With Christmas Eve just a fortnight away, last-minute shoppers can snag a popular bottle of perfume for just £10 in a flash deal. Until 23.59 tonight, Boots has slashed the price of a 30ml bottle of Britney Spears Fantasy Eau de Parfum from £30 to £10 as part of their weekly £10 Tuesday offer.
If you miss the offer on the celebrity scent, you can also snap up a bottle of Fantasy EDP on Debenhams for £18 (instead of £49)– and that price is for a much larger 100ml bottle.
The iconic noughties celeb scent is adored for its fruity amber aroma, featuring notes of white chocolate and sensual woods. It opens with top notes of red lychee, golden quince and kiwi, followed by undertones of jasmine and white chocolate, and finishes with musk, orris root and woody tones.
Housed in a bottle adorned with Swarovski crystals and interlocking ring patterns, it's a lovely gift for anyone who's already a fan of the fragrance, or anyone looking to discover a new signature scent Or, if it's an old favourite, now is the time to stock up.
Despite being nearly 20 years old and a staple of 00s culture, Britney Spears Fantasy remains as popular today as it was back then. Chelsey Saunders, Director of Fragrance, Skincare and Haircare at Boots, revealed: "Over the last twelve months, the most searched-for celebrities on boots.com include Ariana Grande, Rihanna, Britney Spears and Billie Eilish."
 The fragrance world is buzzing with excitement as celeb scents make a huge comeback, and it seems we can't get enough of the classics. Iconic fragrances like Britney Spears Fantasy Eau de Parfum and Christina Aguilera Eau de Parfum are still all the rage, proving that the superstars of the 2000s remain as relevant as ever, reports the Mirror. 
Over on the Boots website, Fantasy has earned a stellar 4.7-star rating from more than 200 reviews. Fans are raving about it, saying they 'love' the perfume and are always showered with compliments when they wear it.
One shopper gushed, "Love it. Unreal, I've gotten so many compliments. Best affordable perfume."
Another confessed, "My teenage daughter loves this scent. I have to admit, I need to stop myself from stealing it from her."
A third customer recommended, "Britney Spears perfume lovely scent and not too expensive. I have had plenty of compliments wearing this perfume and nice bottle. Yes, would recommend."
Others can't hide their adoration, with one saying, "Gorgeous. Been my favourite for years," and praising its delightful smell, while another highlighted, "Excellent value for everyday perfume. Suits everybody."
However, not everyone's nose was tickled pink, as one reviewer found it 'too sweet' for their taste, preferring the blue version and commenting, "Pretty perfume bottle, smells too sweet, the blue version is better."
For those on the hunt for the perfect celebrity scent, whether for Christmas gifts or a festive treat for yourself, our very own perfume enthusiast Jada Jones recommends Billie Eilish's Eilish, saying: "It's a perfect gourmand. There's vanilla but also a dash of cocoa that really rounds it out."
Alternatively, if you're a fan of the new Wicked film, Ariana Grande's Ari Eau de Parfum Spray (50ml) is currently on sale on Amazon for £32, down from its original price of £40. The bottle design gives off Glinda vibes, while the scent is described as having 'sparkling fruits and an ultra-feminine floralcy'.
Meanwhile, Boots' £10 Tuesday sale has also seen a number of popular products reduced, including brands like No7, Fenty and Soap and Glory. You can check out the full range of deals here.