Brat Summer is heating up with a collaboration fans have been begging for.

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	Charli’s Angels, there’s no need to “Guess” anymore — Billie Eilish has officially joined Charli XCX‘s latest remix.

	In the new music video released on Thursday (Aug. 1), Charli muses the lyrics at a house party, where everyone starts throwing their underpants in the air. Eventually, Eilish busts through the party in a tractor with her verse. “Charli likes boys but she knows I’d hit it,” she playfully sings to the camera, as the duo roll around in a street full of undergarments. 

	Charli confirmed the collaboration via Instagram earlier this week. In the clip, Charli calls up the “Lunch” singer before the song’s electronic beat comes pounding in. “Hey Billie, you there?” she asks, before showing a brief clip of the two of them collapsing on top of a pile of bras.

	










	All bras and underwear used in the music video have been donated to I Support The Girls, according to a press release. ISTG collects and distributes essential items, including bras, underwear and menstrual hygiene products to people experiencing homelessness, impoverishment or distress.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Fans first began speculating that Eilish would be the surprise guest on the new track when Charli teased a new collaborative version of the song, with her special guest’s face cropped out of the photo. Spotting a set of rings Eilish has been wearing lately, fans immediately placed their bets that the “360” singer tapped Eilish for the guest spot. 

	The original version of the track comes off the deluxe version of Charli’s smash-hit album Brat, which has so far peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard 200. The album is also dominating the Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart, with 16 of the deluxe version’s 18 tracks currently landing on the chart dated Aug. 3 (“360” claims its highest position at No. 2 on the chart).

	Speaking to Billboard for her July cover story, Charli teased that there were still more Brat remixes to come, while also speculating about her own future in the music business. “I saw this tweet the other day that was like, ‘Does anyone think that this is Charli’s last album?’ … Then I was like, ‘Actually, that could be cool if I didn’t really make music anymore after this,'” she said. “I don’t know. I’m just so deep in this, I can’t see outside of brat.”

	Watch the music video for Charli XCX’s “Guess” featuring Billie Eilish below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.