Girl... what? 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Grammy-winning, Oscar-winning platinum artists, they say the darndest things! Ahead of Billie Eilish going to the Academy Awards next weekend for her viral Barbie song, the 22-year-old singer shared the most random anecdote about a time when Christian Bale factored into her decision to break up with a former boyfriend. And let me say, it really gets one thinking. 
While Billie Eilish and Finneas sat down with Chicken Shop Date’s Amelia Dimoldenberg ahead of the prestigious Oscars Luncheon, the comedian interviewer asked if Billie wrote her first hit “Ocean Eyes” about Oppenheimer’s Cillian Murphy. The question segued the conversation into other Christopher Nolan movies like his Dark Knight trilogy. After sharing that his Batman movies are her jam, Eilish said this: 
I don’t really know much about superheroes. The Dark Knight…I gotta be real. A couple years ago I had a dream about Christian Bale and it was in a little cafe in the sunlight, and it made me realize I had to break up with my boyfriend at the time. Genuinely. I woke up and I came to my senses.
Do we have context as to why… no? Is it still newsworthy… yes. Why? Because Christian Bale actually led her to end a relationship with someone. In the video on the Oscars YouTube channel, it doesn’t sound like Billie Eilish is messing around either. And hey, that’s the power of Christopher Nolan movies. The director bends your mind and gets you thinking – even about whether your man is right for you. 
Billie Eilish’s incredibly random dream sounds like the ending of The Dark Knight Rises, when Bruce Wayne gives up his alter ego and ends up sitting in a cafe somewhere with Anne Hathaway’s Selena Kyle. That, or the character died and Michael Caine’s Alfred hallucinated him. Anyways, I really cannot claim to understand how that mental picture of Bale led the singer to end things with a significant other, but perhaps it was because her boyfriend wasn’t literally Christian Bale? This may soon become one of the world’s greatest mysteries. 
We don’t know who Billie Eilish is talking about specifically, but it’s currently rumored that the singer is single. Back in May, it was reported that she and The Neighborhood frontman Jesse Rutherford, who were 10 years apart in age, split up after less than a year of dating. It’s more likely Eilish is talking about her ex Matthew Vorce, whom she allegedly split with in May 2022. No matter what, now I want to rewatch all the Dark Knight movies!! What transformative decisions will it entice me to do? 
Billie Eilish and her brother/collaborator Finneas O’Connell are up next weekend for their second Oscar for Best Original Song for Barbie’s “What Was I Made For?” Eilish has called it one of her best vocal performances, but how will it stack up with the other 2024 Oscar nominees? You can tune into the ceremony on Sunday, March 10 to find out! 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Sarah El-Mahmoud has been with CinemaBlend since 2018 after graduating from Cal State Fullerton with a degree in Journalism. In college, she was the Managing Editor of the award-winning college paper, The Daily Titan, where she specialized in writing/editing long-form features, profiles and arts & entertainment coverage, including her first run-in with movie reporting, with a phone interview with Guillermo del Toro for Best Picture winner, The Shape of Water. Now she's into covering YA television and movies, and plenty of horror. Word webslinger. All her writing should be read in Sarah Connor’s Terminator 2 voice over.
Florence Pugh Recalls Taking Her Family To See Midsommar, And Her Grandfather’s Honest Reaction Has Me Laughing
Nicolas Cage Plays A Surfer In His New Thriller, But It Turns Out He Also Has Real-Life Surfing Horror Stories: 'I've Been Pounded To Smithereens' 
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.