By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:55, 20 February 2024   |  Updated:  03:30, 20 February 2024   
 35
View  comments
Bryce Hall slammed Billie Eilish for what he described as elitism, after a clip of the Grammy-winning artist surfaced in which she appeared to be irked by the presence of TikTok stars at Sunday's People's Choice Awards.
In a clip circulating online, the singer-songwriter, 22, had been in a chat with fellow singer Kylie Minogue, 55, when she appeared to mouth the words, 'I'm like, there's some ... TikTokers here.'
On Monday, Hall, a 24-year-old TikTok influencer, took to the platform to respond to the perceived slight stemming from Sunday's event at the Barker Hangar in Santa Monica, California.
'I'm just going to address this clip of Billie Eilish being disgusted by TikTokers that were at the People's Choice,' he said. 'I was one of them.'
The Ellicott City, Maryland native continued, 'First off, Billie Eilish, I'm so sorry that I didn't acknowledge your greatness and bow down to you being another human being.'
TikTok star Bryce Hall, 24, slammed Billie Eilish, 22, for what he described as elitism, after a clip of the Grammy-winning artist surfaced in which she appeared to be irked by the presence of TikTok stars at Sunday's People's Choice Awards in Santa Monica, California 
Hall literally took a bow to honor Eilish, adding, 'Here, there it is,' before revealing that organizers from the award show had reached out to him and his influencer peers.
'People's Choice invited us personally,' Hall said. 'Everyone that attended People's Choice and was sitting at those tables, we were invited by People's Choice. So, hate on them.'
A number of prominent TikTok personalities were on hand at the event in Southern California, such as Tana Mongeau, Gigi Gorgeous, James Charles, Chris Olsen and Alix Earle.
Hall wrapped things up in his clip by saying that the 'most sad thing' about the story was that he's been a big fan of the singer and her work.
Hall subsequently took to Twitter writing, 'This is my formal apology for the recent drama im in regarding my response to billie eilish.'
The tweet featured the words 'I'm sorry' written in the notepad app.  
Eilish kicked off Sunday's broadcast on NBC as she won the honors for TV Performance of the Year for her work on Swarm.
Eilish had been nominated for her role as Eva on the Prime miniseries against a group including Meryl Streep, Ayo Edebiri, Matt Bomer, Adjoa Andoh, Storm Reid, Steven Yeun and Jon Hamm. 
Billie Eilish at the 2024 #PCAs: “There’s some like… TikTokers here” pic.twitter.com/PhultTjxcy
The Ellicott City, Maryland native said, 'First off, Billie Eilish, I'm so sorry that I didn't acknowledge your greatness and bow down to you being another human being'
Hall subsequently took to Twitter writing, 'This is my formal apology for the recent drama im in regarding my response to billie eilish'
Eilish won the honors for TV Performance of the Year for her work on Swarm at the 2024 People's Choice Awards
The singer-songwriter had been nominated for her role as Eva on the Prime miniseries against a notable group including Meryl Streep, Ayo Edebiri and Jon Hamm 
In her acceptance speech Sunday, Eilish lauded her collaborators on the project, including the show's creators Donald Glover and Janine Nabers, and star Dominique Fishback 
'Wow, that was crazy to see,' Eilish said in her acceptance speech. 'That was so insane to see all those names and then mine, and I'm here. This is fan-voted, and I want to say how grateful and lucky and privileged I am for that. Thank you so much.'
In her acceptance speech, Eilish lauded her collaborators on the project, including the show's creators Donald Glover and Janine Nabers, and star Dominique Fishback.
'I just want to say thank you to Donald Glover for being my life-long inspiration and making me the artist that I am today,' Eilish said. 
Eilish wrapped up in thanking her mother for being her acting coach, and the people for voting for her.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group