By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:57, 16 December 2024   |  Updated:  16:57, 16 December 2024   
View  comments
Kylie Minogue, Perrie Edwards and James Norton are among the A-list celebrities announced to be taking on CBeebies Bedtime Stories over Christmas. 
The children's network revealed the line-up on Monday which also includes readings from Idris Elba, Justin Fletcher, Mo Gilligan and Cody Rhodes over the festive period. 
Little Mix star Perrie will return to CBeebies on Christmas Eve as she is set to tell the festive tale, Mr Santa by Jarvis, while wearing a red Satin jumper. 
The story follows the excitement and joy of every child who has dreamed of meeting Father Christmas himself.
Perrie previously leant her voice for the show last month as she appeared wearing eye catching pink satin pajamas with feathered edging. 
Pop superstar Kylie, who appeared on the show back in October, will take the main spot on Christmas Day as she reads The Australian 12 Days of Christmas by Michael Salmon.
Kylie Minogue is among the A-list celebrities announced to be taking on CBeebies Bedtime Stories over the festive period. The pop superstar will appear on the show on Christmas Day
The children's network revealed the line-up on Monday which also includes readings from Perrie Edwards, James Norton, Idris Elba, Justin Fletcher, Mo Gilligan and Cody Rhodes
The Padam Padam singer will explain that Christmas in Australia is a little bit different to the UK with twelve possums playing, eleven lizards leaping …six sharks a-surfing, and a kookaburra in a gum tree. 
Kylie looked in good spirits as she rocked a stylish white and black glittering star cardigan with a pair of grey denim jeans.  
Meanwhile on Boxing Day actor James will read hilarious tale There is no Big Bad Wolf in this Story by Lou Carter and Deborah Allwright, which tells what happens when the Big Bad Wolf has had enough.
The Happy Valley star cut a cool figure in a black open shirt as he sat on a colourful arm chair to tell the children's story. 
Meanwhile kick-starting the Christmas specials on December 21, Luther star Idris will sit down to read Hedgehog's Balloon by Nick Butterworth.
The book follows Percy the park keeper who sets out to help his friend hedgehog play with his very first balloon.  
On December 22, CBeebies' very own Justin returns to read The Winter Wish by Helen Mortimer and Rachael Dean.   
The Mr Tumble star looked incredible in a red sequin waistcoat as he tells the story of William who lives in a bookshop full of stories and delights.
Little Mix star Perrie will return to CBeebies on Christmas Eve as she is set to tell the festive tale, Mr Santa by Jarvis, while wearing a red Satin jumper
Meanwhile on Boxing Day actor James will read hilarious tale There is no Big Bad Wolf in this Story by Lou Carter and Deborah Allwright, which tells what happens when the Big Bad Wolf has had enough
Meanwhile kick-starting the Christmas specials on December 21, Luther star Idris will sit down to read Hedgehog's Balloon by Nick Butterworth
On December 22, CBeebies' very own Justin returns to read The Winter Wish by Helen Mortimer and Rachael Dean
Following Justin, comedian Mo got comfortable in the cosy big yellow chair as he is set to read My Dad is a Grizzly Bear by Swapna Haddow and Dapo Adeola
The finally celebrity is undisputed WWE Champion Cody, who cut a very dapper figure in a red three piece suit as he kick-starts the year on January 1
Following Justin, comedian Mo got comfortable in the cosy big yellow chair as he is set to read My Dad is a Grizzly Bear by Swapna Haddow and Dapo Adeola which follows a boy with a wild imagination and his lively family.
The finally celebrity is undisputed WWE Champion Cody, who cut a very dapper figure in a red three piece suit as he kick-starts the year on January 1. 
Welcoming in the New Year Cody reads Gigantic by Rob Biddulph about a very small and determined blue whale.
Director BBC Children's and Education Patricia Hidalgo said: 'CBeebies Bedtime Stories brings magical moments to families all year round but there's something extra special about stories at Christmas time. 
'At its heart is the incredible power of storytelling, which spans generations from children to their grown-ups to grandparents, and this Christmas, we hope everyone takes something away from listening to a story snuggled up together.'
CBeebies Bedtime Story has seen a host of big stars take on the role in the hopes of getting the nation reading. 
But it appears there could be another reason A-listers are signing up, as many of them who appear on the children's channel are using the platform as a new way to promote their latest material.
While celebs are out promoting their latest album, film or book, by doing podcasts and TV shows, CBeebies has become part of the promotion run. 
Billie Eilish is one of the A-lists star to be read the CBeebies Bedtime Story.
The singer, 22, who recently released her third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft and has been promoting it since the start of the year, will read This Moose Belongs to Me by author and illustrator Oliver Jeffers at 6.50 pm on Friday.
CBeebies Bedtime Story has seen a host of big stars take on the role in the hopes of getting the nation reading (Billie Eilish pictured) 
It appears there could be another reason A-listers are signing up, as many of them who appear on the children's channel are using the platform as a new way to promote their latest material (Harry Styles pictured) 
Elsewhere, Harry Styles, 30, settled down to read his first children's book on the show in May 2022.
The One Direction star's reading of In Every House, On Every Street fit perfectly with the title of his third studio album, Harry's House - which was released around the time of his appearance on the children's show. 
In its first two hours on Apple Music, the album earned the most first-day streams for a pop album released in 2022, the platform announced.
The former One Direction member beamed in a pair of brown pyjamas as he sat in a big yellow chair and said: 'Hello I'm Harry, welcome to my house. I love it here, I like to listen to music and read and hang out with my friends.
'Tonight's bedtime story is about a house full of love and laughter. It's called In Every House, In Every Street and it's by Jess Hitchman with pictures by Lili La Baleine'
Zayn Malik, 31, became the second member of One Direction to join the show.
The singer recorded the bedtime story, Music is Everything, while promoting his country-inspired fourth solo album Room Under the Stair.
He said he chose the book because he 'loves Bob Marley and because music and reading are both important to me as a parent.'
Malik shares daughter Khai with ex-partner, model Gigi Hadid, adding that he reads and sings to her at bedtime.
Zayn Malik, 31, recorded the bedtime story, Music is Everything, while promoting his country-inspired fourth solo album Room Under the Stair
At the time when David Schwimmer appeared on Bedtime Stories back in 2020, he was in the midst of promoting his upcoming Sky comedy Intelligence
Kasabian frontman Sergio, 43, read on the children's programme in a Glastonbury Festival special last month. 
The singer had performed on the Woodsies stage at the legendary festival the previous weekend with bandmates Chris Edwards, Ian Matthews, and Tim Carter.
Paloma Faith, 42, who also appeared at this year's Glastonbury, read The Party Animals by Alex Willmore at 6.50pm.
Meanwhile, Friends star David Schwimmer appeared on Bedtime Stories back in 2020 and read The Smeds and The Smoos.
At the time, David was in the midst of promoting his upcoming Sky comedy Intelligence, in which he plays a maverick, power-hungry NSA agent based in Cheltenham's version of MI6.
Kate Winslet led a huge line up appearing of stars who appeared on the show in the run up to Christmas in 2022.
The Titanic actress has received numerous accolades, including an Academy Award, a Grammy Award, two Primetime Emmy Awards, five BAFTA Awards and five Golden Globe Awards.
However she still jumped at the chance to appear on Bedtime Stories.
She read Grumpycorn, by Sarah McIntyre, telling the story of a unicorn who wants to write the most fabulous story in the world, but is stuck for ideas.
One star who didn't appear to be appearing on the show for promotional purposes was Tom Hardy.
The Hollywood star has made multiple appearances on the children's broadcaster over the years and caused quite a stir when he made his debut back in 2016.
Tom returned to screens to read I Am A Tiger by Karl Newson with illustrations by Ross Collins.
CBeebies controller Kay Benbow told The Guardian: 'He and his agents approached us because he wanted to do it for his kids. 
'I'm so grateful to him, because he raised the profile of Bedtime Stories and brought people to it who wouldn't necessarily think to look at CBeebies.'
Kate Winslet led a huge line up appearing of stars who appeared on the show in the run up to Christmas in 2022 as she read Grumpycorn, by Sarah McIntyre
Reese Witherspoon became the first Oscar-winning actress to feature on CBeebies Bedtime Stories in January 2022 
'I'm here to read you a bedtime story about a little mouse who might not be a little mouse after all. It's called I Am A Tiger by Karl Newson with illustrations by Ross Collins.'
Mothers and fathers across the country were left delighted as Dolly Parton made an appearance on the popular BBC programme in 2017.
Dressed in a vibrant yellow biker jacket, the country music star snuggled up in a comfy armchair to read Louise Yates's award-winning Dog Loves Books.
Orlando Bloom sent fans into overdrive with his appearance on the show back in 2018 with some joking that they would be tuning in 'despite not having children' themselves.
The actor was seen sitting on an armchair with his legs apart and puppy Mighty sprawled out on his lap, and appeared to leave viewers a little hot under the collar while narrating the short story.
Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl swapped the rock and roll guitars and screaming crowds for a quiet night in when he read the Bedtime Story back in 2021 .
Reese Witherspoon became the first Oscar-winning actress to feature on CBeebies Bedtime Stories in January 2022 .
The actress provided a bedtime reading of Extraordinary by Penny Harrison as she read the heartfelt tale of how beautiful things can be discovered in seemingly ordinary moments.
As she began the story, Reese read: 'Sometimes, when we're busy, it can be hard to find time to notice the world around us. The things we see every day can seem a bit… ordinary. But if you stop, and look closer, you'll see that our world is extraordinary!'
Tom Hiddleston gave a heartwarming reading of a children's book as he sat among teddy characters from the book when he appeared on the show in 2021 
Eddie Redmayne won praise after his Christmas Day appearance in 2017 as he was joined by Greg the dinosaur to sooth the nation off to sleep 
Tom Hiddleston gave a heartwarming reading of a children's book as he sat among teddy characters from the book when he appeared on the show in 2021.
The Loki star read Supertato, a story by Sue Hendra and Paul Linnet, as he cosied up in a purple cable knit jumper.
He concluded his reading: 'Wow that little pea caused a lot of mayhem. But luckily, Supertato was there to save the day! Now it's time for you to go to sleep. Perhaps you'll dream of mischievous villains of brave superheroes. Goodnight little peas.'
Eddie Redmayne won praise after his Christmas Day appearance in 2017 as he was joined by Greg the dinosaur to sooth the nation off to sleep.
The Oscar winning star, best known for acclaimed appearances in The Theory of Everything, The Danish Girl and Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, delighted fans with a reading of If I Had A Dinosaur.
CBeebies Bedtime Story airs on each weekday at 6.50pm on CBeebies and BBC iPlayer.

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group