Olympics fans in Paris were left furious with the Los Angeles handover following Snoop Dogg and Billie Eilish's performances.
Tom Cruise finalised proceedings by jumping off the top of the Stade de France, before riding a motorcycle through the crowd to collect the Olympic flag and take it back to Los Angeles. But viewers were left disappointed after Tom then featured in a VT - where he took the flag back to the Hollywood sign with him.
The Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Billie Eilish and Snoop Dogg then all performed from a beach in California. The performances left viewers fuming over the Olympians and those in the stadium not getting live performances.
One fan said: "Would be a bit disappointing to be in the Paris stadium and then to have the USA handover so far consist of a pre recorded Tom Cruise video package and now the live performances of Red Hot Chilli peppers & Billie Eilish on the stadium screens #ClosingCeremony."
A second added: "Nice handover and gig in LA. Are there large screens in the Stade de France? Asking for 90,000 people… #Paris2024." A third penned: "So...is there LA section just being shown on screens in Paris?"
"Kinda sucks that they couldn't have these people performing in Paris so it's all together. Imagine being all excited in the stadium and having to watch on the screens. #ClosingCeremony," a fourth wrote, with a fifth adding: "Long pauses, awkward silences. Shame these performers didn't come to the SDF to perform instead of the athletes craning their necks on the big screens." A sixth wrote: "So the people in Paris just have to watch this in the screens. #ClosingCeremony."
The Olympic Closing Ceremony airs this evening. As reported in the Mirror, it includes the parade of athletes, the thanking of volunteers, the medal ceremony, the extinguishing of the Olympic flame.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
During the ceremony, President of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), Thomas Bach, will declare the Games are over. The ceremony will end with a handover of the Olympic flag between Anne Hidalgo and Karen Bass, the mayors of Paris and Los Angeles, as that is where the next Games will take place.
French bands Air and Phoenix - know for their electro-pop music - were on the bill for the event as well as Breton dancer Arthur Cadre, known as Lil Crabe, who will also perform. The Red Hot Chilli Peppers, Billie Eilish and Tom Cruise will also all appear.
The Closing Ceremony has been based around a science fiction element, with men from outer space bringing the Olympic Games back to life. Thomas Jolly - who was also responsible for the Opening Ceremony - will take on the creative elements of this ceremony too. It follows "travellers from another space-time" who discover the remains of Olympism and reconstruct the Olympic rings.
A statement about what fans can expect read: "Like an indelible memory, this Olympic closing ceremony will be marked by audacity, fraternity and emotion. In the heart of the Stade de France, athletes from all over the world will represent their countries one last time in an incredible moment of celebration and sharing. With their eyes riveted to the flame, the emotion will be immense as we close the great Olympic book of Paris 2024," with tickets having started from 250 Euros.
Don't miss the latest news from around Scotland and beyond - Sign up to our daily newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.