Missed out on tickets in the UK? These are your best options 
A paid for ad feature for viagogo
Gig-tripping is this year’s hottest travel trend because it essentially gives you double the fun. You get to explore a cool new city and catch your favourite artist while you’re there. Just ask the thousands of Adele fans who flew to Munich for the singer’s summer residency or the legions of Swifties who followed The Eras Tour around Europe.
An independent survey commissioned by viagogo found that 63 per cent of Brits had already been gig-tripping – while a further 58 per cent would like to in the future. Almost half (42 per cent) were attracted to the better weather and scenery a foreign destination offers, while nearly a third (30 per cent) were interested in heading abroad for cheaper gig tickets.
If you fancy getting in on the action, here’s a guide to Europe’s 10 best cities for gig-tripping and some huge shows coming up in each one.
A short flight from every major UK airport, Amsterdam is a classic mini-break destination. It’s a cute, compact city that takes pride in its cultural offering, which makes it the perfect place to see your favourite bands. And if you’re zonked after a hard night’s moshing, you can spend the next day snoozing on a canal boat.
Where to eat: Foodhallen, a fab indoor market housed in an old tram depot. Here you’ll find trucks selling everything from Mexican to Vietnamese cuisine, plus the traditional Dutch snack bitterballen.
Where to go out after the gig: Amsterdam has an amazing array of bars, restaurants and coffee shops that really liven up after 11pm, why not try Leidseplein, a buzzing nightlife hub with plenty to offer.
Where to stay: Oost – Amsterdam’s eastern neighbourhood – is a former industrial hub turned hipster haunt. It’s laidback, filled with cool hangouts, and located on the right side of the city for Amsterdam’s two main arenas, Ziggo Dome and AFAS Live.
How pricey is it? It’s far from the cheapest city in Europe, but Amsterdam won’t empty your wallet quite as fast as London.
Upcoming gigs:
Janet Jackson – Ziggo Dome, October 9-10
Benson Boone – AFAS Live, November 11
Jacob Collier – AFAS Live, November 26-27
Spain’s second largest city has it all: world-class culture, historic architecture, delicious tapas, cava on tap and its own beach. It’s very much a late-night destination, so if you like to begin your evening with a gig, this is the place to try. Handily, flights from the UK are cheap, frequent and a breezy two-and-a-bit hours in the air. According to an independent survey commissioned by viagogo, Barcelona was the second most popular destination for gig-tripping, after New York.
Where to eat: La Boqueria, Spain’s oldest food market, is located just off iconic Barcelona boulevard Las Ramblas. Characterful and filled with fresh produce, it’s a bit like Borough Market with added tapas.
Where to go out after the gig: Located on the Barcelona beachfront, Pacha brings intense, Ibiza-style clubbing to mainland Spain. Steer clear of the swanky VIP zones and a night here won’t break the bank.
Where to stay: Barcelona’s historic Eixample district, which is split into two halves. The Dreta (right) is a little more lively, but you’ll also find buzzy bars and tapas joints in the Esquerra (left).
How pricey is it? Pretty reasonable, though you’ll fork out more to eat and drink near Las Ramblas.
Upcoming gigs:
Jonas Brothers – Palau Sant Jordi, September 26
Melanie Martinez – Palau Sant Jordi, October 5
Sum 41 – Palau Sant Jordi, November 20
Thanks to its relatively low cost of living, Berlin has been attracting creative types and cultural disruptors for decades – in the ’70s, David Bowie made some of his most innovative albums here. And because Germany is the world’s fourth largest music market, most major tours call in at its edgy, energetic capital city.
Where to eat: When you have a hankering for a patty, head to Burgermeister. This local chain flips burgers at 13 Berlin locations, but the original outpost in a converted public toilet is by far the most fun.
Where to go out after the gig: If you’re visiting between Thursday and Sunday, try to get into Berghain. Often called the world’s greatest nightclub, it’s known for its inscrutable door policy and strict no-photos policy.
Where to stay: There are plenty of affordable hotels surrounding Alexanderplatz, a public square in the city centre that’s a must-visit. If you prefer an Airbnb, consider Kreuzberg, a grungy neighbourhood that attracts Gen Z cool kids and queer clubbers.
How pricey is it? Hardly bargainous, but less spenny than London and Manchester.
Upcoming gigs:
Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds – Uber Arena, September 29-30
Alice Cooper – Max-Schmeling-Halle, October 9
Childish Gambino – Uber Arena, November 13
Sweden’s capital is a prime gig-tripping location, not least because you can combine your concert with a visit to the brilliant ABBA museum. Warning: it will make you emotional. Stretching across 14 separate islands, many with a vibe of their own, Stockholm is also one of Europe’s most intriguing and Insta-ready destinations.
Where to eat: Günter’s hot dog stand, a local landmark with a cult following. If you really want to chomp like a Stockholmer, order a double sausage topped with Günter’s special sauce.
Where to go out after the gig: Head to Hornstull, Stockholm’s hippest district, for indie club nights, chilled floating bars and friendly LGBTQ+ venues. Handily, it’s on the red metro line so you won’t need to fork out for an Uber.
Where to stay: Gamla Stan, Stockholm’s charming old town, is filled with historic monuments. There are buildings dating back to the 13th century, so it’s the place to stay if you want to step out of your or Airbnb and straight into the middle ages.
How pricey is it? There’s no getting around it: Stockholm is an expensive city to eat and drink in. But on the plus side, many major museums offer free entry.
Upcoming gigs:
Kygo – Tele2 Arena, November 13
Billie Eilish – Avicii Arena, April 23-24
Portugal’s coastal capital offers an unrivalled mix of historic sites – it’s one of the world’s oldest cities – and hipster hangouts. It’s also gloriously affordable, which makes it a popular stopping point for digital nomads. Just make sure you have enough time to check out the Fado music scene, which inspired Madonna’s 2019 album ‘Madame X’.
Where to eat: Lisbon has several excellent food courts but Mercado de Campo de Ourique edges it on authentic charm. Housed in a former fruit and veg market, it’s home to more than 20 vendors including an oyster bar and a gin bar.
Where to go out after the gig: LuxFrágil, Portugal’s most famous club, has been attracting house aficionados and technoheads since 1998. Head here for big-name DJ sets in three defined spaces including a roof terrace with superb views.
Where to stay: Baixa, Lisbon’s historic downtown district. It’s the beating heart of the city and many former commercial buildings have now been converted into hotels and hip hostels.
How pricey is it? For a city in western Europe, not at all. Expect to pay €2.00 for a small beer and €4.50 for a bottle of wine.
Upcoming gigs:
Cigarettes After Sex – MEO Arena, November 21
Gracie Abrams – MEO Arena, February 11
Bullet for My Valentine and Trivium – Campo Pequeno, February 26
There’s surely no easier gig-tripping destination than Dublin. Flights from the UK take just over an hour and the city centre is welcoming and easy to navigate. Plus, nearly every major artist touring the UK will add a date in the Irish capital, so it’s the perfect place to see your favourite band for a second time.
Where to eat: Local burger chain Bunsen, which dishes up at eight locations across the city. The menu is so lean that your only dilemma will be choosing hand-cut or shoestring fries.
Where to go out after the gig: Whelan’s, an indie nightclub and live music venue that’s a Dublin institution – everyone from Arctic Monkeys to Hozier has played here. It’s open into the small hours every weekend.
Where to stay: The cool, characterful Portobello neighbourhood should be your first port of call. It has some of Dublin’s buzziest bars and is just 15 minutes on foot from the city centre.
How pricey is it? Comparable to London, but cheap flights mean you can still do Dublin on a budget.
Upcoming gigs:
Vampire Weekend – 3Arena, November 29
Sabrina Carpenter – 3Arena, March 3-4
Oasis – Croke Park, August 16-17
Vienna is so steeped in centuries of culture that its city centre has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Though it’s synonymous with some of the greatest classical composers of all time, including Mozart and Schubert, it’s now a must-play destination for top pop and rock acts. Plan it well and your Viennese whirl will be the perfect blend of modern and historic.
Where to eat: Vienna is a city of fancy coffeehouses, but Café Central is the most famous of all. Pop in for a slab of Apfelstrudel to experience its grandeur on a budget.
Where to go out after the gig: Donaukanal, a stretch of riverbank that’s home to buzzy bars, restaurants and street art. Grelle Forelle, its best club, specialises in house and techno and has a Berghain-style no photos rule.
Where to stay: Vienna’s Innere Stadt, or old town, is central and home to the major landmarks. You’ll find less costly accommodation and a zillennial buzz in Leopoldstadt, a revitalised neighbourhood right across the Danube.
How pricey is it? Eating out can be expensive but a 24-hour unlimited travel card is just €8.
Upcoming gigs:
The Last Dinner Party – MuseumsQuartier, November 12
Twenty One Pilots – Wiener Stadthalle, April 13
Billie Eilish – Wiener Stadthalle, June 6
As this summer’s Olympics reminded us, Paris is undeniably one of the world’s most stunning cities. It’s also one of the easiest to get to from the UK thanks to frequent flights and the Eurostar, which takes you right into the centre. Paris is bijou enough for a whistlestop 24-hour trip, but you’ll almost certainly want to stay longer.
Where to eat: French food is delicious but might be too rich ahead of a gig. So head to Rue Sainte-Anne, aka Little Tokyo, for the best ramen and sushi in the city.
Where to go out after the gig: Parisian nightlife really pops in Le Marais and its neighbouring district Les Halles. At late-night bar Le Cud, you can even dance inside a vaulted cave.
Where to stay: Le Marais, a chic Soho-esque neighbourhood with cute boutiques, trendy restaurants and quirky LGBTQ+ venues. It’s a short walk from most major sites.
How pricey is it? As pricey as you make it. Choose street eats over swish bistros and you won’t blow your budget.
Upcoming gigs:
Janet Jackson – Accor Arena, September 25
Ms. Lauryn Hill & The Fugees – Accor Arena, October 18-19
Paul McCartney – Paris La Défense Arena, December 4-5
Oslo isn’t just one of Europe’s most beautiful cities; it’s also one of the most chilled. If you go a bit too hard at the gig, you can spend the next day resting your “mosher’s elbow” at one of Oslo’s many floating saunas, which are open all year round.
Where to eat: Mathallen, a food hall housing 30 different stores and snack outlets. Everything from local meats and cheeses to Colombian street food is on offer.
Where to go out after the gig: Just south of downtown, Aker Brygge is a former shipping district that’s now home to buzzy waterfront bars and clubs. In the summer months, you can grab a drink on a floating bar.
Where to stay: Oslo’s coolest neighbourhood, Grünerløkka, is just a mile from the city centre. It’s filled with cute cafés, vintage boutiques and independent bars – plus, accommodation here tends to be better value.
How pricey is it? Oslo is a notoriously expensive city, but gig tickets are generally cheaper than in the UK, which helps to balance it out.
Upcoming gigs:
30 Seconds to Mars – Oslo Spektrum, October 9
Kygo – Telenor Arena, November 8
Human League – Oslo Spektrum, November 17
Poland’s second city is home to one of the country’s main entertainment venues, the Tauron Arena, which has hosted gigs by global superstars including Elton John, Shawn Mendes and Celine Dion. Beyond the music, Kraków is building a blossoming reputation as a mini-break destination with spectacular architecture, affordable restaurants and all-round good vibes. Once you’ve visited, you’ll want to recommend it to all your mates.
Where to eat: Right in front of Tauron Arena you’ll find the Arena Garden Street Food Market. This large, grassy public space has food trucks selling burgers, dim sum and plenty more.
Where to go out after the gig: Kazimierz, a trendy neighbourhood next to the Old Town. It’s a fun place to bar-hop both before and after midnight.
Where to stay: Kraków’s central district, the Old Town, is so brimming with history that it was one of the first places to be named a UNESCO World Heritage Site. There’s accommodation here to suit every budget.
How pricey is it? Krakow is famously great value: 500ml of beer in a bar or restaurant won’t cost more than £2.
Upcoming gigs:
Nick Cave & The Bad Seeds – Tauron Arena, October 11
Loreen – Klub Studio, February 24
Billie Eilish – Tauron Arena, June 3-4
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.