ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
CHICAGO, ILLINOIS - AUGUST 03: Billie Eilish performs onstage during Lollapalooza at Grant Park on ... More August 03, 2023 in Chicago, Illinois. Billie Eilish's "Wildflower" grows to No. 1 on Billboard's Rock Streaming Songs chart, earning the superstar singer her first champion on that list. (Photo by Michael Hickey/Getty Images for ABA)
Between all of Billboard’s dozens of charts, Billie Eilish has reached No. 1 many, many times. Quite a few of her most famous songs have risen to the top spot on multiple tallies, while some have only climbed to the summit on one or two. The singer earns another champion this frame, with a tune that not many people—even fans—would guess now stands as her inaugural leader.
“Wildflower” grows again this week and hits No. 1 on the Rock Streaming Songs chart. Amazingly, the track marks Eilish’s first ruler on Billboard’s list of the most-streamed rock-only cuts on platforms like Spotify, Apple Music, and others in the U.S. alone.
Eilish’s tune didn’t have far to go to land in first place. “Wildflower” sat at No. 2 last week, and now it’s in charge of the chart.
“Wildflower” took its time in climbing to the throne on the Rock Digital Song Sales chart. The tune debuted on the streaming-focused roster months ago, and it has now spent a total of 23 weeks somewhere on the 25-spot tally.
Eilish has only appeared on the Rock Streaming Songs ranking with five of her tracks. That’s a surprisingly small number for a woman who is often considered not just one of the biggest stars in the world, but also a top hitmaker in the current-day rock field, which sounds very different from what the biggest tunes in that style sounded like decades ago.
Aside from “Wildflower,” Eilish’s highest-rising track on the Rock Streaming Songs chart was “Skinny,” which still ranks as her second-loftiest placement. That tune peaked at No. 3 this past June. All five of the singer’s tunes that have reached the list have spent time inside the top 10.
“Wildflower” is featured on Eilish’s third and most recent album Hit Me Hard and Soft, which dropped earlier this year. So far, the song has not been chosen as a proper single, but fans seem to have picked it as a favorite. Based on its continued success on the Billboard charts—including the Rock Streaming Songs ranking—the cut could soon become a proper focus for the star.