By JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:09, 24 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:27, 24 October 2024   
 15
View  comments
Billie Eilish is the latest star to suffer a nasty fall during a major live gig.
The Birds Of A Feather singer was performing at Madison Square Garden last week in three sold-out gigs on her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour. 
But during one of the live dates, Billie took a tumble in front of thousands of fans.
During her encore, the singer was making her way down some stairs inside the NYC venue, when she lost her footing and crashed to the floor.
She reposted footage of the fall on social media before sharing a photo of her bruised leg, captioning the photo 'but literally'.
Billie Eilish is the latest star to suffer a nasty fall during a major live gig. The Birds Of A Feather singer was performing at MSG last week in three gigs on her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour
During her encore, the singer was making her way down some stairs inside the NYC venue, when she lost her footing and crashed to the floor 
Just days earlier Olivia Rodrigo suffered a shocking gaffe when she fell through the stage during the final Melbourne show on her Australian Guts tour.
The pop star, 21, took to the stage in front of 14,000 fans at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena for her final concert in the city but left fans horrified when she suddenly fell through a hole in the stage.
Video footage shared to social media showed the Vampire hitmaker dashing from one side of the stage to the other when she suddenly fell through a hole.
Her fans could be heard gasping in horror as she disappeared through a floor hatch, which had seemingly been accidentally left open from an earlier entrance.
Thankfully, Olivia managed to catch her hands on the edge of the stage and clamber back up on stage, sharing her shock at the unexpected fall with the crowds.
Sounding shaken, she assured her fans she was unharmed as she said: 'Oh my God! That was fun, I'm OK! Sometimes there is just a hole in the stage, OK... where was I?'
Billie has been performing to sold out crowds, and VIP fans including Madonna, on her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour, which kicked off in Canada last month.
Next up, she'll be in Atlanta on November 2 before wrapping the US leg on December 21.
The global superstar will then head to Australia and Europe next year.  
She reposted a footage of the fall on social media before sharing a photo of her bruised leg, captioning the photo 'but literally'
Billie has been performing to sold out crowds, and VIP fans including Madonna and her daughters, on her Hit Me Hard and Soft Tour, which kicked off in Canada last month
Madonna proved she was a 'cool mom' by bringing her twin daughters Estere Mwale Ciccone and Stella Mwale Ciccone backstage to meet Billie after attending her sold-out concert in New York last Thursday.
The 22-year-old pop star beamed while posing with her 12-year-old fans, who excitedly sang along to her hits during the show including Birds of a Feather.
Surprisingly, the 66-year-old Queen of Pop - who concluded her own $225.3M-grossing, 81-date Celebration Tour on May 4 - and her darling daughters did not have front row, VIP seats.
'She was seated for the entire show, taking selfies with her kids in normal 100 [level] seats,' a concertgoer told Page Six.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group