By
Alex Hopper
Billie Eilish‘s “Birds of a Feather” (stylized in all capitals) is slated to be her next hit. The insatiably catchy song has been making the rounds online, taking one of the top spots in Eilish‘s catalog, currently. But, what exactly is she saying with this song? Uncover the meaning behind the hit, below. 
[RELATED: Billie Eilish’s New Album ‘Hit Me Hard and Soft’ Track by Track]
I want you to stay‘Til I’m in the grave‘Til I rot away, dead and buried‘Til I’m in the casket you carry
Eilish gets deeply honest on this song. She doesn’t shy away from melodrama, begging her love interest to stick around until she’s passed. It’s an overwhelming kind of love. That feeling is a familiar face in Eilish’s music, but she turns up the passion on this track. 
Birds of a feather, we should stick together, I knowI said I’d never think I wasn’t better aloneCan’t change the weather, might not be foreverBut if it’s forever, it’s even better
The love Eilish is experiencing now is a transformative one. Though we don’t know exactly who Eilish is singing about, we know that this relationship has had a powerful effect on her life. Said I’d never think I wasn’t better alone, she sings, sinking comfortably into relationship bliss. 
And I don’t know what I’m crying forI don’t think I could love you moreIt might not be long, but baby, I
I’ll love you ’til the day that I die‘Til the day that I die‘Til the light leaves my eyes‘Til the day that I die
There are many songs about momentary attraction or lust at first sight, but songs like “Birds of a Feather” are for the long-lasting, enduring relationships. Despite the odds, Eilish sings about finding something with staying power. Check out the song, below. 
(Photo by Sarah Morris/WireImage)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand