By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:28, 4 November 2024   |  Updated:  01:00, 5 November 2024   
 11
View  comments
Billie Eilish was supported by her mother Maggie Baird at the singer's Overheated climate change conference in Atlanta, Georgia.
On Sunday, the 23-year-old singer — who recently hosted a star studded Halloween bash — hosted the event in collaboration with her mother's organization Support + Feed to bring awareness to sustainability and environmental issues. 
It was hosted at the infamous State Farm Arena and also saw activists along the likes of Ayana Elizabeth Johnson, Jasmine Crowe Houston, Wawa Gatheru and Robin Okunowu.
The event was aimed at bringing together leaders and offer solutions and resources to combat the climate crisis. It began at 10 a.m. and ended at 4 p.m. ET.
Only 300 tickets were offered to the public with the event being livestreamed on the Wildflower singer's website.
Billie Eilish was supported by her mother Maggie Baird at the singer's Overheated climate change conference in Atlanta, Georgia 
On Sunday, the 23-year-old singer hosted the event in collaboration with her mother's organization Support + Feed to bring awareness to sustainability and environmental issues
Baird said in a statement: 'I am thrilled that we can bring this unique event to Billie‘s US fans. And to people from all over who can watch the livestream.
'At this time, more than ever we need everyone to be a climate activist.'
Some of the panels at the event included: Environmental Justice 101, The Stories We Tell, What We Eat Matters, Fashion Your Future, Climate Optimism and Your Vote, Your Power. 
According to a press release, the conference underscored 'accessible actions for audience members to take in making a positive impact on their communities and the planet.
'This year, the event will also be highlighting the importance of political actions that champion climate solutions.' 
This years panelists and special guests included: Saad Amer, Corinea Austin, Xiye Bastida, Daniel Blackman, Brea Baker, Abre’ Conner, Quintin Crumpler, Helena Gualinga, Isaias Hernandez, Jamila Norman, Samata Pattinson, Maya Penn and Angela Watts.
More information regarding the panelists and speaker's background was made available on the Overheated website.
In partnership with her mother's organization Support + Feed provided plant-based meals to those in attendance.
The event was aimed at bringing together leaders and offer solutions and resources to combat the climate crisis
Baird said in a statement: 'At this time, more than ever we need everyone to be a climate activist'
According to a press release, the conference underscored 'accessible actions for audience members to take in making a positive impact on their communities and the planet'
The inaugural Overheated climate sustainability conference was held in London back in 2022
The inaugural Overheated climate sustainability conference was held in London back in 2022. 
Support + Feed was founded in March 2020 by the 65-year-old mother-of-two. The nonprofit is aimed at increasing food security and reducing climate change by making plant-based food more accessible, and in demand around the globe. 
According to Support + feed's LinkedIn, the organiation has a presence in 11 anchor cities in the US and has reached 41 cities globally.
It is expanding through partnerships in the EU, UK and Australia. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group