Words: Lisa Wright
                 Photos: Jason Al-Taan
                                  16th September 2024

                 
When Harrison Patrick Smith appears on the screen for today’s call, the scene we’re greeted with is almost comically appropriate. Striding down the streets of Manhattan, black sunglasses on and slightly perspiring, with his wobbling iPhone screen panned up to background him with looming skyscrapers and bustling streets, it’s the exact image of an in demand man-about-town you might expect from an artist who’s titled their debut album ‘What’s Wrong With New York?’ Unusually for Smith, who’s been igniting and irking the pop culture-sphere in equal measure lately as The Dare, the set-up isn’t actually all-that considered. “I’ve had a bit of an insane 48 hours so I thought I’d walk and talk. Well…” he corrects himself, “it’s been insane for about a month but it’s reaching an apex right now.”
“Insane” is, by all metrics, something of an understatement. A couple of weeks before we talk, ‘Guess’ – his contribution to Charli xcx’s all-consuming ‘BRAT’ empire (co-written and produced by Smith) – blew up the internet with its sapphic Billie Eilish remix. Hitting the UK Number One spot on the singles chart, it cemented Charli as the undisputed queen of the summer while boosting Billie into top position as the most streamed artist on the planet. As for The Dare, the cultural tipping point of the last few months seems to have finally made him make sense to a lot of people: where his polarising 2022 debut single ‘Girls’ initially had the internet up in arms for its LCD Soundsystem-nodding electroclash and lyrics about “the girls who do drugs / girls with cigarettes in the back of the club”, now it’s all just, well, very BRAT.
“It’s funny… I think sometimes people need things explained to them. It’s hard to talk to the general public, especially if you’re into weird shit. Most of the public isn’t. I think Charli is amazing at not only creating new worlds and new styles of music, but she’s really good at bringing people into it and helping them feel good about experiencing those things. I’m worse at that,” he chuckles. “And also at the time when I did it, I had no relationship to the public whatsoever, nor did I ever think anybody would give a fuck, so I wasn’t really concerned about helping people figure out what I was doing, I was just doing it. So then of course, when it DID hit a lot of people they were just shocked, which is really good, honestly. I guess if it made sense to people from the start there never would have been a spark; there has to be friction.”
Boil it down and friction and spark is really what’s at the heart of The Dare’s MO. Some things that Smith likes: proper rockstars, making a statement, pissing people off sometimes if it means not being dull. Some things he doesn’t care for: being palatable just to keep people happy or even really, it seems, being ‘liked’ in the sense that he wants the internet to be his mate. He makes music about fucking and suicide and rock’n’roll. He still thinks Matty Healy is “incredible right now”. In a world of cautious platitudes, Smith is very much not that guy.
The Dare - What’s Wrong With New York? 
A hedonistic pop bible.
“I don't like things that are too honest or too contrived. I just value [being disruptive] much more over being very likeable and coasting along."
The Dare, he says, is like the “id of [his] being”. “It doesn’t work in my best interests to be a fucking asshole all the time, but if I’m allowed to be that on stage I’ll definitely take that opportunity ‘cause art is the one magical place where you can kind of do whatever you want.” On ‘What Happened To New York?’ – a deliberate double entendre designed to point to music’s “funny little antagonistic relationship” with the city – that means serving up massive, braggy bangers called things like ‘I Destroyed Disco’ that nod to LCD and Peaches and the sort of hedonistic counterculture that, as a kid in Seattle, he looked to the city and dreamed of. At his now infamous club night Freakquencies, it means creating somewhere “stylish and trashy and fun and not very exclusive or stuck up”. “As a response to more puritanical movements in culture and social politics, I think people are trying to loosen their ties a little bit and be OK with getting too drunk and being sloppy,” he suggests. “There’s a lot of forces that have been pushing things back to that era because of its looseness, glamour, dirtiness… people were uglier in a way…”
In conversation, Smith is actually very likeable: smart, switched-on, an obviously passionate music fan. It’s not that he’s trying to troll the world with his sharp-suited image and live sets that see him performing in front of a ludicrously massive amplifier stack, it’s just that he truly believes in the messy glamour of this business we call show. “Everybody seems content to be humble, or present this attitude of composed authenticity and I just think it’s a huge sham and a fucking boring way to be an artist,” he says. “I don’t want you to act like you’re working a desk job, I want you to act like a rock star. I think that’s why people love Oasis: the music is incredible but they’re also getting into psychotic fights and stuff, and that’s part of what makes rock and roll magical and unlike anything else.”
From BRAT ‘24 to Lads ‘25, there’s arguably no better time for The Dare to be promoting his brand of hedonistic, nihilistic party-starting. When he first moved to New York six-and-a-half years ago, says Smith, “nobody really gave a fuck” about the underground electroclash he liked; these days, in the reinvigorated post-Covid world, people want to get dressed up and fucked up and he’s got exactly the soundtrack to do it to. Just like all the most exciting, disruptive artists and scenes before him, he knows it won’t please everyone but that’s exactly the point.
“I don’t like things that are boring and have nothing to say, or things that are too honest or too contrived,” he says. “I think if you strike the right balance in the middle, inevitably it’ll piss a lot of people off and other people will fall in love with it. I just value that much more over being very likeable and coasting along.”
‘What’s Wrong With New York?’ is out now. 


Tags:
Features, Interviews, From The Magazine, September 2024, The Dare

£33.99 
 Festivals
She’s handpicked the likes of Magdalena Bay and Jodie Harsh to support her in Victoria Park this Summer.
 17th March 2025
 Live review
Deadpan devotion to nihilist ragers.
 26th November 2024
 Album Reviews
The Dare — What’s Wrong With New York? 
4-5 Stars
A hedonistic pop bible.
 4th September 2024
 Listen now
Having just produced the Billie Eilish and Charli XCX collab ​‘Guess’, he’s having one hell of a brat summer.
 7th August 2024
Get the best of DIY to your inbox each week.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top