By MONIQUE FRIEDLANDER FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:29, 16 May 2024   |  Updated:  01:06, 16 May 2024   
View  comments
Kyle Sandilands found himself in an awkward moment live on-air during an interview with Billie Eilish on Thursday's Kyle And Jackie O Show. 
The shock jock, 52, and co-host Jackie 'O' Henderson, 49, welcomed the American pop star, 22, onto the show to promote her new Hit Me Hard And Soft album, but things went awry when Kyle gave Billie an innocent complement. 
'I've never said this to a woman before, but they're some amazing eyebrows. I can't stop looking at the eyebrows,' Kyle told Billie, who had been chatting to the radio hosts via video link. 
'I was thinking the same. Yeah, they're very good,' Jackie agreed. 
Kyle proceeded to joke that Jackie's eyebrows resembled the McDonald's logo because she plucked them so much in the nineties. 
Kyle Sandilands, 52, (left) found himself in an awkward moment live on-air during an interview with Billie Eilish, 22, (right) on Thursday's Kyle And Jackie O Show after he complemented the pop star's eyebrows 
'Pamela Anderson had them really thin and we all followed suit. Now we're paying the price,' Jackie laughed. 
However Billie didn't seem to find the quip funny, instead questioning Kyle whether he would have paid the same complement to a man.  
'Wait, so are you out here telling men their eyebrows are awesome?' she asked.
Kyle joked that Jackie's eyebrows resembled the McDonald's logo because she plucked them so much in the nineties
Billie didn't seem to find the quip funny, asking him: 'But you've never said to a woman their eyebrows are awesome?'
Jackie jumped in to defend her longtime co-host and friend, telling the What Was I Made For? hitmaker: 'Yeah, we're big on eyebrows here.' 
'I do say that, I do say [complements about] the eyebrows,' Kyle interjected.
Billie didn't seem convinced, as she once again asked him: 'But you've never said to a woman their eyebrows are awesome?' 
'I've never said to a woman... because I don't like to...,' stammered Kyle, before finally blurting out a rather backhanded complement. 
'You're on a giant screen here so your eyebrows are the size of a small car up on this wall. And they're bloody lovely,' he said, before hastily wrapping up the interview. 
'You're on a giant screen here so your eyebrows are the size of a small car up on this wall. And they're bloody lovely,' he said, before hastily wrapping up the interview

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group