After three weeks of delays and a moment of near catastrophe, Manchester's Co-op Live Arena will finally open to the public tonight with Elbow playing a homecoming show. And for the boss of the vast £400mn (and rising) building, it's time to finally show the world, and Manchester, what it is about to offer.
Defiant Oak View Group chief executive Tim Leiweke says it's now time to "stop the kicking and start appreciating" what the huge new entertainment venue will bring to the city.
The venue has faced a barrage of criticism over delays to its opening, rescheduling of shows and chaos when part of the air conditioning unit fell from the roof ahead of the May 1 gig with A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie.
READ MORE: Live updates from opening of Co-op Live with Elbow performing homecoming gig
But Mr Leiweke is now hoping to silence the critics. He hailed the 120 gigs and events already booked in at the venue across its opening year, and says the benefits for the entire Manchester economy from the arena opening will be "huge".
He told the M.E.N. : "I think people should stop kicking and start appreciating what we have here, and the impact it’s going to create for Manchester.
"People who want to kick it, kick it. But we’ve shut up, we’ve spent the past three weeks getting the building ready, and now we open up tonight and I think we will have long term success.
"We have 120 events in our first year, 120 events already booked. We sold 70,000 tickets last week for Billie Eilish, I don’t hear anyone talking about that, it’s like 'wait a minute, this building is a failure?' We just sold 70,000 tickets for Billie Eilish, Travis Scott sold out in three minutes. Most of those shows wouldn’t be here if it wasn’t for Co-op Live."
He pointed to the venue booking The Eagles to play their final ever shows in May, bringing American mixed martial arts show UFC to Manchester in the summer, and the MTV Awards in November, among the achievements of opening a state-of-the-art new £400mn venue to the city.
He said: “This building will have a greater economic impact than any project in Manchester, period. So when you look at UFC, the MTV Awards, they weren’t coming here if it wasn’t for this building.
"These events would not come to Manchester, and in fact would probably be held in London if it wasn’t for this new building. So the economics of those events for the hotels, the bars, the restaurants, that's the impact people will feel.
"Those five nights of The Eagles? They didn’t go to London, they came here to Manchester. That’s the last five nights in the history of that band performing live in the UK.
"Will it drive the economy here? Yes. That’s what I’m focussed on. Are we frustrated, sorry and apologetic for the last three weeks? Yes, but this building is going to last 30-40 years and it's the most expensive building ever built outside of the United States and we built it privately."
He hit out at "unflattering headlines" about the venue, including those in the MEN, and negative comments from the public over recent weeks. But says it will not dull his own enthusiasm for the project.
He said: "These three weeks will not define us, the next 15 years will.
He added: "There’s an old saying, there are some people who want to be in the parade, some people who want to lead the parade and some want to pee on the parade. I choose to ultimately have parades - because I believe they’re a good thing. That’s what we’re doing."
Mr Leiweke said the aim of the new arena was to make "Manchester a top three city" again for music gigs. He claimed: "Manchester used to be a top three, top four and now you’ve dropped down to 25 in the Pollstar Charts.
"This new building is going to get more events, more big events, that's a fact.
"So why do we kick it [Co-op Live]? Why do we want to bring it through the mud, when in fact economically we are now bringing events back to Manchester."
He denied reports that bosses were given warnings in February that the building wasn’t ready. He said: "That’s not true. The fact is, two weeks ago we were ready, and then the air filter happened."
Mr Leiweke says thorough checks have now been made to the roof after part of the air conditioning unit fell off during the sound check ahead of the A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie opening gig on May 1. Ticketholders who were queuing outside to get in were told the gig was off just minutes before they were due inside.
He insists gig-goers can have every confidence that it's now the "most checked venue in history" after the incident which he said was isolated to one faulty valve. He admits that if the valve had fallen off even 15 minutes later "something catastrophic could have happened."
But he said of the venue now: "It’s the most analysed, scrutinised, over-analyzed, and double engineered and checked bolts in the history of the construction industry and again it’s painful, it’s hard for us, it’s expensive for us.
"I know people are upset at that, but I was not going to open the building until we went up and looked at every bolt, every nut at every one of those 95 and have a third party engineer tell us they were ok. It’s just life safety and you just can’t rush that.
"So am I sorry about the extra two weeks? Yes, very, very apologetic. I know we altered lives and confused schedules but there was no way that we were going to open without looking at every nut and bolt on those air shafts."
He thanked the AO Arena for taking on the Take That gigs from Co-op Live over the past week. He said: "I’m very appreciative of the AO helping us out on those five dates, that was important, I didn’t want to cancel those dates so that worked out well." He adds: "We were lucky that the building wasn’t busy over there, so that’s a good thing."
He pointed to the fact that he used to run AEG, the former operators of the arena, when it was known as the MEN Arena. It was when he first fell in love with Manchester.
He said: "That's why we’re here, I love Manchester. This is the largest single private investment in an arena ever made anywhere outside of North America - that’s a compliment back to Manchester that’s a good thing.
"I wouldn’t do that if we weren’t in love with this city. So I know that building [AO Arena], especially in the early days, was a top five arena in the world. We intend for this building to be a top five arena building in the world again and put Manchester back to where I think it should be, which is one of the best selling live entertainment markets in the world and I think we’re heading there."
Mr Leiweke, who lives in Southern California in the US, has been based at the Dakota Hotel in Manchester for the past three months while works have been completed at the arena. He says he has walked to work every day along the £3million new walkway to the arena, which boasts a new Manchester mural, bee sculpture and huge M.
He's been actively involved at every stage with the arena, so much so he says he even personally went around the building last night to check the toilets are all working. He's averaging 20,00 steps a day he says as he makes his way around the labyrinth of passageways around the arena.
He said: "I went around yesterday to check the toilets (376 will be open tonight - almost twice as many as the 02 he says), and I was going and checking every stall. There were three stalls that didn’t have toilet roll dispensers."
Last night he also took the opportunity to take construction workers and their families on a tour of the arena too. He said: "I was showing them different parts of the building. The wife of one construction worker was in tears she said “I’m just so proud of what he’s done here” and I said “you should be”. There was an electrician who has been working for two years on this building.
"This is personal for people - they’ve got their blood, sweat and tears in this building here. I’m very defensive on behalf of the 10,000 people who built this arena because I think they built the best arena I’ve ever seen internationally, and they’re proud of it.
"So yeah, we get frustrated, we want to do well, we’re not trying to screw up we’re wanting to do something fantastic for Manchester and we want everyone to be proud of this building. Has it been a frustrating three weeks? Yes. But we have 1,000 people that work here tonight in this building and they’re excited, because it means we finally get a chance to put our best foot forward."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.