I was sitting alone and naked in front of a full-length mirror in my bedroom with a vibrator beside me. 
Any second, my lover would be video calling me so that I could play with myself while he watched.
Safe to say, I was on edge. 
I felt vulnerable and, as this was my first time being able to see myself masturbating, I worried that I’d be too distracted by my body hang-ups to fully enjoy myself.
It was a moment I was reminded of yesterday as I read Billie Eilish’s interview in Rolling Stone.
But like Billie – who talks candidly about how sex and self-pleasure has been a ‘huge help’ in helping her cope with ‘extreme body issues and dysmorphia’ – I soon discovered touching myself in front of a mirror to be a great tool in helping me reframe how I viewed my figure.
In fact, after watching my arms and legs move in sync to the vibrations from my toy, I was suddenly overwhelmed by how sexy I felt.
Prior to this point, I had only ever used mirrors during sex and usually for the other person’s benefit, not my own.
Love reading juicy stories like this? Need some tips for how to spice things up in the bedroom? 
Sign up to The Hook-Up and we'll slide into your inbox every week with all the latest sex and dating stories from Metro. We can't wait for you to join us!
For instance, there was one occasion when, mid-sex, a man I was casually sleeping with asked me to stand in front of a mirror while we did it doggystyle. 
It sounds hot and to some degree it was, but it also felt performative. He had probably seen something similar in porn and wanted to make the fantasy a reality.
That moment wasn’t about me or appreciating my body, it was about him.
In contrast, although I’ve only done it a few times, masturbating with a mirror has always been completely empowering.
Admittedly, when my lover first suggested incorporating toys and a reflective surface, I hesitated. A strange, uncomfortable feeling bubbling up inside of me. And for the first minute or two, I shied away from both my reflection and the camera.
However, with gentle encouragement from my lover, I finally decided to look myself right in the eye, sex toy in hand, and I felt incredible.
‘Looking at yourself in the mirror and thinking “I look really good right now” is so helpful,’ Billie said in the article, and she is completely right.
In that moment any lingering embarrassment I felt about my body melted away. 
After this first instance I found myself drawn to the mirror more. I haven’t picked up a handheld one as such, I’ve occasionally glanced in the mirror by my bed while masturbating and it’s elevated my experience.
I have taken a closer look at my vulva too (she’s very pretty) – every woman should.
Like Billie, I have always loved a good solo wank – it’s one of my favourite activities and I still continue to do it several times a week. But I enjoy having that time to explore my body in the mirror even more. 
Running my hands down my sides, studying the curve of my breasts and watching as my body responds is not only mesmerising but revelatory. 
Masturbation is a bloody amazing way to discover pleasure on your terms. And it is such a breath of fresh air when a celebrity with a platform like Billie’s talks openly about this ‘taboo topic’. It helps normalise these kinds of conversations.
In fact, in the article, she mentions how you can make things more comfortable by manufacturing the environment to your liking.
Selecting a light setting that you find more flattering, putting on your favourite music or wearing something that turns you on, involving a mirror or not, will only help your confidence and enhance your pleasure.
You are the director, set the scene as you’d like.
Frankly l like to marvel at my body sometimes. And I think we should all do it more.
If you’re nervous, start by looking at your naked form – all of it – then, once you’ve braved a look, simply touch yourself without any sexual intentions. 
Maybe stroke the skin of your labia and marvel at how beautiful you are. Look at your breasts, your arms, your knees – take all of it in.
Then, when you’re ready, take the next step (if you want to).
Because, you see, the mirror is not the point. Loving and enjoying your body is.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Think you know your bra size? This lingerie pro says you’re probably wrong
From embroidered napkins to makeup brushes – here's everything a shopping expert is buying
Calling all brides as Lily & Roo have just launched the most gorgeous wedding jewellery
Rest your head after the marathon with Simba’s best-selling mattress
So, to borrow the words of the great Billie Eilish, ‘People should be jerking it, man’. 
Do you have a story you’d like to share? Get in touch by emailing jess.austin@metro.co.uk. 
Share your views in the comments below.
Arrow
MORE: Migrant deaths in the Channel show how heartless the Tories are
Arrow
MORE: Like Baby Reindeer’s Donny I was stalked. This is what it feels like
Arrow
MORE: ‘Dickmorphia’ could be affecting millions of men around the world
Metro's hottest newsletter, with juicy stories and tips for spicing things up in the bedroom. 18+

			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Metro's hottest newsletter, with juicy stories and tips for spicing things up in the bedroom. 18+

			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy