“Four more years. Pause,” said Biden, 81 in a face palm moment.
Hello Anchorman 3
Read more at NY Post.
“The Arizona Supreme Court said this is the law of Arizona. But unfortunately, the people running our state have said we’re not going to enforce it,” Lake told the Idaho Dispatch
This lake is polluted
Read more at MSNBC
The left no longer believes in intersectionality. The bad guys are now the west/colonizers, and for some reason, the west is embracing this hatred of itself. 
It’s really fun that you live long long enough to see everything come full circle.
Read more at Telegraph.com.
The NFL player said he totally “bought” the pop star’s devastated reaction to the well-executed gag.
She’s already Taylor Swift and she’s only 14.
Read more at huffpost.
Everyone agrees its  obvious that he was paid to post tweets naming six different Saudi soccer clubs and tagging Prince Abdullah Bin Mosaad.
“I had a nice time visiting Saudi Arabia and learned a lot about the original Saudi culture and society,” Watson said. “And I enjoyed watching Al-Nassar, Al-Al-Wali and Al-Hilal, Al-Zaim, and I heard a lot about the singing of Al-Ahly fans and Al-Ittihad.
He just got a check for 136 million and still  needs to make a little extra on the side as an influencer 
Read more at Mediaite
Tiger Woods has received an email from Sawgrass HQ informing him that he will receive up to $100 million in equity for staying loyal to the PGA Tour, in other words not going to the Saudi LIV league.
And he has to give away 50 million of it for not staying loyal to his wife 
Read more at telegraph
Andy Martino of SNY reported Wednesday that the league considered it a “bad ejection.”
Who needs rumors. We all saw it.
Read more at Bleacher Report
He wants to help the movie so much that he admits he leaned into Sydney Sweeney dating rumors to promote it.
Yeah we know dude we didn’t fall for it. 
Read more at pagsix.
https://pagesix.com/2024/04/24/entertainment/glen-powell-leaned-into-sydney-sweeney-dating-rumors-to-promote-anyone-but-you/
She was spotted posing with a champagne glass.  We haven’t seen much of her after she moved and changed her name. 
We’d rather see her pooping on a bed.
Read more at boredpanda.
“I thought everybody wanted this,” Stiller said on David Duchovny’s podcast Fail Better (via People). “And then it’s like, ‘Wow, I must have really f***ed this up. Everybody didn’t go to it. And it’s gotten these horrible reviews.”
This is what happens when you believe tweets. 
Read more at deadline.
In the new Hulu docuseries ‘Thank You, Goodnight: The Bon Jovi Story,’ he says the world was shocked when he and his high school sweetheart (still married) ran off to Vegas to get married.
Yeah they were shocked. Kind of ruined that tiger beat cover.
Read more at people.
Her sons basketball opponents tried to get into his head by passing around nudes of his mom.
Teach your kid to answer back “your fat mom never got an offer to take her clothes off.”
Raed more at pagesix.
She says, ‘I Wanted My Face in a Vagina’
That’s perfect.
Read more at TMZ
https://www.tmz.com/2024/04/24/billie-eilish-sexuality-wanted-face-vagina-masturbation/
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.