By RUSS WEAKLAND and NOLA OJOMU and EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:01, 16 August 2024   |  Updated:  22:54, 16 August 2024   
 11
View  comments
Comedian Perry Kurtz's devastated friends have revealed the TV star had been happily singing Billie Eilish songs at karaoke just two nights before he was struck by a car in a hit-and-run on Thursday evening.
The 73-year-old - who had appeared on America's Got Talent and The Tonight Show with Jay Leno - was travelling between gigs when he was killed, his daughter Zelda Velazquez confirmed in a heartbreaking social media post on Friday.
Now insiders close to the late comic have shared their shock and heartbreak with DailyMail.com as they recalled the star's final days - as well as his plans to audition once again for AGT.     
'This past Tuesday while he was out doing Karaoke, he was talking about how he was looking forward to auditioning for AGT again,' the source revealed. 'He was looking forward to doing stand up and also had a few shows lined up at senior communities in the next few months.'
The insider explained that Eilish's smash hit, Bad Guy, was his preferred backing track while having fun at karaoke bars.
Comedian Perry Kurtz was looking forward to upcoming gigs and enjoying time at karaoke bars with friends days before he died, aged 73, after he was struck by a car in a hit-and-run
'He would always free style rap and dance and perform over Billie Eilish's Bad Guy track during karaoke and not sing the actual lyrics and add his humor that would always delve into being a little raunchy but always funny,' they continued.
Kurtz had a close friendship with Robin Williams, who he opened for - before the star's death in 2014. 
He used to delight companions with 'stories for days' about the late comic, and was 'always chasing his next career goal and how to make people laugh and be on TV.'
They added: 'Though tragic the way he went, he would be loving everyone talking about him right now.'
The insider also stressed how devoted Kurtz was as a father, stating: 'The screensaver of his phone had a picture of his daughter, and every time you'd talk to him he would always ask you how you were doing and always brag in a great way about his daughter and what she was getting into. He really loved being a dad.'
TMZ confirmed that Kurtz was killed in Tarzana, LA, after a collision at around 11:30pm on Thursday involving a gray Honda Civic.
The Los Angeles Fire Department pronounced the victim dead at the scene.
Police have arrested an 18-year-old suspect - named as Naithon James - on suspicion of felony hit-and-run causing death, per FOXLA.
Insiders close to the late comic have shared their shock and heartbreak with DailyMail.com as they recalled the star's final days and the career plans he had for the future
The star is pictured with James Corden on The Late Late Show in 2018
Kurtz was killed in an incident in Tarzana, LA, after a collision around 11:30pm on Thursday by a gray Honda Civic 
Officials with the Los Angeles Police Department said Kurtz was crossing the street at Ventura Boulevard and Melvin Avenue, when a car driven by the teen hit him.
Kurtz was identified as the victim on Friday morning.
James was arrested after a witness contacted authorities an hour after the crash due to seeing the suspect's vehicle  'oddly parked with a broken windshield.'
The vehicle matched the description of the car caught on security cameras running over Kurtz. 
Kurtz appeared on season 8 of America's Got Talent in 2006 where he rapped about the judges - but received three 'Nos'.
In 2018 he appeared on James Corden's The Late Late Show where he shocked the audience by playing an instrument with his tongue.
Kurtz is pictured with Jay London and Ice House booker Jan Smith in 2012
Kurtz - pictured with Dana Carvey - was travelling between gigs when he was killed - his daughter Zelda Valesquez confirmed in a heartbreaking social media post
Kurtz began his career in the 1970s with gigs at comedy clubs in LA and New York City and went on to open for Williams. 
Kurtz performed his final show in Los Angeles this week - with a video of his performance posted to his account on Thursday - hours before his death.
His agent, Dante Rusciolelli paid tribute to Kurtz in a statement to the New York Post, which read: 'Golden Artists Entertainment and myself are personally devastated by this news. Perry was not only a client, he’s been my friend since 1987. 
'He has been a staple in the Los Angeles comedy community for decades and will be greatly missed. Our prayers are with his family.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group