ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 09: Billie Eilish attends the 92nd Annual Academy Awards at ... More Hollywood and Highland on February 09, 2020 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic)
Billie Eilish’s latest album, Hit Me Hard and Soft, arrived on the Billboard charts less than a month ago. The singer decided not to share any songs from the project ahead of the full-length dropping, instead choosing to select the title’s singles once the collection was out in the world.
The superstar has thus far picked two tunes to serve as singles from Hit Me Hard and Soft. While both of them have performed well and become hits on the weekly charts, it’s clear that fans in the U.S. have selected something very different as their current favorite from the project.
“Birds of a Feather” is on the rise on the Billboard charts, as Americans can’t stop listening to the tune. The cut is featured on Hit Me Hard and Soft, and though it has yet to be promoted as a proper single, the public seems to have spoken with their listening habits.
This week, “Birds of a Feather” rises to a new peak on nine Billboard charts. The tune is quickly becoming one of the biggest hits from Eilish’s new album, despite the fact that it is apparently not receiving the same level of promotion as singles like “Lunch” and “Chihiro” already have.
Perhaps most importantly, it looks like “Birds of a Feather” is about to crack the top 10 on the Hot 100. This frame, the song improves from No. 12 to No. 11, which stands as its best showing yet. At the rate it’s climbing, it may soon give the singer another appearance inside the highest tier on the ranking of the most-consumed tracks in the country.
“Birds of a Feather” sits inside the top 10 on seven of the nine Billboard charts it flies on. In addition to the Hot 100, the only list on which it fails to reach the top tier is the Digital Song Sales ranking. On that purchase-focused roster, Eilish’s popular cut returns, reaching a new high point of No. 18 in its second frame on the tally.
At the moment, “Birds of a Feather” stands as Eilish’s loftiest placement on the Hot 100. The two actual singles from Hit Me Hard and Soft both sit below it, which is a bit surprising. “Lunch” declines to No. 13 from No. 10 after once peaking at No. 5. “Chihiro,” meanwhile, slips to No. 21 from No. 16.