V’s New Music Friday picks for the third week of May 
V’s New Music Friday picks for the third week of May 
The third week of May is full of new releases from our favorite artists – most notably the Grammy-and-Oscar-winning superstar Billie Eilish’s highly-anticipated third studio album HIT ME HARD AND SOFT. ZAYN is also back with his fourth full-length project, while Charlotte Cardin released her latest EP. Indie pop rising stars Sadie Jean and Maude Latour are also back with new releases. Add these tracks and more to your playlist this weekend!
For the first time, Billie Eilish’s latest album includes no singles – all ten tracks were released at the same time, as she wanted to give the ten tracks to her fans “all at once.” Upon listening to HIT ME HARD AND SOFT, it’s clear her decision paid off – each song flows together seamlessly and the album is the perfect length. With standout tracks like the irresistible “BIRDS OF A FEATHER” and the devastating “SKINNY,” Eilish carefully crafts a world for listeners to immerse themselves in her best work to date.
Multi Platinum-selling artist ZAYN is back with his highly-anticipated fourth studio album ROOM UNDER THE STAIRS, which he spent six years writing and crafting at his home studio in rural Pennsylvania. The project marks his most personal and genre-bending release to date, leaning into soulful vocals, live instrumentation, and poetic lyricism. The release is accompanied by the music video for the album’s lead single “Stardust.”
Led by A24, a full compilation tribute album for Talking Heads titled Everyone’s Getting Involved: A Tribute To Talking Heads’ Stop Making Sense has finally arrived. The project celebrates the 40th anniversary of Talking Heads’ 1984 concert film, Stop Making Sense. The cover album features new renditions of the band’s biggest tracks, including the ever-iconic “Psycho Killer” by Miley Cyrus with her own special Miley flair.
Canadian singer-songwriter Charlotte Cardin’s latest EP A Week in Nashville contains three tracks co-written and produced with Tofer Brown (Elle King, Keith Urban) and Gabe Simon (Noah Kahan, Lana Del Rey) and delves into heartbreak, loss, and growth while showcasing Cardin’s confessional lyricism and powerful vocal range. 
Gold-certified alternative-pop songstress Sadie Jean is back with the release of the deluxe version of her fan-favorite EP Simple Like 17 with three brand-new tracks. Among them, the standout track “Shut Up About It,” a collaboration with Caroline Pennell (Gracie Abrams, Selena Gomez, Demi Lovato), delivers a cleverly-relatable anthem.
Breakout star Maude Latour’s latest single from her upcoming debut album due this summer is here. The album will proceed her tour alongside FLETCHER this fall, and catchy, upbeat single “Cursed Romantics” follows Latour’s previous similarly-hyperpop single “Too Slow.”
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!