They chest can’t get enough of this throwback swag. 
Flashing a little cleavage in everyday wear? As if! 
At least that seems to be the sentiment of the stylish tastemakers behind the “sweater vest” trend — a revival of the 1990s preppy top arising as the hottest fashion movement this cold season.
“[It’s] officially sweater vest weather,” raved Jenny, a NYC-based fashionista from the West Village, rocking a rose pink knitted number from ready-to-wear designer Ganni, on TikTok. 
But the reawakened yuppie look isn’t just resonating with voguish vixens online. 
The VIP likes of Sabrina Carpenter, Jennifer Lopez and Billie Eilish are vibing with it, too. 
Just as Hailey Beiber and Rihanna helmed the resurgence of the “ugly” preppy polo shirt this summer — collared, luxe label togs originally worn as snooty status symbols during the early-aughts — “It” girls of the day are breathing new life into the sweater vest craze. 
It’s an elegant, yet sporty swag rooted in “tenniscore” swank and nostalgic “Clueless” fashion fandom.  
officially sweater vest weather  #ganni #gannigirl #style #fashion #ootd #nyc @GANNI 
Carpenter, 25, sported the sleeveless knitwear as she strutted the streets of NYC for a night on the town amid her busy “Short N’ Sweet” tour schedule last month. 
Native New Yorker J.Lo, 55, also recently slayed sweater vest chicness. 
The “Jenny From the Block” belle oozed autumnal urbanity in a gray V-neck topper, paired with a white and gray striped button-down shirt and hoop earrings, while wowing her more than 250 million Instagram fans. 
Model Cara Delevingne, 32, did the Miu Miu dinner party in a beige, yellow and brown sweater vest during Paris Fashion Week.
Elsewhere across the pond, Chloë Grace Moretz, 27, served up a similarly sophisticated glow while attending the Haider Ackermann + FILA show in London. 
But Billie Eilish, 22, unwittingly set the tone for the fashion frenzy of the year when she stunned with smart, schoolgirl pizzazz on the red carpet of the SAG Awards at the top of 2024. 
The “Bad Guy” singer stole the show in a see-thru sweater vest, layered atop a crisp white button-up top and a black necktie — another ’90 staple that’s resurfacing as a modish must-have, thanks to A-listers such as Bella Hadid and Zendaya.  
The “Happier Than Ever” songstress defended her funky fashion choices, calling critics “fools” for questioning her quirky couture. 
Advertisement