Grande's 'Eternal Sunshine' arrives on March 8.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Billie Eilish is just as excited about Ariana Grande’s upcoming album as the rest of us.

	While chatting with CBS Mornings on the Grammy Awards red carpet on Sunday (Feb. 4), the star revealed that she’ll be releasing new music “soon,” but she’s waiting on Grande to release her seventh album, Eternal Sunshine, on March 8. “Let Ariana put her s— out, enjoy that,” she joked. “That’s all I’m waiting for. I’m sitting like [looks at watch], ‘OK, so, girl, send me please.’ Then, eventually, our stuff will happen.”

	See the moment here.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Eilish was a winner yet again at the awards ceremony, winning song of the year for “What Was I Made For? [From The Motion Picture Barbie].” The song won best song written for visual media earlier this evening. It also earned nominations for record of the year, best pop solo performance and best music video. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	“That’s stupid guys,” Eilish said during her acceptance speech. “That was a crazy list of incredible people, incredible artists, incredible music. I feel crazy right now. I’m shocked out of my balls. Thank you to the members of the Recording Academy, thank you to my brother who’s my best friend in the world and makes me the person that I am today.”

	“We’re so lucky. We just continue to be just deeply, deeply privileged, lucky people. And it’s hard to feel deserving ever, but we certainly don’t right now,” added Finneas. “We’re very humble, and we’re very grateful. Thank you so much.”

	Eilish also thanked Greta Gerwig for making “the best movie of the year” with Barbie.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.