Getty (2)
Actress Dakota Johnson‘s romance with Coldplay frontman Chris Martin has been so private that fans ​often wonder if they are still together. Over more than six years together, they’ve never walked a red carpet, and have only been photographed in each other’s presence a handful of times.
Dakota and Chris started dating in 2017, more than three years after his “conscious uncoupling” from ex-wife Gwyneth Paltrow. The Iron Man actress is a total fan of her former husband’s partner, as she’s gushed in the press about Dakota more than Chris himself has.
“I love her,” Gwyneth shared about Dakota in the February 2020 issue of Harper’s Bazaar. “I can see how it would seem weird because it’s sort of unconventional. But I think, in this case, just having passed through it iteratively, I just adore her.”
In an interview for the February 2022 issue of Elle UK, the 50 Shades of Grey confessed, “We’ve been together for quite a while, and we go out sometimes. But we both work so much that it’s nice to be at home and be cozy and private.”
The couple often host their entertainment industry friends for gatherings at their home on Malibu’s point dume. “Most of the partying takes place inside my house,” Dakota revealed.
The two were spotted hand in hand during a sushi date in May 2022. Chris and Dakota seemed blissful and in love while filling their stomachs at Sushi Park in West Hollywood, California.
The British singer has also made his presence in Dakota’s life known in several videos. In March 2020, shortly after COVID-19 home lockdowns began, Dakota did a hilarious Instagram tutorial on how to properly wash one’s hands in front of her kitchen sink. But the arms and hands shown in the video were Chris’, as he stood behind her off camera and put his limbs in the frame.
Chris made hilarious gestures as Dakota tried to keep from bursting out laughing, as she ad-libbed along to his over-the-top handwashing and countertop drenching antics. The video proved how fun and adorable the pair are together without having to even show Chris’ face.
The “Sky Full of Stars” singer was there to play AV tech when Dakota did a virtual discussion with the team behind the film Cha Cha Real Smooth for the Sundance Film Festival in January 2022. Her video screen popped in at the last minute after an apparent technical difficulty, and showed Chris seated next to Dakota, helping fix whatever had gone wrong. The pair smiled and burst out laughing, as the musician then got up and left the room, flashing the peace sign on the way out and letting Dakota go about her work.
Dakota and Chris are seemingly still doing well in their love bubble. The Madame Web actress was seen with the musician and his son, Moses, whom he shares with Gwen, in Naples in June 2023. Dakota was spotted blowing her man a kiss as he caught her eye from the stage.
In December 2023, an insider exclusively told Life & Style that Chris is “able to lift” Dakota’s “spirits with his humor and wisdom.”
“When she’s feeling down, she can count on him being there. They talk things out,” the insider gushed. “He’ll even go to therapy with her if she wants. He cares that much.”
While Chris rarely speaks about his romance with Dakota, he credited her for his band’s partnership with Subpac during a July 2022 appearance on CBS Mornings. 
“My partner, she said, ‘I got you a Christmas present, a Subpac,’” he said. “She said, ‘It’s like what Finneas [O’Connell] wears on stage when he’s with Billie [Eilish].’ And it vibrates, so it’s useful for someone like Finneas to hear where the one is on the bass drum.”
The Black Mass actress opened up about her desire to keep her relationship private — attributing it to her upbringing as the daughter of two celebrities — during an interview for the cover of Vanity Fair’s July/August 2022 issue. “Maybe I think about relationships like that differently because I grew up in my family,” she said.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: