Billie Eilish said being "obsessed" with the one-size clothing brand Brandy Melville led her to develop a "whole world of body problems" during her tween years.
Billie Eilish is done being a fashion copycat.
While reflecting on her ever-evolving style, the "Birds of a Feather" singer shared that a past teenage obsession with the one-size clothing brand Brandy Melville led her to develop self-image issues.
"What's really interesting is that when I was a little girl, I loved big dresses," Billie—whose baggy clothing has become part of her signature look—told Complex in an interview published Dec. 5. "All I wore was fairy dresses and skirts. I never wore pants or shorts when I was a little kid."
She continued, "But when I got to be about 11, I got obsessed with this brand called Brandy Melville. And they only sold clothes in one size. I was chubbier and I was obsessed with these clothes, but I'd buy a shirt and it wouldn't fit me."
Explaining how she was "developing really early" at the time, Billie, now 22, noted that was "when my body problems started."
"I wasn't slim," she shared. "Also, I was in ballet, and that's this whole world of body problems."
Billie then turned to loose-fitting clothes to "feel comfortable in my body and not feel tied to how my body looks."
"I didn't want my body to be part of my outfit," she added. "I wanted my outfit to be my outfit, and my body happens to be inside it."
As for why she pivoted to a more feminine style when she released her 2021 album Happier Than Ever? According to Billie, it was her way to "prove a point" and push back against critics' claims that she "doesn't look like a girl."
"So of course, classic me, I had to go with the completely extreme version of it," the Grammy winner noted. "I couldn't just, like, wear a skirt once. I had to completely reverse everything and be this girly girl for a second and have these pink nails, blonde hair, skirts, dresses, button-ups, bras and lingerie."
She added, "I was just like, 'F--k you guys. I can do whatever I want. And then I can go back to what I was doing before, and you guys can eat it.'"
And while Billie admitted that her wardrobe makeover was "a little extreme," she doesn't regret that chapter of her life. As she put it, "I feel really grateful for it."
Keep reading to see Billie's fashion evolution.
What She Was Made For
Billie Eilish was dressed to impress in Chanel at the 2024 Oscars, where she won the award for Best Original Song.
Back in Black
The Grammy winner paid tribute to late fashion designer Karl Lagerfeld with an all-black look from Simone Rocha at the 2023 Met Gala.
Going Goth
Seamlessly blending her gothic style with Hollywood glamour, Billie wore a black, off-shoulder Gucci dress featuring layers of frill and a dramatic train to the 2022 Oscars.
Gilded Glamour
Billie leaned into the "gilded glamour" dress code at the 2022 Met Gala, rocking a corset gown from Gucci.
Sheer Genius
The "Ocean Eyes" artist dared to bare in a see-through look at the 2021 LACMA Art+Film Gala.
Blonde Moment
Billie ushered in her Happier Than Ever era in 2021 by revamping her wardrobe, including dyeing her hair blonde. She even had a Cinderella moment—complete with a pink Oscar de la Renta ball gown—at the Met Gala that year.
For the 2020 Academy Awards, Billie wore head-to-toe Chanel with a beautiful quilted jacket and matching trousers. Lightly decorated with sporadic Chanel logos, the singer finished the look with black and white sneakers and matching gloves. 
Combining a few of her signature themes for 2020, Billie sported accents of lime green under an oversized Gucci ensemble for the 62nd Grammy Awards. Unique to the look is her patterned mask and long green fingernails.
Anything but ordinary, the "Lovely" singer really stood out at the 2019 American Music Awards wearing Burberry's iconic tartan with a hood of sparkling gems covering her face. Down to a matching pair of plaid shoes, Billie came through looking regal and modern!
All designer everything. Billie sported a rainbow Louis Vuitton outfit to promote the launch of her Billie Eilish Experience presented by Spotify in 2019. The full coverage extended to a matching bucket hat and face covering—duh!
For Radio 1's Big Weekend in 2019, Billie rocked her go-to shirt and short combo in lime green, but this time, it was decorated with different artistic renditions of her name. Paired perfectly with combat boots and shades, Billie brought the house down.
Billie opted for a classic white tee with an oversized jersey and matching shorts for the Austin City Limits Festival at Zilker Park in 2019. Paired with a thick silver chain and details of her signature light green, Billie owned this chic 'fit.
On her way to the Vanity Fair after-party at the 92nd Academy Awards, the singer stopped to strike a pose in an all-black Gucci ensemble with lace details under an oversized black t-shirt and pant set. If the matching shades don't say it all, her pose certainly does.
Great in Gucci
At the 2020 Billboard Music Awards, Billie for a monochromatic, brocade two-piece by Gucci—matching bucket hat and face mask to boot!
Making more of a playful, light-hearted nod to childhood nostalgia, Billie wore the three iconic Powerpuff Girl characters on a vest and matching pants to the 36th annual ASCAP Pop Music Awards. 
Who ever said a track suit could be boring? Billie attended the Universal Music Group's 2020 Grammy after-party in an incredible Gucci track suit with an iconic pair of sneakers and bold sunglasses to match. If that's not enough, her green nails added a finishing touch.
For the Glastonbury Festival in 2019, Billie wore an ensemble from Stella McCartney's Yellow Submarine-inspired collection. Making a reference to the 1968 Beatles cartoon film, the Blue Meanies are music-hating beings, so they are perfect for concert attire.
Seeing Lime
In September 2019, the singer stepped out in New York City wearing her signature, neon green color from head to toe. Completely matching the roots of her hairstyle, Billie styles herself with intention. 
In 2019, Billie attended the iHeartRadio Music Awards sporting an all black ensemble with two depictions of the lead character from Sailor Moon. Pairing the look with several layered cross necklaces and black, chunky sneakers, Billie owned the runway.
While performing at the American Music Awards in 2019, Billie sang a rendition of her hit song "all the good girls go to hell" while sporting a black matching t-shirt and short set covered in red, sparkling flames. The only thing hotter than her translucent sunglasses featured up top is her fire tune. 
Billie transcended time and space in this lime green look at the CBS Radio We Can Survive concert in 2019. Even with an injury, Billie knows how to give a performance!
To attend the Brit Awards in 2020, Billie aptly picked this Burberry look, a nod to the U.K.-based fashion house. To complete the look, the singer wore a translucent plastic hood in the shape of a bonnet.
Billie opened the 2020 iHeartRadio ALTer EGO concert in an oversized Lil B shirt. Sporting mismatched sneakers and her signature space buns, the singer brought the energy and the look!
Before she was "The Bad Guy," she attended the film premiere of Everything Everything in 2017. Sporting a bold yellow t-shirt and some similar camo pants, Billie did anything but blend in.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.