By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:12, 23 January 2024   |  Updated:  16:51, 23 January 2024   
 37
View  comments
Billie Eilish and Finneas led the stars reacting to their Oscars 2024 nominations on Tuesday morning as they earned a nod in the Best Original Song category.
The 22-year-old singer and her 26-year-old older brother earned their second Academy Awards nod for their track What Was I Made For? which was featured on the soundtrack for blockbuster Barbie.
The two siblings have already won an Oscar once before as they were recognized for the track No Time To Die from the James Bond film of the same name in 2022.
Billie - born Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell - reacted to the news by taking to Instagram to share a snap of herself hugging Margot Robbie with the caption: 'thank you so much to the members of @theacademy for nominating "What Was I Made For?" we are endlessly grateful for this honor and to have been a part of @barbiemthemovie [pink bow emoji]'
The talented star also took to her Instagram Story to share a joint statement from she and her brother Finneas - born Finneas Baird O'Connell - in which they thanked all involved.
Billie Eilish and Finneas led the stars reacting to their Oscars 2024 nominations on Tuesday morning as they earned a nod in the Best Original Song category; the siblings are seen at the Critics Choice Awards last week
Billie - born Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell - reacted to the news by taking to Instagram to share a snap of herself hugging Margot Robbie
The talented star also took to her Instagram Story to share a joint statement from she and her brother Finneas - born Finneas Baird O'Connell - in which they thanked all involved
It read: 'We are so incredibly honored to receive a nomination for "What Was I Made For?" As lifelong fans of film, music in film and the Academy Award, this means everything to us. 
'We are so grateful to the Academy and its members, and to be recognized alongside so many songwriters that we respect and admire. Our deepest gratitude and thanks goes out to the incomparable Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach for their genius vision and execution, the entire Barbie cast and crew, Lucky Chap Entertainment and the Warner Bros. Pictures team.
'Thank you to Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt for weaving our song into the fabric and heart of this film so well. And a special shout out to Margot Robbie for her incredible foresight as a producer and brilliant performance that resonated with us so profoundly when writing this song. We are truly honored. Thank you.' 
She also took part in a short phone-in interview with Good Morning America as she said: 'We are feeling so good and excited and honored. Oh my god, this is crazy. Crazy morning.'
Finneas then chimed in: 'We just woke up at five in the morning in LA so it feels a little bit like we are dreaming.'
The duo will face off against another Barbie song titled I'm Just Ken which was performed by Ryan Gosling and written by Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt as both tracks are up against The Fire Inside from Flamin' Hot, It Never Went Away from American Symphony, and Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People) from Killers of the Flower Moon.
Emma Stone's flick Poor Things earned an impressive 11 nominations including a Best Actress nod for the talented star.
She has won one Oscar in that same category for La La Land back in 2017 and this is her fifth total nomination 
She also took part in a short phone-in interview with Good Morning America as she said: 'We are feeling so good and excited and honored. Oh my god, this is crazy. Crazy morning'
Finneas - born Finneas Baird O'Connell - then chimed in: 'We just woke up at five in the morning in LA so it feels a little bit like we are dreaming'
The two siblings have already won an Oscar once before as they were recognized for the track No Time To Die from the James Bond film of the same name in 2022
The A-lister reacted to the news with a statement released on Tuesday which read: '11 nominations for Poor Things feels like a surreal dream. I am beyond grateful to the Academy for including me as both an actress and producer among this group of exceptional nominees and for recognizing our film in so many categories. 
'Congratulations to Mark, Tony, Robbie, Holly, Blackfish, Nadia & Mark, Jerskin, Shona, James, Szusza, Andrew, Ed, and the captain of our ship, Yorgos Lanthimos on their nominations, as well as Searchlight Pictures and all of those in front of and behind the camera who brought this film to life.'
The 35-year-old actress faces tough competition including Annette Bening - Nyad, Lily Gladstone - Killers of the Flower Moon, Sandra Huller - Anatomy of a Fall, and Carey Mulligan - Maestro. 
She concluded her statement by thanking her character Bella Baxter from the film as well as recognizing her fellow nominees as she said: 'The team of artists who contributed to Poor Things gave it everything and I am forever thankful for the opportunity to play Bella and see the world through her eyes. She has shown me that life is so much more than just sugar and violence. 
'And to Lily, Carey, Sandra, and Annette. It’s the biggest honor just to be in your company.'
Her fellow nominee Annette also released a statement which read: 'I’m thrilled and over the moon with excitement to be nominated for an Academy Award alongside my partner in the film, NYAD, Jodie Foster. Onward!!!'
The Oscar nominations for 2024 were announced from the academy's Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California on Tuesday morning.
As expected, Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer, Greta Gerwig's Barbie and Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon dominated the list.
Emma Stone's flick Poor Things earned an impressive 11 nominations including a Best Actress nod for the talented star; she is seen at the Critics Choice Awards last week
The A-lister (seen as Bella Baxter in Poor Things) reacted to the news with a statement released on Tuesday which read: '11 nominations for Poor Things feels like a surreal dream. I am beyond grateful to the Academy for including me as both an actress and producer among this group of exceptional nominees and for recognizing our film in so many categories
Nolan's three-hour opus came away with a leading 13 nominations, receiving nods for best picture; Nolan's direction; acting nominations for Cillian Murphy, Robert Downey Jr. and Emily Blunt; and multiple honors for the craft of the drama. 
Downey Jr., 58, reacted to his nomination in the Best Supporting Actor category with a statement which read: 'Waking up to all of these nominations for Christopher Nolan and his many talented collaborators is an absolute delight. 
'It’s been the honor of a lifetime to be part of the cinematic masterpiece that is Oppenheimer, and it’s a privilege to be an Academy member nominated alongside such esteemed company.'
Blunt, 40, earned a nomination in the Best Supporting Actress category as she said: 'I’m completely overcome and overjoyed! Weak-legged and immensely grateful for this moment. It goes without saying that this staggering film has changed my life. 
Robert Downey Jr., 58, (seen at the Critics Choice Awards last week) reacted to his nomination in the Best Supporting Actor category with a statement which read: 'Waking up to all of these nominations for Christopher Nolan and his many talented collaborators is an absolute delight'
Emily Blunt, 40, (seen at the Critics Choice Awards last week) earned a nomination in the Best Supporting Actress category as she said: 'I’m completely overcome and overjoyed! Weak-legged and immensely grateful for this moment. It goes without saying that this staggering film has changed my life'
'Colossal congratulations to my OppenHomies who ALL blew the doors off the place in their fields... we are a family in this so to raise a glass alongside my friends is a euphoric feeling indeed.'
Barbie received eight nominations including nods for best picture; Ryan Gosling for best supporting actor; and two best-song candidates. However, Gerwig was left out of the best director category.
For best actor in leading role Bradley Cooper and Cillian Murphy are set to duke it out for the award. Colman Domingo, Paul Giamatti and Jeffrey Wright received nominations as well.
Yorgos Lanthimos' Poor Things took home 11 Oscar nominations and Killers of the Flower Moon landed 10.
Annette Bening, Lily Gladstone, Sandra Huller, Carey Mulligan and Emma Stone have been nominated for best actress in a leading role.
Zazie Beetz and Jack Quaid announced the Oscar nominations for 2024 from the academy's Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, California on Tuesday morning
What Was I Made For and I'm Just Ken from Barbie received their expected nominations for best original song
Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer was nominated for best director and a host of other awards
Lily Gladstone is the first Native American nominated for best actress, for her performance in Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon
Gladstone is the first Native American nominated for best actress, for her performance in Martin Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon.
What Was I Made For and I'm Just Ken from Barbie received their expected nominations for best original song. 
Sterling K. Brown, Robert De Niro, Robert Downey Jr., Ryan Gosling and Mark Ruffalo received nominations for best actor in a supporting role.
Emily Blunt, Danielle Brooks, America Ferrera, Jodie Foster and Da'Vine Joy Randolph received nominations for best actress in a supporting role.
Scorsese's Killers of the Flower Moon and Christopher Nolan's Oppenheimer were nominated for best directing, snubbing Greta Gerwig's Barbie.
Though Nolan is regarded as the big-budget auteur of his era, he's never won an Academy Award, nor have any of his films won best picture. 
American Fiction, Anatomy of a Fall, Barbie, The Holdovers, Killers of the Flower Moon, Maestro, Oppenheimer, Past Lives, Poor Things and The Zone of Interest landed best picture nominations.  
The 96th Academy Awards will be held on March 10 at 7 p.m. live on ABC, hosted for a fourth time by Jimmy Kimmel. 
 Best Picture
American Fiction
Anatomy of a Fall
Barbie
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro
Oppenheimer - WINNER
Past Lives
Poor Things 
The Zone of Interest
Oppenheimer was the biggest winner of the night with seven including top honor Best Picture; Emma Thomas, Christopher Nolan, and Charles Roven are seen 
Best Director 
Justine Triet, Anatomy of a Fall
Martin Scorsese, Killers of the Flower Moon 
Christopher Nolan, Oppenheimer - WINNER
Yorgos Lanthimos, Poor Things
Jonathan Glazer, The Zone of Interest
Actress in a Leading Role
Annette Bening, Nyad
Lily Gladstone, Killers of the Flower Moon
Sandra Huller, Anatomy of a Fall
Carey Mulligan, Maestro
Emma Stone, Poor Things - WINNER
Emma Stone earned a shock win in the Actress in a Leading Role category for Poor Things
Actor in a Leading Role
Bradley Cooper, Maestro
Colman Domingo, Rustin
Paul Giamatti, The Holdovers
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer - WINNER
Jeffrey Wright, American Fiction
Actress in a Supporting Role
Emily Blunt, Oppenheimer
Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple
America Ferrera, Barbie
Jodie Foster, Nyad
Da’Vine Joy Randolph, The Holdovers - WINER 
Da’Vine Joy Randolph triumphed in the Actress in a Supporting Role category for The Holdovers 
Actor in a Supporting Role
Sterling K. Brown, American Fiction
Robert De Niro, Killers of the Flower Moon
Robert Downey Jr., Oppenheimer - WINNER
Ryan Gosling, Barbie
Mark Ruffalo, Poor Things 
Animated Feature Film
The Boy and the Heron - WINNER
Elemental
Nimona
Robot Dreams
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Cinematography
El Conde
Killers of the Flower Moon
Maestro 
Oppenheimer, Hoyte van Hoytema - WINNER
Poor Things
Original Screenplay
Anatomy of a Fall, Justine Triet and Arthur Harari - WINNER 
The Holdovers, David Hemingson
Maestro, Bradley Cooper and Josh Singer
May December, Samy Burch (Story b Samy Burch & Alex Mechanik)
Past Lives, Celine Song
Adapted Screenplay
American Fiction, Cord Jefferson - WINNER
Barbie, Greta Gerwig & Noah Baumbach
Oppenheimer, Christopher Nolan
Poor Things, Tony McNamara
The Zone of Interest, Jonathan Glazer
Cord Jefferson won Adapted Screenplay for American Fiction
Achievement in Production Design
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Napoleon
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Production Design: James Price and Shona Heath; Set Decoration: Zsuzsa Mihalek - WINNER
Achievement in Sound
The Creator
Maestro
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One
Oppenheimer
The Zone of Interest, Tarn Willers and Johnnie Burn - WINNER
Original Song 
'The Fire Inside' from Flamin' Hot
'I'm Just Ken' from Barbie
'It Never Went Away' from American Symphony
'Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)' from Killers of the Flower Moon
'What Was I Made For?' from Barbie, Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell - WINNERS
Billie Eilish and Finneas O'Connell earned Original Song for Barbie's What Was I Made For?
Original Score  
American Fiction
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer, Ludwig Göransson - WINNER
Poor Things
Live Action Short Film
The After
Invincible
Knight of Fortune
Red, White and Blue
The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar, Wes Anderson and Steven Rales - WINNER
Animated Short Film
Letter to a Pig
95 Senses
Our Uniform
Pachyderme
WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John and Yoko - WINNER
WAR IS OVER! Inspired by the Music of John and Yoko won Animated Short Film; Dave Mullins and Brad Booker pictured 
Documentary Feature Film
Bobi Wine: The People's President
The Eternal Memory
Four Daughters
To Kill a Tiger
20 Days in Mariupol - WINNER
Documentary Short Film
The ABCs of Book Banning
The Barber of Little Rock
Island in Between
The Last Repair Shop - WINNER
Nǎi Nai and Wài Pó
International Feature Film
Io Capitano, Italy
Perfect Days, Japan
Society of the Snow, Spain
The Teachers' Lounge, Germany
The Zone of Interest, United Kingdom - WINNER
The Zone Of Interest took home two Oscars including International Feature Film; Jonathan Glazer and James Wilson are pictured 
Makeup and Hairstyling
Golda
Maestro
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Nadia Stacey, Mark Coulier and Josh Weston - WINNER
Society of the Snow 
Achievement in Costume Design
Barbie
Killers of the Flower Moon
Napoleon
Oppenheimer
Poor Things, Holly Waddington - WINNER
Achievement in Film Editing
Anatomy of a Fall
The Holdovers
Killers of the Flower Moon
Oppenheimer, Jennifer Lame - WINNER
Poor Things 
Visual Effects
The Creator
Godzilla Minus One, Takashi Yamazaki, Kiyoko Shibuya, Masaki Takahashi and Tatsuji Nojima  - WINNER
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning Part One
Napoleon
Godzilla Minus One won the Visual Effects award as Masaki Takahashi, Takashi Yamazaki, Kiyoko Shibuya and Tatsuji Nojima are pictured

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group