Rihanna has hinted at her return to music with a collaboration with Grammy-winning singer Billie Eilish.
Although she's one of the best-selling female recording artists of the 21st century, Rihanna last released an album in 2016 and earlier this year said she's "starting over".
The 36-year-old singer alluded to taking a "new perspective" in a previous interview and has now teased with whom this might be. Speaking to Billboard, Rihanna said on Thursday: "If I could only do a song with Billie Eilish. She's so good."
Billie, 22, has won nine Grammy Awards, including two this year for her work on What Was I Made For, the soundtrack to the Barbie film in 2023. It won her Song of the Year and Best Song Written for Visual Media at the glitzy ceremony in Los Angeles in February.
Fans of both artists could see such a collaboration come to fruition as the Barbadian songstress is currently working on her ninth album. It's long awaited as her last, Anti, was released in January 2016, and featured Work, her collab with rapper Drake, which peaked at number two in the UK charts.
Earlier this year, mum-of-two Rihanna told Entertainment Tonight that she was going back to the drawing board after almost completing the new record.
She said: "Yeah, I'm starting over. But I don't want to neglect the songs that I have, so I actually want to go back and listen to stuff with new ears, with my new perspective and then see what applies and what I'm still in love with." 
Rihanna is one of the best-selling recording artists ever, with sales estimated at 250 million units globally. The artist found mainstream recognition following the release of her first two studio albums, Music of the Sun in 2005 and A Girl Like Me in 2006.
But away from music, Rihanna has built a fashion and cosmetic empire with her Fenty fashion and beauty range - which helped her reach billionaire status last year.
Earlier this month, Rihanna fans were left gobsmacked after learning the meaning behind her iconic SOS song. A portion of the verse includes references to A-Ha‘s Take On Me, Cutting Crew’s (I Just) Died in Your Arms Tonight, Tears For Fears's Head Over Heels, Kim Wilde‘s You Keep Me Hangin’ On and Michael Jackson‘s The Way You Make Me Feel - all number-one songs from the 1980s.
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox