By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:15, 11 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:15, 11 February 2024   
 32
View  comments
Billie Eilish and her big brother FINNEAS were honored at the 39th Annual Santa Barbara International Film Festival, which was held at the Arlington Theatre in the seaside California city on Sunday.
The 22-year-old Gucci brand ambassador repped the Italian luxury label in a brown quilted jacket over matching shorts, $220 'GG Cotton Socks with Web,' and $1,150 'Women's Loafer for Horsebit' selected by stylist Andrew Mukamal.
Billie - who gets 67.3M monthly listeners on Spotify - toted the $3,200 'Horsebit 1955 Small Shoulder Bag.'
Eilish wore glasses and covered her head in the $545 'GG-Print with Horsebits Silk Scarf' emblazoned with 'WAS' above another set of words in red.
The nine-time Grammy winner's red-rooted raven locks were scraped into the scarf in such a fashion that it almost looked like hairstylist Jess Gonzalez cut it short.
Billie Eilish and her big brother FINNEAS were honored at the 39th Annual Santa Barbara International Film Festival, which was held at the Arlington Theatre in the seaside California city on Sunday
Meanwhile, the 26-year-old musician wore a $1,895 Dolce & Gabbana 'Silk and Cashmere Polo Shirt' with brown trousers and white loafers.
Billie and FINNEAS (last name O'Connell) were honored with Variety Artisans Awards alongside Kazu Hiro, Rodrigo Prieto, Stephane Ceretti, Jennifer Lame, Holly Waddington, Michael Semanick, Ludwig Göransson, Sarah Greenwood, and Katie Spencer.
Eilish and the 10-time Grammy winner - who were born and raised in LA's Highland Park - employ their parents Maggie Baird and Patrick O'Connell work as her personal assistant/fan-outreach coordinator and utility player.
Saturday marked the fifth anniversary of dating for FINNEAS and YouTuber Claudia Sulewski, whose 'dinner table discussions 5 years in' involved them both declaring: 'Tonight my butthole twinkles as bright as the starry moon.'
Meanwhile, the Swarm actress Instastoried snaps of herself and some pals hanging out in a grass field near a fence covered in graffitti on Saturday.
Billie - who boasts 251.5M social media followers - gave a shout out to the British trip-hop band Portishead when she tagged their 1994 song It Could Be Sweet in her Instastory.
Last Friday, the brother-sister act's sentimental song What Was I Made For was officially certified platinum in the US and the UK.
The superstar siblings won two Grammy Awards on February 4 and a Golden Globe Award on January 7 for the whispery track off the Barbie soundtrack.
The 22-year-old Gucci brand ambassador repped the Italian luxury label in a brown quilted jacket over matching shorts, $220 'GG Cotton Socks with Web,' and $1,150 'Women's Loafer for Horsebit' selected by stylist Andrew Mukamal
Billie - who gets 67.3M monthly listeners on Spotify - toted the $3,200 'Horsebit 1955 Small Shoulder Bag'
Eilish wore glasses and covered her head in the $545 'GG-Print with Horsebits Silk Scarf' emblazoned with 'WAS' above another set of words in red
The nine-time Grammy winner's red-rooted raven locks were scraped into the scarf in such a fashion that it almost looked like hairstylist Jess Gonzalez cut it short
The 26-year-old musician wore a $1,895 Dolce & Gabbana 'Silk and Cashmere Polo Shirt' with brown trousers and white loafers
Billie and FINNEAS (last name O'Connell) were honored with Variety Artisans Awards alongside Kazu Hiro, Rodrigo Prieto, Stephane Ceretti, Jennifer Lame, Holly Waddington, Michael Semanick, Ludwig Göransson, Sarah Greenwood, and Katie Spencer 
Eilish and the 10-time Grammy winner (L) - who were born and raised in LA's Highland Park - employ their parents Maggie Baird and Patrick O'Connell work as her personal assistant/fan-outreach coordinator and utility player
Saturday marked the fifth anniversary of dating for FINNEAS and YouTuber Claudia Sulewski (R), whose 'dinner table discussions 5 years in' involved them both declaring: 'Tonight my butthole twinkles as bright as the starry moon'
The Swarm actress Instastoried snaps of herself and some pals hanging out in a grass field near a fence covered in graffitti on Saturday
Billie - who boasts 251.5M social media followers - gave a shout out to the British trip-hop band Portishead when she tagged their 1994 song It Could Be Sweet in her Instastory
Last Friday, the brother-sister act's sentimental song What Was I Made For was officially certified platinum in the US and the UK
The superstar siblings won two Grammy Awards on February 4 and a Golden Globe Awards on January 7 for the whispery track off the Barbie soundtrack
Billie and FINNEAS will next face off against Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt's (pictured January 14) Barbie track I'm Just Ken for the best original song trophy at the 96th Academy Awards, which air March 10 on ABC
The talented twosome previously won the Oscar in 2022 for penning their whispery Bond theme, No Time to Die
Billie and FINNEAS will next face off against Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt's Barbie track I'm Just Ken for the best original song trophy at the 96th Academy Awards, which air March 10 on ABC.
'We are so incredibly honored to receive a nomination for What Was I Made For?' the talented twosome said in a statement on January 23.
'As lifelong fans of film, music in film, and the Academy Awards, this means everything to us. We are so grateful to the Academy, its members, and to be recognized alongside so many songwriters that we respect and admire. Our deepest gratitude and thanks go out to the incomparable Greta Gerwig and Noah Baumbach for the genius vision and execution, the entire Barbie cast and crew, Lucky Chap Entertainment, and the Warner Bros. Pictures team.
'Thank you to Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt for weaving our song into the fabric and heart of this film so well. And a special shout out to Margot Robbie for her incredible foresight as a producer and brilliant performance that resonated with us so profoundly when writing this song. We are truly honored, thank you.'
Billie and FINNEAS previously won the Oscar in 2022 for penning their whispery Bond theme, No Time to Die.
The musical pair will then compete for the best international song trophy at the Brit Awards 2024, which air March 1 on ITV/YouTube.
Billie and FINNEAS will also compete for three trophies - including best lyrics - at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, which air April 1 on Fox.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group