E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 4:00pm, please email obits@dailylocal.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@dailylocal.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
In telling the story of Kennett, Joan Holliday and I started from the current state of our community, which was manifesting the twenty-year commitment that community volunteers had put into developing our youth’s potential. Starting from potential and helping our youth “get it right” is in the DNA of the Kennett community. We have the Scouts, The Garage, the Education Foundation, After-the-Bell, Churches, Service Clubs and new programs on the scene.
The new middle school principal, Jake Moore, was the one who pointed out that we are supporting the students as they are “becoming the best version of themselves.” This process of becoming the best version of oneself is the individual’s personal responsibility; however, as Dr Bosley, retired Kennett Superintendent of Schools, said: “It is a team effort with the parents, the student, the community and the school district working together
Last night I saw Billie Eilish win the Grammy for ‘Best Song of the Year,’ “What am I made for?” This is the Barbie theme song. I’m not sure if it is about the doll, or the young girls who play with her. The title of the song starts getting to the answer to the question we adults and our youth are trying to answer with our lives.
The role of the woman has been one of the seminal changes in our culture over the last 50 years.  I remember asking my oldest child Susan when she was eight if she wanted to be a doctor and she said, “Daddy, don’t you know girls are nurses and boys are doctors.”  Today, the majority of students in med school are women.  The opportunity for women with good paying, full time jobs is all that has kept the family afloat over these past years.
In the 60’s my mother took the responsibility of raising the children, with bridge and garden club getting her out of the house, but that has changed.  The roles are changing but how well are we balancing the load between the two bread winners?
I spent my career as an Industrial Engineer, making processes run faster, better, cheaper and studying the goodness of an operation.  I led benchmarking for about 15 years at DuPont and in my classes on the subject we would have cookies for an afternoon break. I asked the class what metrics to benchmark in a chocolate chip cookie (CCC)?  These were mostly engineers, and the majority would come up with ‘the percent of chocolate chips.’ I pointed to the benchmarking bible, Consumer Reports, and showed them the benchmark study of CCC.
A professional tasting panel measured how well the dozen different CCCs tasted. The results were not intuitive.  The best tasting cookie was the cheapest (Hillary Clinton’s homemade recipe in her cookie bake-off with Barbara Bush- Hilary used some oatmeal for mouth feel) and the worst tasting cookie was the most expensive and Weight-Watchers- people were buying low fat. But my greatest insight was when I taught the class to a roomful of product managers from Proctor and Gamble. They knew exactly what metric we should be measuring, Market Share.  I asked them about taste, and they said it had to taste good enough.
So, the answer to Billie Eilish’s “What was I made for?” from Barbie’s standpoint was to capture a good portion of the dress-up doll market share.  But what about teaching young girls the feeding and caring for their families.  And what about the boys?
Daughter Susan, KHS ’90 wanted a life in film, and she got her wish.  Getting her MFA in screenwriting at Columbia she went out to LA and today she helps lead Postproduction for Warner Bros. movies and was the lead on Barbie. This makes me think that maybe Kennett is getting it right.  She is a great mother, and her husband Joe does a lot more of the work supporting the family than I ever did.
A few weeks ago, I went to one of my hero’s funerals in Wilmington, DE.  It was Ed Woolard’s, an IE from N.C. State who ran DuPont successfully and then retired and turned Apple around be bringing Steve Jobs back to run the company and making it the most successful in the world.  At the service I was talking to Ellen Kullman, along with several senior people.  She was a recent past CEO of DuPont, one of the best. In 2009/10 Fortune Magazine said she was the 5th most powerful woman in the world.
I ate a piece of sausage that didn’t agree with me, and I started coughing.  Everyone except Ellen just watched me cough, but she jumped up and took me over to the serving table to get me a drink of water that tasted so good and cleared up the sausage. Where did she learn how to do that?  Did she play with dolls growing up?  The one thing I know is we must make sure we teach our children to look after each other with all the other stuff they will need to learn to compete in the 21st century.   It is what we are made for.
“The Story of Kennett — Shaping the Future One Child at a Time” Bob George and Joan Holliday’s book on Kennett may be purchased on Amazon and at the Mushroom Cap. You may contact Bob at georgert@gmail.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group