Metro Transit will extend its Omaha Rapid Bus Transit service hours on Sunday to meet ridership demand for the sold-out Billie Eilish concert at the CHI Health Center that night.
The transit agency said ORBT service will run until midnight to help get thousands of fans home from the pop star’s concert, which will begin at 7 p.m. in the downtown Omaha arena. The concert is part of Eilish’s "Hit Me Hard and Soft" tour.
Metro, the city's transit agency, will extend service to midnight on Sunday to help fans get home from the sold-out Billie Eilish concert at the CHI Health Center in downtown Omaha.
ORBT buses will pick up concert attendees at the 10th and Douglas Streets intersection and the Eighth and Farnam Streets intersection. An extra ORBT vehicle will also be at the 12th and Dodge Street intersection to help with traffic issues. The ORBT buses run and make stops along Dodge to Metro’s transit center at Westroads Mall located near 102nd Street and West Dodge Road.
A Metro spokesperson noted in an email that Eilish has encouraged her fans to take public transportation to cut down on carbon emissions. Billboard reported last month Eilish partnered with New York City’s Metropolitan Transportation Authority on a campaign promoting the use of public transportation.
Deb Zobel, right, holds the hand of Louise LaFramboise as she honors her during the Nebraska Nurse Honor Guard’s Living Tribute Ceremony at the Center of Nursing Science at UNMC in Omaha on Friday, Nov. 8, 2024.
Deb Zobel, right, honors Louise LaFramboise during the Nebraska Nurse Honor Guard’s Living Tribute Ceremony at the Center of Nursing Science at UNMC in Omaha on Friday, Nov. 8, 2024.
Louise LaFramboise holds white roses given to her by the Nebraska Nurse Honor Guard’ during their Living Tribute Ceremony for LaFramboise at the Center of Nursing Science at UNMC in Omaha on Friday, Nov. 8, 2024.
Norfolk Catholic players celebrate after winning the fifth and final set of a Class C2 first round state volleyball tournament match against Yutan at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Thursday, Nov. 7, 2024.
Thayer Central players celebrate after winning the fourth and final set of a Class C2 first round state volleyball tournament match against Freeman at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Thursday, Nov. 7, 2024.
With results still too close to call, State Sen. Tony Vargas stands with his mother, Lidia Vargas, left, and his wife, Lauren Vargas, right, after speaking to supporters during an election night watch party at the Kimpton Cottonwood Hotel in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2024.
Milford's Sarah Reynolds (15) serves the ball during the first set of a Class C1 first round state volleyball tournament match at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2024.
Gothenburg, bottom and Minden warm-up before the first set of a Class C1 first round state volleyball tournament match at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2024.
Waverly celebrates their win over Bennington during the first set of a Class B first round state volleyball tournament match at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2024.
Elkhorn North's Kaitlyn Huff (15) lifts up Elkhorn North's Ava Thompson (3) to celebrate during the first set of a Class B first round state volleyball tournament match at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2024.
A pass bounces off Nebraska's Jacory Barney Jr. (17) before being intercepted by UCLA's Kaylin Moore (9) during the second half of a college football game at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024.
Nebraska's Dante Dowdell (23) hurdles UCLA's Ramon Henderson (11) during the second half of a college football game at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024.
UCLA's Oluwafemi Oladejo (2) hits Nebraska's Dylan Raiola (15) as throws a pass during the first half of a college football game at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024.
The line for early voting at the Douglas County Election Commission in Omaha extends out of the parking lot on 122nd Avenue on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024.
The line for early voting at the Douglas County Election Commission in Omaha extends out of the parking lot on 122nd Avenue on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024.
The ball bounces off of the knee of Nebraska's Jacory Barney Jr. (17) before UCLA recovered the ball during the second half of a college football game at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, on Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024.
Nebraska's Rollie Worster (24) goes up for a layup against Texas Rio Grand Valley's Cliff Davis (10) during the second half of a college men's basketball game at Pinnacle Bank Arena in Lincoln on Monday, Nov. 4, 2024.
Marcus Hardy fills out his ballot at the Malcolm X Memorial Foundation in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2024.
Voters walk into Ronald Wilson Reagan Elementary School to vote in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2024.
Scott Hill fills out his ballot at Metropolitan Community College Elkhorn Valley Campus in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 5, 2024.
Creighton's Ryan Kalkbrenner (11) goes up for a shot against Texas Rio Grand Valley's Tommy Gankhuyag (33) during the first half of a men's college basketball game at the CHI Health Center in Omaha on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2024.
Creighton's Ryan Kalkbrenner (11) dunks the ball above Texas Rio Grand Valley's DK Thorn (3) during the second half of a men's college basketball game at the CHI Health Center in Omaha on Wednesday, Nov. 6, 2024.
Brian Prokop holds his and his fiancee Tracy Bequette’s cat Ballsac at their home in Kennard on Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024. The cat went missing after an EF-4 tornado destroyed most of the structures on the property, including their and Bequette's father’s homes, in April. Six months later, Ballsac was found and returned home.
Veterans salute during the singing of the national anthem during a Veteran's Day ceremony at Memorial Park in Omaha on Monday, Nov. 11, 2024.
Members of the Omaha Benson JROTC prepare for a Veteran's Day ceremony at Memorial Park in Omaha on Monday, Nov. 11, 2024.
Attendees salute at the Veterans Day Parade in Bellevue on Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024.
Shamus Connor, 10, hands American flags to members of the Bellevue fire department at the Veterans Day Parade in Bellevue on Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024.
People watch as Omaha’s official Christmas tree, a 40 foot spruce donated by Mark and Joanie Maszk, is brought in at The Durham Museum in Omaha on Monday, Nov. 18, 2024.
Ethan McCullough, left, and Michaela Lentsch stand under an umbrella as they look at the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree during it’s stop at the Gene Leahy Mall at The RiverFront in Omaha on Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2024.
Makai Hatcher shows his daughter, Mackenzie, how to put a fish hook on a line while fishing at Miller Park in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2024. Mackenzie is one.
Makai Hatcher spends the afternoon fishing at Miller Park in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2024.
Makai Hatcher puts a worm on a hook while fishing at Miller Park in Omaha on Tuesday, Nov. 12, 2024.
Zoo employees and their family members enjoy a preview of Zoolightful at Omaha’s Henry Doorly Zoo and Aquarium in Omaha, on Wednesday, Nov. 20, 2024.
A worker helps to set up the Christmas tree near the Skate Ribbon at Heartland Of America Park in Omaha, on Thursday, Nov. 21, 2024.
Antonio Martinez plugs Christmas lights in the Gene Leahy Mall in Omaha, on Thursday, Nov. 21, 2024.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Public safety reporter
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.