The Intersection of faith, culture, and politics
Sunday
Diversions
Published Oct. 28, 2024


•  While Amir Khan and Kat Warren of Washington, D.C., were visiting the Eiffel Tower in Paris, they became stranded along with other tourists at the top when a man was discovered climbing the structure. On hand with the couple was Associated Press reporter Pat Eaton-Robb, who was also visiting. Lucky for them, Eaton-Robb caught the moment when Khan decided to propose. He had been planning to do so later that evening at a restaurant, but "she always wanted to be proposed to on or under the Eiffel Tower. So I figured, 'This is it, this is the moment,'" Khan said. While romance was in the air atop the tower, police were arresting the climber, who was inexplicably carrying a banner that said something about singer-songwriter Billie Eilish. [AP, 10/19/2023
 


On hand with the couple was Associated Press reporter Pat Eaton-Robb, who was also visiting. Lucky for them, Eaton-Robb caught the moment when Khan decided to propose. He had been planning to do so later that evening at a restaurant, but "she always wanted to be proposed to on or under the Eiffel Tower. So I figured, 'This is it, this is the moment,'" Khan said. While romance was in the air atop the tower, police were arresting the climber, who was inexplicably carrying a banner that said something about singer-songwriter Billie Eilish. [AP, 10/19/2023
 


 He had been planning to do so later that evening at a restaurant, but "she always wanted to be proposed to on or under the Eiffel Tower. So I figured, 'This is it, this is the moment,'" Khan said. While romance was in the air atop the tower, police were arresting the climber, who was inexplicably carrying a banner that said something about singer-songwriter Billie Eilish. [AP, 10/19/2023
 


While romance was in the air atop the tower, police were arresting the climber, who was inexplicably carrying a banner that said something about singer-songwriter Billie Eilish. [AP, 10/19/2023
 


©  2025   Distributed by Universal Uclick