Billie Eilish had the internet in meltdown as she stripped nearly naked to lounge around in a lace lingerie set.
The What Was I Made For hitmaker took to her secondary Instagram account to promote her latest perfume, Eilish No. 3, and ditched her usual baggy attire for something much racier. Billie lay on her stomach on a plush couch, with tiny lace black shorts covering a few scant inches of her thighs.
Billie went barefoot in the picture, exposing her long legs to the camera, and left her arms bare too. Her dark hair flopped in a full fringe into her eyes as she peered up at something just beyond the camera. Balanced on the arm of the couch was a bottle of her new fragrance, styled in a deep scarlet bust of her own body.
READ MORE: Antiques Roadshow star bursts into tears and embraces expert over value of ‘rare’ item
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Billie herself was bathed in red light for the stunning photoshoot, captioning the post: “Eilish No. 3, the new limited edition fragrance by Billie Eilish, is now available in the UK exclusively at @Superdrug.” And that message alone was enough to drive fans crazy in the comments section.
One gushed: “The photo?? So prettyyyy!” as someone else agreed: “That would have been a fire album cover.” Another fan echoed: “I’M SCREAMING.”
While a fourth social media user penned: “Are y’all trying to kill me?” And somebody else posted: “I’m about to jump through the screen.” Another fan account said: “I’M ON MY KNEES.”
Billie hasn’t been afraid to let herself loose to shoot perfume ads in the past, at one point lying down in the pouring rain in a drenched black lace dress featuring see-through panels. With her hair plastered to her face with water promoting Eilish No. 2, Billie clasped her hands together and painted on a huge pink pout as she lay with her bum in the air.
Billie has confessed in the past that she used to cover up to avoid being sexualised, admitting: “I didn’t want people to have access to my body, even visually. I wasn’t strong enough and secure enough to show it. If I had shown it at that time, I would have been completely devastated if people had said anything.”
She told Variety: “You wear something that’s at all revealing, and everyone’s like, ‘Oh, but you didn’t want people to sexualise you?’ I have big boobs. I’ve had big boobs since I was nine years old, and that’s just the way I am. That’s how I look.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
But speaking to Elle magazine, Billie says she lost 100,000 followers on social media when she got her boobs out in a plunging dress, confessing: “People are scared of big boobs.” Even Madonna had some advice for the young songstress, adding: “The problem is, we still live in a very sexist world where women are put into categories.
“You're either in the virgin category or the whore category. Billie started off in a non-sexualised category, not pandering to the masses and not using her sexuality in any way, which is her choice and God bless her for that — after all, she's been a teenager all this time."
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.