2nd August 2024Words: Daisy Carter 
Charli XCX’s latest studio album has well and truly taken the world by storm (and earned her a 2024 Mercury Prize shortlist spot), and now she’s ensured that brat summer is kept alive and well with the release of a new remix of ‘Guess’, featuring Billie Eilish and The Dare. 
In particular, it’s Billie’s flirty new verse (“Charli likes boys but she knows I’d hit it”) which has sent fans into a frenzy, after her huge track ‘LUNCH’ - taken from her own acclaimed release ‘HIT ME HARD AND SOFT’ - saw sapphic lust and love thrust to the forefront of mainstream pop culture. 
Originally released as a bonus track on ‘BRAT”s extended edition (aptly titled ‘Brat and it’s the same but there’s three more songs so it’s not’), ‘Guess’ is the second song from the album to be reworked with the help of a fellow Main Pop Girl, following the release of the Lorde-featuring ‘Girl, so confusing’ back in June. 
The new remix has also arrived alongside an instantly-iconic video directed by Aidan Zamiri, which sees Charli and Billie climb a mountain made of bras and underwear - all of which have since been donated to I Support The Girls, a charity that distributes essential items like underwear and menstrual hygiene products to disadvantaged or homeless people. 
Watch the video for ‘Guess’ (featuring Billie Eilish) and revisit our five star review of ‘BRAT’ below. 
Charli XCX - BRAT
An unmistakable representation of her very core.
Get tickets to watch Charli XCX live now.


Tags:
News, Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, Listen, Watch

£12.99 
£24.99 
£34.99 
£44.99 
£36.99 
£29.99 
 Festivals
The Polish festival will also play host to the likes of Linkin Park, Massive Attack, and Gracie Abrams this Summer.
 11th April 2025
 Festivals
She’s handpicked the likes of Magdalena Bay and Jodie Harsh to support her in Victoria Park this Summer.
 17th March 2025
 Listen now
“A ballsy offering that continues to prove JADE is one of the most enticing and fresh voices in pop right now.”
 14th March 2025
 Festivals
Neil Young had already been confirmed as a headliner for this year’s edition of the festival.
 6th March 2025
Get the best of DIY to your inbox each week.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top