All three women are nominated for song of the year at this year's Grammys, which are set for Feb. 4. 

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	The Recording Academy announced the first three performers set for the 2024 Grammy Awards: Dua Lipa, Billie Eilish and Olivia Rodrigo. The announcement was made during the fourth quarter of the AFC wild-card game on Monday (Jan. 15), in which the Pittsburgh Steelers played the Buffalo Bills. The game was broadcast on CBS, which has aired the Grammys since 1973.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					Dua Lipa		
					






















	
		
					Olivia Rodrigo		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The three women have won a combined 13 Grammys. All three have won in the key categories of best new artist and best pop vocal album. All three are nominated for song of the year at this year’s Grammys, which are set for Feb. 4 at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.

	










	Lipa is nominated for song of the year for “Dance the Night” from Barbie. Eilish is nominated for both record and song of the year for “What Was I Made For?,” also from Barbie. Rodrigo is nominated in both of those categories for “Vampire,” as well as album of the year for her album Guts.

	This will be Eilish’s fourth Grammy show performance, Lipa’s third and Rodrigo’s second. Eilish previously performed “When the Party’s Over” (2020), “Everything I Wanted” (2021) and “Happier Than Ever” (2022). Lipa performed “One Kiss” (2019) and a pair of songs from her Future Nostalgia album (2021). Rodrigo performed “Drivers License” (2022).

	Eilish and Lipa would presumably perform “What Was I Made For?” and “Dance the Night,” respectively, on the Grammy telecast. This could give these songs an edge in Oscar balloting for best original song, if they are nominated. Oscar nominations will be announced on Jan. 23. Final-round Oscar voting begins Feb. 22, 18 days after  the Grammy telecast.

Trevor Noah will host the Grammys for the fourth consecutive year. He too is a Grammy nominee. He is up for best comedy album for I Wish You Would. He’s the first Grammy host to be nominated for a Grammy that same year since Queen Latifah in 2005.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.