By 

	CT Jones


Billie Eilish and Finneas have endorsed Kamala Harris and Tim Walz for the 2024 presidential election.

	The Oscar-Award-winning musicians and siblings posted a reel to Instagram on Tuesday — National Voter Registration Day —urging their followers to register to vote and stating their reasons for backing the Harris-Walz ticket. 

	“We are voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz because they are fighting to protect our reproductive freedom, our planet, and our democracy,” Eilish says in the clip. “Vote like your life depends on it, because it does.”

	“We can’t let extremists control our lives, our freedoms, and our future,” adds Finneas. “The only way to stop them and the dangerous Project 2025 agenda is to vote and elect Kamala Harris.”
A post shared by BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish)

	Eilish has been vocally against Donald Trump’s campaign and presidency since she was legally able to vote. In 2020, at age 18, Eilish was the youngest musician to perform at the Democratic National Convention, where she spoke out adamantly against the danger she believed Trump posed to the nation. 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	“You don’t need me to tell you things are a mess — Donald Trump is destroying our country and everything we care about. We need leaders who will solve problems like climate change and Covid — not deny them. Leaders who will fight against systemic racism and inequality,” she said, before performing her song “My Future.” “And that starts by voting for someone who understands how much is at stake; someone who is building a team that shares our values.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.