Billie Eilish isn’t a big fan of whales.
In a new interview with Rolling Stone, the 22-year-old revealed that the marine mammals freak her out.
“How can anybody just accept that a whale exists, y’all?” she asked in the cover story. “Those things are enormous. The noises they make. That shit is terrifying to me. Ew! Terrifying.”
It seems that Eilish’s childhood fear of the water hasn't helped. When she took swimming lessons as a kid, the instructor’s approach was to let her “figure it out” once she was in the water, she explained. Another time, the “Bad Guy” singer had to be rescued by a lifeguard after being tossed around in the ocean.
While Eilish remains unenthusiastic about whales, she feels differently about masturbation. Elsewhere in the interview, she says the sexual pleasure technique helped with her body image problems.
"TMI, but self-pleasure is an enormous, enormous part of my life, and a huge, huge help for me," Eilish said. “People should be jerking it, man. I can’t stress it enough, as somebody with extreme body issues and dysmorphia that I’ve had my entire life."
music | BY Joe Price
Billie Eilish Says Masturbation Has Helped Her Body Image Problems: 'People Should Be Jerking It, Man'
music | BY Alex Ocho
DaBaby Says One of His Rap Peers Recently Asked to Get Into Fake Beef for Publicity
music | BY Jose Martinez
Usher Tells Hilarious Story of Son Stealing His Phone to DM PinkPantheress
“I love [women] so much,” Eilish said. “I love them as people. I’m attracted to them as people,” she said. In the same interview, she also commented on her sexual identity: “I identify as ‘she/her’ and things like that, but I’ve never really felt like a girl.”
Weeks later, at Variety’s Hitmakers event, Eilish she didn't know that people were unaware of her attraction to men and women. "I kind of thought, wasn't it obvious? I didn't realize people didn't know.”
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.