Billie Eilish performs onstage during the 96th Annual Academy Awards at Dolby Theatre on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California.
Nearly a decade after being catapulted into fame, Billie Eilish is reflecting on some of the major things she lost out on at 14 years old.
(Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images)
In a new interview on Monday (June 10), the singer, who made her debut with 2014's "Ocean Eyes," said that she went through a phase of thinking that her team was her friends before realizing the harsh truth that they are only around because they’re on her payroll.
The award-winning singer-songwriter added, "I lost all of my friends when I got famous, like, literally all except one — my best friend Zoe, who I have been friends with since I was two." Reflecting that she is "pretty much the only person that remained," Billie found herself unable to "relate to anybody, and it was really hard."
When asked if she’d tried to maintain her friendships amid her career, Billie admitted she felt "resentful" because of her age. As she put it, "The world was being handed to me on a silver platter, like: 'Would you like this?'" She recalled thinking of her employees, "I have so many friends!"
Then, on her 20th birthday, which she celebrated in December 2021, she looked around the room and realized it was only her employees, who were 15+ years older than her. “Then one of my best friends who worked with me quit out of the blue and didn’t talk to me,” the star recalled. “And it was the worst thing that happened to me, and that made me realize, like, 'Oh, wait, this is a job, and these are really people that if they left me, they wouldn’t ever see me again.' I kind of had this realization, like, 'Oh, I might actually be alone for real.'"
Eventually, Billie worked "really hard" to make friends that weren't a part of her team and rekindling old friendships. The "CHIHIRO" singer, now 22, can confidently proclaim, "Now I have so many friends -- I have a crew now! I could literally cry about it. It's been the greatest thing that's ever happened to me."
Elsewhere in the interview, Eilish expressed how much it meant to her to finally have friends. "I could not go on," she said. "I couldn’t go on without friends. My friendships are, like, the best part of my life."
Watch the full interview below:
Billie Eilish's third studio album was released on Friday, May 17. The highly-anticipated album didn't have any tracks released as singles prior to the drop of Hit Me Hard And Soft. Despite that, the award-winning, record-breaking musician kept her fans on their toes and teased details leading up to this day.
(Photo by Arturo Holmes/Getty Images for ABA)
Eilish opened up about her sexuality and how she came to terms with being in love with girls for years. She showcases this in her second song, the raunchy, playful track, "LUNCH," whose music video dropped as the first visuals accompanying the album release day.
As a longtime fan of Billie Eilish since her 2017 EP don't smile at me, this third studio album does have some gems, but it is not her best work. Her lyrics are mature at times, but some songs are too joyful that we are completely uninterested in that side of Billie and find it lacks the depth we are usually spoiled with.
Sorry to those who praise "LUNCH" and "BIRDS OF A FEATHER," but it's just not for me. I mean, I personally listen to Billie Eilish because she makes me feel deeply as her angelic voice lulls you into the despair she sings about. There are countless times that we cried as we sang along with "No Time To Die" "Happier Than Ever," and "What Was I Made For?"
Now, we're all about artistic growth, and the sound certainly sounds more layered and thought-out. She's also using synths heavily throughout the album. Six of the 10-track album's songs are over four minutes long. These songs either change tempo and mood, or both, and we just adore it when artists do this and give a twist and completely change the feeling of a song.
However, there are some songs that clearly seem to check off boxes that we think were made for the Gen Zers rather than us older fans (I'm a Millenial). I can't possibly relate to superficial lines like: "I could buy her so much stuff. It's a craving, not a crush."
To support the release of her new album, Eilish will embark on her world tour. Starting in September, she will head over to Canada before starting her US dates. In October, Eilish will start out in Maryland, ending the US leg of the tour in California in December.
The intro of this song immediately captivated us. We couldn't help but feel like that start sounded like "Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This)." Her songwriting is super clever. Billie sings "THE DINER" from the perspective of a stalker. Having a stalker is a problem she's been [inlink id="billie-eilish-stalker-social-distancing" text="open about in the past"], with having at least three. In track 8, Eilish reassures her crush, who she is clearly obsessed with, "Don't be afraid of me, I'm what you need." Being so young, Eilish includes lyrics talking about how she "waited on the corner till I saw the sitter leave," noting the age gap between herself and how much older her stalkers were.
For a pop star to be singing about their weight so openly and raw, we applaud Eilish. She calls out the public perception that equates being skinny as being happy, which, as she points out in her lyrics, doesn't mean that at all. Despite that silly perception, Eilish finds "the old me is still me and maybe the real me. And I think she's pretty." Now that she's a 20-something, Eilish questions if maybe she's [inlink id="billie-eilish-thought-her-career-was-over" text="losing her touch as an artist"]. This is something that she's expressed before she wrote the Barbie [inlink id="billie-eilish-wins-second-oscar" text="award-winning, record-breaking"] song, "What Was I Made For?" In "SKINNY," Eilish asks, "Am I already on the way out?"
In this acoustic track, Eilish slows things down after the more uplifting "BIRDS OF A FEATHER." What we enjoy most about the young, talented musician is the way she can sing about the saddest, most heartbreaking things. For a 22-year-old, Eilish sings in track 5, "WILDFLOWER," about her female lover that she is haunted by "like a fever, like I'm burning alive like a sign." She sings the melancholy line: "Well, good things don't last, and life moves so fast."
Combining the previous nine songs in this beautifully put together mashup, "BLUE" layers Eilish's voice as she sings lines from songs overlapping. As fans theorized, "BLUE" features lines from "True Blue," a song that she has performed on tour but never released. She sings, "And I'm still so blue. True blue, true blue. I'm true blue." As the song slows down and simplifies the instrumentation, Eilish's voice stands out as the next lines come out: "You were born bluer than a butterfly, beautiful and so deprived of oxygen. Colder than your father's eyes, he never learned to sympathize with anyone. I don't blame you, but I can't change you."
Track three on HMHAS is this feel-good song, in instrumentation only. The song both feels chill and soothing, and by the time she sings, "Open up the door, can you open up the door," we are on our feet grooving along to the 5-minute track. After someone tells her it's war, she coolly says, "I hope it's not for sure, can you open up the door?" Her confidence and nonchalance is something we applaud her for and hope she never loses that.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!