By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:39, 17 May 2024   |  Updated:  23:36, 17 May 2024   
 104
View  comments
Hailey Bieber proudly displayed her baby bump in a white crop top while on a date night with her husband, Justin Bieber, at a Billie Eilish concert on Thursday night.
The 27-year-old model, who is already six months along in her first pregnancy, was  positively glowing as she arrived to the Kia Forum to attend her 22-year-old pal's album listening party for her upcoming third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft.
For the occasion, the Rhode founder sported an oversized red, black and white  motorcycle jacket over her midriff-baring top and a pair of grey shorts. 
She completed her look with a pair of black loafers, a Fila baseball cap over her light brown hair and white calf-length socks. 
Hailey Bieber proudly displayed her baby bump in a white crop top while on a date night with her husband, Justin Bieber, at a Billie Eilish concert on Thursday night
Her longtime spouse sported a grey beanie, red jacket with a flannel hood and sleeves and oversized pants. 
Earlier this month, Hailey and Justin shared identical posts on their Instagram platforms to reveal their pregnancy news. 
The longtime couple, who tied the knot in 2018, renewed their vows during a trip to Hawaii.
The precious moment was filmed and made into a sweet video showcasing the model's burgeoning bump.
For the special occasion the Rhode skincare founder wore a custom Yves Saint Laurent white lace wedding dress by Anthony Vaccarello.
The snug-fitting gown accentuated her blossoming belly and boasted a matching headscarf.
The duo simply tagged each other in their individual posts, skipping an explicit caption and allowing viewers to deduce the life update on their own.
Since then, Hailey has reappeared on the app and opened up about becoming a first-time mother.
The 27-year-old model, who is already six months along in her first pregnancy, was positively glowing as she arrived to the Kia Forum to attend her 22-year-old pal's special album listening party for third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft
Her longtime spouse sported a grey beanie, red jacket with a flannel hood and sleeves and oversized pants 
Last Wednesday, she shared a 'photo dump' of her last few weeks of pregnancy, showing off her maternity style as she cradled her tummy in multiple images. 
Since coming forward with her pregnancy, the model revealed she's been craving 'egg salad on top of a pickle with hot sauce.' 
In 2023, Hailey said that she and Justin would like to try for a family 'in the next couple of years.' 
'You don't know how long that process [of getting pregnant] is ever going to take. Definitely no kids this year, that would be a little hectic, I think,' she told WSJ.
Earlier this month, Hailey and Justin shared identical posts on their Instagram platforms to reveal their pregnancy news
Last Wednesday, she shared a 'photo dump' of her last few weeks of pregnancy, showing off her maternity style as she cradled her tummy in multiple images
'There's this thing that happens for women when you get married. Everybody assumes it's: First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes the baby,' the runway regular explained.
'Well, what about the things I want to accomplish in my business? I think I had it ingrained in my head that I was going to want to have kids right away and I was going to have kids super, super young. Then I turned 25 and I'm like, I'm still super, super young!'
In 2022, Hailey denied reports that she was pregnant, in response to a Radar article titled 'Fans Are Convinced Hailey Bieber Is Pregnant After She Walks Grammys Red Carpet In Flowing Gown With Husband Justin Bieber.'
'I’m not pregnant leave me alone,' she wrote, at the time.
She and her husband initially exchanged vows in 2018 and had a formal wedding ceremony in 2019. 
In 2023, Hailey said that she and Justin would like to try for a family 'in the next couple of years'
She opened up on the prospects of beginning a family with the Peaches artist while speaking in February with The Wall Street Journal, saying, 'There’s this thing that happens for women when you get married. Everybody always assumes it’s: First comes love, then comes marriage, then comes the baby.'
Hailey and her husband previously spoke about their prospects of parenthood in the 2021 Amazon Prime documentary Justin Bieber: Our World, as the Baby singer opened up about his desire to have a child in the near future.
He said, 'My intention for 2021 is to continue to set goals and have fun ... make sure I put family first. And, hopefully, we squish out a little nugget.'
Hailey said, 'In 2021?!' to which Bieber said, 'The ... end ... of 2021? We start trying?'
She responded, 'Okay, maybe. We shall see.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group