Billie Eilish returns to the top of the leaderboard in Australia.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Billie Eilish is back in charge in Australia, as Hit Me Hard And Soft bounces 2-1 for its fifth non-consecutive week atop the leaderboard. 

	The U.S. pop sensation has now logged 15 weeks at the ARIA Chart summit. That career result includes eight non-consecutive weeks at No. 1 in 2019-20 with her debut LP, When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?, while her sophomore album Happier Than Ever logged two weeks at the penthouse following its release in 2021. 

Taylor Swift’s juggernaut The Tortured Poets Department is down 1-2, while U.S. country star Zach Bryan enjoys the top debut this week with his fifth studio album The Great American Bar Scene, new at No. 3. Hailing from Oklahoma, Bryan bagged a No. 2 peak with his self-titled collection from 2023, and No. 54 on the ARIA Chart with his 2022 effort American Heartbreak.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					






















	
		
					Eminem		
					






















	
		
					Eves Karydas		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Also making a splash on the latest ARIA Chart, published Friday, July 12, is Eves Karydas‘ Burnt Tapes, new at No. 23. That’s a new career high and an impressive improvement on the No. 75 peak for Summerskin, from 2018, the Cairns, Australia-born singer-songwriter’s first album. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Over on the ARIA Singles Chart, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” logs a second consecutive week at No. 1, doing so in its 12th week on the tally. Sabrina Carpenter completes an unchanged podium with “Espresso” and “Please Please Please,” respectively. Both are former chart leaders in these parts.

	Meanwhile, Kendrick Lamar’s controversial diss track “Not Like Us” rebounds from 9-5, its equal peak position. 

Morgan Wallen scores his fifth top 50 single in Australia as “Lies Lies Lies” debuts at No. 35. The U.S. country superstar’s career tally includes two No. 1s: “Last Night,” which spent eight weeks at No. 1 in 2023, and “I Had Some Help,” his collaboration with Post Malone, which logged a single week at the top in May. “I Had Some Help” dips 5-6 on the latest frame.

	Finally, Eminem stashes another top 40 with “Tobey,” featuring Big Sean and BabyTron. It’s the latest single release from Em’s new album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Grâce), which dropped early Friday.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.