Some fans said they didn't recognise a chart-topping singer in a selfie that was shared on social media this week.
Lady Gaga, 38, took to Instagram on Tuesday to share a photo of herself soaking up the sun. She had ditched her signature blonde hairstyle ahead of the selfie, with the Grammy Award winner instead sporting black hair in it.
The photo showed the performer - whose real name is Stefani Germanotta - wearing a floral white dress and a statement necklace as she stood in an outdoor area. The coast was seen in the background as well as other scenery.
She accompanied the selfie with an emoji of a rose in the caption of the post. She was met with compliments from fans over the new look in the comments section. And some fans suggested in their responses to the photo that they had mistaken her for fellow singer-songwriter Billie Eilish, 22.
Responding to the post, which has more than 850,000 likes on the platform, one person wrote: "Lovely new look." Another said: "Absolutely stunning." Someone reacted: "Loving the hair." Whilst another said: "Mother of beauty."
"The black hair bleached brows combo is so good," said one person recently. Another commented: "The black hair really is such a serve." Sharing their thoughts, one fan responded to her: "Beautiful. Dark hair suits you as well as blonde."
Someone wrote: "I thought it was Billie Eilish for a second." Another said similarly: "I thought at first she was Billie Eilish ... just look alike." A third teased: "What in the Billie Eilish look a like is going on here?" Whilst one person referenced the other singer by writing: "Gaga / Eilish mashup."
There was also excitement in the comments section about Lady Gaga's upcoming album, which is currently referred to as LG7. It comes following the release of her latest single, Die with a Smile, which is a duet with Bruno Mars, earlier this month. She previously teased that it was something for fans while they wait for her new album. The duet is number 7 on the Official Singles Chart in the UK at the moment.
Her most recent solo album Chromatica was released in 2020. It topped the charts upon its release in numerous countries, including in the UK, and featured singles such as Stupid Love. Rain on Me, which included Ariana Grande, was also a single from the album.
Lady Gaga - who performed in the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in Paris last month - is also preparing for the release of her latest film, Joker: Folie à Deux, later this year. She stars in the film - a sequel to the acclaimed Joker (2019) - beside fellow actor Joaquin Phoenix.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.