Billie Eilish put on a show in Los Angeles as the Olympic Games drew to a close but viewers were disappointed as they pointed out one issue with her performance.
Much like Snoop Dogg, The Red Hot Chilli Peppers and Mission Impossible star Tom Cruise, the Chihiro hitmaker, 22, was one of the celebrities chosen to introduce the Los Angeles 2028 Olympics.
The City of Angels is set to welcome the sporting event in four years and the handover became the talk of social media when Tom performed a dramatic stunt. And while the star-studded handover left many with stars in their eyes, viewers had one major complaint about Billie's show.
Billie was live from a Los Angeles beach as she sang her song Birds Of A Feather on Sunday, August 11, and she was joined by rap stars Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre and fans believed her "memorable" performance had been spoiled as they struggled to hear her sing, the Daily Mail reports.
Swarming over to X, otherwise known as Twitter, many of them shared their thoughts with one penning: "Why can i NEVER hear billie eilish? I swear I would like her music if I ever heard one note she ever sung but she sings at a frequency that I, personally, can never here."
If you can't see the poll, click here
Another viewer fumed: "I could barely hear her sing!", just as a third echoed: "Bro the sound on the one on tv was so bad." A fourth Olympics fan continued: "Literally watched 3 whole hours of that floptastic olympics closing ceremony only for them to mess up the sound on Billie's performance."
Elsewhere, however, numerous other viewers were stunned by Billie's performance, with one commenting: "She sounds soooooo goood omg", while another agreed: "Waited till the end just for her."
"Billie Eilish’s performance at the Olympic Closing Ceremony was electrifying.... Her talent and energy lit up the stage, making it a memorable end to an incredible Games", one TV viewer chimed in.
But in another comment, one more fan was far from impressed by the American star as they suspected she could have been lip-syncing: "DAMN BILLIE EILISH!!! The way it sounded identical with the studio version?? And the way she performed this in the closing ceremony of Olympics? This gworlie is on [ fire emoji]."
Another segment left fans livid as Tom Cruise finalised proceedings by jumping off the top of the Stade de France, before riding a motorcycle through the crowd to collect the Olympic flag and take it back to Los Angeles.
However, some fans were left disappointed after Tom then featured in a VT, where he took the flag back to the Hollywood sign with him.
One fan wrote: "Would be a bit disappointing to be in the Paris stadium and then to have the USA handover so far consist of a pre recorded Tom Cruise video package and now the live performances of Red Hot Chilli peppers & Billie Eilish on the stadium screens #ClosingCeremony," whilst a second added: "Nice handover and gig in LA. Are there large screens in the Stade de France? Asking for 90,000 people… #Paris2024." A third penned: "So...is there LA section just being shown on screens in Paris?"
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.