Vegan Cookbooks
Raw Double Chocolate Cherry Cheesecake [Vegan]
Raw Lemon and Baobab Cheesecake With Mesquite Caramel Topping [Vegan, Gluten-Free]
Plant-Based Cookbooks to Buy
The Ultimate Guide to Perfectly Pan Roasted Root Vegetables
5 Classic Southern Breakfast Dishes Made Vegan!
Chicago Airport on Red Alert After Measles Case Raises Public Health Concerns
Thousands in California Told to Boil Water After Bacteria Detected
Senate Votes to Roll Back Toxic Air Pollution Rule in Win for Oil and Chemical Giants
Petition: Ban Florida Man from Ever Owning Animals After Shocking Dog Abuse Caught on Camera
The Truth Why Some People Get Food Poisoning and Others Don’t
Sitting for More Than 6 Hours a Day Nearly Doubles Neck Pain Risk, Study Finds
7 Extraordinary Tribes and Communities Across the World Worshiping Nature and Embracing Plant-Based Traditions
Revolutionizing Urban Travel: 10 Innovative Eco-Friendly Transportation Solutions Transforming Cities Worldwide!
10 Most Successful Reforestation Projects That Are Changing Our Planet!
10 Infectious Diseases Caused by Environmental Degradation and Climate Change
10 Innovative Technologies Revolutionizing Environmental Cleanup
8 Ways Amazon is Contributing to Environmental Destruction
This Beautiful Video Proves a Bad Day Doesn’t Exist When You Adopt a Dog
Who Knew Cows Were This Smart? We Did. (VIDEO)
8 Upcycled Dog Toys to Get Your Dog Thinking
5 Surprising Products That Are Tested On Animals
6 Healthy Plant-Based Additions to Enhance Your Pup’s Diet!
5 Hilariously Silly Videos of Cats Talking to Birds
Must-Have Plant-Based Cookbooks
The Truth Why Some People Get Food Poisoning and Others Don’t
Sitting for More Than 6 Hours a Day Nearly Doubles Neck Pain Risk, Study Finds
5 Clean, Lean Soy-Free Proteins to Put On Your Plate
Chia Seed Water Gains Popularity for Digestion Benefits, Is it Actually Good?
5 Natural Foods to Combat Heartburn
10 Reasons to Ditch Bottled Water: Health, Environmental, and Economic Concerns
10 Board Games That Teach Kids Kindness and Empathy
10 Government Subsidies and Their Impact on Our Food Choices, the Environment, and Public Health
10 Ways International Trade Agreements Shape Local Food Systems and How You Can Advocate for Change
8 Ways Air Pollution Contributes to Cancer Development
The Alarming Impact of Pesticides on Bees and Crop Yields
10 Powerful Classic Novels Addressing Animal Rights Through Fiction
Scientists Link Shark Attacks to Viral Social Media Trends
Meet 5 Resilient Cows Who Defied the Dairy Industry and Will Change Your View on Cheese!
9 Inspiring Reforestation Projects Reviving Degraded Landscapes!
Animal Altruism: 9 Inspiring Stories of Selflessness and Sacrifice for the Greater Good
9 Ways Peacocks Are Exploited and Abused for Their Ornamental Features
Cute Rescued Piglet Happily Plays in Straw at Sanctuary [VIDEO]
Watch this Japanese Cat Beg For Breakfast in the Cutest Way Possible! (VIDEO)
This Video Proves Dogs Are More Patient Than Humans (VIDEO)
Watch Two Elephant Friends Reunite After 22 Years (VIDEO)
Dog Starving in the Streets of Mexico Finds Love, a New Life and a New Home (VIDEO)
Goats Balance on Sheet of Steel for Ultimate Fun! [VIDEO]
BETTER BURGERS: Make Delicious Nutrient-Rich Burgers Without The Meat
SUMMER:  Stunning Plant-Based Recipes to Enjoy All Season When the Sun's Out
ALIVE: Nourishing Plant-Based Meals to Fuel Your Body
Get your favorite articles delivered right to your inbox!
Sign up  for daily news from OneGreenPlanet
No products in the cart.
Help keep One Green Planet free and independent! Together we can ensure our platform remains a hub for empowering ideas committed to fighting for a sustainable, healthy, and compassionate world. Please support us in keeping our mission strong.
When Billie Eilish takes the stage for her sold-out “Hit Me Hard and Soft” tour at San Jose’s SAP Center, fans will notice something unique – a completely vegan and vegetarian menu. The Grammy and Oscar-winning artist, known for her advocacy of plant-based living, has inspired the arena to overhaul its food offerings for her performances.Concertgoers can look forward to a variety of plant-based options, from vegan hot dogs and chicken tenders to sofritas burritos and veggie sushi rolls. Local favorites like Vegan Mob and Arteaga’s are contributing with creative dishes, while even the suite menus will feature vegan chicken tenders, Impossible sliders, and dairy-free dips. For dessert, Sugar + Ice will serve oat milk soft serve.This marks the first time SAP Center has revamped its menu entirely for an artist, setting a precedent that could appeal to other vegetarian performers in the future.Not a fan of plant-based eats? Consider trying something new for the night. Additionally, to help fans explore the local scene, Eilish partnered with Google Maps to spotlight vegan-friendly restaurants like Vegetarian House, Veggie Grill, and Merit Vegan Restaurant.Latest Petitions to Sign:
Petition: Help Shut Down Zoo in England That Has a Long History of Animal Abuse and Neglect
Petition: Help Enshrine the Amazon Rainforest’s Right to Exist into Law
Petition: Urge SeaQuest to Shut Down Remaining Locations and Send Animals to Sanctuaries
Petition: Help Send Escaped Lab Monkeys to a Sanctuary
Petition: Help Pass Pennsylvania Bill That Protects Pets from Domestic Violence
Petition: Investigate Woman Who Stuffed Dead Dogs in ‘Caskets Boxes’ and in a Freezer
Petition: Tell the Scottish and UK Governments to Ban the Public Sale of Fireworks to Protect Animals
Petition: Tell the EU to Ban Single-Use Disposable Vapes
Petition: Justice for Thousands of Workers in Saudi Arabia Who Have Died or Gone Missing
Petition: Tell Hawaii to Follow California’s Lead and Ban Octopus Farming
Being publicly-funded gives us a greater chance to continue providing you with high-quality content.Click here to Support UsRelated Content:
Billie Eilish Cuddles Rescue Animals Before Concert
Billie Eilish Brings Climate Action Conference to the U.S.
Billie Eilish and Google Maps Team Up to Guide Fans to Eco-Friendly Choices
New Vegan Restaurant, Argento, is Coming to L.A Thanks to Billie Eilish and Finneas
Billie Eilish, Janelle Monae, and Finneas Honored at Vegan Fundraiser
Easy Ways to Help the Planet:
Eat Less Meat: Download Food Monster, the largest plant-based Recipe app on the App Store, to help reduce your environmental footprint, save animals and get healthy. You can also buy a hard or soft copy of our favorite vegan cookbooks.
Adopt-a-Pet: Visit WildWatchers, a watchdog platform specifically designed for animal, earth, and wildlife warriors to actively give back, rescue, and protect animals and the planet.
Reduce Your Fast Fashion Footprint: Take initiative by standing up against fast fashion Pollution and supporting sustainable and circular brands like Tiny Rescue that raise awareness around important issues through recycled zero-waste clothing designed to be returned and remade over and over again.
Support Independent Media: Being publicly funded gives us a greater chance to continue providing you with high-quality content. Please consider supporting us by donating!
Sign a Petition: Your voice matters! Help turn petitions into victories by signing the latest list of must-sign petitions to help people, animals, and the planet.
Stay Informed: Keep up with the latest news and important stories involving animals, the environment, sustainable living, food, health, and human interest topics by subscribing to our newsletter!
Do What You Can: Reduce waste, plant trees, eat local, travel responsibly, reuse stuff, say no to single-use plastics, recycle, vote smart, switch to cold water laundry, divest from fossil fuels, save water, shop wisely, Donate if you can, grow your food, volunteer, conserve energy, compost, and don’t forget about the microplastics and microbeads lurking in common household and personal care products!
Share this:
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Facebook

Click to share on X (Opens in new window)
X

Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Email

Click to print (Opens in new window)
Print

Concertgoers can look forward to a variety of plant-based options, from vegan hot dogs and chicken tenders to sofritas burritos and veggie sushi rolls. Local favorites like Vegan Mob and Arteaga’s are contributing with creative dishes, while even the suite menus will feature vegan chicken tenders, Impossible sliders, and dairy-free dips. For dessert, Sugar + Ice will serve oat milk soft serve.
This marks the first time SAP Center has revamped its menu entirely for an artist, setting a precedent that could appeal to other vegetarian performers in the future.
Not a fan of plant-based eats? Consider trying something new for the night. Additionally, to help fans explore the local scene, Eilish partnered with Google Maps to spotlight vegan-friendly restaurants like Vegetarian House, Veggie Grill, and Merit Vegan Restaurant.
Being publicly-funded gives us a greater chance to continue providing you with high-quality content.Click here to Support Us
Easy Ways to Help the Planet:

				You must be
                 Login to post a comment.
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.