Billie Eilish recently made waves among her fandom with her new social media strategy, racking up millions of new followers in a matter of days on her Instagram by adding all her followers to her "Close Friends" list.
While using the approach to introduce her new album era (Hit Me Hard and Soft, out May 17th), the 22-year-old star also shared her usual candid glimpses of life, including a brand new stomach tattoo.
Below, take a look at some of the best photos of Billie's very cool ink, from her thigh-spanning Chinese dragon to the new "hard & soft" duo…
Billie unveiled the newest collection to her body ink on her "Close Friends" story over the weekend, sharing a photo of the word "soft" tattooed in cursive ink across her abs.
The art, pictured just above the line of her waist, also featured an "&" right beside it, suggesting it to be a follow-up to her other recently revealed tattoo…
At the 2023 Variety Hitmakers Brunch in December, Billie wore a blue lamé Dodgers jacket which, when raised up, revealed the word "hard" she'd gotten stamped on her hip in the same cursive font, paired with "& soft."
In an interview with Vanity Fair, she'd previously confessed that she didn't want any face tattoos, emphasizing a preference for ones "barely anyone can see."
MORE: Billie Eilish's dating history – inside the singer's past relationships
Last year, the "Happier Than Ever" hitmaker teased that she'd gotten a huge new tattoo across her back, first sharing a glimpse of it poking out from behind her shirt.
She then posted the full sight of it, a massive oil slick, henna-inspired work reminiscent of intricate patterns and anime swords, running all the way from the top of her neck to her lower back.
SEE: Billie Eilish makes a bold statement with sultry sheer top and chic matching gloves
Perhaps the singer's most revealing piece of ink, she got her surname "Eilish" tattooed under her bust line in a small, cursive font, which has been one fans have gotten to see the least.
However, they did get a small peek of last June, when Billie shared a photo of herself sunning in a graphic string bikini, with her tattoo barely seen poking out from underneath the swimsuit detailing.
MORE: Billie Eilish stuns in a swimsuit in pool night throwback photo
Billie's hand tattoo might be her most intricate and possibly most meaningful, having gotten three fairies on her hand in 2021 from celebrity-loved tattoo parlor Bang Bang in NYC.
In the 2021 edition of her Vanity Fair interview, she stated that the fairies were from a "little fairy book I had growing up called 'Fairyopolis'. They're like my little guardian angel fairies."
MORE: Billie Eilish's stunning $2.3million home belonged to Leona Lewis – details
One of the star's most majestic pieces of art definitely comes from her massive Chinese dragon, which has never been seen fully unleashed. However, the singer has shared occasional sightings of the ink in low-rise jeans, and her British Vogue cover shoot definitely placed more attention on it as well.
In her VF interview, speaking of her three tattoos at the time, she commented on the surname on her chest, saying: "Yes, I love myself," and called the dragon her "big boy."
Get the lowdown on the biggest, hottest celebrity news, features, and profiles coming out of the U.S. Sign up to our HELLO! Hollywood newsletter and get them delivered straight to your inbox. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.