By 

	Tomás Mier


	Imagine having Rihanna fangirling over you. On Thursday night, the Fenty Beauty mogul (and on-hiatus musician) swooned over Billie Eilish‘s music, several weeks after Eilish freaked out that Rih name-checked her as a “dream collaborator.” 

	“Billie Eilish, she knows me?” Rihanna told the Access Hollywood interviewer. “She is the most Anti, coolest girl ever. In my mind, she doesn’t listen to commercial music, or anyone’s music.”

	“She’s creating her diary… vocally,” Rihanna added. “You can feel that she’s zoned into who she is and what she’s experienced, and what she’s feeling, even if she doesn’t know what it is.”

	Late last month, Eilish reacted to Rih telling the same interviewer that the “Birds of a Feather” star was her “dream collaborator,” adding, “If I could only do a song with Billie Eilish. She’s so good.” Eilish later reposted the clip on her Instagram story, writing, “What in the absolute fuck oh my god what the fuck.” 

	










	In the Thursday interview, Rihanna added that she believed Eilish deserved a slew of Grammy nominations. The manifestations came true Friday morning when Eilish earned seven nominations.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	At the 2025 Grammy Awards, Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” will be up for Best Pop Solo Performance and both Record and Song of the Year. Meanwhile, her album Hit Me Hard and Soft received nods for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album, and “L’Amour de Ma Vie” got a nod for Best Dance Pop Recording.

	It’s unclear when Rihanna will next drop an album. She’s approaching nine years since Anti. Earlier this year, she told Extra, “It’s gonna be amazing. It has to be — that is the only reason it’s not out yet. If I’m not feeling it and I’m not feeling like it represents the evolution, the time I spent away. There should be a show of growth, right? I want to play, and I feel like music is a playground, and I want to have fun with it and show truly where I am at.” Could Billie Eilish be the reason we finally get new music?
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.