By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:19, 7 July 2024   |  Updated:  20:49, 7 July 2024   
 259
View  comments
Billie Eilish has worried fans with her most recent Instagram post, which contains a photo of bite marks on her forearms.
After sharing a carousel showcasing her Fourth of July activities, some of the 22-year-old singer's 119 million followers expressed concern.
One snapshot showed Eilish — who revealed she has never been broken up with — with her arms crossed as she displayed two rings indented on her skin.
In another snapshot, in which the hitmaker held her arm up, a round bruise was visible.
One fan asked, 'Is she okay?' while another wrote, 'Explain the bites?'
Billie Eilish has worried fans with her most recent Instagram post, which contains a photo of bite marks on her forearms
After sharing a carousel showcasing her Fourth of July activities, some of the 22-year-old singer's 119 million followers expressed concern over the ring of imprints on her arms
In another snapshot, in which the hitmaker held her arm up, a round bruise was visible
Billie provided no context for the bites and bruises, but used two firework emoji in her caption.
Elsewhere in the slideshow, she posed in a pink bikini top with a white towel wrapped around her waist.
It comes after last month Billie covered Interview magazine, along with an accompanying chat with singer Lana Del Rey.
The two musicians covered multiple subjects, including Billie's latest album Hit Me Hard And Soft, their friendship, and romantic relationships.
Eilish opened up: 'I have a power issue and a control issue, and I also don’t like being vulnerable in a romantic way. It makes me feel uncomfortable, and I don’t know how many times I’ve really been in love.'
The pop star elaborated, 'I think there’s different versions of love, and I think that you can be in love and it might not be deep. 
'I’m not going to get too in detail, because I’m going to be rude, but I’ve never been dumped, and also, I’ve never been broken up with. I’ve only done the breaking up.'
When Lana suggested Billie could be 'running from a relationship,' she agreed.
'Explain the bites?' one person commented
Someone else asked who had bitten her flesh
Another social media user was curious, 'What happened to her arms???'
Someone simply acknowledged 'the bite marks,' adding a string of crying emoji
There was also an Eilish fan who likened the marks to a show of affection
A closeup snap showed the Lunch hitmaker with her dark hair falling over her face
Billie appeared in selfies with makeup artist Sydney, whose Instagram handle is @sydn4sty
'For sure. And I think when people hear that, they’re like, "Oh, all you do is break hearts." Sure, but that doesn’t mean that people are totally innocent. 
'It means that I was like, "Oh, let me get the f*** out of here." Or it means things just weren’t right,' she stated.
And Billie admitted that ending a relationship takes an emotional toll.
She explained: 'I do believe that breaking up with someone versus being broken up with — obviously being broken up with hurts like hell, especially when you don’t see it coming and you wanted a future and it’s taken out of your hands — but honestly, the pain of knowing that you have to end something with somebody that you genuinely love is so horrible.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group