The concert movie was the most-watched music film ever on the streamer, besting films from Billie Eilish and Swift herself
You are reading an exclusive WrapPRO article for free. Want to level up your entertainment career? Go here for more information.
Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour” movie debuted to a fearless audience.
In its opening weekend, the concert film logged 4.6 million views and 16.2 million hours on Disney+, marking the streamer’s most-watched music film to date, according to internal viewing data.
The three-and-a-half-hour movie, which premiered Thursday night on digital, features performances of new songs not featured in the theatrical release, such as “cardigan” and four additional acoustic songs: “Maroon,” “Death by a Thousand Cuts,” “You Are in Love” and “I Can See You.”
The viewership keeps the triumphant streak going for “Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour,” as the film grossed nearly $262 million worldwide at the global box office and is another example of Disney+ being home to major events. The movie outperformed other music films released on Disney+, including Billie Eilish’s “Happier Than Ever: A Love Letter to Los Angeles,” “Elton John: Farewell From Dodger Stadium,” “Black Is King: A Film by Beyoncé,” “The Beatles: Get Back” and Swift’s own “folklore: the long pond studio sessions.”
Disney+ went all out for the release of the “Eras Tour” film. The streamer engineered a full homepage makeover on release day, honoring Swift’s various eras with collections highlighting Disney+’s existing content.
Some examples of the collections included: The “Fearless (Disney’s Version)” collection, highligting heroic and brave adventures like “Moana,” “Percy Jackson and the Olympians,” “Brave,” “The Marvels” and “Limitless with Chris Hemsworth,” to name a few; while “Speak Now (Disney’s Version)” focused on enchantment, princesses and dragons with stories like “The Princess Diaries,” “Enchanted” and “The Princess Bride.”
Her self-titled era, which is also awaiting a release date for its re-recording along with “Reputation,” was noticeably absent from the feature. The singer is set to release her next studio album, “The Tortured Poets Department,” on April 19. 
“Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version)” is now streaming on Disney+.