By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:00, 18 April 2024   |  Updated:  08:03, 18 April 2024   
 21
View  comments
Lana Del Rey has hit out at a former tour manager following her first weekend headlining the 2024 Coachella Music Festival.
The Ultraviolence hitmaker, 38, penned a lengthy Instagram note on Tuesday, thanking her team for contributing to the successful first week, before blasting  former collaborator Pete, seemingly in reference to her tour manager Peter Abbott.   
The New York native — born Elizabeth Woolridge Grant — claimed that Pete, who was her tour manager of 15 years, suddenly quit just over a month before the festival.
In her caption, she thanked a teammate named Emily 'for stepping up as tour manager when Pete quit for no reason after 15 years.'
Lana claimed he left 'because he was butt hurt that I got 10 comped bikes for free from Wally [Crowder] and randomly decided he was more of a stage designer than a tour manager...'
Lana Del Rey, 38, has hit out at a former tour manager following her first weekend headlining the 2024 Coachella Music Festival
Wally helped the Video Games singer choreograph her iconic motorcycle entrance and exit at the event. 
Lana added that Pete's exit came with no warning, writing, 'Never got a phone call probably never will.' 
The star continued to vent: 'Still grateful for the 15 years though. No worries – 37 days was more than enough time to put together an entire headlining set all by ourselves. Not stressful at all.' 
She then praised Emily, writing, 'Way to go Emily you f*****g killed it with grace.' 
In the post she thanked her fans, the band, Crowder, as well as special guests Billie Eilish, Jon Batiste and Jack Antonoff, and shared a number of behind-the-scenes shots of her team.
Among the photos was rehearsal footage, some of her background singers and dancers, and a snap of Del Rey, Batiste and Antonoff. 
'Thank you guys. For f*****g everything, Jack and John and Billie for showing up for me - and the band for just killing it and spending months in Sylmar in a 40° warehouse.'
She added that the cold temperatures caused her to catch 'laryngitis that literally left just a few hours before I hit the stage because Tessa DiPietro spent two hours lifting that cough remotely through her body intuitive skills just minutes before showtime.'
She penned a lengthy Instagram note on Tuesday, thanking her team, before blasting former collaborator named Pete, seemingly in reference to tour manager of 15 years Peter Abbott, for suddenly quitting just over a month before the festival
Lana added that Pete's exit came with no warning, writing, 'Never got a phone call probably never will'; pictured performing at Coachella 
She claimed he left 'because he was butt hurt that I got 10 comped bikes for free from Wally [Crowder]'; seen riding with CHP motorcycle officer Kevin James during her entrance
Wally helped the star choreograph her iconic motorcycle entrance and exit
In the post she thanked her fans, the band, Crowder, as well as special guests Billie Eilish, Jon Batiste and Jack Antonoff, and shared a number of behind-the-scenes shots of her team
One clip saw Antonoff inspecting her incredible stage setup  
The carousel of photos featured a number of candid moments
She also thanked Wally 'for my bad a** bikes.' 
'Every stunning dancer on stage - and Alex for her beautiful choreography. My stunning three singers who danced and sang their a**es off in style and high matching boots. Judah + Chelsea.'
'Thank you to my managers Ben and Ed for making me laugh the entire way through everything for my whole freaking life even though none of it ever makes any sense.'
She also jokingly asked her managers to email them if they ever decided to quit. 
'PS please send me an email If you decide to quit this year - 15 years is a long time for us too.'
'Thank you to Cody!, boss number two for always having my back and doing the most.'
She went on: 'Ric from Stufish ur set with references of the Barbican to bits of kintsugi dripping down the balconies and the same exact tiles as the tiles in the tunnel under Ocean Boulevard.'
'Pat my loving Stage Manager and James. Lammy Joey and James my perfect trifecta of sound. Molly Dixon❤️those dresses! Dolce and Gabbana for literally wrapping silk around my body for hours until I became a shimmering swimming pool.'
Lana will return to the Coachella stage on April 19 for a second weekend; she is seen in February at a pre-Grammy gala in Los Angeles
'Etienne and Anna for somehow making my eyes change color on stage with witchy brush strokes of subtle peach make up and light old Hollywood hair, and Tracey Cunningham for changing my hair to the color of the desert like I wanted.'
'And of course, Paul for inviting us. it was fun. I’ll see you again real soon.' 
Her appearance at Coachella comes a decade after she last performed at the festival. She saw previously set to perform in 2020, before the festival was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Lana will return to the Coachella stage on April 19 for a second weekend. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group