Billie Eilish attends the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party Hosted By Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on March 10, 2024 in Beverly Hills, California.
Billie Eilish opens up about sexuality like she never has before. The 22-year-old Oscar-winning singer-songwriter got candid with Rolling Stone in a new cover story about vulnerable lyrics for her upcoming album.

A post shared by

As we previously reported, the "What Was I Made For?" singer's third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft, drops May 17th. The talented musician made it clear that she isn’t giving fans one crumb of new music until the album is out. She recently revealed the tracklist, with ten songs.

A post shared by

Of the second song on the album, Eilish reveals to Rolling Stone that it is a racy tune about crushing on a girl. Cheekily called "Lunch," she tells the publication the song helped her become more accepting of herself. "That song was actually part of what helped me become who I am, to be real," she said. "I wrote some of it before even doing anything with a girl and then wrote the rest after."
The singer, who previously slammed Variety for outing her back in December, now admits she's been in love with girls her entire life. Eilish said she realized last year, "I wanted my face in a vagina." The award-winning singer admits she wasn't planning on talking about her sexuality "in a million years." The fact that it came up really frustrated her. During her recent Coachella attendance, footage of her kissing her friend and possibly partner Quenlin Blackwell, made its rounds on social media and gossip website coverage.

A post shared by

As we reported at the time, Eilish told Variety that she thought the public’s knowledge of her being attracted to women was “obvious.” However, she didn’t appreciate them running the story, making a “grand gesture” of her coming out. Billie later said that though she wasn’t necessarily coming out; she doesn't believe in the labels. But she didn't like how media outlets were reporting about it. “Why can’t we just exist?” the award-winning artist asked. “I’ve been doing this for a long time and I just didn’t talk about it. Whoops.”
Eilish also posted a response on Instagram calling out the publication. "Thanks Variety for my award and also outing me on a red carpet at 11 a.m. instead of talking about anything else that matters. I like boys and girls leave me alone about it please literally who cares."

A post shared by

Eilish reflected on the moment in her new cover story, aware that "everybody's been thinking this" about her for years, but she's only figuring herself out now. Getting real candid about how she got to understand her sexuality more is by pleasuring herself.
"Self-pleasure is an enormous, enormous part of my life, and a huge, huge help for me," she bluntly stated. "People should be jerking it, man. I can’t stress it enough, as somebody with extreme body issues and dysmorphia that I’ve had my entire life." She says the process has been helpful to "loving myself and accepting myself."
For some reason, famous people's nudes are highly sought after in the age of OnlyFans. A study conducted by Swedish sex toy company LELO identified the most-wanted celebrity nudes that people are searching for online. The site used Google Keyword Planner to analyze the interest in different celebrity nude pictures and similar inquiries that were sexual in nature. In addition, the research provides information regarding which states are looking for particular celebrity images the most. Interestingly enough, the top ten most-searched celebrity nudes were all women. The company noted that in their findings, the most searched are actresses. The search count is per year, from February 2023 to February 2024.
Luka Matutinović, Lelo's Chief Marketing Officer, said of the findings: "People always search for information regarding celebrities, mainly when they see them in films or hear about them in the media. For instance, someone like Jennifer Lawrence, who's been in a lot of big films, might attract more interest because fans feel like they know her from her roles. This can lead people to search for more about her personal life, including private photos. It's just human nature to be curious, especially about those constantly in the public eye."
Kicking off the list of ten most-searched celebrity nudes is Game of Thrones' very own Khaleesi, Emilia Clarke. The English actress is searched 135,000 times on average, with the most interest and hits coming from Kansas. Another popular search inquiry about this actress is “Emilia Clarke Game of Thrones hot scenes.”
Another actress famous for her fantasy role is close behind, with Harry Potter alum Emma Watson taking ninth place on the list of most wanted celebrity nudes. Though she hasn't acted since 2019's Little Women and has no interest in acting anymore, her legacy lives on. Watson's nudes are searched 201,000 times, with Alaska being the top hit.
Taking eighth place is an actress who gained popularity in the first two Transformers films: Megan Fox. The mother of two's nudes are searched 247,000 times, with most inquiries being "Megan Fox OnlyFans leaked." Though Fox does not have OnlyFans, one person is taking advantage of being told she looks just like her on the subscription site.
Scarlett Johansson holds the seventh spot on the list of most wanted celebrity nudes, garnering 250,000 online searches. As one of the highest-paid actresses in recent years, it is no surprise that the screen siren has so many searches. Most of the searches come from Rhode Island.
In sixth place, a celebrity who became famous for her sex tape is Kim Kardashian. The reality star and business tycoon's nudes are searched 268,000 times. Another frequently searched inquiry is "Kim K for Playboy," showing curiosity to see her in a revealing photoshoot. She posed for the magazine in 2007 and has actually expressed regret on the series finale reunion of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, advising her younger self, "I would say don't be so trusting."
Keep scrolling to see who the top five most-searched celebrity nudes belong to:

A post shared by

The Wednesday star kicks off the top five most-searched celebrity nudes. Jenna Ortega ranks fifth on the list of most wanted celebrity nudes with 368,000 searches. New Mexico is the most excited to see the five-foot-one actress's bare-skinned body. Ortega might've upped the interest for her nudes following her A24 performance in X, the horror film about porn stars or her latest controversial role in 2024's Miller's Girl, where she plays a student with an [inlink id="jenna-ortega-discusses-controversial-sex-scene" text="inappropriate relationship with her teacher"]. Whatever the reason, Ortega is one of the youngest actresses on the list at 21 years old.
You can brush her hair, but can't undress this Barbie anywhere. Margot Robbie takes the fourth spot on the list, with 370,000 people wanting to see her in the nude. The Barbie star’s naked image search is particularly trending in Connecticut, where people have resorted to giving AI prompts such as “Margot Robbie in a birthday suit.” Despite being a married woman to film producer and actor Tom Ackerley, fans don't seem bothered at all when it comes to their curious eyes.

A post shared by

Ice Spice nearly tied for second most-wanted celebrity nudes with only 5,000 fewer searches, at 445,000. The state of Arkansas is the most interested in seeing 23-year-old rapper naked. Ever since she burst onto the scene, Ice Spice has always capitalized on her sexuality. She was, after all, discovered on TikTok after "Munch" went viral, catching the eye of Drake. With rap lines like, "She a baddie, she showin' her panty, she shake it like jelly," the rising rapper's nude searches taking third place is of no surprise.

A post shared by

The "What Was I Made For?" songstress takes second place for the most-searched nudes. Eilish, who is just 22 years old, is searched 450,000 times monthly online. Her nudes are most sought after in Kentucky, where people also search for “Billie’s sexy breast pictures.” Eilish is known for her androgynous style and for a long time, especially at the start of her career as a teenager, she wore baggy clothing as not to be ogled and have her body ripped to shreds by critics. That all changed after she turned 19 and graced the cover of British Vogue in a corset. She still wears baggy and more masculine clothing while performing or for red carpet events, though.
Jennifer Lawrence tops the list of most wanted celebrity nudes, with 1.2 million people searching for them online. Another popular inquiry is “Jennifer Lawrence OnlyFans,” highlighting the public's interest in seeing her in a more revealing manner. The No Hard Feelings star's nude photos are particularly popular in Wyoming. Surprisingly, Lawrence and Robbie don't have social media accounts, yet account for some of the most sought-after nudes. No doubt due to their influence in media and movies that the women have such a curious fanbase to see them nude.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!