Amy Adams exclusively told E! News that her 14-year-daughter Aviana, who she shares with husband Darren Le Gallo, is not interested in following in her mom's famous footsteps.
It appears Amy Adams' daughter Aviana is less than enchanted with the idea of a Hollywood career. 
The Disenchanted star's 14-year-old daughter—whom she shares with husband of nine years, Darren Le Gallo—made her red carpet debut at the 2024 Toronto International Film Festival for the Canadian premiere of her mom's new film Nightb---h Sept. 7. And as Amy explained, Aviana is not interested when it comes to following in her mother's famous footsteps.
"That is not her current plan," she exclusively told E! News' Francesca Amiker at the premiere. "She very much wants a different path."
Still, the Oscar-nominee isn't ruling out the fact that the teen might change her mind day.
"We'll see," she continued. "I never say never."
But regardless of what Aviana chooses for her future career, she'll always have Amy by her side. As the 50-year-old noted, "I'll support her no matter what she wants to do."
And that support goes both ways, as Amy was particularly overjoyed to have Aviana by her side, especially as she picked up a TIFF Tribute Award on Sept. 8 alongside fellow stars Angelina Jolie and Cate Blanchett.
"To my daughter Aviana, who this is the first time—sorry," Amy told the crowd while fighting back tears, per People. "This is the first time that she's gotten to be an event like this with me."
And of course, the Arrival actress took the opportunity to tell her daughter just how thankful she is for all the important ways that Aviana has changed her life.
"I get to tell her in front of you all how much I'm grateful for making me not only a better mother," she continued, "but a better person."
She added, "Every day you challenge me."
Apparently, those challenges have been going on for years, as Amy previously joked that Aviana is not afraid to tell her mom exactly what she thinks of more musical based skills—like when Amy tried to learn the ukulele, mandolin and cello during the early days of Covid quarantine.
"I tried to learn 'Party Favor' by Billie Eilish," Amy told Seth Meyers in 2020. "And my daughter was like, 'Yeah, you can't—You're not allowed to sing Billie Eilish.'"
As it turns out, while Amy can famously sing, she "can't play."
To see more stars at the 2024 Toronto International Film Festival, keep reading.
Rebel Wilson and Daughter Royce
Rebel had a very special outing with daughter Royce to celebrate her film The Deb.
Lucy Liu
The Charlie's Angels alum looked sparkly in silver at the premiere of Presence.
Scarlett Crabtree
The Australian actress looked positively adorable as she hit the red carpet in costume for the premiere of her feature film debut, The Deb.
Kaia Gerber
The supermodel strutted down the red carpet runway.
Rebel Wilson and Ramona Agruma
The couple were all smiles as they attended the premiere of The Deb, Rebel's directorial debut.
Kate Hudson
The How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days actress looked pretty in pink as she attended the premiere of her film Shell.
Sarah Paulson
The American Horror Story star went for a dramatic look at the premiere of her film Hold Your Breath.
Kiefer Sutherland
The 24 alum took a moment to pose with his adoring fans as he attended the premiere of Takin’ Care of Business.
Gillian Anderson
The X-Files alum looked extra sparkly as she hit the red carpet.
Jason Isaacs
The Harry Potter alum kept it simple at the Royal Alexandra Theatre for his film The Salt Path.
Este Haim
The Haim member looked fabulous in all black as she flexed her acting muscles in Shell.
Diane Kruger
The National Treasure actress proved she's a treasure herself as she snapped a selfie with fans at the premiere of The Shrouds.
Morena Baccarin
The Deadpool star was a vision in violet as she attended the premiere of her film, Millers in Marriage.
Kaia Gerber and Kate Hudson
The actresses enjoyed some girl talk over a glass of Campari at an after-party for the Shell premiere. 
Will Ferrell and Harper Steele
The best friends of over 30 years hit the red carpet together for the premiere of their new documentary, Will & Harper.
Benjamin Bratt
The Miss Congeniality alum and his gray beard flashed a smile at the premiere of Millers in Marriage.
Bing the Dog
Bing proved he's a very good boy as he posed on the red carpet for the premiere of his movie, The Friend.
Julianna Margulies
The Good Wife alum struck a pose on the carpet for the premiere of her upcoming film Millers in Marriage.
Rachel Sennott
The Bottoms actress gave her best smize to the camera while posing alongside a llama.
Patrick Wilson
The Phantom of the Opera star struck the right chord in an all-black ensemble.
Denzel Washington and Family
The Oscar winner was joined by his wife Pauletta Washington and children Katia Washington, Malcolm Washington and John David Washington for the premiere of The Piano Lesson, which was written by son Malcolm and stars John David.
Brian d'Arcy James
The Broadway star was all smiles for the camera as he attended the premiere of Millers in Marriage.
Bill Murray
The Ghostbusters star was busting hunger pangs, passing out French fries at the Riff Raff premiere afterparty.
Dylan O'Brien
The Teen Wolf actor went for a black on black on black look while attending the premiere of Saturday Night.
Pharrell Williams
The "Happy" singer hit the red carpet with his mini Lego figure for the premiere of his film Piece By Piece, which tells the story of his life through Lego animation.
Carla Gugino and Naomi Watts
The Friend costars went for contrasting vibes while enjoying an afterparty together.
Nicholas Braun and J.K. Simmons
The Saturday Night costars looked delighted to be celebrating their upcoming movie.
Cate Blanchett
The Oscar winner was ready for a spoon-related emergency as she attended the premiere of her film Disclaimer.
Selena Gomez
The Only Murders in the Building actress looked instantly iconic for the premiere of Emilia Perez.
Grace Vanderwaal
The Stargirl alum cut a striking figure on the red carpet to celebrate the premiere of Megalopolis.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.