ARIZONA NEWS
Apr 29, 2024, 8:38 AM                            | Updated: 8:49 am
Billie Eilish, shown performing with her brother Finneas at the 2024 Academy Awards, will stop in the Phoenix area in December 2024 as part of an upcoming world tour. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
BY KEVIN STONE
KTAR.com
PHOENIX – Eclectic pop phenom Billie Eilish announced an ambitious world tour that includes a late fall stop in metro Phoenix.
The singer/songwriter will return to Desert Diamond Arena in Glendale on Dec. 13 as part of her “Hit Me Hard and Soft: The Tour.”
Presales start Tuesday, and remaining tickets will go on sale to the general public Friday at noon.
According to the Ticketmaster seating chart, the stage will be set up in middle of the arena floor.
HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOURTickets on sale May 3rd. Pre-sales in select markets April 30th-May 1st, including early access for @americanexpress Card Members. Pre-sale access does not guarantee tickets. Terms apply. Supply is limited.https://t.co/D172RG7UjO pic.twitter.com/dzZL4YvFMb
— billie eilish (@billieeilish) April 29, 2024
The 10-month tour includes shows across North American, Australia and Europe. It kicks off Sept. 29 in Quebec City and runs through late July with two dates in Dublin.
Eilish burst onto the scene in 2019 with her debut album, “When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?” The chart-topping release featured the No. 1 single “Bad Guy.”
Her 2021 follow-up album, “Happier Than Ever,” also topped the charts.
Eilish will release her highly anticipated third album, “Hit Me Hard and Soft,” on May 17. Like her previous albums, it was cowritten by Finneas, her brother and longtime musical collaborator.
Now 22, the Los Angeles native already has nine Grammy Awards, two Oscars and a James Bond theme song on her lengthy list of accomplishments.
Eilish last visited Arizona in April 2022, when she played two nights at Gila River Arena, Desert Diamond Arena’s former name.
Follow @kstonezone
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
David Veenstra

                                            A man is in critical condition after he was shot multiple times in a parking lot outside Casey Moore's Oyster House in Tempe on Saturday.                                        
4 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            The Arizona Department of Public Safety issued a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Goodyear man with a medical condition who had gone missing.                                        
6 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            A man was arrested after allegedly stabbing his roommate to death in north Phoenix on Friday, according to authorities.                                        
7 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Water goers throughout Arizona can exchange their old life jackets for new ones this May, thanks to the Arizona Game and Fish Department.                                        
8 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Self-screenings for HPV are now being offered at Sonora Quest Laboratories in Arizona, the medical company announced on Tuesday.                                        
10 hours ago
KTAR.com

                                            Authorities canceled a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Phoenix woman with a cognitive condition who went missing on Wednesday.                                         
12 hours ago

                                Sonic                            

                                As spring training kicks off in Arizona, baseball fans are flocking to the Valley of the Sun to catch their favorite teams in action.                            

                                Bright Wealth Management                            

                                As you plan your financial future, the three-bucket approach has emerged as a strategy that will help manage short-term, medium-term and long-term financial goals.                            

                                Asset Preservation Wealth & Tax                            

                                As your plan out your retirement plan, asking the right questions with your retirement planner will give you a better understanding on how to map out your plan.