It may have been the height of summer, but that didn’t stop Isabelle Huppert from walking the red carpet at the 2024 Cannes Film Festival in a custom Balenciaga bathrobe dress.
Of course, it wasn’t a fresh-out-of-the-shower look; Huppert draped her décolletage in De Beers diamond necklaces and accessorized further with impenetrable black shades and a nude pointy-toe pantaboot. With an elevated, off-the-shoulder silhouette and a sexy slit, the look felt eveningwear appropriate. Rihanna felt similarly, it seems, since she gave her own take on the look not long after Huppert hit the Croisette.
In September, Rih jetted off across the pond to celebrate the launch of Fenty Hair at Selfridges during London Fashion Week. Like Huppert, she opted for a fuzzy, off-the-shoulder look, although her pale yellow number was custom Jacquemus.
Yesterday, Angelina Jolie became the latest to try out the bathwear trend. The actor, who is promoting her film Maria at the New York Film Festival, left her hotel wearing a silky ecru dress underneath a black robe coat. The fuzzy texture and shawl collar gave the coat the same bathrobe energy as Huppert and Rihanna’s dresses.
So whether you need a dress for a formal event, a coat for the fall, or—hey—even something to wear when you get out of the shower, consider adding the humble bathrobe to your fashion repertoire.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty