The lingerie line’s rebrand is all about sensual ease, for everybody
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Rihanna is the kind of person who texts you in the middle of the night when she has a stroke of genius before going to bed.
I know this not because I know her, but because designer Adam Selman told me. And he knows her better than most. Selman worked as the Grammy winner and mogul’s stylist for many years, creating some of her most recognizable custom looks, like the shimmering naked dress she wore to the 2014 CFDAs, where she famously received the Style Icon Award and in her acceptance speech talked about fashion having been a defense mechanism for her growing up: “She could beat me, but she cannot beat my outfit.” (Even 10 years later, no one can.)
Selman went on to create his own eponymous brand, which he closed in 2019. In 2022, Rihanna came calling to see if he would come on board as the chief design officer for her lingerie brand, Savage × Fenty. “When Rihanna calls,” he told me on a recent Zoom call, “I pick up. Every time.”
He also never leaves her on read when she texts, which Selman and Savage × Fenty CEO Hillary Super, on the same call, tell me she does often. Recently, the three have been in constant communication about the brand’s next chapter, Soft N’ Savage.
Rihanna teased the rebrand this morning on Instagram, with a video of herself walking around a room in a simple brown bra and underwear, layered underneath a long fur coat. Her voice can be heard over the camcorder-shot footage, speaking in a tantalized, teasing whisper, “My body … my feeling … my being … my flavor … my freedom … my love … my move … my ease … my people … my sensation.”
Selman and Super say this brand refresh has been in the works for a while now—two years, to be exact. “When Rihanna first started the brand, she wasn’t a mother! Now she’s a mother of two … and she’s obviously a global superstar,” Super tells me. “She has since founded a portfolio of brands, and she’s doing all things, everywhere, all the time. And I think that really requires a different way of living.”
Soft N’ Savage reflects that change in her lifestyle and the need to provide something new to her customers, who are growing alongside her, as well. When Savage × Fenty launched, Selman points out, it was all about loud, bold, and flashy occasion lingerie. Now, the brand is looking to make an assortment of products that possess a “sensual ease.” It’s the type of thing you don’t need a reason to wear, but that instead forms the base of every outfit you wear to live your daily life.
To start, Selman says, they went back to the fit of the bras: “We redid them. We developed the fabric, we developed the innovation around it, we developed our pad within it—which is like this yummy marshmallow pad. I think we’re known for the sexy out-there intimates, but we wanted to still bring that boldness and that sexiness in more of an everyday way, while still giving the customer every bit of comfort.” It’s more polished, but still the kind of thing you can wear if you are, say, Rihanna, and looking for a comfortable set to wear under a fur coat just because.
At the mention of the marshmallow pad, Super interjects and makes sure to add that the Soft N’ Savage demi bra “is the softest bra ever. The fit is impeccable, and it manages to be sexy, too.” As always, Rihanna is the brand’s muse. “She is always an inspiration to us,” Super says. “And I think she—like many women—is juggling many, many things in her life, and we want to be able to meet her—and them—for all of those occasions.”
As always, inclusivity is a priority. Selman notes that they’ve used five fit models for all new products. When I mention that Savage × Fenty really paved the way for other brands to reconsider the way they marketed underwear, to encompass far more skin and body types, he affirms: “At Savage, though, we really walk the walk.” They aren’t following anyone else, except for Rihanna, who has always led the charge for diversity and inclusion with all her brands. Savage x Fenty was never for the select few; it’s always been for everyone. And now, with Soft N’ Savage, it’s for everyone, everywhere, no matter what they are doing.
Super says that Soft N’ Savage “is a state of mind. My hope is that we’re making women feel sexy and confident, like they’re gonna crush the day.”
“Like Rihanna?” I ask.
And both she and Selman nod and smile. Exactly like Rihanna.
Soft N’ Savage will be available tomorrow at savagex.com, at prices ranging from  $16.95 to $39.95.
I Swear This Cardigan Transcends Seasons
How to Get the Dandy Look
7 Best Asics Shoes for Walking
10 Gifts for the Most Important Gems: Moms
5 Sneaker Trends Defining Spring 2025
In Praise of the Perfect Pump
50 Luxury Gifts for Men in 2025
14 Best Alo Yoga Anniversary Sale Finds
These Timeless Summer Shoes Are a Royal Favorite
55 Mother’s Day Gifts for Stylish Moms
It’s Time to Buy a Pair of White Shoes
16 Ways to Make Stripes Feel Fresh
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.