Ever wondered which products the Love Island contestants are using to get their glossy pout or bronzed glow? We’d be lying if we told you we hadn’t sat watching the ITV2 dating show - remote in hand - ready to hit pause while the girls are getting glam for nights in the villa. 
However, you don’t have to strain your eyes to find out which beauty buys have been villa-approved, because high street retailer Boots has done all the hard work for us. That’s right, you can now shop all of the makeup, skincare and more from the villa all in one place. 
The health and beauty chain has once again partnered with the popular show for a sixth year running. And to help shoppers get the Love Island look, they have created a dedicated page on their website that makes it easier than ever to couple up with new beauty picks, The Mirror reports. 
The page features over 140 of the hottest beauty brands right now, including exciting new to Boots brands such as Milk Makeup, Theo Beauty Crop and Natural Collection. Not to mention returning favourites like Fenty, No7, Soltan, The Inkey List and Urban Decay. There are more than 1,700 products to choose from, spanning premium makeup, fragrance, skincare, suncare, grooming, indulgent bathing, haircare lines and so much more.
Just in time for summer, our shopping experts have picked out some of the best villa-approved beauty finds for every budget, including top picks under £5, £10 and £20. Here’s everything you need to know about upgrading your daily beauty routine like a Love Islander:
Glass skin remains a major skincare trend in 2024, and one of the products helping Islanders achieve that level of radiance is the Boots Glow Essence, which costs £5 and has been a staple in the villa for several years. The serum is designed to energise, hydrate and refresh the skin, to leave it looking brighter and feeling plumped with moisture.
Leaving a five-star review on the Boots website, one shopper said: “I was given this at Christmas in a gift set. I’ve used various serums from stupidly expensive to ridiculously cheap over the years but I can honestly say, this tiny bottle does what it says…. GLOWING SKIN!!
"I’m now on my 3rd bottle and I won’t swap it for anything else. I’m 45 years old and my skin has never looked so plump or well-hydrated since issuing this. I’ve had so many compliments since using this that its boosted my confidence! I use it with the Glow moisturiser and cannot get over how such an amazing product can be so low cost.”
Another commented: “Bought the Boots glow essence serum last week after reading rave reviews. It really does smell lovely, makeup goes on a dream & is not greasy at all. Gives skin a lovely, healthy glow & I'll definitely repurchase this. Good value too with 28ml in a pretty bottle.”
Of 155 reviews on the Boots website, only 12 people rated it one star, with one commenting: “Not too keen on this product I have oily skin and it seemed to make it look and feel worse it gave my skin a greasy appearance. Probably would work a lot better for normal skin.”
A must in our skincare cupboard, these Boots Biodegradable Fragrance-Free Cleansing Wipes are an affordable way to quickly remove even waterproof makeup, as well as unwanted excess oils and impurities. Unlike some other brands on the market, they’re biodegradable, plastic-free and chlorine-free, meaning they’re not only gentle on skin, but on the planet, too.
Sex in the City star Sarah Jessica Parker has also revealed she’s a fan of these wipes, using them after a cleanser to leave her feeling fresh-faced.
Nothing can put you off your romance game like the worry you’ve got whiffy pits, but we can always count on Mitchum to ensure our underarms remain daisy-fresh. This antiperspirant has been expertly formulated for ultra-powerful 48-hour sweat and odour control, and applies invisibly so as not to leave any white marks on your date night outfit. We can’t go anywhere without a can of this, and the Flower Fresh scent is perfect for the summer months.
The got2b Glued 4 Brows & Edges 2in1 Gel is a relatively new innovative styling gel which launched in 2022. It is designed to ensure your brows and edges stay in shape all day long.
The invisible gel formula is vegan and free of silicones and offers ‘super strong hold for up to 72 hours’. The gel is said to be ‘fast drying with no flakes and without stickiness or residue’, with a versatile two-sided fibre brush allowing for easy and precise application and styling.
It brings all the staying power as the got2B Glued hairspray, with shoppers rating it 4.1 stars out of five based on 66 reviews - more than half of which are five stars. One said it was the “best brow glue I’ve used”, with another saying it “holds brow hairs and edges down all day”.
Some users say it’s better than paying to have them professionally laminated, which is a treatment that needs re-doing every eight weeks and can soon prove costly. One wrote: “Like glue. I go over the hairs lightly at first to get the preferred shape and then go over again and press down to get the laminated effect.”
Some complained that while it was “really really good at fixing my hair and brows in place all day”, when it dries it “can go white”. But others have said there’s a knack to applying - and the trick is not to use too much.
Love Island is filmed near Mallorca, so a high SPF that can be topped up throughout the day is a must. The Soltan Clear & Cool Protect Suncare Mist SPF50+ 200ml provides maximum 5-star UVA protection, which will not only help prevent sunburn, but also protect against long-term skin damage and premature ageing.
The transparent, non-greasy mist offers instant cooling and coverage. It is water-resistant, dries quickly without any sticky residue, and does not leave white marks, making it suitable for all skin tones. The mist has a refreshing tropical fragrance and is ideal for misting over makeup or onto the scalp throughout the day.
This summer, we’re ditching matte makeup in favour of dewy finishes and bronzed complexions. To help makeup enthusiasts achieve that radiant finish with their routine, Makeup Revolution has launched a brand new beauty/skincare hybrid that can be used in multiple ways to deliver the ultimate sun-kissed glow in seconds.
The effortless, customisable drops are an affordable answer to an instant skin-kissed look without the damage. They have been formulated with a hydrating blend of squalane, hyaluronic acid and grapeseed oil.
There are a few different ways these can be used, from applying straight to your face or mixed in with moisturiser, or combining with foundation to add luminosity to your base. Highly pigmented, the drops are easy to apply and offer an immediate bare-faced glow.
Other brands that have launched similar glow-giving formulas in recent months include L’Oreal with their Glotion, which is £11.99 at Boots, while Cult Beauty is stocking the £33 Glow Recipe Watermelon Glow Niacinamide Hue Drops. For something a little more long-lasting but equally as customisable, Charlotte Tilbury Island Glow tanning drops, can be applied under, with or over moisturiser.
When it comes to viral makeup sensations, few products have captured the hearts and peepers of thousands of beauty buffs quite like Maybelline’s Lash Sensational Sky High Mascara. Soon after its launch in 2021, the drugstore lash product skyrocketed to the top of the charts after going viral on TikTok for delivering gravity-defying lashes.
Adored by beauty enthusiasts and influencers alike, this mascara has become the secret weapon for achieving flawless, fluttery lashes that almost seem too good to be true. The waterproof version of this bestselling formula is ideal for poolside retreats, with the washable mascara being infused with bamboo extract and fibres for long, full lashes that never get weighed down.
The Fenty Gloss Bomb Heat Lip Luminizer and Plumper was a major hit with 2021 winner Millie Court and 2019 contestant Anna Vakili. The gloss has been trending once again for its ultra-glossy wet-look finish and range of flattering shades that suit all skin tones, making it a beauty bag staple for the summer.
Coming in three universal shades handpicked by Rihanna herself, it provides instantly fuller and smoother lips with a non-sticky formula that’s super shiny and has an addictive peach-vanilla scent you just can’t get enough of.
Rihanna was obsessed with creating the perfect gloss that makes you want to put it on over and over again. She said: “I made it because I wanted the girls to get kissed more,” so you can see why it’s popular in the villa. You can find more of The Mirror’s favourite lip glosses here.
While the villa is packed with electronic styling tools, including the Dyson Airwrap, we can’t blame some of the Islanders for perhaps saving some time in the morning by opting for heatless overnight curls instead. The Kitsch Satin Pillow Rollers mean you can get gorgeous curls or waves with minimal effort while avoiding heat damage.