Rihanna won’t be among the A-listers casting her vote for Kamala Harris, or filling in a ballot for anyone at all, as she is Barbadian. Instead, the superstar is spending Election Day by getting out the vote in the most Rihanna way possible: Eviscerating naysayers in her Instagram comments.
The words “discount crotch” will go down in infamy, if there’s any justice in the world. That’s a descriptor that Rih slung at one commenter on a video she shared to her grid Monday, in which she stares wistfully out of frame above the text “POV: Me trying to sneak into the polls with my son’s passport #votecauseIcant.”
“when protecting pussies and firing pussies can happen all in one vote #votecauseicant #TanSuitSeason,” she captioned the post.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
As a citizen of Barbados, Rihanna (born Robyn Fenty) isn’t eligible to vote in the U.S. What she is eligible to do, however, is call a commenter who negged her “an illiterate ass ho.”
“Ew,” Rih wrote, as highlighted in a post by the account @commentsbycelebs, entirely dedicated to her comebacks in the comments section.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
In response to another commenter who suggested that the singer and mother of two should be arrested for “trying” to vote illegally, Rihanna simply wrote, “shut up Karen.”
To yet another who said that celebrities shouldn’t voice their political opinions, Rihanna replied, “Where were you Jan 6 sis?”
“Stick to your discounted crotch,” she continued. “We out here fighting for its rights!”
“I’m sleeping outside to make sure the navy shows up,” she said, referring to her avid fanbase, the self-appointed Navy.
You’ve gotta respect a person who really knows how to put the “get out” into “get out the vote.”
A representative for Rihanna did not immediately respond to Vanity Fair’s request for comment.
For up-to-the-minute updates on Election Day, head to Vanity Fair's 2024 Election liveblog for commentary, news, and everything you need to know from our experts and reporters across the country.
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
Trump’s Lies Are Finally Catching Up to Him
The UK Has Found Another Reason to Be Mad at Meghan Markle
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
Why Are Americans So Obsessed With Protein? Blame MAGA.
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment