“New Year, New Me,” she captioned her post
Sticking to your New Year’s resolutions can be considered a whole resolution itself, but as she kicked off 2025, Rihanna celebrated achieving that goal. 
In a clip shared to her Instagram, the singer held up her phone to show a livestream of the annual ball drop in Times Square, counting down the seconds to the new year. As the clock struck midnight, she excitedly announced: “Y'all I didn't drink all year! I didn't drink all year.” Her post was accordingly captioned, “New Year, New Me.”
Rihanna didn’t clarify if her break from alcohol was temporary, or if it was a lifestyle choice she would keep moving into 2025. Either way, plenty of fans took to the comments to congratulate the Fenty mogul on her milestone, while others commented on how another year had passed without a new music release from the artist. “New Year, Old Albums,” one follower wrote. Another joked, “I thought it was the countdown for the album drop.”
At an Apple Music press conference prior to her headlining performance at the 2023 SuperBowl, the Anti singer mentioned that she expected her next album to be released that year—an anniversary that came and went. Here’s hoping one of her resolutions for 2025 is new music. 
Of course, a new year doesn’t necessarily constitute changing everything about yourself—so for the occasion, RiRi opted for one of her signature laid-back looks, dressing up a fuzzy gray robe with diamond earrings and sharp eyeliner. Her hair was slicked back into a ponytail with cascading curls. 
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.