By 

	Tomás Mier


Drake is continuing to stand by Tory Lanez amid the rapper’s attempt to appeal his sentence for shooting Megan Thee Stallion, this time calling for Lanez’s freedom.

	On Monday, Drake posted a photo of the rapper, who is currently in prison for shooting Megan in 2020, with the caption, “3 you,” a slang term for “free you,” with the number 3 symbolizing open handcuffs.  

	Lanez was sentenced to 10 years in prison in August, nearly eight months after he was found guilty of shooting Megan Thee Stallion in her feet. He is expected to appeal the court’s verdict in a hearing Monday.

	Drake infamously aimed at Megan in Her Loss song “Circo Loco” with the line: “This bitch lie ’bout getting shots, but she still a stallion/She don’t even get the joke but she still smiling.”
Drake speaks on Tory Lanez‼️“3 You.” pic.twitter.com/bc9CVqsX7l

	Megan responded to Drake at the time in a social media post, writing, “Since when tf is it cool to joke abt women getting shot! You n—as especially RAP N—-as ARE LAME! Ready to boycott bout shoes and clothes but dog pile on a black woman when she say one of y’all homeboys abused her.”

	










	In a follow-up tweet, she added, “People attack me y’all go up for it, I defend myself now I’m doing too much … every time it never ends and this did NOT happen until I came out and said I got shot.”

	On Aug. 20, 2020, Megan alleged that Lanez shot her in the foot following a pool party at Kylie Jenner’s house in July. The following October, Lanez was charged with one felony count of assault with a semiautomatic firearm and another for carrying a loaded, unregistered firearm in a vehicle. 
Stop using my shooting for clout bitch ass Niggas! Since when tf is it cool to joke abt women getting shot ! You niggas especially RAP NIGGAS ARE LAME! Ready to boycott bout shoes and clothes but dog pile on a black woman when she say one of y’all homeboys abused her

	“In some kind of way I became the villain,” Megan told Rolling Stone in a cover story interview in June 2022 about the reaction to the shooting. “And I don’t know if people don’t take it seriously because I seem strong. I wonder if it’s because of the way I look. Is it because I’m not light enough? Is it that I’m not white enough? Am I not the shape? The height? Because I’m not petite? Do I not seem like I’m worth being treated like a woman?”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Drake isn’t the first uninvolved rapper to point fingers at Megan and defend Lanez publicly. After Megan dropped her song “Hiss” on Jan. 26, Nicki Minaj incessantly talked and posted about Megan, releasing a diss of her own, “Big Foot,” focused entirely on the Houston rapper. 

	










	Minaj claimed multiple times that Megan lied about being shot in the foot by Lanez, saying she “wanted a Rihanna moment so bad,” referencing Rihanna surviving domestic violence at the hands of Chris Brown. She also posted photos of her two feet.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.