“I thought it would just happen and grow back,” she said at a launch party for Fenty Hair
Rihanna had a candid conversation about postpartum hair loss at the launch party for Fenty Hair.
In an interview with Refinery29 at the Los Angeles event on Monday, the Grammy-winning singer and beauty mogul opened up about dealing with unexpected postpartum symptoms after the birth of her and rapper A$AP Rocky’s sons, two-year-old RZA and 10-month-old Riot.
“I didn’t expect it to happen in waves. I thought it would just happen and grow back,” she said, per People.
She revealed that she began losing hair in patches after giving birth, and had not realized that this side effect was even “on the pamphlet.” She added, “At that point you’re just like: All right, enough is enough.” 
The hair loss kick-started a new journey for the superstar, who responded to it by figuring out “more creative and clever” hairstyles. Over the past few months, these ’dos have included bubblegum-pink curls, honey-blonde layers, and braided updos. But one of the biggest hair statements she’s made recently was simply showing off her natural curls in the lead-up to the Fenty Hair launch. She was spotted out in New York City this past weekend with her natural hair (which was stylishly complemented by a John Galliano mink fur coat and a vintage Louis Vuitton × Sprouse Alma bag).
In a speech at the Fenty Hair event, Rihanna talked about her motivation for launching the hair care line.
“Evolving as a woman and even as an artist, hair has been such a huge part of that and a reflection of whatever I’m feeling,” she said. “So, it changes a lot and my hair goes through a lot. Making this brand, I had to consider all of those things. I want to look fly, but I want my hair to be healthy. How do I do that? All of my products need to strengthen and repair while I’m out just being fabulous.”
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.