Warwick says she would prefer rumors of a collaboration with Rihanna.

													By
												

	Starr Bowenbank


Dionne Warwick is looking to put false reports to rest.

	The “Walk On By” singer took to X this week to clear up a report from Daily Mail that claimed she — alongside Andrea Bocelli, actor Martin Sheen and boxer Mike Tyson — was scheduled to appear at a campaign fundraiser for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.

	Warwick’s response was to a Daily Mail post on X that read: “Superstar tenor @AndreaBocelli will perform at fundraiser for US presidential hopeful @RobertKennedyJr with ‘well wisher’ guests including Martin Sheen, @MikeTyson and @dionnewarwick.” 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Dionne Warwick		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	In response to the X post, Warwick wrote: “I don’t know anything about this event. I did not agree to it and I certainly won’t be there.” When a person in the comments responded “Damn Dionne I almost got my respect back for you,” she retorted, “That’s okay, baby. Keep it.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	In a follow-up X post — in which she shared a screenshot of the Daily Mail article — she wrote, “This is absolutely ridiculous. If you are going to lie on my name, at least lie about something cool. ‘Revealed: Dionne collaborates with Rihanna on new album…'”

	Martin Sheen also shot down the Daily Mail report, asking his West Wing co-star Bradley Whitford to share a message to X on his behalf. “There’s a story going around saying that Martin Sheen is supporting @RobertKennedyJr for president,” Whitford posted. “The story is incorrect. Martin asked us to post this on his behalf. ‘I wholeheartedly support President Joe Biden and the democratic ticket in 2024. Sincerely, Martin Sheen.'”

	See Warwick and Whitford’s posts below.
I don’t know anything about this event. I did not agree to it and I certainly won’t be there. https://t.co/h12mFFpdq6
This is absolutely ridiculous. If you are going to lie on my name, at least lie about something cool.“Revealed: Dionne collaborates with Rihanna on new album…” pic.twitter.com/Fve7W3Ikhl
There’s a story going around saying that Martin Sheen is supporting @RobertKennedyJr for president. The story is incorrect. Martin asked us to post this on his behalf. “I wholeheartedly support President Joe Biden and the democratic ticket in 2024.Sincerely,Martin Sheen”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.