On Friday, Rihanna sparkled at the Alaïa Spring 2025 show, held at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum. The star was wearing a custom Alaïa crystal mesh coat which draped off of her shoulders and trailed behind her as she walked. Underneath, glimpses of her white corset could be seen through the glimmering netting.
The Fenty Beauty founder wore the look with with strappy heels with pearl adornments that wrapped halfway up her calves. She had her hair down in thick curls. In her ears she wore a pair of pearl drop earrings. She also had on several bracelets and a large diamond ring.
Rihanna took a seat in the front row to watch the models walk the new line, including Kendall Jenner and Leonardo DiCaprio’s girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti. Founded by Azzedine Alaïa, the line is currently under the creative direction of Pieter Mulier.
Last month, Rihanna aligned with another designer, becoming the face of Dior’s J’adore fragrance. Talking about the move with Vogue, Rihanna shared a bit about her family’s connection to cosmetics and perfume.
“My mother worked in a perfume shop,” she shared. “She used to always bring home the J’adore testers when they were almost empty, so there was always a bottle in the house. I have always loved this perfume.”
She also talked a bit about shooting the campaign at Versailles.
“Versailles is enchanting,” said the ANTI singer. “Everything is astonishingly beautiful. It embodies so much history and the magnitude of French luxury. Being able to wander around there early in the morning was a privilege and a breathtaking experience from beginning to end.”
She added, “J’adore is closely connected to gold, through its color, its bottle, and its image. Nowhere else in the world could you be surrounded by as much gold as Versailles. It is a dream in gold!”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.