By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:17, 1 January 2025   |  Updated:  01:47, 2 January 2025   
 110
View  comments
Rihanna fans went wild when she clapped back at a troll who decided to comment on her forehead. 
The drama kicked off when the superstar posted a video celebrating the 2025 New Year and her commitment to 'not drinking' throughout 2024.
However, one cheeky follower had to bring up the fact that Rihanna hasn’t dropped a new album since 2016.
A user named Lorenzo wrote, 'We want an album forehead,' but the pop queen wasn’t having it.
'Listen, Lorenzo! You ain’t cute enough to be calling me by my Black name, you dizzy f***!' she fired back, and the internet erupted.
One fan commented, 'RIHANNNNAAAAA starting off 2025 exactly right, tell em queen,' while another said, 'Let us all bring the authenticity that Riri is bringing in that comment to 2025.'
Rihanna fans went wild when she clapped back at a troll who decided to comment on her forehead; (seen in December 2024)
The drama kicked off when the superstar posted a video celebrating the 2025 New Year and her commitment to 'not drinking' throughout 2024
A third chimed in, 'She wanted to be violent this 2025 and he deserves it!'
Meanwhile, some fans even begged for Rihanna’s roasting skills, with one posting, 'HAHAHAHAHAH I want her to roast me.' 
Rihanna’s clapback came right after she and A$AP Rocky rang in 2025 together, showing a united front as he faces his upcoming firearms trial.
The couple was seen out and about in New York City on Tuesday night, celebrating the New Year in style.
Just days earlier, reports revealed that Rihanna is reportedly 'terrified' A$AP could be sent to prison over the trial, with sources suggesting that’s why the power couple has been stepping up their public appearances together.
Rihanna will be watching closely as A$AP Rocky stands trial in January on charges he fired a gun at a former friend outside a Hollywood hotel in 2021.
A$AP, whose real name is Rakim Mayers, could face up to eight years behind bars if convicted on two felony counts of assault with a semi-automatic firearm.
An insider told DailyMail.com that while Rihanna’s focused on the trial, she’s been keeping herself distracted by the couple’s public outings, hoping to remind everyone of their love.
A user named Lorenzo wrote, 'We want an album forehead,' but the pop queen wasn’t having it
'Listen, Lorenzo! You ain’t cute enough to be calling me by my Black name, you dizzy f***!' she fired back, and the internet erupted
Meanwhile, some fans even begged for Rihanna’s roasting skills, with one posting, 'HAHAHAHAHAH I want her to roast me'
'Rihanna and A$AP have been on a serious do-good / be-loved PR mission recently, which is completely opposite of how they like to live their lives,' the source said. 
The source further explained the reasoning behind the move as they stated: 'They are both extremely private people, and they do not like to be out and about, but Rihanna knows that she needs to get her man out there showing mad love to each other in hopes that the exposure will have a positive effect on the outcome of this case.
'She is terrified of him going to prison. She has two kids at home that she does not want to raise on her own.'
The Monster singer and the Praise the Lord rapper - who have been dating for almost five years - share sons RZA, two, and Riot Rose, 16-months.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group