Proof that Rihanna can make anything look good
It’s not an exaggeration to say that Rihanna could wear a trash bag and make it look cool. Although her latest outfit isn’t quite that extreme, it does continue to prove she’s a bona fide fashion chameleon.
On Monday night, the Grammy winner and new face of Dior’s J’adore headed out in London wearing a yellow buttercream coat, whose design closely resembled a bathrobe—right down to the fluffy texture and belted waist. The custom Jacquemus piece took after a similar look that debuted in the house’s Fall 2024 collection.
Of course, Rihanna is Rihanna, and any piece of clothing she touches instantly turns into fashion gold. This unusual fall outerwear choice was no exception.
To style the coat, Rihanna slipped the lapels down to wrap around her shoulders. She posed for photos with one leg peeking out from underneath the coat’s slit, making it seem as if she wore nothing else save champagne satin pumps, a crystal ankle bracelet, and yellow gemstone drop earrings.
Inside London’s Selfridges department store—where the singer feted the launch of Fenty Hair—she completed an outfit change. Gone was the dressing robe, and in its place appeared a girly beige slipdress with frilly ruffles lining the waist and hemline. Rihanna even swapped her shoes, slipping into a pair of strappy metallic brown heels.
Earlier this summer, the singer opened up about feeling inspired to start a hair care line after she experienced postpartum hair loss. “Evolving as a woman and even as an artist, hair has been such a huge part of that and a reflection of whatever I’m feeling,” she said in a June 2024 interview. “So, it changes a lot and my hair goes through a lot. Making this brand, I had to consider all of those things. I want to look fly, but I want my hair to be healthy. How do I do that? All of my products need to strengthen and repair while I’m out just being fabulous.”
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.