On Saturday, Rihanna stepped out in Los Angeles after dinner at Giorgio Baldi, shining in a long white satin coat over a hip layered look. The large lapels slid over her shoulders, and the sleeves came down into a three quarter cuff. Underneath, she had on a graphic white T-shirt tucked into a pair of shredded denim jeans, and she accessorized with several pearl necklaces of different lengths.
For more accessories, the ANTI singer carried a small black Dior handbag and wore a pair of white Gucci high heels and black Gucci sunglasses. Her blonde hair was in a stylish updo. For makeup, she had thinly defined eyebrows and a brownish pink lip hue.
The singer was not pictured with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, with whom she shares her sons RZA and Riot Rose. The older boy will be turning two-years-old in May and Riot will celebrate his first birthday in August. The star announced her second pregnancy in February of 2023 while performing at the Super Bowl halftime show. Wearing a body-hugging red jumpsuit, she touched her visible baby bump while up on a platform in front of the crowd. 
Afterward, she told British Vogue that becoming a mother had completely transformed her life.
“It’s everything. You really don’t remember life before, that’s the craziest thing ever,” Rihanna explained. “You literally try to remember it—and there are photos of my life before—but the feeling, the desires, the things that you enjoy, everything, you just don’t identify with it because you don’t even allow yourself mentally to get that far, because—Because it doesn’t matter.”
Of the birth experience with RZA, she said, “It was beautiful.”
“I cannot believe it,” Rihanna continued. “Essentially, from one person I became two. You walk into the hospital as a couple and leave as a family of three. It’s nuts. And oh, my gosh, those first days are insane. You don’t sleep. At all. Not even if you wanted to. We came home, cold turkey, had no one. It was just us as parents and our baby. Man, you’re a zombie for the most part.”
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.