A viral video from New York Fashion Week, shared on social media Friday, appears to show Rihanna disregarding her former friend Naomi Campbell.
The clip, posted by a fan on TikTok, captures the “Diamonds” singer entering the Alaïa runway show to find her front-row seat. All eyes were on Rihanna as she stunned in a crystal-covered mesh gown by the designer.
In the video, Rihanna greets former British Vogue editor-in-chief Edward Enninful before walking past Campbell – also seated in the front row with stylist Law Roach – without acknowledging her.The supermodel seemed to be watching Rihanna’s grand entrance, looking up at her as she passed by.
The room went real quiet #rihanna #nyfw #alaia 
The fashion model and Grammy winner were once friends – or at least acquaintances. They’ve been photographed together several times and were even seen having an Italian dinner in May 2016.
Fans have speculated that their friendship may have soured when Rihanna started dating billionaire Hassan Jameel in 2017. The year before, Campbell and Jameel had attended the British Summer Time Festival in London, though their own romance was never confirmed.
Rihanna and Campbell unfollowed each other on Instagram before Rihanna’s relationship with Jameel became public.
Campbell tried to dismiss the feud rumors when asked about the potential drama during her October 2021 appearance on Watch What Happens Live.
“Everything’s fine. Of course, it’s fine,” Campbell told host Andy Cohen at the time. She then insisted, “I don’t have beef,” further explaining, “I don’t have beef especially with black women that I think are powerful and out there.” Campbell concluded, “We’re all in the same thing, doing the same struggle.”
Representatives for both Rihanna and Campbell did not immediately respond to Page Six’s request for comment.
The video has sparked renewed interest in the alleged rift between the two celebrities, leaving fans curious about the current state of their relationship.
Like most websites, Socialite Life uses affiliate links where available, which means we earn a little commission if you click through and buy something. Also, as Amazon Influencers, we earn from qualifying purchases. Savings shown are those from the date and time of this article’s publication.
Last update on 2025-05-03 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Sign in to your account
 Remember me