By
Mariah Carey, known for her tireless work ethic, had a memorable moment during the final stop of her Christmas Time Tour at the Barclays Center in New York City on Tuesday, December 17th. This time, she was joined by a surprise guest: Rihanna, who asked her to sign her chest.
A post shared by JASON LEE (@theonlyjasonlee)
In a playful moment captured on video, Rihanna, 36, approached Carey and made an unusual request. “I need a signature. Who has a Sharpie? Sign my tit!” she said. Carey, 55, obliged, using a red Sharpie to autograph Rihanna’s chest. The “Diamonds” singer then grabbed the mic and hyped up the crowd. “Mariah Carey is signing my tit, y’all! This s–t is f–king epic!” Rihanna exclaimed before showing off her new autograph and hugging Carey.
The performance was especially significant for Carey, who had been battling the flu earlier in December. She had to cancel several shows, including concerts in Pittsburgh, Newark, and Belmont Park, but promised fans she would recover in time for the Brooklyn finale. On Instagram, she shared her excitement, writing, “Lambs, thank you for making my #Christmastime so special… I can’t wait to see you all tomorrow in Brooklyn.”
Throughout the tour, Carey was joined by her 13-year-old twins, Monroe and Moroccan, whom she shares with ex-husband Nick Cannon. At a Raleigh, NC, show on Dec. 9, the twins presented their mom with flowers to celebrate her classic “All I Want for Christmas Is You” once again topping the Billboard Hot 100. “Thank you. Wow!” Carey said on stage.
This year also marked the 30th anniversary of Carey’s iconic holiday album Merry Christmas, which includes the chart-topping hit. Despite setbacks, Carey’s festive spirit and her ability to create unforgettable moments remain unmatched.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97