ByAndrea Bossi
Edited byMike Corones
ByAndrea Bossi,
 Contributor. 
Edited byMike Corones,
 Forbes Staff. 
 J. Cole
It’s thanks to the best rappers of all time that hip-hop has continued to grow and become the beloved genre and influence it is today.
Born in the Bronx in 1973, hip-hop music has become something that runs in the heart of not just American culture, but global culture. Rappers have always faced the challenges of their times, and the best ones are those who resonate significantly with their listeners while contributing to the next generation's rich musical inheritance. Across all its subgenres, one thing is true: The music has continued to push the boundaries of what defines a “genre” while influencing culture on every level from fashion to technology to linguistics and more.
Between critical acclaim, cultural influence, album sales, innovation in the genre and more, this list compiles the top 50 rappers of all time. Keep scrolling to reveal the rankings and read a bit about each artist.
Talib Kweli
Talib Kweli got his start in the New York scene during the late ‘90s. He is especially known for his work with fellow Brooklyn rapper Mos Def under their group name, Black Star (which riffs off Marcus Garvey’s shipping line with the same title).
Their commercially successful 1998 debut album, Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star, was regarded as a smart and profound reflection on Black culture. Their 2000 EP, Hip-Hop for Respect, focused on police brutality in the wake of New York police killing Amadou Diallo, who was unarmed. Kweli’s first studio album came soon after this momentum with Mos Def; Quality dropped in the fall of 2002. He continued in his solo career winning plenty of critical acclaim, collaborating with the likes of Pharrell Williams, Kanye West and Kendrick Lamar and impacting on hip-hop on a broad level.
Young Thug
Young Thug is one of this generation’s genre-shaping artists, born and coming out of the Atlanta scene as one of the pioneers of trap and mumble rap. While rising to prominence in the early 2010s, the rapper wooed over fans with his all-around innovation, evidenced in his vocal delivery and ability to blur genres. His self-released mixtapes laid the groundwork, while albums like So Much Fun, his 2019 debut studio album, feature some of his most popular songs like “Hot” and “The London.” Beyond the world of music, Young Thug has also made a name for himself in fashion. Not only is he an overall style inspiration, but he has been credited for pushing gender boundaries through sporting a dress on a magazine cover, flaunting sparkly shoes and more.
Cardi B
Cardi B — born Belcalis Marlenis Almánzar in the Bronx — is one of today’s most prominent figures in hip-hop. The rapper famously began her career as a stripper and on social media platforms, where her candid and relatable persona won her a hefty following. But music is where she really shone through, especially with her viral and debut single "Bodak Yellow" in 2017. Shortly after in 2018, she released her debut studio album, Invasion of Privacy, but she has only released singles (albeit very popular) since. Her bold lyrics, multi-lingual verses and charisma have made her one of rap’s most popular figures as of late.
Chief Keef
Rising to prominence in the early 2010s, Chief Keef put Chicago on the map in a whole new way. He is a pioneer of drill music, which originated in Chicago and is know for vicious and clever lyrics laid over trap-style beats. Viral singles like "I Don't Like" and "Love Sosa” offered a window into his attitude and and life on the South Side. Even though he has faced a fair number of legal issues and controversy along the way, his imprint on the industry is unmistakable as the drill and trap genres continue to grow in popularity, from the U.S. to the U.K.
Pusha T
Pusha T is a defining rapper of the early 2000s. Born Terrence LeVarr Thornton in the Bronx, he first gained notoriety in a rap duo named Clipse alongside his brother, No Malice. They released a few albums together during the 2000s before taking a hiatus, which is when Pusha T dove into his solo career and signed a deal to Kanye West’s G.O.O.D. Music label in 2010. His Fear of God mixtape is seen as seminal, while albums like Daytona are also some of his most popular. Some of his most popular songs include “The Games We Play," "Drug Dealers Anonymous” and "Untouchable." He’s acclaimed for his lyrical talent, cleverness and keen storytelling on tales from the street.
M.I.A.
M.I.A. has been a force in hip-hop since the early 2000s. Born Mathangi "Maya" Arulpragasam in London, she initially grew popular for her blend of genres, from rap to electronic and other world influences. Her "Galang" single in 2003 caught the industry's attention and started building her fan base. Albums like Kala (2007) and Matangi (2013) are seen as some of her most important, and include singles like "Paper Planes." It's not only that M.I.A. possesses her own sound, but she is lyrically gifted in wordplay and social issues. This has made her a crucial figure in rap, especially in Britain’s scene.
Takeoff
Born Kirshnik Khari Ball, Takeoff made up one-third of the legendary Migos trio, where he made a mark on hip-hop alongside cousins Offset and Quavo.
The group, which came out of the Atlanta hip-hop scene in the mid 2010s, left its imprint on rap by bringing adlibs and triplet flows to a new frontier. This can be heard on songs “Versace,” “Motorsport” and “Bad and Boujee.” Takeoff — who died by gunfire in 2022 — was behind a lot of the group’s lyrical innovation and is responsible for originally bringing the group together. The trio’s 2017 Culture album is where some say Takeoff best displays his talent as a lyricist. However, more of this is evident on his Only Built for Infinity Links album with Quavo, released just weeks before his death. As Migos is remembered as one of rap’s most important groups of this generation, Takeoff is remembered for his impact on the culture, channeled alongside his cousins in the trailblazing group.
Melle Mel
Melle Mel is one of the all-around OGs of hi-hop. Born Melvin Glover in the Bronx, he’s a pioneering rapper and one of the founding members of the group Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five, which defined hip-hop in its earliest days as the genre established itself in the early 1970s.
He played a role in establishing rap as a legitimate genre and form of expression. Songs like "The Message" and "White Lines (Don't Do It)" stand out for their melody combined with raw lyrics on poverty and other issues plaguing New York at the time. (After all, rap is rooted in speaking truth to power and giving a voice to the disenfranchised.) The Message, the group’s debut studio album, is also considered one of their most important and classic works. Melle Mel is one of those key and early artists who laid the groundwork for generations ahead.
Prodigy
Prodigy is an essential figure in the East Coast rap scene and was one half of the legendary Mobb Deep duo with Havoc. Born in New York, he and his partner gained recognition for their raw and real depictions of New York at the time, in all its grittiness. The duo had a hold on the 1990s, especially with the release of the seminal 1995 album The Infamous. Prodigy stood out for his vivid storytelling, careful rhyme schemes and authenticity that helped cement Mobb Deep in the rap history books. Though he passed away in 2017, he continues to have an impact on the genre and artists today as someone who shaped rap towards the end of its golden era and beyond.
Lupe Fiasco
Lupe Fiasco made a name for himself through careful lyricism, socially conscious themes and reflective storytelling. Born Wasalu Muhammad Jaco, he grew up in Chicago and has since become one of the city’s defining rappers. In 2006, his studio debut Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor wooed critical acclaim and a Grammy nomination for the best rap album. Some of his most popular songs include "Kick, Push" from that first record and "Superstar," "The Show Goes On" and "King Nas," all from later discography. There’s a poetic and uplifting nature about his music, which has contributed to his staying power. His insightful lyrics are part of rap’s rich lineage, connecting artists across generations.
Bad Bunny
Bad Bunny has been changing the rap landscape over the last several years. Born Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio in Puerto Rico, he got his start rapping and performing in the Latin music scene, primarily as a trap artist. Sure, he had breakout singles like "Otra Noch en Miami" and "La Romana," but nothing could be the same after 2020. After building steady momentum, he dropped YHLQMDLG in March 2020. This catapulted him to a new level as his music grew more popular in the U.S. and globally. In fact, he’s led the charge in Latin music’s fast growth in recent years. YHLQMDLG established his unique musical sound, fashion sense, Puerto Rican pride and fearlessness in addressing issues like transphobia. Since, he's released a steady stream of albums from Un Verano Sin Ti to Nadia Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana.
Method Man
Method Man is one member of the legendary Wu-Tang Clan, which formed in 1992 in New York. Born Clifford Smith Jr. on Long Island, he played no small role in the group that’s credited as being one the best of all time. Method Man — who took his title from the Hong Kong martial arts film with the same name — rose to prominence in the group for his smooth delivery, witty wordplay and stage presence. Thanks to this, he was also able to maintain and grow a successful solo career. Tical and Tical 2000: Judgement Day are some of his most essential albums, which were released around the same time other members of the group were dropping solo records. Outside of music, he has also had a career in TV and film, including appearances in The Wire, Venom and Keanu.
E-40
E-4o, born Earl Stevens, is a legend in West Coast rapper. His breakout moment on a national level happened after releasing In a Major Way, his second studio album, in 1995. His style can vary track-to-track and even within a single song, as one of E-40’s talents is switching up the flow between verses. Listening to his music will always teach a bit of Californian slang, thanks to his expansive vocabulary and knack for wordplay. Since his ‘90s debut, E-40 continued releasing hits like My Ghetto Report Card and The Ball Street Journal, cementing his acclaim. He still hops on the occasional track but has been focused on entrepreneurship more recently, particularly through his spirits brand.
Roc Marciano
Roc Marciano’s name might not be as familiar to today’s youngest listeners, but he played a pivotal role in hip-hop during the late ‘90s and beyond. Born Rakeem Calief Myer on Long Island, he was a major figure in the world of underground rap, where he was part of a group called The U.N. As his career progressed, he gained further traction by joining Flipmode Squad, which was led by Busta Rhymes. It was after these two group experiences that Marciano broke out into a solo career, which eventually cemented his status as a special figure in the genre.
Critics define his music by its mix of soulful beats and gritty but poetic lyrics, all flavored by East Coast rap tendencies. Some of his most popular albums include Marcberg, released in 2010, and Reloaded, out in 2012. As a rapper rooted in the underground scene, he never achieved ridiculous commercial success, but instead left an impact on rappers for years to come.
MC Lyte
MC Lyte is one of the leading ladies in hip-hop and leading artists overall who helped define the culture in its nascent days. Born Lana Michelle Moorer in Brooklyn, she grew popular in the late ‘80s after releasing Lyte as a Rock in 1988. In doing this, she also released the first rap album by a solo female artist ever. Some of her most popular songs include "Paper Thin" and "Cha Cha Cha,” from her 1989 album Eyes on This. Through and through, she asserted herself as a wordplay whiz with a tendency towards empowering lyrics that gave a platform to women’s issues. She paved the way for every woman rapping after her.
LL Cool J
LL Cool J (which is short for Ladies Love Cool James) is one hip-hop’s early icons. Born James Todd Smith in New York’s Queens borough, he started in his late teens and rose to fame in the mid ‘80s, just over a decade after the genre’s conception in the Bronx. He dropped his first single “I Need a Beat” in 1985, which helped set the stage for his career to blast off. His other popular songs include "I Need Love," "Mama Said Knock You Out" and "Doin' It."
Throughout his time in the industry, he grew known for his fast rhymes and a flow that balanced smooth and hard qualities. He is also credited as being one of the first artists to bring hip-hop, as a genre, to a new level of popularity. Though it’s hard to imagine the world without it today, it was much lesser known and not yet mainstream in the early ‘80s. LL Cool J has also maintained a solid acting career, most notably appearing in the NCIS television series.
Childish Gambino
Childish Gambino, who also goes by Donald Glover, is mostly known as a multidisciplinary artist from his writing for TV series 30 Rock, his acting in the show Atlanta and his songwriting skills. As a musician, Gambino is keen on crossing over styles, including on tracks where’s rapping. This, along with his ability to story-tell and craft synergetic visuals, have led to hit songs like “Sweatpants” and his unforgettable “This Is America” song (plus, the music video). Awaken, My Love! (2016) is one of his most popular albums. Lately, he has been focused on acting in television (see, Atlanta and his 2024 Mr. & Mrs. Smith series on Amazon). Still, he remains one of the greats in recent times.
Future
Future, born Nayvadius DeMun Wilburn, came out of Atlanta as one of the scene’s top talents in the early 2010s. He has defined his career through driving the trap scene with mixtapes like Dirty Sprite and his 2012 debut studio album Pluto, which featured appearances from Drake, Snoop Dogg and more. Throughout his discography, Future has become known for his distinct vocal style, infectious hooks, frequent discussion of lean (especially on collaborative projects like Wrld on Drugs) and for being a “toxic king.” Top songs by the rapper include “Mask Off,” “Wicked” and “Life Is Good.” He is also known for bridging genres and collaborating with other top artists like Rihanna, Tems and Metro Boomin.
Busta Rhymes
Busta Rhymes is known for his flow that’s like nobody else’s. Born Trevor George Smith Jr. in Brooklyn, he grew popular in the early '90s as a member of the hip-hop group Leaders of the New School. Thanks to his dynamic and super fast flows, which distinguished him from the group, he broke out into a successful solo career starting in 1996, when he released his debut The Coming. Songs from the album like "Woo Hah!! Got You All in Check" and "It's a Party" helped him reach rap stardom soon after. His status as one of the best comes from his unmatched stage presence, intricate rhymes and overall command that influenced hip-hop shortly after its golden age.
Mos Def (Yasiin Bey)
Mos Def (who now goes by Yasiin Bey) is a true hip-hop pioneer. Born Dante Terrell Smith in New York City, he shaped the scene starting in the late ‘90s. Through his work with Talib Kweli in the Black Star duo, the rapper gained recognition for his soulful essence, enchanting wordplay and tendency to discuss critical issues facing society, from racism to poverty and more. Their 1998 debut album, Mos Def & Talib Kweli Are Black Star, is seen as one of the greats. But the Brooklyn-born artist also successfully went for a solo career. His first solo album Black on Both Sides (1999) is regarded as one of his standouts in terms of displaying his artistic vision. Other songs he's known for include "I Against I," "Sunshine" and "Sex, Love & Money." His legacy, especially as a conscious voice, continues to leave a strong imprint in the industry.
Queen Latifah
Queen Latifah is one of the stars of hip-hop’s golden era (primarily focused on New York artists in the mid ‘80s to mid ‘90s) and, on top of that, one of the leading women of the time. She dropped her debut album, All Hail the Queen, in 1989 at the age of 19. After that, she became increasingly recognized for her lyrical finesse, which often touched issues facing Black women. Some of her most popular songs include "Just Another Day," "U.N.I.T.Y." and "Ladies First." On top of her success in music (including winning multiple Grammy awards), Latifah has also had a flourishing career in acting across film and television. Her contributions across culture and arts solidify her status as an influence for generations to come.
 Dr. Dre
Dr. Dre is a prominent rapper with a strong footprint in the game thanks to both his solo career and role in N.W.A. Born Andre Romelle Young in Compton, Dr. Dre rose to fame as part of the West Coast rap group, which is one of the most important of all time. He helped shape the sound on N.W.A.’s 1988 breakout album Straight Outta Compton through his powerful tone and delivery. Shortly after the group dissolved in 1991, he focused on his own career. His first solo album, The Chronic in 1992, put the G-funk sound on a new level and proved he could do it alone. Albums like 2001 and Compton wooed critics and fans alike while achieving commercial success. Over the years, Dr. Dre increasingly turned to production (where he similarly excels) and entrepreneurship.
Lauryn Hill
There are few to no other rappers on this list who won a spot based on a single album, but there are few like Lauryn Hill as it is.
Born in New Jersey, Hill is a multi-hyphenate creative who made a name for herself while part of the hip-hop group, The Fugees. On The Score (1996), one of the New Jersey-based collective’s most beloved albums, Hill shone especially bright and gained the momentum to break out into a solo career. When she released her solo album The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill in 1998, she changed the game forever. The record, which is regarded as one of the best of all time, features some of her most popular songs like “Ex-Factor,” “Doo Wop (That Thing)” and “To Zion.” In that one album, she flaunted her unparalleled vision and versatility, while continuing to inspire artists for generations to come, from Drake sampling “Ex-Factor” in “Nice For What” to Cardi B sampling the same song in “Be Careful.”
Juice WRLD
Born Jarad Anthony Higgins in Chicago, Juice WLRD is one of the defining artists of the 2010s, especially in the subgenre of emo rap. He was something of a prodigy through his prolific output and emotional and raw lyrics that faced everything from heartbreak to addiction and struggles with anxiety and depression. He quickly gained attention with his viral single “Lucid Dreams” in 2018 (which samples Sting’s “Shape of My Heart”) before dropping his debut studio album Goodbye & Good Riddance weeks later. There was no going back after this: His fandom only grew bigger as he grew artistically. His 2019 album Death Race for Love featured more of his famous singles like "Empty," "Robbery" and "Hear Me Calling” — he often brought music to life via videos made by Lyrical Lemonade.
Though Juice WLRD passed away a mere six days after turning 21, his impact on a generation remains ever present. (His posthumous releases, including Legends Never Die in 2020, channel his power). Among many things, fans credit him for being a voice for challenging mental health topics. Despite his early passing, he left behind a trove of thousands of unreleased songs, per his label.
MF Doom
The late MF Doom’s legacy rests most heavily in the world of underground hip-hop. The British rapper hit the scene in the late ‘90s and caught attention for his complex wordplay and unique appearance thanks to his glinting metal mask. Operation: Doomsday, Doom’s debut studio album, was released fall 1999 and cemented him as a storyteller with tracks unafraid to expose ideas on society and the human condition. “Doomsday,” one of the most popular tracks on the album, is a great example of his rap talent and ingenuity. He may not be one of the most mainstream names in the game, but despite his death in 2020, his influence remains present in established and emerging musicians.
Ice Cube
Ice Cube’s career stretches across the decades, from his time in the legendary group N.W.A. to a successful solo career. Born O'Shea Jackson in Los Angeles, the rapper made a name for himself thanks to his aggressive delivery, social commentary and true knack for lyricism. When N.W.A. released Straight Outta Compton in 1988, it catapulted the group (which also famously included the late Eazy-E, Dr. Dre, DJ Yella and MC Ren) to new heights of fame. The album became a classic and, later, the subject of the 2015 Straight Outta Compton movie.
But as the group began disbanding in the early ’90s, Ice Cube set out on a solo career, releasing albums like Amerikkka's Most Wanted, Lethal Injection and The Predator with great commercial success. Songs from these like “It Was a Good Day” and “You Know How We Do It” are some of his most popular. In 2020, he and fellow Californians Snoop Dogg, E-40 and Too Short formed the group Mt. Westmore. Apart from music, he's made a name for himself in film, playing lead roles in everything from Friday to Barbershop and 22 Jump Street.
50 Cent 
Born in Queens, New York, 50 Cent burst onto the scene in the early 2000s with his debut Get Rich or Die Tryin'. Fans in his growing base grew to love the rapper for his husky voice, raw lyricism and production. Despite his acclaim and success, he grew up facing poverty and was involved in criminal activity before fame. As he continued to grow his music platform, aided by album releases The Massacre and Curtis, 50 Cent explored entrepreneurship in entertainment via producing and starring in the TV show Power. Some of his most popular songs include "Many Men," "21 Questions" and "In da Club." He remains an icon in music and an inspiration of perseverance with a knack for fueling today’s memes.
DMX
DMX, born Earl Simmons, was a legendary rapper who rose to prominence in the 1990s thanks to a unique sound and unmistakable authenticity. The New York-born artist was especially known for his deep voice and ability to growl and bark. But that’s not what made him such a beloved and original kind of artist: He was also open and vulnerable about his struggles with substance abuse, legal problems and family issues. Still, he had plenty of hype songs, including the classic “Party Up.” The “Ruff Ryders” emcee passed away in the spring of 2021 after an overdose, as fans held vigils outside his hospital. He continues to serve as an inspiration for artists and listeners who need his energy and honesty.
Big Daddy Kane
Big Daddy Kane was one of hip-hop's defining figures, especially during the '80s and '90s. Born Antonio Hardy in Brooklyn, he started off as a member of the hip-hop collective Juice Crew before breaking into a successful solo career. Long Live the Kane, his first solo album, debuted in 1988 and further laid the groundwork for his artistic journey. In terms of singles, he’s best known for "Warm It Up, Kane," "Set It Off" and "Ain't No Half-Steppin'," which Rolling Stone once named one of top 50 greatest hip-hop songs of all time. Known for his rapid and layered rhymes, witty bars and sense of humor, the rapper shaped the genre's golden age and, thus, generations of MCs after.
Rakim
Rakim, born William Michael Griffin Jr. in New York, is one of the defining figures of rap in the late ‘80s and ‘90s who really raised the bar. Rakim practically created a new style of lyricism with his complex vocabulary and multisyllabic rhyme schemes. This is why he and Eric B. (an incredible producer) were such an unstoppable duo then. Officially dubbed Eric B. & Rakim, they are most known for their debut studio album Paid in Full, one of hip-hop’s most groundbreaking albums. On it, Rakim sowed the seed that helped shape the next generation musically. Early in 2024, the duo was nominated for induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Common
Common is one of the great rappers emerging from Chicago’s hip-hop scene. Born born Lonnie Rashid Lynn Jr., his music has always been defined by a sense of thoughtfulness and activism for social issues. His debut album Can I Borrow a Dollar? in 1992 helped him gain traction, and commercially successful records in the years that followed built momentum throughout the ‘90s and 2000s. "The Corner," "They Say" and "Take It EZ" are some of his most popular songs and "consciousness-raising tracks." Throughout his career, Common continued to use his platform to discuss important issues and uplift listeners. The three-time Grammy winner’s mark on the culture remains.
Ghostface Killah
Ghostface Killah is one of the most influential members of the the Wu-Tang Clan and of East Coast rap. Born Dennis Coles, he's credited for a myriad of things. To start, there’s his vivid and entertaining storytelling, which sometimes straddles more serious narratives versus stream-of-consciousness flows. He also achieved mastery at vocal delivery and experimentation. While his work with Wu-Tang was essential in his rise, he also had a flourishing solo career. It kicked off with his first album in 1996, Ironman, which was quickly embraced by fans. Albums ahead like Supreme Clientele (2000) and Fishscale (2006) proved his consistency and helped cement his status as a hip-hop legend with unmatched creativity.
Snoop Dogg
Snoop Dogg is one of a handful of West Coast rap’s top legends. Born in Long Beach, Snoop has always made a point to let listeners know about his Cali life. Released in 1993, Doggystyle was the first debut album to enter the Billboard 200 at the top spot. And ever since, he’s wooed his listeners and critics with smooth raps that blend styles like gangsta rap with more melodic productions on albums like Tha Doggfather and Doggumentary. He’s also one of the main people who popularized the West Coast’s G-funk sound.
Outside of his music, Snoop Dogg has also become somewhat of a cultural icon, whether he’s smoking or just relaxing. While his influence on music runs deep, it’s also hard to not see him popping up in random ads from Corona to Grubhub, yet still maintaining his style and swagger.
Tyler, the Creator
Tyler, the Creator represents the defining factors of what often makes for a rapper standout today: a musical talent and cultural influence through a presence in fashion and entertainment. Born Tyler Gregory Okonma in California, the rapper began his career as the leader of the hip-hop collective Odd Future. He gained attention for his eccentric, sometimes trolling personality and unbounded creativity. His 2009 mixtape, dubbed Bastard, laid the groundwork for 2011's highly embraced Goblin studio album, which established him as a singular star. But Tyler, the Creator isn’t one for labels. His albums since Goblin span and bridge different genres while maintaining the artistic depth and excellent production he’s known for. Nonetheless, it was his “genius” 2019 album Igor that won a Grammy for best rap album.
Beyond music, the artist has established himself as a memorable figure in comedy through series like Loiter Squad and in fashion through his labels Golf Wang and Golf le Fleur, which sell nail polish, luggage and apparel. He continues to inspire listeners and artists today through his honesty, humor and artistic range.
Lil’ Kim
Lil’ Kim’s footprint on hip-hop is immense. Born Kimberly Denise Jones in Brooklyn, she came up in the '90s as a member of Junior M.A.F.I.A. and as a protégé of Notorious B.I.G. Her major moments include her first solo record, Hard Core in 1996, followed by The Notorious K.I.M. in 2000 and La Bella Mafia in 2003. With these, she had three consecutive platinum albums (and was the first woman rapper to do so).
Standing on the shoulders of the women who came before her, Lil' Kim didn't just flaunt her lyrical skills and musical talent, but she also reveled in her sexual power and bold fashion style. (See her 1999 VMAs look that's still considered iconic today.) Some of her biggest songs include "Crush on You," "The Jump Off," "Put Ya Lighters Up" and "Not Tonight." Her contributions to the genre remain immense, from her fearlessness in the industry to her musical talent and the road she paved for artists ahead.
A$AP Rocky
A$AP Rocky is one of this generation’s biggest figures in hip-hop. Born Rakim Athelaston Mayers in Harlem, he gained attention in the early 2010s with his 2011 Live.Love.A$AP mixtape, which displayed his talent and clear appreciation for the rap legends that came before him. And that’s what makes Rocky great at what he does, be it music or fashion: He studies his craft and has a sense of humility without taking it too seriously.
His first studio album (with the same name as the aforementioned mixtape) debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. And since, he has stayed consistent with his original style in wordplay, experimental production and genre-blurring. Some of his most popular songs include "Praise the Lord," "F**kin' Problems," "Fashion Killa" and "L$D." The rapper is also a face of fashion, be it for Dior, Bottega Veneta or alongside Rihanna, who he has two sons with. (One is named RZA, after the Wu-Tang Clan rapper.)
Chuck D 
Chuck D is responsible for co-founding one of hip-hop’s most iconic groups, Public Enemy, alongside Flavor Flav. Born Carlton Douglas Ridenhour in New York, he was responsible for some of the group’s best bars. Public Enemy’s music was often tinged with a sense of consciousness, especially in messages regarding media and racism in America. (After all, they recorded "Fight The Power,” which is relevant and referenced to this day.) Their most known albums include, It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back (1988) and Fear of a Black Planet (1990), where Chuck D’s talent always shone through. Thanks to his lyrical incisiveness, powerful voice and timeless music, Chuck D still inspires the genre and artists today as one of hip-hop’s defining figures.
Missy Elliott
Though Missy Elliott is one of rap’s pioneers for women in the game, the general genre and industry wouldn’t be what it is today without her, period. Born Melissa Arnette Elliott in Virginia, she began to catch widespread attention in the mid-1990s while establishing herself through a unique voice, catchy hooks, experimental production and fantastical, clever lyrics. Her debut studio album Supa Dupa Fly, released 1997, includes some of her classic hits like “The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly)" and "Sock It 2 Me.” Her albums after that, like Miss E... So Addictive and Under Construction, are cited as some of her best.
Missy Elliott is undoubtedly one of rap’s trailblazing figures. Not only has she won plenty of recognition in terms of music awards, she also paved the way for woman artists in rap and R&B while making a mark on fashion. Her style is as bold as her lyrics. Be it her Kangol hats, big chains or love for logomania, her ensembles have been almost as trendsetting as her bars.
The Notorious B.I.G.
The Notorious B.I.G. (also called Biggie Smalls) is one of rap’s most towering figures, especially when it comes to the the East Coast. Born Christopher Wallace in Brooklyn, some of his major moments include releasing Ready to Die in 1994 and Conspiracy with Junior M.A.F.I.A. in 1995. Some of his most popular songs include "Juicy," "Big Poppa," and "One More Chance." Biggie is credited with being an unparalleled lyricist with a storytelling ability and flow like few others. Plus, he was known for his persona and collaborations with fellow artists in the game like Lil' Kim, Method Man and Mary J. Blige.
The artist was killed in a drive-by shooting in Los Angeles when he was just 24 years old, which may be why he has more posthumous albums than studio albums in his discography. Still, his legacy and imprint on hip-hop remains strong as ever, from music to fashion and broader culture.
André 3000
Few have such a strong sense of style as André 3000.
Born André Lauren Benjamin in Atlanta, the rapper got his start as a member of the hip-hop duo Outkast, alongside rapper Big Boi. Together, their albums made them one of the defining groups of the '90s and 2000s. Their first album, Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik, came out in 1994, but it's the duo's 2000 LP Stankonia that's their most remembered, courtesy of its hits like “Ms. Jackson,” “So Fresh, So Clean” and "Hey Ya!" Despite their joint success, André stands out for his sheer lyrical talent and ability to successfully experiment musically, which inspired a generation of artists thereafter. Even though music is where he first found fame, the artist also grew popular over his career for his style choices, which has made him a fashion icon to this day.
Eminem
It's hard to talk about the rap game today without mention of Eminem. Born Marshall Bruce Mathers III in St. Joseph, Missouri, he came up in the gritty streets partly reflected in his semi-autobiographic movie, 8 Mile.
He exploded on the scene in the late ‘90s after, not his debut studio album, but his first album under a major label (Interscope Records): The Slim Shady LP. This 1999 release introduced his alter ego, Slim Shady, which became a defining feature of his rap career. Eminem’s albums throughout the 2000s proved his consistency with complex rhyme schemes, emotional depth and raw emotion. The Marshall Mathers LP and The Eminem Show include many of his most popular songs like “Stan,” “The Real Slim Shady” and “Till I Collapse.” Despite his success selling records and winning a multitude of awards (like 15 Grammys), the rapper stirred a fair share of controversy earlier on with racist and homophobic lyrics.
Nas
Nas is one of hip-hop’s legacy artists and one of its most influential. Born Nasir bin Olu Dara Jones in Brooklyn, the rapper grew up in New York City’s Queensbridge projects and rose to fame in the early ‘90s. His debut studio album, Illmatic in 1994, remains what Rolling Stone calls one of hip-hop’s greatest albums of all time for its discussion of escapism, survival and grizzly happenings on the street. All in all, Nas’ lyrics are known to stand out for their poetic quality, discussion of social issues and knack for introspection. Beyond his seminal work, albums like Stillmatic and Life is Good are also of critical importance in his catalogue.
He remains one of the artists who substantially shaped the genre and the culture, known to hip-hop lovers and great artists alike. In recent years, he has been leaning into entrepreneurship more through developing a TV series and partnering with brands like Hennessy to celebrate hip-hop.
Nicki Minaj
There are few rappers as spirited and animated as Nicki Minaj and the rapper’s various personas. Born Onika Tanya Maraj in Trinidad and Tobago, Nicki has since become one of the most influential and successful female artists in hip-hop to date.
Her 2010 debut album, Pink Friday, was her breakout moment that helped set everything else in motion. With singles like "Super Bass" and "Moment 4 Life,” she quickly rose to fame and began a career of redefining gender norms in the male-dominated industry. Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded, in 2012, was met with similar fandom. There are few like her, with a knack for rapid delivery and alter egos and unwavering confidence. Plus, her visuals and fashion style are almost just as good as what she lays on the track. Despite her success and impact on the culture, she has never won a Grammy, which underscores some folks’ recent frustrations with the awards. Still, her versatility and dominance as a woman in the industry means Nicki Minaj’s mark on hip-hop is indelible.
Kanye West
Though Kanye West (who now goes by Ye) was born in Atlanta, he has always made it clear that Chicago is home. Early on in his path, he started in music by producing and was signed to Jay-Z’s Roc-A-Fella Records, where he quickly gained recognition in the industry and was behind hits like “You Don't Know My Name” by Alicia Keys.
He really made his rap debut in 2004 with The College Dropout. This album laid the groundwork by proving his versatility in style, ability to carefully sample, and reflective lyrics, both internally and on broader culture. His third album, Graduation, helped him win a Grammy for Best Rap Solo Performance for “Stronger.” His releases since — like Watch the Throne with Jay-Z, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, Yeezus, Donda and Vultures — have also found incredible commercial success. 
Alongside his music career, Ye is also known for entrepreneurship in fashion, across shoes and apparel, in addition to his kids with ex-wife and reality television megastar Kim Kardashian. Mirroring his great successes are great challenges as well, from his public mental health battles to a growing list of controversies in recent years, with an emphasis on antisemitic comments that spurred major fallout. After having his deals cut with major brands like Adidas and Gap, he pivoted to selling his own gear via YZY. There are also his fashion choices that gravely missed the mark.
Drake
Drake wasn’t obviously going to become one of this generation's biggest rappers when he started his career. Born Aubrey Drake Graham, the Canadian artist began in TV, rising to fame in the early 2000s for his role in Degrassi. But that didn’t compare to the stardom that has followed in his rap career.
Drake’s late 2000s mixtapes got him the momentum he needed to get signed and drop his first studio album, Thank Me Later (2010). The 2010s were marked by a successful string of albums (Take Care, Nothing Was the Same, Views and Scorpion), which featured artists like Rihanna, Nicki Minaj, Lil Wayne and more. Drake's talent comes though in his versatility and consistency. The artist successfully crosses over not only genres, but also over time through intentional collaborations with emerging artists. Plus, he has a knack for starring viral music videos, pushing the genre and supplying the internet with memes.
Lately, Drake has been laying the foundation for his “graceful exit” from being an artist through Ovo Sound, the record label he founded in 2012. Still, he remains a trailblazer who reminds the current generation what it means to define and drive a category. His impact on the genre persists not only in his music but in his mentoring of up-and-coming talents.
Tupac
Not enough can be said about Tupac Shakur (also known as 2Pac), who is often remembered wearing a bandana and flaunting his “thug life” stomach tattoo. He was an emblem of the finest in West Coast rap, and his acclaim remains worldwide.
In 1991, his debut album 2Pacalypse Now was a point of no return. It addressed racial injustice, police brutality and poverty, which led many to appreciate him for his voice and clear stances in representation of the disenfranchised. He was already expanding into acting with roles in “Poetic Justice,” for example, before his last studio album All Eyez on Me in 1996. It is one of rap’s best-selling albums of all time, though he died seven months later at the young age of 25. (Some of his poems were published posthumously in "The Rose That Grew from Concrete.") The artist’s impact continues to ripple through time, influencing the rappers that came up around the same time as him, as well as today’s emerging talents.
J. Cole
Though born in Germany, J. Cole grew up stateside in North Carolina. The rapper made a name for himself in the late 2000s after a couple mixtapes that helped get him signed to Jay-Z’s Roc Nation in 2009.
A couple years later, he released his debut studio album, Cole World: The Sideline Story, that’s home to hits like “Can’t Get Enough.” Since proving his skills in delivery and storytelling on that initial track list, J. Cole has continued a pursuit of mastery. His albums Forest Hills Drive (2014) and KOD (2018) serve as proof: Each builds on the last in terms of lyrical depth, innovative sounds, storytelling (whether autobiographic or about someone else) and all-around creativity. Some of his all-around most popular songs include "Middle Child," "She Knows," "Wet Dreamz" and "Power Trip." His talent, consistency and fearlessness in talking about social issues are some of the major reasons why his discography continues to be relevant, thought-provoking and inspiring to hip-hop lovers across generations.
Lil Wayne 
Born Dwayne Michael Carter Jr. in New Orleans, Lil Wayne is known for his great contributions to hip-hop. Though known today for his solo career, the rapper got his start as a member of Hot Boys and rose to prominence in the late ‘90s. (People started to call him a child prodigy.)
His debut album, Tha Block Is Hot, helped build this momentum, but it was his later albums that are more critically acclaimed, especially Tha Carter III. The landmark release won the 2009 Grammy Award for best rap album and included hit singles like "Lollipop" and "A Milli." His raspy voice and clever lyrics cemented him as a true force in the genre, and in the years ahead, he released more mixtapes and collaborated with fellow charting artists like Drake, Nicki Minaj, Bruno Mars and Kendrick Lamar. To this day, Lil Wayne’s catalogue stands as a testament to true talent and versatility as he raps across different moods and production styles. He continues to inspire established and emerging artists today.
Kendrick Lamar 
Kendrick Lamar is one of today’s leading lyrical savants.
The Compton-born rapper’s first major moment came after releasing good kid, m.A.A.d city in 2012. This debut proved his linguistic wit, complex storytelling ability and aptitude for hitmaking. After all, it features several Billboard Hot 100 songs like “Bitch, Don’t Kill My Vibe,” “Poetic Justice,” and “Swimming Pools.” This set the stage for his next albums: To Pimp a Butterfly (2015), which won a Grammy for best rap album, and DAMN (2017), which won Lamar a Pulitzer Prize. Most recently, he explored the faults of celebrity culture in Mr. Morale and the Big Steppers (2022). All in all, he is appreciated for well-structured albums with lyrics that incorporate social commentary and rich, personal stories.
Outside of music, Kendrick Lamar focuses on pgLang, the creative communications company he founded in 2020 with Dave Free. It specializes in music and visual media production, seen in music videos, an ad campaign for Calvin Klein and a short film for Chanel.
Jay-Z
Jay-Z is one of the most towering figures in the rap industry today, not just for his musical abilities (or being married to Beyoncé) but for his business prowess through Roc-A-Fella Records as well.
Born Shawn Corey Carter in Brooklyn, the artist has always made it known he had humble beginnings, being raised in the borough’s Marcy Projects. Music felt like a way out of poverty and violence, and he was gaining traction already as an artist before co-launching the Roc-A-Fella record label in 1994. His career began to blast off after his 1996 debut album Reasonable Doubt. Not only did he show off his talent for storytelling, but this album and future LPs showed off his original flow, wordplay and ability to craft lyrical anthems. Albums ahead like The Blueprint, Watch the Throne (with Kanye West) and 4:44 made their own marks, culturally and in terms of albums sold and Grammys won. By 2008, he opened Roc Nation, a full-service entertainment agency.
Jay-Z has had a prolific career and has earned numerous accolades, including 23 Grammy Awards, which makes him one of the most awarded artists and rappers in history. As he continues his efforts in business and social impact, he remains a music pioneer and, accordingly, an inspiration.
No matter who ranks them, choosing the best rappers of all time will always be subjective to a certain extent. The highest selling rappers of all time, though, is a different case. The numbers speak for themselves, highlighting which rappers garnered the most purchases for their discography.
It should be no surprise that most of these rappers have a spot in the the best of all time as well, like Eminem, Tupac and Jay-Z, to name a few. Using their album sales as a metric, keep scrolling to see the highest selling rappers of all time, per a Business Insider story that sourced data from the Recording Industry Association of America.
Eminem: 61.5 million albums sold
Tupac: 36.5 million
Jay-Z: 33.5 million
Drake: 33.5 million
Kanye West: 27.5 million
Lil Wayne: 25 million
Beastie Boys: 23 million
Outkast: 23 million
Bottom Line
Hip-hop only turned 50 in 2023. The genre is still relatively young and continues to influence culture and see sub-genres develop in New York, the same city where it started, as well as overseas, from London to Italy. It continues to be a source of great legacy and great inheritance, with each era of artists facing the unique challenges of their time. Rap’s influence has yet to be fully realized.