By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:38, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  18:23, 9 January 2024   
 28
View  comments
 A$AP Rocky didn't seem to have a care in the world as he enjoyed smoking a joint while sitting in the back of a Rolls Royce on the world famous Rodeo Drive after pleading not guilty to shooting his former friend.
 The 35-year-old rapper - born Rakim Athelaston Mayers - looked relaxed as he headed to the Maison Goyard flagship in Beverly Hills on Monday after his court appearance.
The father to both of Rihanna's children was seen sitting in the luxury vehicle while puffing on his marijuana cigarettes and seemingly FaceTiming with someone. 
Rocky looked dapper on the outing as he sported a long black double-breasted coat over charcoal grey suit.
He also donned a white striped dress shirt, black leather dress shoes, and completed the look with a pair of black  Gucci shades.
A$AP Rocky didn't seem to have a care in the world as he enjoyed smoking a joint while sitting in the back of a Rolls Royce on the world famous Rodeo Drive after pleading not guilty to shooting his former friend
This comes amid news that he is pled not guilty on Monday to felony gun charges that he shot Terell Ephron (formally known as A$AP Relli) in Hollywood back in November 2021; he is pictured in court in November
This comes amid news that he is pled not guilty on Monday to felony gun charges that he shot Terell Ephron (formally known as A$AP Relli) in Hollywood back in November 2021. 
The trial is moving forward as back in November, Superior Court Judge M.L. Villar ruled that there was enough evidence for a trial at a preliminary hearing, after hearing roughly a day and a half of testimony.
Rocky has previously pled not guilty to two felony counts of assault with a semiautomatic firearm. His attorney attempted to cast doubt on the case while questioning a police detective.
He is facing up to eight years in jail if convicted of two felony counts of assault with a semi-automatic firearm. 
Villar said 'the totality of the video and testimony' shows there is sufficient evidence for the defendant to go to trial. She emphasized that preliminary hearings have a much lower evidence standard than a trial, and she was only finding probable cause.
Rocky, sitting in the courtroom, showed no visible reaction.
Prosecutors allege that on November 6, 2021, Mayers pointed a gun at Terell Ephron, once known as A$AP Relli, then, during a confrontation, shot at and left Ephron with minor injuries. 
Los Angeles Police Department Detective Frank Flores took the witness stand on Monday and verified videos of the attack presented by the prosecution, reported Rolling Stone. 
The 35-year-old rapper - born Rakim Athelaston Mayers - looked relaxed as he headed to the Maison Goyard flagship in Beverly Hills on Monday after his court appearance
Rocky looked dapper on the outing as he sported a long black double-breasted coat over charcoal grey suit
Flores testified that surveillance footage showed a gun in the rappers hand, but when pressed by the defense he conceded a weapon was never recovered. 
At an earlier hearing, Ephron testified Mayers held the gun to his stomach and said 'I'll kill you right now,' before firing off rounds and leaving the room.
Ephron said he and the 'F*****g Problems' rapper were teenage friends and members of the A$AP collective, a group of New York high school students who sought to make music and pursue other art forms.
He said their friendship continued as Mayers fame grew but began to falter when he started backing out of business ventures.
Prosecutors played surveillance video that appears to show Mayers brandishing a gun and possibly firing it, which his lawyers denied that he did.
The father of Rihanna's two children was first detained in April last year as he returned to Los Angeles airport from Barbados where he had been on vacation with his then-pregnant girlfriend.
He was later released on $550,000 bail. Officers were seen outside of his LA home, smashing into the gate with a battering ram, before apparently raiding the property. Detectives seized multiple boxes of evidence from the house.
Four months after his arrest, the charges were brought up to felony status, rather than misdemeanor that would have meant only one year of jail time for each count.
The trial is moving forward as back in November (pictured), Superior Court Judge M.L. Villar ruled that there was enough evidence for a trial at a preliminary hearing, after hearing roughly a day and a half of testimony 
Terell Ephron (pictured) told the court at an earlier hearing that Mayers shot him after calling him to a meeting in Hollywood
In this preliminary hearing, a judge will determine if there is enough evidence to move forward with a trial. 
The rapper is being represented by the same lawyer who is representing former president Donald Trump in his New York criminal case, Joe Tacopina.
In 2019, Trump took a special interest in Mayers after he was arrested for assault in Sweden. 
He was arrested after a fight broke out on the street between his entourage and two men.
Mayers was convicted of assault, issued a suspended prison sentence and required to pay more than $1,000 in damages. He reportedly served a month in jail before his sentence was handed down.
Not seen on the recent outing was his partner and their two sons RZA, 18 months, and Riot Rose, four months. 
In August Rihanna gave birth to her son Riot Rose, whom she shares with Rocky, with whom she also shares her son RZA; pictured during her second pregnancy
Rihanna and her partner initially met in the early 2010s, and he served as the opening act on her Diamonds World Tour, which took place in 2013.
The rapper announced that he had begun dating Rihanna during an interview with GQ that was released in May of 2021.
Rihanna later revealed that she was pregnant with the couple's first child in January 2022, giving birth to RZA last May, although his name was not shared with the public for nearly a full year.
Rihanna revealed that she was pregnant for the second time during an iconic performance at the Super Bowl LVII halftime show in February 2023, and gave birth to the couple's second son in August.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group