The presenter put a takeaway twist on Lady Gaga's meat dress
Television presenter Rylan Clark promoted Deliveroo’s Restaurant Awards dressed head-to-toe in doner kebab meat.
The 35-year-old has been taking part in advertising campaigns with the food delivery service, dressing up in some memorable looks from award ceremonies, but with a foody twist.
In the promotional video on Instagram, Clark explained: “Not sure what I love more, a cheeky takeaway or a cheeky awards ceremony. But it’s a good thing I get to celebrate both, with the Deliveroo Restaurant Awards 2024.”
A post shared by Deliveroo (@deliveroo)
Starting off by putting a spin on Lady Gaga’s infamous meat dress she wore to the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards, Clark was photographed wearing a full suit made of doner kebab meat.
Lady Gaga on September 12, 2010 in Los Angeles, California. CREDT: Getty/Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images
Next up was Rihanna’s look from the 2015 Met Gala, where she wore bright yellow dress designed by Guo Pei, with a large train with a fluffy trim, which some joked looked like a pizza base.
Clark took the inspiration and dressed in a similar outfit, but added some pepperoni and mushroom toppings to the train, to lean into the meme.
Rihanna on May 4, 2015 in New York City. CREDIT: Getty/Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images
And finally, Clark recreated the famous moment where Jennifer Lawrence tripped and fell while walking up to the stage to collect her Oscar for Best Actress for Silver Linings Playbook in 2012. But instead, Clark’s stumble meant dropping a Deliveroo paper bag, resulting in his food being scattered on the steps.
Jennifer Lawrence on February 24, 2013 in Hollywood, California. CREDIT: Getty/Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images
At the end of the video, Clark implored fans to vote for their favourite restaurants as part of the awards campaign, saying: “Get voting now for your local heroes, and you never know, they might end up with one of these,” holding up a gold trophy shaped in the Deliveroo logo.
In other news, watch the moment Jennifer Lawrence threatened to leave the Golden Globes if she didn’t win.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.