More than a decade after A$AP Rocky and Rihanna filmed his music video for “Fashion Killa,” the rapper shared the moment she fell in love with him.
A$AP Rocky and Rihanna seemingly found love in a special place.
The "Sundress" rapper shared the moment he believes the Fenty Beauty founder fell in love with him while filming a project at the Mercer Hotel in New York City over a decade ago.
"This is very special because this is the first place she fell in love with me," Rocky said of the hotel in an interview with W Magazine published Oct. 8. "Virgil Abloh shot the music video for 'Fashion Killa' in 2012, and that was the same couch where Rihanna and I sat in the first scene."
Speaking of where Rihanna—who he's been dating since 2019, took photos for the profile—he revealed, "That was that same room."
In the video, the "Love on the Brain" singer walks into the room before cuddling up with Rocky on the white couch. The two, who are in love, smile and laugh while shopping at multiple stores together. 
But the rapper—who shares sons Rza, 2, and Riot, 14 months with Rihanna—felt that she was the one long before the pair filmed together.
"I knew from when we were younger," the 36-year-old admitted. "We both did, I think. So it was only right when we got older. We just kind of reconnected."
As for Rihanna, she previously noted that the two had seen one another's ups and downs before diving into their romance.
"I've seen him in relationships," she told Interview in April. "He's seen me in relationships. We've seen each other outside of relationships. We knew what we're capable of, and the trouble that we could bring to each other's lives. We can make or break each other's hearts. And so, we started dating with a lot of caution."
The "Diamond" singer even compared their relationship to a flower. 
"I just let whatever was supposed to happen, happen," she explained. "It's either going to die or blossom. But I'm going to let it decide itself.'"
But the couple has been thriving in their romance, which has translated into parenthood, too. For Rihanna, her and Rocky's kids have changed so much in their lives for the better.
"They bring purpose to every aspect of my life," she told E! News that month. "Everything has to be intentional, and everything has to be worth it—especially when it takes me away from them."
And it's an interesting experience being the only girl in their family of four.
"It makes me feel really cool to be a boy mom," she noted. "I get to be as casual and busted as I want to, but it also forces me to embrace the epic things about being a woman and female and all my femininity—I embrace it so much more now." 
Now, keep reading to see more of Rihanna and Rocky's shining romance.
In 2012, Rihanna and A$AP Rocky performed their hit "Cockiness" at the MTV Video Music Awards, and their number was so good it deserved a trophy. This wouldn't be the last time the two shared the stage as they went on tour together in 2013.
Fans had this song on replay after Rihanna and A$AP Rocky released the music video for "Fashion Killa" in 2013.
As the years went on, they remained friends. In 2018, they attended the Louis Vuitton Menswear Spring/Summer 2019 show as part of Paris Fashion Week and, of course, they totally slayed.
They also attended The Fashion Awards in 2019, with Rihanna dazzling in a mint Fenty dress and A$AP Rocky looking sharp in a black suit.
Met Gala official! Rihanna and A$AP Rocky attended the 2021 Met Gala together in style, with the "Umbrella" singer wearing a black Balenciaga gown and the "A$AP Forever" artist donning a custom ERL quilt and a tuxedo.
After announcing they were expecting their first baby, Rihanna recalled keeping her pregnancy a secret from her friends. "It was harder for me to keep it from my posse, because they're around me, they know my habits," she told E!'s Justin Sylvester. "They're like, 'You don't want something to drink? You're not smoking?' And I'm eating all the things I'm not used to eating. They know I hate sweets and I'm all of a sudden asking for cookies and donuts. But finally, I just had to let it all out, and they were all shocked, of course, as the world was shocked as well."
SOS! These photos are so sweet! As Rihanna and A$AP prepared for their bundle of joy, she continued to show her incredible pregnancy style.
While fans wondered if A$AP Rocky had proposed to Rihanna after seeing them sport the words "Marry me?" and "I do" across their teeth in his "D.M.B." video, sources close to the couple told TMZ in May 2022 the two aren't engaged.
May 2022
And baby makes three! Multiple outlets report that the couple welcomed a baby in Los Angeles.
She debuted her second pregnancy during the 2023 Super Bowl halftime show.
The pair take the 2023 Met Gala together in honor of Chanel designer Karl Lagerfeld. 
Rihanna accompanied A$AP Rocky during his performance at a Spotify party in Cannes, France.
August 2023
The couple welcomed their second child, son Riot. One month later, they shared their first photos as a family of four in a rare photoshoot. 
April 2024
Rihanna confirmed her romance with A$AP began at the end of 2019. 
"I've seen him in relationships. He's seen me in relationships," she explained of their long history. "We knew what we're capable of, and the trouble that we could bring to each other's lives. We can make or break each other's hearts. And so, we started dating with a lot of caution."  
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.