Maura Higgins, the Love Island star, 33, has been turning heads at Coachella with her daring festival outfits.
The Irish beauty has been sharing her stunning looks on social media, all in collaboration with fast fashion brand, Oh Polly. On day one, Maura rocked a corseted body, cowboy boots and long blonde hair.
For day two, she switched things up with a Kris Jenner-inspired wig and a barely-there dress. The risque outfit featured a tiny bikini top and a mesh bottom half held together by thin strings.
READ MORE: Maya Jama teases I’m A Celeb stint as she takes part in real-life ‘Bushtucker trial’
READ MORE: Love Island's Georgia H clashes with Anton's mum in nail-biting first meeting
Photos shared on Oh Polly's page show Maura striking poses by a rock in the desert. In one shot, she leans back on a boulder, holding a sign that reads: 'Coachella', pointing towards the festival."
Another close-up photo shows Maura with her eyes closed, flaunting her smoky eye makeup and large silver hoop earrings. On her own page, Maura shared a similar post, captioning it: "Sand in places one should never have sand."
Fans were quick to praise her look, with one commenting: "It's giving Rihanna Rehab and I'm here for it," while another said: "Not gonna lie, I had to replay it back. I thought it was Rihanna. You look beautiful."
"How can one person pull off every hairstyle and colour, it's insane!" gushed one fan, while another chimed in: "There is literally no style you can't pull off, love this look on you."
Maura Higgins, the bombshell from Love Island, earlier this year dropped a bombshell of her own about her time on the show. In a candid confession to Maxim, the stunner revealed: "The best thing I ever did was go onto Love Island. It really changed my life.
"I genuinely thought when I was going onto the show because Ireland couldn't vote, that I'd only last a week." Looking back at her sun-kissed days in the villa, she continued: "I kind of just did it for fun.
"I don't think I even thought about it. I just did things in a spur-of-the-moment way. I think I just get bored easily, so I like to try something different and throw myself into it. I never expected anything and maybe that was the best thing to do. There was no career strategy or intention."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.