This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

She may not be a pop star, but Natalie Portman is singing Rihanna's praises.
Making an appearance on "The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon," the Academy Award-winning actress spoke directly about her divorce from ex-husband Benjamin Millepied for the first time, sharing that a brief exchange with the "Umbrella" singer and makeup mogul had been "formative."
Portman and Rihanna crossed paths in January for the first time, meeting outside the Dior Haute Couture show during Paris Fashion Week. Video of the women interacting went viral online; the two lauding one another with compliments.
NATALIE PORTMAN AND BENJAMIN MILLEPIED FINALIZE DIVORCE AFTER 11 YEARS TOGETHER, RUMORS OF INFIDELITY
Natalie Portman and Rihanna met outside Paris Fashion Week in January. They both attended the Dior Haute Couture show. (Getty Images)
"It was an amazing experience for me," Portman told Fallon of meeting Rihanna. "I think every woman going through a divorce should get to have Rihanna say to her that she's a ‘bad b----.’"
Portman, 43, filed for divorce from Millepied, a dancer and choreographer whom she met on the set of her 2010 film "Black Swan" in July 2023, although it wasn't finalized until March 2024, according to People magazine. Rumors of infidelity plagued the couple prior to their split.
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Natalie Portman and Benjamin Millepied met on the set of the 2010 film "Black Swan." Together for 11 years, the former couple share two children. (Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images for Disney)
A French magazine reported in February 2023 that Millepied had had an affair.
"It was exactly what I needed," Portman said of the Rihanna interaction, before Fallon rolled the tape of the two meeting.
Reports claimed that Benjamin Millepied was unfaithful. (Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
"I love you," Portman can be heard stating emphatically to the "Stay" singer as they embrace.
"I am a f---ing fan," Rihanna fired back.
"Are you kidding me?" Portman said.
"You are one of the hottest b----es in Hollywood. Forever," Rihanna professed.
APP USERS CLICK HERE TO VIEW INSTAGRAM
A post shared by Natalie Portman (@natalieportman)
"I'm gonna faint," Portman declared.
"You do the most innocent look, and I'm like ‘Ahh,’" Rihanna added. "I don't get excited about anybody, but I f---ing love you."
Natalie Portman called meeting Rihanna a "formative experience." (Rocco Spaziani/Archivio Spaziani/Mondadori Portfolio via Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"It was a formative moment in my life," Portman told Fallon, after she watched the video back.
It was a sentiment she reiterated on the "Today Show with Hoda & Jenna." 
"It was really exactly what I needed at that moment in my life," she told Hoda Kotb and Justin Sylvester. "And she served it to me. And I'm forever grateful. I love her… She is the hottest."
Caroline Thayer is an entertainment writer. Follow Caroline Thayer on Twitter at @carolinejthayer and LinkedIn. Story tips can be sent to caroline.thayer@fox.com.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.