By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  10:43, 24 October 2024   |  Updated:  16:33, 24 October 2024   
 78
View  comments
Rihanna turned heads in a skintight red catsuit with a plunging neckline in Shanghai last week. 
The Rude Boy hitmaker, 36, was among the stars in attendance at The City of Genius Moncler event during Shanghai Fashion Week. 
For the event on Saturday, Rihanna put on a striking display in a bright latex long-sleeved catsuit, which had a plunging zip down the front. 
She paired the daring garment with a matching padded gilet draped over her arms and sported black patent stilettos. 
Rihanna finished off her look with a pair of blackened-out wrap sunglasses and bundled her curly dark locks into a chic messy bun.
Rihanna turned heads in a skintight red catsuit with a plunging neckline in Shanghai last week
The Rude Boy hitmaker, 36, was among the stars in attendance at The City of Genius Moncler event during Shanghai Fashion Week
Days later, the star enjoyed a night out with boyfriend A$AP Rocky in her native Barbados on Monday.
Rihanna and the rapper, 36, partied at Zouk nightclub ahead of her Fenty Beauty Caribbean launch event.
The duo — who share sons RZA Athelston, two, and Riot Rose, one — grabbed hotdogs and burgers outside and stopped to pose with Ras the Burger guy. 
It was a good start of the week for Rocky, whose trial for allegedly shooting a former friend and plaintiff A$AP Relli was postponed on Tuesday so that he can perform at benefit concert in Thailand.
A Los Angeles judge invited Rihanna to come to criminal court to support her boyfriend at his upcoming jury trial for allegedly shooting the former friend and music partner during an argument.
'If she wants to come she can come,' LA Superior Court Judge Mark Arnold told Rocky’s attorney, Joe Tacopina, at a hearing where the trial was delayed - for a third time - till January.
Without using Rihanna’s name, the judge asked Tacopina if 'the mother of (Rocky’s) two children' would be attending the trial, which is expected to last between seven to ten days.
Tacopina said he didn't know if she would be in court, but added that while she may come for the start, it's unlikely she'd be there for the whole trial.
For the event on Saturday, Rihanna put on a striking display in a bright latex long-sleeved catsuit, which had a plunging zip down the front
She paired the daring garment with a matching padded gilet draped over her arms and sported black patent stilettos
Judge Arnold told the defense lawyer and prosecutor, Deputy District Attorney Paul Przelomiec, that Rocky - real name Rakim Mayers - shouldn't expect any star treatment at his trial.
'The fact that Mr. Mayers is a celebrity will make no difference in this court,' he said.
'He is going to be treated like anybody else.'
Rocky's trial date was continued from November 12 to January 21 to allow for the prosecution and defense to exchange witness lists and to assemble discovery evidence.
The judge reluctantly granted the continuance on Tuesday, noting that the trial had already been postponed twice.
A Los Angeles judge invited Rihanna to come to criminal court to support her boyfriend at his upcoming jury trial for allegedly shooting the former friend and music partner during an argumen 
The rapper and the singer share sons Riza, two and Riot, one
But he warned both attorneys that he would tolerate no more delays saying: 'I want jury selection to start on January 21.'
Rocky - who was not at the court in downtown LA Tuesday - has pleaded not guilty to two charges of assault with a semiautomatic firearm and he’s facing up to eight years in jail if convicted of both felonies.
The charges stem from an altercation in Hollywood in November 2021 between Rocky and fellow rapper Terell Ephron, whose stage name is A$AP Relli and who was a member with Rocky in the ASAP Mob rap group that started in Harlem in 2006.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group