By
Rihanna is experiencing the joys of motherhood and is sharing all that she’s learning from her family.
The CEO of the Fenty empire has two sons, RZA, 2, and Riot, 1, with her partner, rapper A$AP Rocky, and is loving her family life.
In an interview with NBC, Rihanna explains how her sons are adjusting to each other and how they fill her with joy every day.
“It’s fun. I literally enjoy it so much, ” Rihanna said. “I am just looking at them and living through them, and I’m amazed by every new discovery of theirs, even their boundaries.”
“They’re teaching me how to be their mom as much as I’m teaching them how to be in this world and guide them as best as I can,” she continued.
As time goes on, Rihanna is learning how her boys interact with each other and how her oldest is protective over his younger sibling.
A post shared by A$AP ROCKY (@asaprocky)
“The second that his baby brother cries, (RZA’s) there. He’s running down; he’s actually crying,” too,” she said. “He’s worried. He loves him! It’s just hard to share toys and pacifiers.”
Rihana and Rocky have been an item since 2021 and are one of the most beloved celebrity couples. Expressing his love for Rihanna, Rocky has described has as “the love of my life.”  In August, Rocky shared his view on how the couple makes it all happen.
“It’s crazy how we find balance with our chaotic schedules. When the schedules are hectic, she’s very understanding. And when things slow down, that’s when we spend the most time together. It’s all about understanding and compatibility,” Rocky said. 
The Harlem native also expressed his feelings about the TV programming that his children love including “Cocomelon.”
 “That s–t is driving me nuts! Don’t tell my girl I said that,” Rocky laughed.He quickly followed up, “I’m totally joking, I don’t give a s–t. She’s tired of it, too, probably.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97