A decade after her memorable Britain's Got Talent audition, Asanda Jezile is still turning heads.
The singer, who was just 11 when she first appeared on the ITV show, wowed judges David Walliams, Alesha Dixon, Simon Cowell, and Amanda Holden with her rendition of Rihanna's Diamonds and her impressive dance moves. Presenter Ant and Dec were also blown away by her impressive moves on the show.
Meanwhile, an impressed Simon said: "We've had a lot of people your age over the years performing and I've never seen anyone who's got such amazing stage presence. It was seriously, seriously good."
READ MORE: Lottie Moss turns up the heat as she pours killer curves into tiny black bikini
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Asanda sailed through to the next round with four thumbs up from the judges and performed Beyonce's If I Were a Boy in the final, finishing seventh. In that year, dance group Attraction were crowned the winners.
Now, ten years later, Asanda continues to pursue her passion for singing, with her bio listing her many achievements since her time on the show. The Britain's Got Talent 2013 finalist and Eurovision 2018 semi-finalist, who also appeared in the BGT 2020 Christmas special, and is now a popular figure on Instagram with over 30,000 followers.
Asanda, now 22, regularly updates her fans about her music career and shares glamorous photos from her life, including a trip to Miami for her birthday. She also participated in Eurovision: You Decide, where the UK representative was chosen through a combination of public votes and the decisions of an eight-member professional jury.
Asanda recently released her single The Wait Is Over and used Instagram to reflect on her journey so far, even making a joke about her hairstyle during her famous audition. She penned: "I feel like I owe an explanation, especially to the individuals who have shown mad love & support from the day I sang on that stage with that crusty looking fringe.
"It's been a long way since 2013. Ten years, time really does fly! It really hasn't been easy, especially putting a project out after ten years, The woman I'm becoming, is already a journey itself & I'm excited for the next chapter it brings."
Despite her success on Britain's Got Talent, at the time, some viewers criticised her song choice and performance. One viewer -commented: "This was clear proof Rihanna is no role model! Those dance moves did not belong on an 11-year-old!!" Another added: "Time for some parents to get real and censor what their children are watching..."
In the midst of controversy, a representative for Britain's Got Talent said: "Any singers auditioning for Britain's Got Talent choose what song they want to perform themselves. With children, the decision is made between the individual and their parents."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.