By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:12, 4 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:12, 4 October 2024   
 13
View  comments
Rihanna was effortlessly stylish as she stepped out for a lowkey outing in New York City on Thursday. 
The Diamonds songstress, 36 - who recently showed off her incredible figure in pink lingerie for her new Savage x Fenty collection - strutted down a sidewalk in the bustling city as she headed to her destination. 
The mother-of-two donned a fuzzy, brown and white-colored coat that fell down past her knees and partially concealed a white ensemble underneath. 
She additionally slipped into a pair of comfy sneakers that were secured with laces and coincided with the color scheme of her look. 
Rihanna's dark locks were parted in the middle, and swept up into a messy up do on top of her head. 
Rihanna, 36, was effortlessly stylish as she stepped out for a lowkey outing in New York City on Thursday
The star accessorized the outfit with a pair of small earrings as well as a dainty, sparkling necklace and flashy gold bracelet on her left wrist. 
Rihanna easily carried a chic, dark brown purse with a gold strap to hold a few items she needed during the nighttime excursion. 
A warm blush was added to her cheekbones, while a glossy nude tint was worn on her lips and bordered by a darker liner. 
The Umbrella hitmaker could be seen making her way down a sidewalk before crossing a street during the outing. 
The star has been keeping busy and over the past weekend on Sunday, stunned in new photos to promote her latest Savage x Fenty Lavish Lace collection.
While striking a variety of poses on a spacious mattress, the performer flaunted her toned frame wearing a pink, lace bra as well as matching bottoms. 
Her brunette locks effortlessly flowed down around her in light waves as she sent sultry gazes towards the camera. 
The collection - which is currently available to consumers - offers sets in other colors including purple, brown, black, blue and also green. 
The mother-of-two donned a fuzzy, brown and white-colored coat that fell down past her knees and partially concealed a white ensemble underneath
The star has been keeping busy and over the past weekend on Sunday, stunned in new photos to promote her latest Savage x Fenty Lavish Lace collection
And last month in September, the beauty whisked herself away to London to attend the launch of Fenty Hair at Selfridges. 
She turned heads wearing a fuzzy, cream-colored coat that was off-the-shoulder and secured with a belt that tied around the waist. 
Rihanna put on a leggy display and slipped into a pair of closed-toed, shiny gold heels. 
Her hair was parted to the side, and cascaded down in elegant curls and she completed the glammed up outfit with dangly earrings. 
The Love On The Brain singer is also mother to sons RZA, two, and Riot, one - whom she shares with partner A$AP Rocky. 
Back in May, sources close to the stars opened up to People about their relationship and gave an update as they raise their two little ones.
One insider stated, 'They have always had a solid friendship and the romance just enhanced that,' while adding that for the couple, 'family comes first.'
Another source informed the outlet that the Love On The Brain singer 'is all about motherhood.'
And last month in September, the beauty whisked herself away to London to attend the launch of Fenty Hair at Selfridges (seen above) 
'She brings the kids on every trip, including work trips. The kids come with her everywhere. She never complains that she's tired. She seems to just love life.'
The insider added that the lovebirds 'are doing great' and explained the A$AP Rocky is 'such a fun dad' to their boys.
'They're doing a great job raising their kids. He's very supportive of Rihanna, too. They're both extremely driven and hard-working. He's the same way - you'll never hear him complain. They're amazing together. Rihanna truly seems the happiest.' 
In April, Rihanna gushed to E! News about being a mother to two sons and said, 'It makes me feel really cool to be a boy mom.'
One insider stated, 'They have always had a solid friendship and the romance just enhanced that,' while adding that for the couple, 'family comes first'
The source added that the lovebirds 'are doing great' and explained the A$AP Rocky is 'such a fun dad' to their boys
'I get to be as casual and busted as I want to, but it also forces me to embrace the epic things about being a woman and female and all my femininity - I embrace it so much more now.'
The star also sweetly added, 'They bring purpose to every aspect of my life. Everything has to be intentional, and everything has to be worth it - especially when it takes me away from them.'
Before her latest appearance in NYC on Thursday, Rihanna flaunted her sense of style as she grabbed dinner at the hotspot Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica over the past weekend. 
The singer sported a black tracksuit which she completed with a fuzzy, black shawl and light brown, Puma sneakers. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group