Avert your eyes, Drake! This will just make you more salty...
Source: Raymond Hall / Getty
After taking a break from the spotlight to do the parenthood thing with A$AP Rocky and their two children, RZA and Riot (we love those names), Rihanna has been slowly reintroducing herself to the world and has reminded us that she’s still that baddie from Barbados that we can’t get enough of.
Her latest stunning appearance came during this year’s Crop Over festival, where the “Umbrella” singer took to the streets of St. Michael in her home country of Barbados, and needless to say, she stole the show. According to ET Online, Riri rocked the heck out of a bejeweled bodysuit, which showed just why so many men (and some women) are obsessed with the 36-year-old superstar.
Per ET Online:
The jaw-dropping costume came complete with an ornate headdress and a pair of massive, brilliantly colorful feathered wings, giving her a phoenix-like vibe as she made her grand entrance during the event’s Grand Kadooment parade.
This marks Rihanna’s first time at Crop Over Festival since 2019, TMZ reports.
The beloved songstress has made several appearances at the Caribbean festival over the years, and has sported a whole array of different, steamy, feather-adorned ensembles.
At this point, Marvel Studios needs to cast her as a superhero or something because she looks amazing in that outfit.
Props to A$AP Rocky for not being one of those “You not wearing that outside!” kind of hubbys.
Though this is Rihanna’s first appearance at the festival in quite some time, she does have a history of being a show stopper at it, and we hope she continues to do so for the foreseeable future.
How did y’all think Rihanna looked at the Crop Over Festival this year? Let us know in the comments section below.

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.