If there’s a common thread that ties Rihanna’s recent outfits together, it’s swathes upon swathes of fabric. She turned up at The Guggenheim for Alaïa’s spring 2025 show in cascades of crystal mesh, then debuted her Fenty Hair collection at Selfridges enveloped in a custom iteration of Jacquemus’s opening fall 2024 look. She strutted into Giorgio Baldi on the West Coast in an oversized Away NY tracksuit, then took a late-night stroll through Manhattan in a Bottega Veneta coat of Brobdingnagian proportions, clutching her Sardine bag like an emotional support animal.
Rihanna wore a custom take on Look 35 of LaQuan Smith’s SS25 collection.
Her look on Thursday night, then, was something of a curve-hugging curveball. Before LaQuan Smith debuted his spring 2025 collection in Bushwick over New York Fashion Week, he described “the ultimate LaQuan Smith woman” to Vogue as being all about “glamour and sensuality and things that are quite provocative and modern”, and while he stopped short of mentioning Rihanna by name, RiRi, it seems, knew he had her in his mind’s eye–plucking look 35 from the runway for A$AP Rocky’s 36th birthday celebrations in New York City on October 3rd.
Since being named an ambassador for Bottega Veneta, A$AP Rocky has been wearing Matthieu Blazy’s designs at every turn.
This being Rihanna, she made some adjustments to the original design worn by Taylor Hill on the catwalk–including reworking the navel-exposing V-neck to be more, well, demure–and switched up the styling with tinted Dolce & Gabbana shades and Gianvito Rossi’s embellished Montecarlo sandals. As for Rocky? The Matthieu Blazy acolyte wore head-to-toe spring 2025 Bottega Veneta less than a fortnight after the collection debuted in Paris–as phresh out the runway as it gets.
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty