THE ex-bodyguard of megastar Rihanna is expected to survive after being injured in a shooting incident this afternoon.
Geoff Keating, 46, is at Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown where he is being treated after suffering at least one gunshot wound in Finglas, northwest Dublin.
However it is understood that Mr Keating was conscious and talking at the scene before being rushed off to hospital.
Cops believe a shotgun was used in the incident. 
In recent months, Mr Keating has claimed his life was under threat and there was a €15,000 bounty on his head.
Last year Mr Keating was found guilty of criminal damage after he wrote “child protection symbols” in chalk outside a garda station.
Mr Keating works as a "medium" and was previously employed as Rihanna's bodyguard during the singer's Diamonds tour over a decade ago.
Gardai are examining a number of theories around the shooting.
However they have yet to establish the full circumstances surrounding it.
A spokesman said: "Gardai are investigating the discharge of a firearm that occurred at Finglas, Dublin 11, today, Wednesday 18th December 2024, at approximately 10.30am.
"A man (aged in his 40s) was conveyed to Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown for treatment of injuries believed to be non-life-threatening at this time.
"Investigations are ongoing.
"Gardai are appealing for any witnesses to this incident to come forward.
"Any road users or pedestrians who were in the Woodbank area of Finglas, Dublin 11, between 9am and 10.30am this morning, Wednesday 18th December 2024, and may have camera footage (including dash-cam) are asked to make it available.
"Anyone with information is asked to contact Finglas Garda Station on (01) 666 7500, the Garda Confidential Line on 1800 666 111, or any Garda Station."
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/