Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
A "normal part" of Miley Cyrus' day is texting with the one and only Beyoncé. 
In a new interview with W magazine published June 3, the "Flowers" singer said when she's not tapping into her performer persona, she's experiencing the part of her life that's "super intimate, sacred, and secret."
That private time includes texting with Beyoncé, she said.
"Sometimes I forget to talk about things that are a ­normal part of my day-to-day, like texting with Beyoncé," she said. 
"I think it’s a really cute part of our relationship, because over the past couple of years I’ve really locked down on my privacy and on what I share with the public," she added. "She’s the same way. Part of our relationship is the safety between us."
Their relationship is rooted in both their performance personas and in their personal connection, Cyrus said. They recently collaborated on the “Cowboy Carter” song “II Most Wanted,” which was released March 29.
"Our personas have a relationship, but then we have a relationship. And I love that," Cyrus said.
Cyrus has been vocal about being a longtime fan of Beyoncé before becoming colleagues.
Read on to learn more about how their paths have crossed over the years.
In a throwback video posted by a fan on X, what appears to be a teenage Miley Cyrus shared her excitement about meeting Beyoncé at an event.
“Beyoncé is here, my mom’s always telling me, ‘What would Beyoncé do?’ So I am excited to meet her tonight,” Cyrus said.
It’s unclear whether Cyrus met the “Single Ladies” singer that night, but in any case, Cyrus’ Beyoncé fandom definitely goes way back.
In a 2007 interview with Oprah Winfrey, a then 14-year-old Cyrus revealed that her mom, Tish Cyrus, is also a huge fan of Beyoncé. Tish Cyrus saw Beyoncé as a role model for her daughter.
“(Beyoncé is) her favorite person in the world, and my mom brings me every article,” Cyrus said. “(She says), ‘Look, she’s so humble, but still amazing.’”
Cyrus had the chance to perform alongside Beyoncé — not to mention Rihanna, Carrie Underwood, Mariah Carey, Mary J. Blige, and several other musical icons — in 2008 as part of a “Stand Up to Cancer” telethon special.
Beyoncé and Cyrus, then 16, stood side by side as the group performed “Just Stand Up!” by Babyface and Ronnie Walton.
Cyrus recalled the performance in her June 3 W magazine profile.
"I was ­sandwiched between Beyoncé and Rihanna, who were, you know, five feet ten inches and in heels. Their hips were, like, up to my shoulders. They were these powerful, fully realized, grown women, and I’m pretty sure I had braces on the back of my teeth. They were protective of me," she remembered. 
Beyoncé later sent her a Christmas gift that year, Cyrus added. The gift was a piece from Beyoncé's then-clothing line, House of Deréon. 
"That Christmas, Beyoncé sent me a House of Deréon jacket that said 'Miley' on the back in gold studs, which is my favorite, and some jeans with my name on it. In one of my songs, 'Cattitude,' I say, 'And for my 16th birthday, I got Deréon from the house of the queen.'"
Cyrus also reflected on the experience in a 2023 TikTok video.
“What I remember most from doing this performance is I was standing in between two of the biggest legends and icons that I was looking up to at the time, and they treated me like a little sister the entire time,” she said. “They were being really sweet.”
“I got brackets on the back of my teeth, and I’m singing with Beyoncé!” she added.
In 2014, quotes attributed to Cyrus circulated online, in which Cyrus supposedly insulted Beyoncé’s appearance and career and claimed she was a better artist. 
The quotes were supposedly given to Britain’s Love magazine, but the publication denied that Cyrus had ever said them. 
“@MileyCyrus never said anything to us about Beyonce, the quotes were made up and we’re trying to get to the bottom of where this came from,” the magazine wrote in a January 2014 tweet.
Cyrus also denied ever insulting Beyoncé in multiple posts on Twitter, the platform now known as X.
“That quote people MADE UP about Beyonce just made me lol!” she wrote in one post. “Imagine if I said I got ‘the looks and the curves I’m just better!’ Bahahahhaha.”
In another tweet, the singer said she was “getting 2 the bottom” of the fabricated quotes and making the person who had circulated them “retract the statement.”
“U can cause ALOT of drama but NOT between me & B!” she wrote in the same tweet.
Sixteen years after they shared a stage at the “Stand Up 2 Cancer” concert, Beyoncé and Cyrus officially collaborated with "II Most Wanted."
"I wrote that song, like, two and a half years ago," Cyrus told W magazine. 
"My mom would always go, 'I love that song so much.' So when Beyoncé reached out to me about music, I thought of it right away because it really encompasses our relationship," she added.
She said the track has "so much" of them in it, and it was a dream collaboration. 
"I told her, 'We don’t have to get ­country; we are country. We’ve been country.' I said, 'You know, between you being from Texas and me being from Tennessee, so much of us is going to be in this song.' Getting to write a song, not just sing, for Beyoncé was a dream come true," she said. 
Both stars grew up with mothers who guided their careers, Miley Cyrus with Tish Cyrus and Beyoncé with Tina Knowles.
"One of the things that we text about is our relationships with our mothers," Cyrus told W magazine. 
"Like her mom, Ms. Tina, my mom is also an M.T.: Mama Tish," she continued. "A lot of people call her Mom, in the way that Ms. Tina is almost not just a mother to Beyoncé, but to Beyoncé’s fans as well. Both of us grew up, in our own way, with moms who were everything. My mom was my makeup, hair, seamstress, styling, tour manager — like, the actual manager. The word 'mother' is the most all-encompassing word."
Lindsay Lowe has been a regular contributor to TODAY.com since 2016, covering pop culture, style, home and other lifestyle topics. She is also working on her first novel, a domestic drama set in rural Regency England.
Randi Richardson is a reporter for NBC News' TODAY.com based in Brooklyn.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.