The 46-year-old has been under active threat for a number of years.

Geoffrey Keating with Rihanna
Geoffrey Keating
Gardaí are investigating after former high profile bodyguard Geoffrey Keating suffered injuries in a shooting in Dublin this morning.
The 46-year-old was taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries following the incident in Finglas.
It’s understood a shotgun was used in the attack.
A large garda presence was still at the scene at Woodbank Drive this afternoon.
Keating has been under active threat for a number of years.
Mr Keating, whose most high-profile role in private security saw him employed as head of security on pop singer Rihanna’s Diamonds tour in 2012 and 2013, has previously publicly said there was a contract on his life.
Geoffrey Keating
Gardai confirmed the incident in a statement today.
"Gardaí are investigating the discharge of a firearm, that occurred at Finglas, Dublin 11, today, Wednesday 18th December 2024, at approximately 10.30am,” a spokesperson said.
A man (aged in his 40’s) was conveyed to Connolly Hospital Blanchardstown for treatment of injuries believed to be non-life-threatening at this time.”
Gardai said investigations are ongoing.
“Gardaí are appealing for any witnesses to this incident to come forward.
“Any road users or pedestrians who were in the Woodbank area of Finglas, Dublin 11, between 9am and 10.30am this morning, Wednesday 18th December 2024, and may have camera footage (including dash-cam) are asked to make it available.
“Anyone with information is asked to contact Finglas Garda Station on (01) 666 7500, the Garda Confidential Line on 1800 666 111, or any Garda Station.”
Several years ago, Mr Keating launched defamation proceedings against Rihanna.
In that case, he claimed he was defamed in a series of allegedly false statements contained in an email sent to him and his wife by the defendant in July 2013.
He claimed the allegations and untrue statements contained in the email had gravely injured his reputation and his business. In 2015 a notice of discontinuance was lodged, bringing those proceedings to an end with Mr Keating later saying it had been settled.
In an interview with the Sunday World in August, Mr Keating revealed that he received information that there is a €15,000 hit on his head.
He alleged the threat against him is linked to false claims circulating in Dublin branding him a garda informant.
Mr Keating said he was given a name of the individual behind the threat by a former prisoner who was released from a prison in the capital during the summer.
He also said the former prisoner’s claims mirrored those of a separate individual who had contacted him the previous day.
“He said ‘I hope you’re alright. I hear they’re saying a lot of things about you’.”
Keating said he had contacted gardaí on numerous occasions by phone and email after being told of the alleged threat but hasn’t received a response.
“I’m very worried about this,” he said. “Very worried.
“I’m prepared but, also, I’d be stupid if I wasn’t worried. I’ve gone back into security mode in my house.
“I have top-of-the-range CCTV around the house so I have all approaches to the house covered.
“But it’s still hugely worrying.
“I believe this threat is very credible.
“If I was advising a family who were in this situation, I’d be advising them to do a whole load to shore up security.
“People should not be put under this level of threat!”
Daily Headlines Newsletter
Receive today's headlines directly to your inbox every morning and evening
Please check your inbox to verify your details