Register to Drapers to read ONE FREE article and a FREE digital edition
Register to Drapers to read ONE FREE article and a FREE digital edition

 By Sabina Weston
24 April 2025

The John Lewis Partnership has appointed Andy Mounsey, previously group finance and strategy director, as chief financial officer with immediate effect.
British luxury streetwear brand Represent has named former Dr Martens CEO Kenny Wilson as new chair and non-executive director, tasked with powering growth and global expansion.
Asda chief information officer (CIO) Carl Dawson and VP of digital and technology Rob Barnes are set to exit the supermarket business as £1bn IT overhaul "nears completion".
Jonathan Anderson has been appointed as Kim Jones’ successor at Dior Men and will unveil his debut collection during Paris Fashion Week in June.
French luxury fashion label Jean Paul Gaultier has appointed Dutch designer Duran Lantink as its new creative director, succeeding the business's eponymous founder.
Activewear brand Tala has appointed Darren Read, regional managing director of cycling clothing brand Rapha, as commercial director to speed up its expansion plans.
Bravissimo CEO Leanne Cahill has stepped down after nearly eight years with the business as part of a restructuring by parent company Wacoal Europe.
Victoria's Secret announced on Tuesday (8 April) the appointment of fashion designer and former Savage X Fenty chief design officer Adam Selman to the role of SVP and executive creative director.
As part of leadership changes at luxury conglomerate LVMH, Ramon Ros has been named CEO of Fendi, while Charlotte Coupé has been appointed CEO of Kenzo.
Supermarket chain Sainsbury’s, which is home to fashion brand Tu, has outlined changes to its board, welcoming former Marks & Spencer co-CEO Katie Bickerstaffe and current CEO of The Sage Group Steve Hare as non-executive directors.
Former Diane von Furstenberg designer Jonathan Saunders is taking on the newly created role of chief creative officer at H&M Group-owned & Other Stories.
British heritage knitwear business John Smedley has promoted Jess McGuire Dudley, deputy managing director and global brand director, to the role of managing director, succeeding Ian Maclean, Drapers can reveal.
Victoria Beckham has named Sybille Darricarrère Lunel, currently global business director, leather goods at Dior, as its new CEO effective 1 July.
Primark CEO Paul Marchant has exited the high street retailer with immediate effect following an investigation into alleged workplace misconduct.
Loewe has appointed Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, founders of Proenza Schouler, as creative directors. They succeed Jonathan Anderson, who left the label last week after 11 years at its creative helm.
Decathlon has appointed Javier López as CEO as the sportswear and equipment retailer embarks aims to step up its “actions to promote access to sport”.
L'Oréal Group-owned French fashion house Mugler has appointed former Dior, Givenchy and Sportmax designer Miguel Castro Freitas as its new artistic director.
The White Company CFO Robert Miller is leaving the business after nearly 10 years and will be succeed by Alan Martin from Charles Tyrwhitt, Drapers can reveal.
Jonathan Anderson is departing Loewe after 11 years as creative director, where he turned the LVMH-owned Spanish leather brand into a vibrant luxury fashion house.
Former Matalan chief trading officer Ben Smith, who left the high street retailer in January, will take on the role of clothing managing director at Sainsbury's later this year.
Balenciaga creative director Demna Gvasalia will replace Sabato de Sarno at the creative helm of Gucci.
Seasalt chief information officer Mel Wilcox has left the business after less than two years, Drapers can reveal.
Italian luxury house Versace has named Miu Miu design director Dario Vitale as successor to long-time chief creative officer Donatella Versace.
Jil Sander has appointed Bally's Simone Bellotti as creative director with immediate effect, succeeding Lucie and Luke Meier, who left in February.
Boohoo Group-owned Debenhams has hired Jo Hunt, head of partner brands at Asos, as head of business development.
Credit: Zelinda Zanichelli

Credit: Zelinda Zanichelli
French heritage brand Carven, which is owned by China’s ICCF Group, has appointed Mark Thomas as design director after Louise Trotter's exit.
Barry Williams, former Poundland managing director, who took over as managing director of Pepco in September 2023, will return to the Poundland brand to permanently take up the position of managing director of Poundland with immediate effect.
Burberry's SVP of digital commerce, Suzanne Egleton, has left the business after nearly three years, Drapers has learned.
Baaj Capital-owned fashion retailer In The Style has cut at least 17 jobs as the business edges towards a pre-pack administration, Drapers has learned.
Topshop is preparing for its website relaunch, posting three teaser videos on its Instagram account with the caption "watch this space", following the appointment of a new managing director of Topshop and Topman earlier this week.
Lucie and Luke Meier, who have been the creative directors of Jil Sander since 2017, have announced their departure from the Milan-based brand.
Tesco's managing director of clothing and home, Jan Marchant, is retiring after nearly two decades with the business and will be succeeded by H&M Group executive Katja Ahola Klamkin.
Premium womenswear label Wyse London has appointed former Mint Velvet COO Kara Groves as chief executive, succeeding Suzy Slavid who joined River Island earlier this month.
Gymshark has promoted Kim Dolder, general manager of North America, to the role of chief commercial officer.
Asos has announced a raft of promotions and new hires including an expanded role for Vanessa Spence, executive vice-president of creative, and appointing Zalando software boss Przemek Czarnecki as EVP technology.
River Island has appointed Suzy Slavid, CEO of Wyse London, as trading managing director, following the return of Ben Lewis as CEO.
Jigsaw CEO Hash Ladha has resigned after 15 months in the role, Drapers can reveal.
Marks & Spencer has made three key appointments to strengthen its international management team including Manish Kapoor, Victoria Jones and Richard Davies.
Prada Group has appointed Silvia Onofri as CEO of Miu Miu, succeeding Benedetta Petruzzo who left in October to join Dior.
Dr Martens has appointed US retail veteran Robert Hanson as well as partner at Permira, Benoit Vauchy, as non-executive directors, effective from 26 March.
JD Sports outdoor CEO Lee Bagnall

JD Sports outdoor CEO Lee Bagnall
JD Sports outdoor CEO Lee Bagnall is leaving business after 12 years and will be succeed by Dominic Jordan, former CEO of Hobbycraft, Drapers can reveal.
Freemans has appointed Paul Horsfield, previously transformation director at N Brown, to the newly created role of chief commercial officer.
British fashion and lifestyle brand Paul Smith has appointed Ewan Venters as a non-executive director.
John Lyttle

John Lyttle
Marks & Spencer has appointed former Boohoo Group CEO John Lyttle as its new managing director of clothing, home and beauty, succeeding Richard Price.
Kathleen Mitchell

Kathleen Mitchell
Kathleen Mitchell, who joined John Lewis as commercial director in 2021, has left the department store.
Gucci has announced the departure of its creative director Sabato De Sarno, who joined the luxury brand in January 2023.
Fashion and homeware digital retail platform N Brown Group has promoted Clare Empson to the newly created role of chief customer operations officer, as it seeks to elevate its customer experience.
Daniel Fletcher

Daniel Fletcher
Menswear designer and former Fiorucci artistic director Daniel Fletcher has been appointed creative director of Chinese-based London Fashion Week label Mithridate with immediate effect.
Marks & Spencer has promoted social media lead Charlotte Tonry to the role of head of social media.
Henri-Lloyd creative director Kestin Hare will exit the Manchester-based sailing clothing brand in May as his two-year contract comes to an end.
Richard Cristofoli

Richard Cristofoli
Richard Cristofoli, chief customer officer of Freemans, is leaving the online fashion retailer after more than four years, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Mytheresa has nominated Richemont CFO Burkhart Grund to join its board, subject to the completion of its acquisition of Yoox Net-A-Porter (YNAP).
Womenswear brand Club L London has promoted digital and trading director Dan Lorenson to the role of chief marketing officer.
Luxury department store Liberty has promoted Lydia King to group buying and merchandising director as the retailer looks to "unify and strengthen" its buying and merchandising functions.
N Brown Group has appointed Dene Jones, former customer director at Very, as CEO of retail, succeeding Sarah Welsh, who is leaving the business after five years.
Jack McCollough and Lazaro Hernandez, who founded womenswear label Proenza Schouler will step down at the end of January.
Asda has promoted Liz Evans, managing director of George, to the role of chief commercial officer of non-food and retail, in a raft of changes to the supermarket's leadership team.
John Lewis Partnership's chief customer director Charlotte Lock has left the company after almost three years in the role.
Activewear brand Tala has appointed Jon Wetherell as creative director, who has worked in the same role at Net-A-Porter and Boden.
The British Fashion Council (BFC) has appointed Selfridges chief creative and former Drapers fashion editor Laura Weir to the role of CEO, effective 28 April 2025.
Dr Martens global creative director Darren Mckoy has exited the British footwear brand and manufacturer after 10 years.
James Foster has been appointed senior vice president global marketing at Hugo Boss.
Sir Nicholas Coleridge is to vacate the role of chair of Campaign for Wool after 14 years and will be succeeded by Peter Ackroyd, a widely respected figure for his global experience in the yarn, woollen and worsted fabric sector.
Boohoo Group-owned fashion marketplace Debenhams has promoted Patrick Duggan to the role of creative director.
UK Fashion & Textile Association (UKFT) chairman Nigel Lugg has stepped down from his position after nearly 10 years of leading the industry body.
British luxury brand Burberry has appointed Stella King, chief Chinese business officer at Moncler, as non-executive director, as two board members are to step down next year.
Frasers Group CEO Michael Murray has been nominated for a role on Hugo Boss' supervisory board as the German retailer announces a raft of new members.
Credit: Bottega Veneta

Credit: Bottega Veneta
Kering-owned luxury Italian label Bottega Veneta has appointed Carven's Louise Trotter as its new creative director, succeeding Matthieu Blazy, who joins Chanel as artistic director.
John Galliano, Maison Margiela’s creative director, has revealed he is stepping down from the French luxury fashion house after 10 years.
N Brown Group's merchandising director Matt Dawson and sourcing director Angela Gaskell are leaving the company as their roles are combined with buying director, Drapers has learned.
Outdoor footwear brand Merrell has appointed former Calvin Klein and Under Armour executive Noreen Naroo-Pucci to the role of chief product officer.
N Brown Group's merchandising director Matt Dawson and sourcing director Angela Gaskell are leaving the company as their roles are combined with buying director, Drapers has learned.
British sportswear brand Castore has appointed Danny Downs as its new chief commercial officer (CCO).
PrettyLittleThing chief marketing officer Nicki Capstick has exited the Boohoo Group-owned womenswear etailer, Drapers can reveal.
Belgian fashion designer Dries Van Noten has named in-house womenswear designer Julian Klausner as the new creative director of his eponymous fashion house.
Harvey Nichols has appointed Net-A-Porter buying director Katie Benson to the role of chief merchant.
Gymshark CFO Mathew Dunn has left the sportswear business after less than two years in the role.
Luxury womenswear brand Joseph has appointed JW Anderson product and design director Mario Arena to the role of creative director.
Allan Leighton succeeds Lord Rose, who has served as Asda chair since 2021.
Superdry has named Kim Zaheer, former finance director at Dreams, as interim CFO, replacing Giles David, as it published its financial results for the year to 27 April.
Mahmud Kamani

Mahmud Kamani
Boohoo Group has promoted non-executive director Tim Morris to the role of independent chair, with co-founder and executive chairman Mahmud Kamani taking up the vice chair role, despite calls from Frasers Group for him to step down.
American sportswear brand Champion has appointed former Ralph Lauren, Armani and Diesel executive Maurizio Donadi to the role of creative director, effective 1 December.
Sir Jon Thompson, who joined the board of Mike Ashley's Frasers Group as a non-executive director in June, is expected to take on the role of chairman in 2025.
Cédric Charbit will return to Saint Laurent as CEO after eight years leading fellow Kering luxury label Balenciaga.
LVMH has appointed Alexandre Arnault, son of CEO Bernard Arnault and executive at Tiffany, as deputy CEO of its wines and spirits division in a round of leadership shake-ups.
Textile cycling firm Circulose, previously known as Renewcell, has appointed former H&M Group CEO Helena Helmersson as chairman and McKinsey & Company partner Jonatan Janmark as CEO.
Womenswear and lifestyle brand Hush has appointed Philip Mountford, former CEO of Hunkemöller and Moss, as chairman of the board.
Matalan has appointed James Dorling, former Wilko executive, as property director, and Keith Down, ex-finance director at Selfridges, as non-executive director.
Kate Phelan will start as creative director at luxury department store Harvey Nichols with immediate effect.
Burberry has appointed retail veteran and former Topshop/Topman CEO Paul Price into an expanded role of chief product merchandising and planning officer.
Allan Winstanley has been named chief executive of independent department store chain Morleys Stores, following the departure of Nigel Blow.
Lebanese womenswear designer Elie Saab's eponymous brand has appointed Greek-Austrian accessories designer Marina Raphael (pictured) to lead its handbag division as artistic and design director.
British fashion and lifestyle retailer White Stuff has been acquired for an undisclosed amount by TFG London, the South African owner of fashion brands Hobbs, Whistles and Phase Eight.
Never Fully Dressed has appointed Tikki Godley, former brand CEO of Ted Baker Design Group, to the newly created role of chief operating officer, as the brand sets sights on international expansion, Drapers can reveal.
FatFace digital director and Drapers 30 Under 30 alumnus Liam Price has joined AllSaints as global ecommerce director.
Mark Wright, the former chief operating officer at Fat Face, has been named interim chief executive at premium maternity and childrenswear brand JoJo Maman Bébé.
Boohoo Group has signed a new £222m debt financing agreement, to provide it with the financing needed for the next phase of its development following a loss in the first half year, as CEO John Lyttle exits the business.
Left to right: Will Van Rensburg, Glen Wilkinson

Left to right: Will Van Rensburg, Glen Wilkinson
Footasylum has appointed former Under Armour executive Will Van Rensburg as chief commercial officer and ex-Reebok product chief Glen Wilkinson as senior buying director, Drapers can reveal.
Frasers Group managing director of sport Ger Wright will be stepping away from her role on 30 November 2024, the business announced today (14 October). She will remain on the board as a non-executive director.
Fendi artistic director of womenswear and couture, Kim Jones, is to step down after four years in the role, the luxury label's owner LVMH has confirmed.
Detroit-based footwear and streetwear resale platform StockX has appointed Nicholas Karrat to the role of chief marketing officer (CMO).
Quiz chief financial officer Gerry Sweeney is to step down from his position after eight years with the retailer.
Mulberry has announced that non-executive director Julie Gilhart will step down after its AGM next month, having spent nearly ten years with the company.
Kering has appointed Gucci deputy CEO Stefano Cantino to the role of CEO, effective 1 January 2025.
John Lewis Partnership CEO Nish Kankiwala will revert to the role of a non-executive, advising the retailer's board.
Matalan CEO Jo Whitfield has stepped down from her position after 18 months with the business to pursue a portfolio career.
LVMH has named former Polo Ralph Lauren designer Michael Rider as the new creative director of French fashion house Celine.
Marks & Spencer managing director of clothing and home Richard Price has taken on a non-executive role at global ecommerce platform Refined Networks, Drapers can reveal.
Italian luxury fashion house Missoni has revealed its creative director, Filippo Grazioli, is stepping down after two years in the role.
Hedi Slimane has left his post as creative director of Celine after seven years, says the luxury label's owner LVMH.
Nigel Blow had been named as the successor to Fenwick CEO John Edgar, who is stepping down after almost five years at the helm.
Mary Homer and Jonathon Brown

Mary Homer and Jonathon Brown
Former Joules CEO Jonathon Brown and former The White Company CEO Mary Homer have joined the leadership team of maternitywear retailer Seraphine, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Asos has launched a consultation with staff in its technology team on a proposed restructuring to simplify the organisation, which "will not change the overall number of employees".
Cornish clothing and lifestyle brand Seasalt has appointed Louise Couch to the role of chief financial officer (CFO).
Nike announced on Thursday (19 September) that former consumer and marketplace president Elliott Hill will return to the sportswear giant as president and CEO, replacing John Donahoe.
Caroline Rush, CEO of the British Fashion Council, has announced today she will be stepping down from her position in June 2025. A search for her replacement is underway.
JD Sports Fashion has appointed US-based Prama Bhatt, former chief digital officer at Ulta Beauty, as non-executive director, effective from 23 September.
PrettyLittleThing founder and former CEO Umar Kamani has announced his return to the business, vowing to "reconnect with customers and make meaningful improvements" including reintroducing free returns for its royalty members.
UK activewear brand Gymshark has appointed Farfetch's former chief people officer, Sian Keane, in the same role.
Sarah Burton, who last year exited Alexander McQueen, has been named the new creative director of LVMH's Givenchy.
French designer Haider Ackermann has been named as the new creative director of Estée Lauder owned Tom Ford.
US sportswear brand Under Armour has named former Adidas Italy CEO Franck Denglos as vice president of commercial for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA).
The Very Group has appointed two non-executive directors, including former Asos CEO Nick Beighton.
Miu Miu CEO Benedetta Petruzzo is set to join LVMH-owned Christian Dior as managing director on 15 October 2024.
Japanese retailer Uniqlo has appointed British designer Clare Waight Keller as its creative director.
Luxury British heritage label Burberry has named Jonathan Kiman as chief marketing officer and Laura Dubin-Wander as president, Americas.
Spanish fashion retailer Mango has appointed Marlies Hersbach as its new ecommerce executive director as the retailer continues to strengthen its online business by entering 12 new markets.
Swedish ready-to-wear and golfwear brand J Lindeberg has appointed former Levi Strauss and Toms exec Alexander Diedrich as its new head of ecommerce, effective 1 September 2024.
British luxury brand Strathberry has appointed a new managing director in an effort to continue its recent increase in turnover.
Hillary Super, former CEO of Rihanna's Savage X Fenty label, will join Victoria’s Secret as its CEO effective 9 September, succeeding Martin Waters.
Wood Wood's new management team (from left): Brian SS Jensen, Gitte Wetter, Morten Dybdahl

Wood Wood's new management team (from left): Brian SS Jensen, Gitte Wetter, Morten Dybdahl
Danish fashion and lifestyle brand Wood Wood has announced a slew of management changes under new ownership, which includes co-founder Brian SS Jensen transitioning to the role of creative director.
Tom Goodman, who joined Regatta Ltd in 2020, has been promoted into the role of chief digital and technology officer.
Frasers Group non-executive director David Brayshaw has retired from the board after nearly eight years, effective from 12 August.
The London-based specialist college has appointed former Marks & Spencer CEO Lord Rose as its first patron ahead of its new campus opening.
Asos has confirmed the departure of Clifford Cohen, executive vice president of technology, who was succeeded by Hugh Williams on an interim basis.
David Koma photographed by Frederic Aranda

David Koma photographed by Frederic Aranda
The London Fashion Week designer David Koma has been appointed creative director of Italian fashion house Blumarine.
Family-owned department store Fenwick has named retail industry veteran Nigel Blow as its new chief executive, effective October 2024.
Selfridges CEO Andrew Keith will reportedly leave the luxury department store this autumn after four years at its helm.
Danish fashion brand Ganni has appointed former Net-A-Porter and Belstaff CMO Sheena Sauvaire to the role of interim chief brand officer, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Lanvin Group-owned Italian luxury footwear and accessories brand Sergio Rossi has appointed Paul Andrew to the role of creative director.
Savage X Fenty, the lingerie brand co-founded in 2018 by pop star Rihanna, has appointed Nike head of brand marketing Vanessa Wallace to the role of chief marketing officer (CMO).
Hawkings was unveiled as Tom Ford’s creative director in May last year.
Joshua Schulman

Joshua Schulman
Joshua Schulman has replaced Jonathan Akeroyd, who has stepped down with immediate effect, as CEO of Burberry, while the British luxury fashion house reveals "disappointing" first-quarter trading and suspends dividends.
British sportswear brand Castore has appointed Peter Alecock, former JD Sports COO and Joe Browns CEO, to the newly-created role of commercial director.
Womenswear brand Club L London has promoted group finance director Richard Wing to the role of chief financial officer to lead the business through its next phase of global expansion.
High street fashion retailer Primark has appointed former Tesco clothing commercial director Nigel Jones as chief operating officer (COO).
US heritage brand Ralph Lauren has appointed Patrick Chopin as managing director for the UK and Ireland.
British luxury brand Mulberry has appointed former Ganni CEO Andrea Baldo as its new chief executive, replacing Thierry Andretta.
Boohoo Group has promoted Sophie Rycroft to the position of responsible sourcing director, succeeding Andrew Reaney who has joined PDS Group, Drapers can reveal.
Asda chief transformation officer Mark Simpson has exited after 17 years in the business amid organisational changes.
Sir John Timpson, chair of Timpson Group, said he will "spend more time with the business" after his son and CEO James Timpson was appointed prisons minister under the new government.
LVMH has appointed former Louis Vuitton executive Alessandro Valenti as CEO of Givenchy. The French couture house is yet to announce a successor to creative director Matthew Williams who left in December 2023.
Marks & Spencer has bolstered its team by naming a new chief commercial officer, as well as its new supply chain and commercial operations director.
JD Sports Fashion chief operating officer Sherilyn Paterson has left the role after 12 years with the business, Drapers has learned.
Lanvin has appointed Balenciaga's head of couture and VIP Peter Copping as artistic director, effective from September.
Accessories brand Aspinal of London has appointed Laura Brown, former Harrods retail director, as CEO.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed Andy Mounsey as its new interim executive director for finance.
Silas Adler, the founder and creative director of Danish contemporary fashion brand Soulland, has announced his departure after more than two decades at the business.
Jens Werner

Jens Werner
Swedish footwear and fashion brand Axel Arigato has promoted head of ready-to-wear Jens Werner to the role of creative director.
Russell & Bromley has appointed former Accessorize and Sweaty Betty design chief Daniel Beardsworth-Shaw as the 140-year-old British footwear brand's creative director.
Women's lifestyle retailer Hush is making leadership changes as its CFO departs and a new executive is appointed.
Luxury retailer End Clothing has named an interim replacement to chief buying and merchandising officer Lea Cranfield, who will exit the business in August.
Former CCO Regis Rimbert will return to Austrian lingerie brand Wolford as chief executive officer, effective 14 June.
Rod Manley will leave his position at the British luxury fashion house Burberry at the end of the year.
Superdry chief commercial officer Craig McGregor is stepping down from his role while the retailer awaits approval of its restructuring plan, Drapers has learned.
Chanel's Virginie Viard is stepping down after 30 years with the luxury fashion house, including five years as creative director.
Mike Ashley's Frasers Group has confirmed the appointment Sir Jon Thompson, formerly the CEO of independent regulator the Financial Reporting Council and CEO of HMRC, as non-executive director (NED) to its board.
Marks & Spencer has announced that Alison Dolan, CFO at Rightmove, will be joining the board as chief financial officer.
Veronica Leoni, former design director at The Row, has been appointed creative director of Calvin Klein Collection.
Brand Machine Group (BMG) has re-appointed Jonathan Tillery as chief product officer.
Clarks' UK and Ireland managing director Bob Neville and chief product officer Victoria Jones have left the company following CEO Jonathan Ram's departure, Drapers has learned.
German online retailer Zalando has appointed Nina Graf-Vlachy, managing director of central Europe at Puma, to the newly-created role of general manager for sports.
German sportswear brand Puma has appointed a new managing director for UK and Ireland.
German online retailer Zalando announced its co-founder David Schneider will step down as co-CEO to focus on new strategic partnerships.
The British Footwear Association (BFA) has appointed former Dune Group MD Richard Shetliffe to the role of chief executive officer.
The Very Group has appointed former chancellor, and MP for Stratford-on-Avon, Nadhim Zahawi, as non-executive chair.
John Lewis Partnership has appointed Rachel Morgans to the role of fashion director, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Coco Baraer Panazza

Coco Baraer Panazza
My Wardrobe HQ has appointed Cercle founder Coco Baraer Panazza as CEO amid the merger of the two luxury fashion rental platforms.
Clarks CEO Jonathan Ram has stepped down from the company after two years in the role while an interim executive committee has been formed to lead the business.
Hannah Mercer

Hannah Mercer
Solihull-based sportswear brand Gymshark has appointed Adidas global vice president Hannah Mercer and Abercrombie & Fitch SVP and GM for Gilly Hicks, Kim Dolder, to the newly-created roles of wholesale and retail general manager and North America general manager.
JD Sports Fashion non-executive director Mahbobeh Sabetnia will step down in June after two and a half years on the board.
N Brown has announced that Ron McMillan will be retiring as chair and stepping down from the board, with CEO Steve Johnson taking on chair responsibilities on an interim basis.
John Lewis Partnership executive director for finance Bérangère Michel will step down from her role this autumn after 16 years at the retailer.
Primark has appointed three retail executives to its strategic advisory board as it prepares for the exit of John Bason, finance director of parent company Associated British Foods (ABF).
Danish fashion label Ganni has named Balenciaga deputy CEO Laura du Rusquec as its new CEO.
Harvey Nichols CEO Julia Goddard

Harvey Nichols CEO Julia Goddard
Luxury department store Harvey Nichols has announced Julia Goddard, EMEA president of Alexander McQueen as its new CEO.
Asos has appointed ex-Matches CFO Dave Murray to the role of chief financial officer, as the etailer today (17 April) posted a year-on-year revenue decline of 18% in its interim results.
Dr Martens announced CEO Kenny Wilson will step down from the company at the end of the financial year, succeeded by chief brand officer Ije Nwokorie amid a "challenging" outlook.
French luxury house Balmain has appointed Givenchy's Matteo Sgarbossa as its new chief executive officer (CEO).
Alpargatas, the company behind Brazilian footwear brand Havaianas, has announced former Nike general manager Harm van de Camp as its new president.
Luxury fashion house Gucci has appointed former Louis Vuitton and Prada communications leader Stefano Cantino as its deputy CEO.
Denim brand Levi Strauss & Co has hired Burberry’s Gianluca Flore as chief commercial officer.
The Very Group, which operates etailers Very and Littlewoods, has promoted retail managing director Robbie Feather to the role of group CEO.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed former Tesco CEO Jason Tarry as its next chairman, replacing Sharon White.
Boohoo Group chief people officer Siobhan Forey is to leave her role after three years with the company, Drapers understands.
Stockholm-based fashion house Acne Studios has appointed Hendrik Bitterschulte as its new chief financial officer (CFO), effective 2 May 2024.
Activewear brand Adanola has named Niran Chana as its new CEO. Chana was previously chief commercial officer at Gymshark.
Alessandro Michele will replace Pierpaolo Piccioli as creative director of Valentino, after exiting Gucci in 2022.
Swedish premium womenswear brand Filippa K has promoted acting CEO Marie Forssenius to continue to lead the business on a permanent basis.
Quiz CEO and founder Tarak Ramzan has been replaced by his son and chief commercial officer, Sheraz Ramzan, with immediate effect, as non-executive chairman Peter Cowgill takes "a more active role".
Marks and Spencer has appointed Callum Briggs as head of menswear design, who joins the retailer from Hugo Boss, Drapers can reveal.
Luxury retailer End Clothing has appointed Steve Crease to the role of chief operating officer, Drapers can reveal.
British lifestyle retailer FatFace has announced a raft of changes to its leadership team following its £115.2m acquisition by high street giant Next in October 2023.
Conservative MP and former chancellor of the exchequer Nadhim Zahawi is reportedly in discussions to chair Very and Littlewoods owner Very Group.
Selfridges chief financial officer Preetha McCann has stepped down from her role after four months at the luxury department store, Companies House records reveal.
Pierpaolo Piccioli, creative director of Valentino, is exiting after 25 years at the Italian luxury label and eight years as sole creative lead.
The renowned Belgian designer Dries Van Noten is leaving the fashion house he established in 1986.
Former buying director at luxury retailer Browns and creative agency founder, Ida Petersson, has joined the board of directors at Swedish fashion house, Filippa K.
Walter Chiapponi has announced his departure as creative director from Italian label Blumarine after just one season.
US luxury denim and lifestyle brand Frame has appointed Thomas Lecoq to the role of CEO of Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA) as it plans to double revenue in these markets over the next three years.
Current CEO Stephanie Linnartz – who has led sportswear brand Under Armour since February 2023 – will be replaced by its founder Kevin Plank, the business announced yesterday (13 March).
Matches CEO Nick Beighton and CFO Dave Murray have left the business following its collapse into administration last week, Drapers has learned.
Liam Green and Bav Samani, co-founders of Leicester-based streetwear brand Just Hype, have exited the business less than a year after its pre-pack rescue.
Marks & Spencer has appointed Charlotte Davies as its new lingerie director, as Laura Charles retires from the role after 10 years with the retailer, Drapers can reveal.
Matalan has appointed a raft of senior leaders including director of online, director of strategy and director of marketing as the business continues its transformation.
Katie Bickerstaffe, who has been co-CEO at Marks & Spencer since May 2022, is to leave the retailer this July.
Womenswear retailer Jigsaw has announced a wave of new appointments to its leadership team, including the newly-created role of design director.
from left: Justin Lodge and Stephanie Legg

from left: Justin Lodge and Stephanie Legg
Footwear retailer Schuh has named Stephanie Legg as chief marketing officer and Justin Lodge as chief digital officer with immediate effect.
Footasylum has appointed David Pujolar, former general manager of Italian sportswear retailer AW Lab, as its new CEO, succeeding Barry Bown who will take up a consultancy role at Footasylum's owner Aurelius, Drapers can reveal.
Gobi Cashmere managing director and chief growth and strategy officer Amarsaikhan Baatarsaikhan has been promoted to the role of chief executive officer (CEO) of the premium cashmere brand.
Gymshark has promoted global marketing director Carly Natalizia to the newly-created role of chief digital officer.
Stuart Hill, COO of Matches, has announced his departure from the luxury fashion retailer.
Ger Wright, managing director of sport, Frasers Group at Drapers Future of Fashion 2023

Ger Wright, managing director of sport, Frasers Group at Drapers Future of Fashion 2023
Frasers Group has made a raft of appointments to its board.
Frasers Group chief marketing officer Beckie Stanion has left her role as the company restructures the marketing team, putting 20 jobs at risk, Drapers has learned.
British athleisure brand Castore has named Speedo's Kev McFadyen as chief marketing officer and Secret Sales' Leon Shepherd as chief technology officer, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Kath Smith, senior independent director at JD Sports Fashion as well as former Adidas UK MD and The North Face GM, has joined Liverpool sportswear brand Montirex.
Asos has appointed Anthony Ben Sadoun as executive vice president of digital product who will join the online fashion giant's management committee next week.
Fashion and homeware brand Joe Browns has appointed La Redoute CCO Dawn Bannerman as its new CEO, replacing Peter Alecock.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed former Tesco director Clare Swindell as non-executive director and chair of the audit and risk committee.
Gymshark women's head of brand Stephanie O'Neill has announced she will be stepping down after seven years at the Solihull-based activewear business.
Farfetch founder José Neves has reportedly stepped down from the role of chief executive officer at the troubled luxury etailer.
Former director of men’s and women's wear buying at luxury retailer Browns, Ida Petersson, has co-founded brand strategy and creative agency Good Eggs with US retail consultant Ramya Giangola.
New Zealand-based children's footwear brand Bobux has hired Karen Strickland as lead product developer, following a new partnership with its distributor HB Shoes.
Matalan has appointed Poundland's finance director Dave Williams as CFO, succeeding Stephen Hill, who is stepping down after 23 years with the company.
Zac Posen photographed by Mario Sorrenti

Zac Posen photographed by Mario Sorrenti
US retailer Gap has named American fashion designer Zac Posen as executive vice-president and creative director.
Troubled luxury fashion etailer Farfetch has named the former Deliveroo chief product officer Akshay Navle as director following December's rescue acquisition by South Korean ecommerce company Coupang.
VF Corporation, which owns Vans, The North Face and Timberland, has reported a 16% year-on-year decline in revenue to $2.96bn (£2.34bn) for the 12 weeks ended 30 December 2023 and announced the exit of CFO Matt Puckett.
Luxury footwear and accessories brand Manolo Blahnik has promoted head of marketing communications Jodie Blake to chief marketing officer.
Swedish premium womenswear brand Filippa K has named former H&M Group head of design Anna Teurnell as its new creative lead.
US sportswear brand Under Armour has appointed Kevin Ross as senior vice president, managing director of EMEA (Europe, the Middle East, and Africa).
Parent and baby retailer Mamas & Papas has recruited Sarah Ashby, who currently sits on the Asda Foundation board as a trustee, as chief financial officer.
Online clothing retailer Freemans has appointed Susie Calvert, former trading director at Debenhams, as chief merchandising officer.
H&M Group has named Daniel Ervér as new president and CEO, succeeding Helena Helmersson, who has decided to step down, as the group's operating profit for the year to 30 November 2023 has increased to SEK14.53bn (£1.1bn).
Women’s activewear brand Sweaty Betty has appointed sports sector stalwart Kerry Williams as its chief marketing officer.
Off-price fashion marketplace Secret Sales has appointed Anthony Farrow, former managing director at Accenture, as its new chief technology officer.
Matches chief commercial officer (CCO) Carl Tallents has exited the business to pursue other ventures following last month's acquisition by Frasers Group, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Luxury Italian conglomerate Salvatore Ferragamo Group has appointed Pierre La Tour as Group CFO.
Marks & Spencer has appointed Rachel Higham as chief digital and technology officer and Mark Lemming as managing director of international to drive the retailer's next phase of transformation.
N Brown Group has appointed Natalie Rogers, former Moonpig executive, as chief people officer, Drapers can reveal.
Next has appointed Venetia Butterfield, managing director at Penguin Random House, as independent non-executive director, with effect from 2 April.
A raft of senior directors have departed Boohoo Group amid a leadership shake-up, Drapers has learned.
Boohoo Group has appointed Stephen Morana, former Zoopla and Betfair executive, as CFO, replacing Shaun McCabe, who exited "with immediate effect".
Paula Nickolds, photographed by Greg Funnell in London, October 2016.

Paula Nickolds, photographed by Greg Funnell in London, October 2016.
The White Company has appointed Sainsbury’s clothing boss Paula Nickolds, as its CEO, succeeding Mary Homer.
British womenswear brand Vivere, which was founded by Savannah Miller and Damian Hopkins, has hired Laura Corrigan-Conway as its new managing director.
John Lewis Partnership former buying and brand chief, and ex-Jigsaw CEO, Peter Ruis is returning to the retailer as executive director on Monday 15 January.
The British Footwear Association (BFA) has announced that its chief executive, Lucy Reece-Raybould, has left the organisation.
N Brown Group has appointed Clare Empson as its new director of supply chain, replacing Phil Barnes who is retiring in spring 2024.
British athleisure brand Castore has appointed Stuart Puddy as its new investment director. He was previously head of mergers and acquisitions (M&A) at JD Sports.
Italian designer label Valentino has appointed Matteo Di Pasquale as its new chief HR officer, effective immediately.
Founder and CEO of womenswear etailer In The Style, Adam Frisby, has announced his departure after 10 years at the helm of the brand.
Carsten Keller, Zalando's direct-to-consumer vice-president and CEO and founder of the German etailer's Connected Retail division, has exited the company after eight years.
Alpargatas, the company behind Brazilian footwear brand Havaianas, has announced Liel Miranda as CEO, succeeding current interim CEO Luiz Fernando Edmond.
Bastien Daguzan, CEO and president of Jacquemus, has left the luxury label.
British luxury menswear brand Dunhill has appointed Gabriele Guarino as its new global director of wholesale, effective immediately.
European lingerie brand Hunkemöller has announced former Gant CEO Brian Grevy will become its new chief executive when Philip Mountford steps down early next year.
Footwear brand Crocs has appointed Neeraj Tolmare, global chief information officer for The Coca-Cola Company, to its board of directors, along with John Replogle, who has held leadership positions at brands such as Unilever.
PrimaLoft, which produces materials such as biodegradable synthetic down for brands including The North Face, Jack Wolfskin and Helly Hansen, has appointed Anne Cavassa as its new chief executive.
Kering has appointed Massimo Vian, former COO of Prada, to the newly created post of chief industrial and supply chain officer at Gucci.
UK lifestyle clothing brand Weird Fish has announced that David Butler, who served as chief executive at Crew Clothing for seven years, will take the helm as its new CEO.
Womenswear etailer Sosandar has made Nick Mustoe's role as non-executive chairman permanent, after he took on the role on an interim basis back in March.
French luxury brand Chloé has appointed Dunhill chief executive Laurent Malecaze as its new president and CEO, succeeding Riccardo Bellini.
Chip Bergh, who has served chief executive of Levi Strauss & Co for more than a decade, will retire in April 2024, the company has announced.
Nicky Dulieu is reportedly stepping down as a non-executive director of the John Lewis Partnership board and chair of the audit and risk committee after just seven months.
Womenswear brand Sosandar has appointed former Karen Millen and Coast head of brand Emily Frazer to the newly created role of creative director.
Ida Petersson has left her position as director of men’s and womenswear buying at luxury retailer Browns.
Womenswear brand Sosandar has appointed former Karen Millen and Coast head of brand Emily Frazer to the newly-created role of creative director.
Lanvin Group-owned Italian luxury footwear and accessories brand Sergio Rossi has appointed Helen Wright as its new CEO with immediate effect.
Former Bottega Veneta designer Matteo Tamburini will replace Walter Chiapponi, who left the Italian luxury group in September.
Matthew M. Williams will step down as creative director of French luxury label Givenchy on 1 January 2024.
Tommy Mallet has exited his eponymous footwear brand Mallet London, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Luxury womenswear label Stella McCartney has appointed Pronovias's Amandine Ohayon to the role of chief executive officer, effective 1 December.
Jigsaw has announced the departure of creative director Jo Sykes after more than four years in the role.
Asos interim chief people officer Caroline Ross has left her position after a year at the business, Drapers can reveal.
Photo by Stephan Feugere

Photo by Stephan Feugere
Antoine Arnault will relinquish the role of CEO at LVMH-owned brand Berluti in January, having been in post for more than 12 years.
Off-price fashion marketplace Secret Sales has appointed Matalan ecommerce director Chris Lacey as chief digital officer and promoted SVP of digital marketing Alex Adamson to the role of chief marketing officer.
Dr Martens has appointed non-executive director Ije Nwokorie to the newly created role of chief brand officer.
Farfetch has appointed its former Latin America VP Daniel Funis to the role of Yoox Net-a-Porter CEO, Drapers understands.
Barbour has promoted Paul Wilkinson to the new role of deputy group managing director and group commercial director, and also appointed Neil Parker as managing director of global distributors.
Matalan has appointed Jeremy Pee, former chief digital and technology officer at Marks & Spencer, as non-executive director.
VF Corp-owned outerwear brand Napapijri has appointed designer Christopher Raeburn to the newly-created position of global creative director.
Leeds-based fashion and homeware retailer Joe Browns has appointed former La Redoute CEO Michael Truluck as chairman with immediate effect.
Margaret Howell’s managing director Richard Craig will transition to a part-time role with the aim to retire fully in February 2024.
British footwear brand Dr Martens has appointed Giles Wilson to the role of chief financial officer (CFO).
Natasha Bailey will join Pace Partnership London (PPL) consultancy as chief marketing officer, having served as head of marketing and commercial at British heritage brand Barbour.
Montreal-based luxury etailer Ssense has announced the appointment of Haein Dorin as global head of partnerships.
Leicester-based streetwear brand Just Hype has promoted chief operating officer Mike Thompson to the role of CEO as part of a strategic leadership transition, six months after its buyout from pre-pack administration. His former role has been filled by Shireen Saloojee.
AllSaints founder Stuart Trevor has joined the board of Drapers Den-winning denim circularity start-up Fanfare Label, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Italian label Blumarine has announced Walter Chiapponi, formerly creative director at Tod's, as its new creative director.
Refined Brands announced the appointment of Tyrone Sarucan, formerly VP of finance and operations at Tommy Hilfiger owner PVH, as chief financial officer.
Shein has appointed former PrettyLittleThing buying director Gemma Dunne to the newly-created role of chief product officer and tasked her with building a UK product team in Manchester, Drapers can reveal.
Jigsaw has appointed former Oasis and Warehouse Group chief executive Hash Ladha as its new CEO, as Beth Butterwick exits the business.
John Marquis

John Marquis
John Marquis, director of Jersey department store De Gruchy, is retiring, while Fenwick store director Simon Youden is taking up the position.
The change comes four years after the founder’s return to the luxury accessories business Anya Hindmarch.
Paul Jones will join the John Lewis Partnership as head of brand and store experience from his previous role as head of brand for Tesco.
Matalan has appointed N Brown Group's Alyson Fadil as its new chief people officer, effective from February 2024, Drapers can reveal.
Marcelo Claure (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)

Marcelo Claure (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)
Marcelo Claure, Shein investor and former CEO of tech investment company Softbank, has been appointed as group vice-chairman of the Chinese etailer.
Asos brands director James Barron and menswear product director Stefan Pesticcio are said to be exiting the retailer in the coming weeks.
French luxury fashion house Chloé has named Chemena Kamali as its new creative director.
Dominic Platt will commence his role as chief financial officer of JD Sports Fashion this week.
Farfetch's senior director of open innovation and new venture, Carol Hilsum, is stepping down after more than six years at the luxury etailer.
Pentland Brands has announced three senior brand leadership appointments across product and marketing for the Speedo, Ellesse, Mitre, Kickers and Canterbury brands.
Timberland has appointed Alexander Wang chief brand marketing officer Maisie Willoughby as vice-president and chief marketing officer (CMO), effective from 16 October.
JW Anderson's head of ready-to-wear Seán McGirr has been named creative director of Alexander McQueen.
Dame Sharon White, chair of the John Lewis Partnership, will step down in February 2025 once her five-year term at the retailer comes to an end.
Next group chief financial officer Amanda James is to step down from the board next year after 28 years with the retailer and will be replaced by Reiss CFO Jonathan Blanchard.
Copyright: Ivan Boll

Copyright: Ivan Boll
German etailer Zalando has appointed Morten Grubak, executive creative director at Vice media, to the newly created role of vice president of creative direction.
The former chief operating officer of Sweaty Betty, Mark Smith, has joined beauty brand Trinny London in the joint role of chief revenue officer and chief financial officer.
Matches chief people officer Clare Bishop

Matches chief people officer Clare Bishop
Luxury retailer Matches, formerly known as Matchesfashion, has appointed former Asos people director Clare Bishop to the role of chief people officer.
British footwear brand Dr Martens is bringing in a new global category director and design lead in the coming months.
Sarah Burton, who has been creative director of luxury label Alexander McQueen for 13 years, will depart after the spring/summer 24 show in Paris this September.
German etailer Zalando has named Pascal Brun as its new vice president of sustainability, diversity and inclusion.
Italian luxury group Prada has appointed Valentino's former HR boss Rosa Santamaria Maurizio as chief people officer, effective this month.
H&M has signed a long-term partnership with New York-based fashion designer Heron Preston which will see Virgil Abloh's former collaborator partner with the retailer's design team on elevating its menswear assortment.
New York-based label Theory has appointed former Chloé CCO Marco Gentile as CEO for the UK and Europe.
Abercrombie & Fitch has recruited former Levi Strauss wholesale VP Scott Clarke-Bryan for the role of managing director of Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
Chief executive of Japanese fashion and lifestyle retailer Uniqlo's North America business, Daisuke Tsukagoshi, has been promoted to the role of global chief operating officer (COO), effective 1 September.
Quiz non-executive director Charlotte O'Sullivan will step down from the board on 30 November as she relocates overseas.
British luxury brand Mulberry has appointed Leslie Serrero as a non-executive director, effective from 7 September.
VF Corporation, which owns Vans, The North Face and Timberland, has appointed Brent Hyder as chief people officer, effective 5 September.
Kontoor Brands, the US-based owner of Wrangler and Lee, has hired Joe Alkire as chief financial officer, replacing Rustin Welton.
Len Peltier, global creative director at US retailer Gap, stepped down from the role in July, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Marks & Spencer chief digital and technology officer Jeremy Pee is leaving the company after five years to return to Canada with his family.
Vagabond Shoemakers head of design Maria Olander has been promoted to the role of creative director, replacing the Swedish footwear label's co-founder and VP Marie Nilsson Peterzén.
Manju Malhotra, chief executive of department store Harvey Nichols, has stepped down.
Will Kernan, former CEO at River Island and new chairman at homeware's Neptune

Will Kernan, former CEO at River Island and new chairman at homeware's Neptune
 Homeware retailer Neptune has hired Will Kernan as chairman, who stepped down from his role at River Island in November 2022 . Neptune is a home decor, furniture and accessories company based in Wiltshire. The retailer sells from 27 stores across the UK and five throughout Europe.
 Alessandro Corsi, outgoing CFO at Salvatore Ferragamo, has been named CEO of Florence-based fashion accessories components manufacturer MinervaHub. 
Premium womenswear brand Self-Portrait has appointed former Filippa K buying, merchandising and planning director Calvin Baillie to the role of product director.
Italian luxury retailer Luisaviaroma has hired a new CEO. Entrepreneur Tommaso Maria Andorlini will head up the business as it plans for international expansion.
Gucci, Balenciaga and Saint Laurent-owner Kering has promoted director of corporate finance, treasury and insurance, Armelle Poulou, to the role of chief financial officer (CFO), effective 1 September 2023.
Andreas Nicolaides will join the John Lewis partnership in October as head of customer planning and channels.
Otrium has appointed Zuhairah Washington as its new global CEO, while co-founder Max Klijnstra will serve as chief sustainability and growth officer.
US retailer Gap Inc has appointed chief operating officer of toy giant Mattel, Richard Dickson, as president and CEO, effective from 22 August.
Hotter Shoes CEO Ian Watson

Hotter Shoes CEO Ian Watson
Hotter Shoes CEO Ian Watson and CFO Gavin Manson have left the business following its pre-pack administration, Drapers understands.
High street retailer Superdry has promoted Shaun Packe, global sourcing and sustainability director, to the role of chief operating officer, Drapers can reveal.
Tom Ford Fashion's new owners have poached Lelio Gavazza, an executive from LVMH, to lead the brand as chief executive.
Gucci will part ways with its chief executive Marco Bizzarri in September, the brand's owner Kering said in a statement on Tuesday.
Ted Baker owner Authentic Brands Group (ABG) has appointed Kevin Wills to the role of chief financial officer (CFO).
The agreement between the beauty retailer and Boohoo Group will see Bob Holt resign from his role as CEO, alongside chairman Derek Zissman.
MILAN, ITALY - FEBRUARY 24: Fashion designer Walter Chiapponi walks the runway during the Tod's Ready to Wear Fall/Winter 2023-2024 fashion show as part of the Milan Fashion Week on February 24, 2023 in Milan, Italy. (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)

MILAN, ITALY - FEBRUARY 24: Fashion designer Walter Chiapponi walks the runway during the Tod's Ready to Wear Fall/Winter 2023-2024 fashion show as part of the Milan Fashion Week on February 24, 2023 in Milan, Italy. (Photo by Victor VIRGILE/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)
Walter Chiapponi will present his last Tod’s collection at Milan Fashion Week in September.
Italian fashion label Fiorucci will now be led by Alessandro Pisani as CEO, and creative director Francesca Murri as its transitions back to Milan, Italy.
PrettyLittleThing has appointed Tom Binns as chief operating officer and Nicki Capstick as chief marketing officer, to share the responsibilities of CEO following Umar Kamani's departure, Drapers can reveal.
Following its AGM, which was held yesterday (10th July), N Brown Group has confirmed several board changes.
Ann Summers has promoted Maria Hollins to chief executive, while Vanessa Gold has become company chair.
French luxury fashion house Chloé has announced that Gabriela Hearst will step down as creative director after three years.
Clarks has appointed Bob Neville, global vice-president of retail at Under Armour, as managing director of UK and Ireland, effective from next month.
Cornish-based women's lifestyle brand Seasalt has bolstered its senior team with the addition of Mel Wilcox in the newly created role of chief information officer and Duncan Tennent as director of strategic partnerships.
Salvatore Ferragamo chief financial officer Alessandro Corsi will exit the Italian luxury footwear and accessories label on 30 September 2023.
Former Ted Baker CEO Rachel Osborne has been named an independent non-executive director at online grocery firm Ocado, effective 1 September.
Asos has appointed Anna Maria Rugarli as non-executive director and chair of the ESG committee.
Helen Hickman will replace current CFO of Global Fashion Group, Matthew Price, on 14 August as part of transformation of its executive team.
Gymshark's chief commercial officer Niran Chana has left the company after eight years with the business.
Frasers Group has formally appointed founder and majority shareholder Mike Ashley as a consultant as the retail giant continues its acquisition spree.
French luxury fashion house Lanvin has named award-winning American recording artist Future as the first creative director of its Lanvin Lab concept.
Social media influencer Molly-Mae Hague has stepped down from her role as UK and EU creative director at womenswear ecommerce brand PrettyLittleThing after less than two years.
Matalan has appointed Phil Hackney as chief supply chain operation officer and Katherine Davis as chief retail officer as the business continues its transformation strategy, Drapers can reveal.
Pentland Brands, which owns labels including Speedo, Ellesse, and Berghaus, has appointed Graham Burridge as its new chief finance officer.
Food and hospitality industry veteran Helen Jones has been appointed to the THG board as independent non-executive director.
Luxury footwear brand Manolo Blahnik has appointed Elodie Bougenault, formerly EMEA managing director at lingerie brand La Perla as chief commercial officer from this month.
John Lewis’s property and development director, Chris Harris, has stepped away from his role after five years with the retailer.
Frasers Group fashion CEO Greg Pateras left the business this week after integrating Missguided and I Saw It First into the company's platform.
Menswear designer Daniel Fletcher has confirmed that he will step away from his role as menswear artistic director of Italian fashion label Fiorucci by the end of the month.
Off-price fashion marketplace Secret Sales has appointed former Ted Baker chief information officer Leon Shepherd as chief technology officer, Drapers can reveal.
Sweaty Betty has named Melissa Mullen as its new president following the departure of CEO Julia Strauss and COO Mark Smith in March.
Philip Mountford will step down after 15 years as Hunkemöller CEO at the end of the company's current financial year in January 2024.
Daniel Le Vesconte, CEO of Mothercare, has stepped down from the business with immediate effect, after just six months.
Global Fashion Group (GFG), owner of international ecommerce platforms including Zalora and Dafiti, has appointed Jere Calmes as the new CEO of Australian online fashion and sports retailer The Iconic.
Dominic Appleton has been appointed chief financial officer at N Brown Group, as Rachel Izzard steps down.
Anthony Benham, head of commercial change and operations at Asos has left the business after 16 years.
(From the left) Gaetano Sciuto and Stefano Rosso

(From the left) Gaetano Sciuto and Stefano Rosso
Paris fashion house Maison Margiela has appointed Gaetano Sciuto as the brand's new CEO and Stefano Rosso as its new chairman.
Premium Italian denim and clothing brand Diesel has appointed Matteo Lena to the role of North America CEO, effective today (5 June).
High street retailer Matalan has appointed interim buying and merchandising director Ben Smith to the newly created role of chief trading officer as it embarks on a transformation programme.
Nike has named Jared Carver as president and CEO of Converse, effective 1 June.
Nina Hajikhanian has been announced as the new general manager for Patagonia in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA).
New Guards Group co-founders Davide De Giglio and Andrea Grilli will step down from business in a series of management reshuffles, four years after Farfetch acquired the production and distribution firm.
Crew Clothing CEO David Butler has reportedly departed the company after six years, along with trading director Cathy Carrington Birch and head of technical Kerry Beckwith.
British luxury fashion house Burberry has appointed Chanel's head of global diversity and inclusion Alexandra McCauley to the role of chief people officer, effective 15 November 2023.
Paul Wilkinson, global marketing, commercial and managing director for the US at Barbour, has added managing director for the UK and Ireland to his responsibilities, Drapers can reveal.
French fashion giant LVMH has promoted Gonzague de Pirey to chief omnichannel and data officer, a new role taking charge of the group’s data, artificial intelligence (AI) and remote customer service capabilities.
British menswear retailer Percival has appointed former Converse senior marketing executive, Cheryl Calegari, as non-executive director.
Head of Klarna in the UK Alex Marsh has exited the 'buy now, pay later" lending service after more than four years.
Resale marketplace Ebay has appointed its frequent collaborator, celebrity stylist Amy Bannerman, to the role of pre-loved style director.
Italian luxury brand Fabiana Filippi has appointed Lucia De Vito as its first creative director to produce its ready-to-wear and women’s accessories collections.
Luxury fashion retailer Yoox Net-A-Porter (YNAP) has named Celine Lefebvre as its general manager for the Middle East, effective 23 May.
Bally creative director Rhuigi Villaseñor has exited the Swiss luxury fashion brand after less than two years in the role.
Former Jigsaw CEO Chris Stephenson has taken the role of interim CEO at British footwear brand Hunter from Paolo Porta who was announced as the new boss of Smythson today (15 May).
British luxury leather goods company Smythson has appointed former Hunter boss Paolo Porta as CEO.
Lanvin Group-owned Italian luxury footwear and accessories brand Sergio Rossi has named Paul Kotrba as interim CEO.
Tim Brown, co-founder of Allbirds, has changed his role from co-CEO to chief innovation officer.
Peter Do photographed by Mario Sorrenti, via Instagram: @helmutlang

Peter Do photographed by Mario Sorrenti, via Instagram: @helmutlang
Fast Retailing-owned luxury label Helmut Lang has appointed men's and women's wear designer Peter Do as its first creative director in nine years.
New Zealand-based outdoorwear label Kathmandu has appointed Crocs Asia Pacific senior vice-president and general manager Megan Welch to the role of CEO.
US luxury department store chain Nordstrom has appointed Cathy Smith as chief financial officer.
Italian fashion business Slowear has appointed former executive vice-president at Gucci Piero Braga as CEO.
 SMCP-owned French menswear brand Fursac has appointed A-Cold-Wall's Jérémie Le Febvre to the role of CEO, effective 15th May 2023.
JD Sports Fashion is set to appoint Dominic Platt as its new chief financial officer later this week, replacing Neil Greenhalgh.
Collette Baxter, former head of retail at Frasers-owned Tessuti, has resurfaced at JD Sports as head of visual merchandising for the UK and Europe.
VF Corporation's Andreas Olsson (left) and Werner Bossenmaier (right)

VF Corporation's Andreas Olsson (left) and Werner Bossenmaier (right)
Werner Bossenmaier, EMEA Marketplace vice-president of footwear label Timberland, has replaced Andreas Olsson as EMEA general manager of Dickies, owner VF Corporation announced on Wednesday (10 May).
PrettyLittleThing merchandising director Jonathan Haycock has left online retail giant Boohoo Group after six years, Drapers has learned.
Former Superdry chief operating officer Silvana Bonello has been appointed CEO at German women's sportswear brand Oceansapart.
US footwear and clothing retailer Foot Locker has named former Nike executive Blanca Gonzalez as senior vice president and general manager of its WSS retail arm.
Stone Island has appointed Robert Triefus, who most recently served as Gucci's metaverse CEO, as its new chief executive.
Former buying director at Topshop, Jo Gunner, has been appointed head of fashion buying at high street retailer Oliver Bonas.
Merchandising director for Wallis and Burton at Boohoo Group, Melanie Knowles, has left the business to take the role of planning director at fashion and homeware business Anthropologie.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed former CEO of womenswear retailer Hobbs, Nicky Dulieu, as non-executive director, effective immediately .
German menswear brand Olymp Bezner has appointed Hendrik Reuter as its new head of ecommerce, succeeding Christian Wurster, who was responsible for the division for almost seven years.
Matalan head of merchandising for ladieswear Joanne Batty has departed the high street value retailer.
Guess has appointed Markus Neubrand as chief financial officer (CFO) succeeding interim finance head Dennis Secor.
Skechers has appointed Richard Parker, who has been at the business for 22 years, to managing director of UK and Ireland.
Silvana Bonello, chief operating officer of Superdry, has stepped down from her post as the high street retailer attempts to garner additional finance from investors, Drapers can reveal.
Luxury retailer End has appointed Lea Cranfield as chief buying and merchandising officer.
Estée Lauder-owned Tom Ford has appointed Peter Hawkings creative director, replacing the eponymous founder of the brand in the post, who will now step back from the fashion house.
Farfetch-owned fashion retailer Browns has promoted Heather Gramston to senior head of men's and womenswear buying, reporting to buying director Ida Peterson.
Fast fashion etailer Boohoo Group has added John Goold to its board as an independent non-executive director with effect from today.
A further four New Look department head roles have been made redundant after the retailer placed 70 jobs at risk on 20 March, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Rachel Osborne, the CEO of Ted Baker, is to exit the company with more senior management expected to follow.
High street retailer JD Sports Fashion has appointed Angela Luger and Darren Shapland as non-executive directors.
Tommy Hilfiger president and chief brand officer Avery Baker will step down from the business this summer to “pursue other opportunities”.
JD Sports Fashion has appointed Michael Armstrong in the newly-created role of global managing director.
High street value fashion chain Matalan has appointed Ali Jones as chief customer and omnichannel officer.
Tessuti and Scotts head of retail Collette Baxter and head of multichannel Jenn Bryson have departed the Frasers-owned fashion chains.
Gucci's metaverse and Vault CEO Robert Triefus is stepping down after six months in the role and 15 years at the luxury house.
PrettyLittleThing founder Umar Kamani has stepped down from the company he launched with his brother Adam 12 years ago to pursue “new challenges and goals”.
British luxury menswear brand Dunhill has appointed Simon Holloway as its new creative director, effective immediately.
VF Corporation, owner of brands including The North Face, Timberland, Napapijri, Vans, Dickies and Altra, has announced a series of senior management changes.
The director-general of the CBI (Confederation of British Industry) Tony Danker has been “dismissed with immediate effect” following an independent investigation into work conduct involving a female employee.
Drapers Footwear Awards-winning brand Crocs has signed a two-year creative partnership with Versace and Yeezy footwear designer Salehe Bembury.
Pentland Brands, the owner of Berghaus and Speedo, has appointed Abhy Thomas-Joseph as global chief operating officer (COO).
Etailer Asos has appointed Natasja Laheij and Jose Manuel Martinéz Gutiérrez as independent non-executive directors to its board.
Meg Lustman

Meg Lustman
Former Hobbs CEO Meg Lustman has joined N Brown Group as an independent non-executive director with immediate effect.
Luxury fashion brand Burberry has appointed Kering senior executive Klaus Bierbrauer as chief supply chain and industrial officer, with immediate effect.
Joe Ulloa, managing director of the UK, Ireland and MEA (the Middle East and Africa) at Clarks has stepped down from his role.
Fashion etailer Boohoo Group has appointed former New Look chairman Alistair McGeorge as non-executive director, effective from 31 March.
Luxury Italian fashion house Roberto Cavalli has appointed Sergio Azzolari as CEO.
Ed Alford, chief technology officer (CTO) at New Look, is to depart the retailer after two years in the role.
Phil Cooke, chief product officer at River Island, has decided to step down from the business after five years, Drapers has learned.
In The Style's founder Adam Frisby has stepped down from the board following completion of the sale to a private equity firm.
High street retailer Matalan has appointed former boss of Co-op food Jo Whitfield as CEO, and Karl-Heinz Holland as chairman, who is the current head of German value fashion retailer Takko.
Footwear brand Dr. Martens has appointed Andrew Harrison as non-executive director, with effect from 1 May 2023.
PLBY Group, the owner of the Playboy lifestyle and fashion brand and its publications, has appointed Marc Crossman as both chief operating officer and chief financial officer.
Pictured is Eve Williams – Chief Marketing Officer eBay UK.Photo by Fabio De Paola

Pictured is Eve Williams – Chief Marketing Officer eBay UK.Photo by Fabio De Paola
Resale marketplace Ebay has promoted UK chief marketing officer Eve Williams to the role of vice president and general manager of Ebay UK.
SMCP Group's luxury fashion brand Maje has appointed Elina Kousourna, head of fellow SMCP brand Fursac, as CEO effective from 17 April 2023.
Canadian winter clothing brand Moose Knuckles has appointed Carlos Nazario as global artistic director overseeing design, image and content for the business.
Credit: H&M; Rony Alwin

Credit: H&M; Rony Alwin
Designer Jeremy Scott is to step down from his role as creative director at fashion house Moschino, after nearly a decade at the company.
Lingerie retailer Boux Avenue has appointed former Ted Baker chief customer officer Jason Beckley as chief marketing officer.
Sweaty Betty's chief executive Julia Straus and chief operating officer Mark Smith will leave the business after the sportswear brand's takeover by a new owner, Drapers can reveal.
Senior vice-president at Burberry, Adrian Ward-Rees, has been named as the new CEO of US-based luxury fashion brand Amiri.
Luxury retail group LVMH is set to appoint Wendel investment house chairman Laurent Mignon to its board.
Womenswear etailer Sosandar has appointed non-executive director Nick Mustoe as interim non-executive chairman with immediate effect.
The British luxury fashion group has announced the appointment of Kate Ferry as chief financial officer and executive director.
High street retailer John Lewis has appointed Nish Kankiwala as its first CEO, weeks after the sudden departure of its executive director Pippa Wicks.
British childrenswear brand Trotters has appointed former Harrods and Selfridges executive Bruce Langlands to the role of CEO.
Sportswear giant Puma has appointed Lionel Telega as the new general manager of the brand's business unit Sportstyle with immediate effect.
Luxury retailer Matchesfashion has named Christopher Hart, Asos’s former tech boss, its new director of technology and customer experience.
JD Sports Fashion has appointed former Asos chairman Ian Dyson to the role of non-executive director.
Online retailer Asos has hired former Made.com chief customer officer, Dan Elton, as senior customer director.
Nike women's vice-president and general manager Whitney Malkiel is to step down from the sportswear giant.
Sustainable fashion brand Omnes has hired Fiona Heygate, former womenswear head of buying at Ted Baker, as its new buying director.
Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images

Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images
The CEO of industry body the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) Tony Danker has stepped down from his role due to “new” allegations regarding his “conduct”.
Ted Baker global head of creative, Anthony Cuthbertson, has stepped down from the high street fashion retailer in addition to other senior staff, Drapers can reveal.
Ted Baker's chief customer officer Jason Beckley has stepped down from the high street retailer, following its sale to new owners Authentic Brands Group.
Foot Locker has appointed Robert Higginbotham as interim chief financial officer, replacing Andrew Page who will step down from the business at the end of the month.
Marks & Spencer has appointed Cheryl Potter, former head of the global consumer team at private equity firm Permira, to its board as non-executive director.
Despite reporting record sales for the year, revenues at luxury ecommerce platform Farfetch slowed in the final quarter of 2022 as the business warned of “reduced demand” for its “offerings and services” as well as continued challenges in China and Russia.
David Laid via Instagram

David Laid via Instagram
Gymshark has appointed fitness influencer and bodybuilder David Laid to the role of creative director for its lifting category.
Harvey Nichols has appointed Annabel Thorburn, senior vice-president of ecommerce at Sweaty Betty as its new ecommerce director, Drapers can reveal.
LVMH-owned luxury label Louis Vuitton has appointed rapper and music producer Pharrell Williams as its new creative director for menswear, the role formerly held by the late fashion designer Virgil Abloh.
Simon Platts, responsible sourcing director at Asos, is to step down from his role, Drapers can reveal.
US department store chain Kohl's has appointed former Joules CEO Nick Jones as chief merchandising and digital officer.
Asos has appointed the former CFO of Matchesfashion, Sean Glithero, as its interim chief financial officer, as the etailer moves forward with its Driving Change agenda.
Richemont, which owns several luxury brands including Chloé, has appointed former Mercedes-Benz and Audi senior executive Bram Schot as non-executive director.
Drapers Awards-winning women's lifestyle retailer Hush has appointed former Coach creative strategy VP Melissa Dick to the role of chief creative officer.
Online retailer the Very Group has appointed chief financial officer Ben Fletcher to the expanded role of chief finance and transformation officer.
Luxury retailer Matchesfashion has appointed former Asos global brand creative director, John Mooney, as executive creative director.
Sports and leisurewear brand Lacoste has appointed Adidas senior executive Pelagia Kolotouros as creative design director.
Global Fashion Group (GFG) has announced a "leadership transition" today (2 February 2023) as part of the group’s "next phase of development".
Chief financial officer at the Chinese luxury firm Lanvin Group is to step down from the company.
After taking the post in July 2022, Diesel CEO Eraldo Poletto is leaving the role for personal reasons.
US sportswear brand Under Armour has appointed Carolyn Everson and Patrick Whitesell to its board of directors, effective from today (1 February).
John Lewis customer director Claire Pointon is to step down as the retailer combines the John Lewis and pan-partnership customer teams.
Mark & Spencer has appointed Amazon Fashion general manager Nishi Mahajan to the role of director of third-party brands.
Matalan interim chairman Tim Issacs has departed the value retailer in what is understood to be a wider board shake-up under its new owners.
Luxury fashion house Gucci has appointed Valentino senior executive Sabato De Sarno as its new creative director.
Asos app

Asos app
Asos has hired a senior restructuring executive to join its finance department as it seeks to turn around the business.
Global luxury fashion business Michael Kors has appointed former Versace boss Cedric Wilmotte as CEO.
THG, the owner of luxury etailer Coggles and formerly known as The Hut Group, has appointed Damian Sanders as CFO.
Nathan Williams

Nathan Williams
Childrenswear business Mamas & Papas has promoted Nathan Williams from chief operating officer to CEO.
Levi Strauss & Co has appointed Nordstrom senior executive Jason Gowans as senior vice-president and chief digital officer.
Farfetch has reshuffled its leadership team, with Elizabeth von der Goltz taking the helm as chief fashion and merchandising officer, and CEO of Browns, in a raft of changes at the etailer.
Ted Baker owner Authentic Brands Group (ABG) has appointed Jessica Holscott as CFO replacing Kevin Clarke who moves to the role of executive vice-chairman.
Gymshark has appointed former Lacoste executive vice president of operations, Laurent Madelaine, as its first chief supply chain officer.
Burberry has appointed Giorgio Belloli and Delphine Sonder to the newly-created roles of chief digital, customer and innovation officer and chief merchandising officer.
Luxury fashion business LVMH has appointed Pietro Beccari, the head of Christian Dior Couture, to the role of chairman and chief executive of Louis Vuitton, amid a wider management shake-up at the group.
Marks & Spencer’s co-CEO Katie Bickerstaffe has reset her digital team to deliver on the retailer’s omnichannel goals and boost customer loyalty.
Former River Island marketing director Jill Gate has joined George at Asda as senior director of brand marketing for the supermarket clothing label.
Elizabeth Spaulding, chief executive of online personal styling service Stitch Fix, has stepped down from the company as it announces a further 20% cut in its workforce.
Louise Trotter, the creative director at sports and casualwear brand Lacoste, has stepped down from her post after four years in the role.
The chief financial officer at outdoor clothing and fashion brand Lands’ End Jim Gooch is to step down from the business and replaced in the interim by Bernard McCracken, the company’s chief accounting officer.
Designer Jeff Banks was made a director at Vivienne Westwood days before the death of eponymous founder, Dame Vivienne Westwood.
Pentland Brands Asia Pacific president Matt Rock has replaced Jim Gerson as president of the business's Americas region ahead of Gerson's retirement.
Fashion etailer Asos has appointed former former Calvin Klein marketing chief, Marie Gulin-Merle, as its non-executive director effective 1 February 2023.
Sports retailer Under Armour has appointed Stephanie Linnartz as president and CEO, replacing Colin Browne who will return to the position of COO.
River Island has announced that Richard Bradbury will rejoin the business as executive chair with full responsibilities for leadership of the business.
Luxury fashion house Valentino has appointed Daniel Paltridge former president of the Americas for Bulgari as CEO of its US operations.
Former In The Style CEO Sam Perkins has been appointed chief executive of furniture business Loaf.
Group marketing director at JD Sports Fashion, Nadia Kokni, is to join Hugo Boss as vice-president of global marketing.
Fashion etailer Asos has appointed former Amazon exec Wei Gao to the role of non-executive director and member of the audit committee, effective 1 February 2023.
Calvin Klein has appointed Inditex's Eva Serrano as global brand president.
Marks & Spencer has appointed former Topshop Topman managing director Mitch Hughes as director of menswear.
Prada has appointed Gianfranco D'Attis as CEO of the Prada brand.
Zalando's chief business and product officer Jim Freeman is leaving the business in March next year.
Puma has appointed Maria Valdes into the newly-created role of chief product officer, promoting her from her post as general manager of the sportswear company’s largest business unit Sportstyle.
Luxury French fashion house Christian Dior has named Antoine Arnault as its new CEO.
Gymshark has hired Laura Hagan as its new chief people officer (CPO).
Danish fashion brand Ganni has appointed Priya Matadeen as its first chief brand officer, effective from 4 January.
In The Style’s CEO has announced that he will step down from the business less than a year into the role as the etailer launches a strategic review, which could lead to a potential sale.
Brand Machine Group (BMG) has appointed Daljit Bhasin as chief technology and operating officer.
Andrea Guerra will join Prada Group as CEO as of January 2023, as part of the luxury business's succession plan.
Steve Rendle has stepped down as president, chairman and chief executive officer of VF Corporation, which owns brands such as Vans, North Face, Timberland, Dickies and Supreme.
Fiona Lambert Managing Director of Jaeger at Marks and Spencer

Fiona Lambert Managing Director of Jaeger at Marks and Spencer
Fiona Lambert, managing director of Jaeger at Marks & Spencer, is leaving the business, Drapers can exclusively reveal.
Nigel Oddy the interim boss of Matalan will take sole charge of the commercial team at the high street retailer after making the commercial officer role held by James Brown redundant.
Asos's interim chief financial officer Katy Mecklenburgh will step down in May 2023, the etailer announced this morning (2 December).
Women's lifestyle retailer Hush has appointed British Retail Consortium (BRC) non-executive director Sarah Miles as CEO.
Alastair Miller

Alastair Miller
Unbound Group, owner of Hotter Shoes, has appointed former New Look CFO Alastair Miller as non-executive director with immediate effect.
US sportswear and footwear retailer Foot Locker has announced a slew of changes to its executive team.
N Brown's group chief financial officer Rachel Izzard will be stepping down from her post at the digital clothing and footwear retailer.
Poundland owner Pepco Group is to appoint its former chief executive Andy Bond as chairman.
Womenswear etailer In The Style has appointed former Boohoo Group’s head of design Jocelyn Seeley as its new design manager.
The now former creative director of Gucci, Alessandro Michele, has confirmed he is leaving the Italian luxury label after seven years at its helm.
Mothercare has appointed its first CEO since 2020, with Daniel Le Vesconte due to start in January, as the group's profits and revenues fall in the first six months of its 2023 financial year.
Former JD Sports chief executive Peter Cowgill has been appointed as The Fragrance Shop’s first non-executive chair.
River Island’s marketing director Jill Gate has decided to exit the business, Drapers can reveal.
River Island CEO Will Kernan has decided to step down from his role to pursue a number of "personal and commercial projects".
Marks and Spencer Group has appointed Jeremy Townsend as its new interim chief financial officer.
US denim and fashion company Levi Strauss & Co has named the successor to president and CEO Chip Bergh, who will step down in May 2024 after 13 years in the role.
Julie Driscoll, divisional managing director of retail, fashion and manufacturing at Hyve Group, which owns trade shows including Pure and Scoop, has been appointed as CEO at Olympia London.
Selfridges managing director Anne Pitcher is joining the board of Canadian department store chain Holt Renfrew as deputy chair, Drapers can reveal.
Puma has promoted chief commercial officer Arne Freundt to replace CEO Bjørn Gulden, who is set to leave the company later this year after nine years.
N Brown Group has hired Joules's head of design Helen Low as the group’s new director of design, Drapers can reveal.
Anna Gardner, chief commercial officer at luxury skiwear brand Perfect Moment, has left the business after less than seven months in the role, Drapers understands.
Paula Nickolds, Sainsbury’s general merchandise and clothing commercial director and former managing director of John Lewis, has reportedly been appointed as non-executive chairwoman of beauty technology firm CurrentBody.
Paul Brennan, managing director at luxury fashion retailer Browns, has stepped down after five years at the business.
The John Lewis Partnership has today appointed Zak Mian as its first chief transformation and technology officer.
Esprit has appointed Ana Andjelic as its new chief brand officer (CBO) to “redefine the brand’s new identity” and lead the creative direction and design hub globally from New York.
Sebastian Manes, buying and merchandising director for women’s, kids, accessories, beauty, food and restaurants at Selfridges, is to step down from his role.
Tesco has promoted the CEO of its F&F clothing arm, Jan Marchant, to managing director of home and clothing.
N Brown Group’s chief brand officer Kenyatte Nelson has left the etailer as part of a wider streamlining of the business, Drapers can reveal.
Mitch Hughes, managing director of Boohoo Group’s Dorothy Perkins, Burton and Wallis, has left the business as several of the etailer’s brands consolidate, Drapers can reveal.
Managing director of Net-a-Porter Vikki Kavanagh has been named managing director of British menswear retailer Mr Porter.
Boohoo Group's chief information officer Jo Graham has left the business after three years.
JD Sports Fashion has announced that its chief financial officer Neil Greenhalgh will step down from the business next year.
Yoox Net-a-Porter has named Philippe Larrieu as its regional general manager for Japan, effective immediately.
The online fashion retail group has named Alison Loehnis as its interim chief executive, effective from 31 October.
Gucci has named Robert Triefus as CEO for the luxury house's metaverse and Vault ventures.
Burberry has appointed former Bottega Veneta creative director Daniel Lee as its new chief creative officer, replacing Riccardo Tisci. Lee will start next week.
Footwear and accessories brand The Dune Group has appointed Nigel Darwin as its new CEO, replacing Daniel Rubin.
Boohoo Group’s new chief financial officer Shaun McCabe will start on 3 October, the etailer has confirmed.
Lululemon has appointed Sarah Clark as senior vice-president for the EMEA region.
Sportswear brand Gymshark has appointed Mat Dunn, currently CFO and COO of Asos, as its new chief financial officer from the new year.
Matalan has appointed former New Look CEO Nigel Oddy as its new interim CEO, and at the same time the value retailer has launched a “strategic” sales process.
Luxury fashion retailer Matchesfashion has appointed Carl Tallents as its new chief commercial officer (CCO), effective from October.
Burberry chief operating and financial officer, Julie Brown, is to step down from the luxury fashion business at the close of the company's current financial year, 1 April 2023. 
The British Fashion Council (BFC) has named David Pemsel as its new chair.
Mike Ashley will step down from the board of Frasers Group on 19 October.
John Lewis has hired former vice president of brand at George at Asda, Zoe Matthews, to take up its newly-created role of lifestyle director.
Premium Italian accessories brand Furla has appointed Giorgio Presca as the new CEO, effective immediately.
Stephanie Phair is reportedly stepping down as chairman of the British Fashion Council (BFC) after nearly four years.
Asos non-executive director Karen Geary is to step down from her role at the business.
Sportswear brand Reebok has appointed Todd Krinsky as its new CEO, succeeding Matt O’Toole.
Ted Baker has hired James Waller as its new head of sales for menswear.
Tom Mora and Jennifer Lyu have partnered as the principal designers for all Kate Spade New York product categories.
Unbound Group chief financial officer Dan Lampard is to step down after 13 months in the role.
Asos has appointed Tim Phipps as its new sportswear and outdoor director, Drapers can reveal.
Trish Donnelly, chief executive of PVH Americas and Calvin Klein Global, is leaving the company to pursue other opportunities.
New Look has promoted buying manager Trisha Baker to head of buying.
Footwear veteran Jane Wilson will succeed Robert Perkins as the chair of The British Footwear Association (BFA)’s board of directors.
 Luxury UK-based retailer End has appointed Nick Bailey as its new chief operating officer.
Online marketplace Secret Sales has promoted its digital director Fiona Lay to chief trading officer.
Mulberry Group has announced that non-executive chairman Godfrey Davis, will step down from the board on 30 September.
London department store Liberty has appointed beauty consultant Rhea Cartwright as its new head of beauty buying.
Adidas has announced that Kasper Rorsted will step down as chief executive in 2023 and a search for his replacement is underway.
Foot Locker has appointed Mary Dillon as its new chief executive.
Polish fast fashion retailer Reserved has appointed Dan Hildyard as its new head of property, as it looks to expand its UK store portfolio.
Womenswear etailer Sosandar has appointed Lesley Watt as non-executive director, effective from 1 September 2022.
Former N Brown Group buying director Shailina Parti has joined Westside as chief operating officer.
Mat Dunn, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of Asos, is to step down as part of a restructuring of its executive team.
Eileen Fisher is stepping down as CEO of her eponymous fashion brand.
Lifestyle retailer Joules has announced that Jonathon Brown, former John Lewis omnichannel director, will become the new CEO from September.
Copenhagen International Fashion Fair (CIFF) has appointed Sofie Dolva as its new director.
Primark has appointed former Tesco brand director Michelle McEttrick to the newly created role of chief customer officer.
Next boss Simon Wolfson has stepped down as non-executive director at Deliveroo just 18 months after taking up the role.
American luxury department store chain Neiman Marcus has appointed former Harrods Direct director Ryan Ross as president.
Former Tesco CFO Alan Stewart will join Burberry's board as a non-executive director from 1 September 2022.
Pentland Brands, the owner of Speedo, Berghaus, Ellesse, has appointed Paisley Wright as its new director of creative.
JD Sports Fashion has today announced that former B&Q executive Régis Schultz will take on the role of chief executive in September 2022.
Asos has appointed Elena Martínez Ortiz as the new womenswear director of its own-brand offering, Asos Design, Drapers can reveal.
Ted Baker has confirmed the departure of Andrew Jennings as a non-executive director.
Cornish clothing and footwear brand Celtic & Co has appointed Martin Hayball to the newly-created role of group head of finance.
United Colors of Benetton has appointed designer Andrea Incontri as its new creative director for menswear, womenswear and kidswear.
Matalan has announced that executive chair Steve Johnson is stepping down from the board, and that John Hargreaves will return to Matalan in the capacity of founder and chair, with immediate effect.
The Very Group, which comprises Very.co.uk and Littlewoods.com, has appointed Jessica Myers as its new chief marketing officer, effective 3 October.
Eoin Tonge, Marks & Spencer's chief financial officer, will be leaving the retailer to take up a new role as finance director at Primark owner Associated British Foods (ABF).
Depop's CEO, Maria Raga, is stepping down to pursue personal ventures.
Chinese luxury brand Shang Xia has named Sophia Wu as its new CEO.
Fusion directors Dan Shaw and Ben Perman

Fusion directors Dan Shaw and Ben Perman
Inc Retail Group managing director Dan Shaw and creative director Ben Perman are leaving to focus on their retail operations and strategy consultancy business, Fusion.
Premium fashion search platform Lyst has promoted Emma McFerran to chief executive, ahead of an expected stock market listing.
Seasalt’s chief sales officer, Will Charnley, is leaving the clothing and lifestyle retailer "to seek new challenges and opportunities", Drapers can reveal.
Boohoo Group has appointed Shaun McCabe as its new chief financial officer.
Former O2 CEO Ronan Dunne will join Marks & Spencer's board as a non-executive director from 1 August 2022.
Asos has appointed José Antonio Ramos Calamonte as its new CEO and reported a 4% year on year rise in revenue for the three months to 31 May. However it has lowered its profit guidance for the financial year.
Diesel has named Eraldo Poletto as its new global CEO.
Frasers Group’s new CEO Michael Murray has shaken up the retailer’s leadership team, which he hopes will “accelerate the group’s strategy”.
Peter Cowgill, executive chairman of JD Sports Fashion, will step down from his role at the business with immediate effect.
Marks & Spencer's 2021/22 full-year trading update aligned with CEO Steve Rowe's last day at the retail chain (25 May). Here's what he had to say on his final day in the top job.
Harrods has appointed Tim Parker as its new chief financial officer.
Marco De Vincenzo has been announced as the new creative director of womenswear, menswear and home collections at luxury fashion house Etro.
Luxury womenswear label Jacquemus has appointed Bastien Daguzan as its new CEO.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed Lisa Cherry as executive director for people.
AllSaints CEO Peter Wood has joined the board of the British Retail Consortium as a non-executive director.
James Munson has been promoted to international director of Marks & Spencer, with a focus on driving growth in the key market of India through owned, joint ventures and franchise partnerships.
Atterley, the marketplace for independent fashion retailers, has promoted Kelly Byrne to co-CEO alongside longstanding incumbent Kenny Baillie.
Paul Richardson has been appointed chairman of fashion resale platform Haru, as it seeks to expand.
Kirsty McGregor will step down as editor of Drapers on 18 May, after eight years at the publication.
Kontoor Brands, the US-based owner of Wrangler and Lee, has appointed Mame Annan-Brown as global head of environmental, social and governance (ESG), effective immediately.
Gant managing director for northern Europe Fergus Patterson has stepped down from his role after nearly 10 years, as the brand reorganises its operating regions.
Marks & Spencer announced today that Jill Stanton, current director of womenswear, kidswear and beauty, will retire in July. Maddy Evans will succeed Stanton, and will step into the role of director of womenswear in July.
Matchesfashion has appointed Farfetch senior vice-president of finance Dave Murray as chief financial officer.
The CEO of Joules, Nick Jones, who has been at the company since 2019 is stepping down following a profit warning.
Michael Murray, Frasers Group's former head of elevation, has assumed the role of CEO, previously covered by Mike Ashley.
Christine Kasoulis, former buying director of fashion at John Lewis, has joined supermarket giant Sainsbury’s as business unit director for clothing, home and furniture.
Former Jigsaw CEO Peter Ruis has been announced as president of Canadian lifestyle retailer Indigo.
Copenhagen-based contemporary brand Saks Potts has appointed its first CEO, as it gears up for international growth.
Depop’s chief operating officer Dominic Rose has left the business today, following the company’s decision to restructure its management team.
Missguided’s founder, Nitin Passi, has decided to step down as CEO after the womenswear retailer appointed advisory firm Teneo to explore "strategic options" for its future.
Swedish clothing brand Filippa K has appointed Rikard Frost as its new CEO.
Richard Liu, the founder of Chinese etail group JD.com, has stepped down as chief executive.
Streetwear brand SikSilk has appointed Laura Wiard as its new trading director.
British sportswear giant Gymshark is undertaking a restructuring of the business, which could result in the loss of 121 jobs.
British luxury fashion house Burberry has hired Geoffrey Williams, formerly at Dr Martens, as vice-president – global head of diversity and inclusion.
Cornish sustainable childrenswear brand Frugi has appointed former Victoria’s Secret global president Margaret McDonald as its new chair.
Designer Christopher Raeburn has moved into the new role of collaborator at large at US footwear brand Timberland.
Luxury fashion brand Dsquared2 has appointed Sergio Azzolari, general manager of Tod's Group-owned footwear brands Hogan and Fay, as its new CEO.
Dr Martens has named Darren McCoy as its new global creative director.
Burberry has announced Orna NíChionna as its new senior independent director with effect from 2 April 2022.
Danish fashion and lifestyle brand Wood Wood has made several new hires.
Sean Hallows will be promoted to COO, taking over from Phil Hackney, who will step down from the role in April after six years.
Sustainable materials science company Pangaia has recruited Krishna Nikhil as its first CEO.
Footwear retailer FitFlop has appointed David Schuttenkopf as its new chief commercial officer.
Rental platform Hirestreet has appointed Rosie Hartman as its new strategy lead, and unveiled a rebrand as it looks to move to a marketplace model.
Prada shakes up management team
The Prada Group has announced a shake-up of its management team, including the appointment of a new chief financial officer.
Andrea Bonini

Andrea Bonini
Emmanuel Gintzburger has been appointed as the CEO of Italian luxury fashion house Versace, while Gianfilippo Testa succeeds him at British fashion label Alexander McQueen.
Penny Parry, commercial director at Joules, has decided to leave the business for a “new challenge”.
Footwear manufacturer and retailer Clarks has appointed Jonathan Ram as its new CEO.
Jonathan Ram, CEO, Clarks

Jonathan Ram, CEO, Clarks
Esprit has confirmed William Pak as chief executive officer. Pak was appointed as Esprit’s interim chief executive officer in October 2021 and will now lead the new era of the brand alongside a new executive leadership team.
Pak will be joined by financial industry veteran Brian Won as chief financial officer, Sang Langill, who was named chief product officer in December 2021, and Larry Luk as chief digital and marketing officer, who previously worked at L’Oréal and Calvin Klein.
Italian luxury brand Salvatore Ferragamo has appointed Maximilian Davis as its new creative director, effective 16 March.
Marks & Spencer CEO Steve Rowe is stepping down from the role and will be replaced by Stuart Machin and Katie Bickerstaffe.
Canadian outerwear brand Moose Knuckles has appointed Eric Tosello as executive vice-president of its Asia-Pacific territory.
Michael Kors CEO Joshua Schulman has stepped down just seven months into the role, the brand's owner Capri Holdings has said.
Ted Baker has appointed former Joules chief financial officer Marc Dench as CFO, with effect from today (8 March).
Adidas has appointed former Hunter creative director Alasdhair Willis as its new chief creative officer.
British luxury knitwear manufacturer John Smedley has named Jess Mcguire-Dudley as its new deputy managing director.
Luxury department store Browns has appointed Nellie Eden as its creative beauty editor in residence as part of its plans to add beauty to its offering later this year.
Phil Dickinson, Superdry's creative director will step away from the business later this summer, Drapers can reveal.
Hugo Boss has restructured its creative leadership team.
JD Sports Fashion has appointed Kath Smith as its senior independent director and chair of the nominations committee.
Victoria Beckham has reportedly named Lara Barrio as the new design director of her eponymous brand.
Karl Doyle, former executive group commercial director at Reiss, has been appointed vice president of Asda's clothing and home brand George.
Footwear retailer FitFlop has appointed Sal Usmani as its new chief technology officer.
Hotter Shoes owner Unbound Group has appointed Sarah Davies as chief product officer to roll out its expansion into clothing.
Lingerie retailer Ann Summers has announced a management team shake-up.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed its first pan-partnership customer director.
URBN, owners of Urban Outfitters, Anthropologie and Free People, has reported surging sales for the full year to January 2022, and appointed a new president for North America
Sustainable leisurewear label Presca has hired Lily Rice, a former Drapers 30 Under 30 alumna, as creative director.
Personal stylist website Thread has promoted head of business development Terry Betts to director of buying and business development.
Yorkshire-based menswear brand Cut & Pin has appointed Polly Jackson as its new trading director.
Asos's executive retail director of womenswear, Nick Loveday, and director of strategic partnerships, wholesale, Stephen Owen, are set to leave the etail business, Drapers can reveal.
Monsoon Accessorize has appointed former Very Group fashion director Emma Alexander as the new managing director for Accessorize, Drapers can reveal.
Debenhams has named former JD Sports Fashion group multichannel director Daniel Finley as its new chief executive.
Ted Baker has named Esprit executive Jason Beckley as its new chief customer, marketing and digital officer.
In The Style COO and CFO Paul Masters is to leave the fast fashion etailer in March.
Valentino has resturctured its finance and operations structure and added two new executive roles.
Luxury fashion retailer Yoox Net-A-Porter (YNAP), has named Natalie Lee as its general manager for the Asia-Pacific region.
Filippa K has appointed Liisa Kessler as its next creative director, which the Swedish clothing brand said will mark a "noticeable shift" in its creative direction.
Online value retailer Studio has appointed Gareth Powell to lead its new data programme and team.
The Pepco chief executive will leave in March for health reasons.
Chris Amoroso, former global sales manager at Kent & Curwen, has been appointed to the newly created role of wholesale and etail director at men’s sportswear and swimwear brand Ron Dorff, Drapers can reveal.
Esprit has appointed a new chief product officer and revealed a number of “exciting developments” in the pipeline to “revitalise” the brand.
Supermarket chain Asda has named changes to its executive leadership team.
Activewear brand Fabletics has reportedly announced that co-founder, actress Kate Hudson, will be transitioning from principal face of the brand to an advisory role.
Frasers Group non-executive director Anouska Kapur has left the role after just three months.
Maternity and nursing wear brand Seraphine has named French Connection CFO and company secretary Lee Williams as its CFO.
Matthew Rawlings is leaving the independent department store retailer after 21 years to join menswear brand house Douglas & Grahame as commercial director.
Krista Nordlund will join Marks & Spencer in the newly created role on 4 January.
Following the sudden death of Ted Baker's chairman John Barton this month (December), the retailer has confirmed that a formal search for a chair is now underway.
French luxury group Chanel has named Unilever executive, Leena Nair, as its new global chief executive.
Belgian fashion brand Dries Van Noten has reportedly appointed Axel Keller, most recently CEO of Jil Sander, as its president.
Belstaff has appointed former Mr Porter editorial director Jodie Harrison as its new global brand director.
Sportswear etailer Sports Shoes has appointed Alistair Cameron, former Asics CEO for the EMEA region, as a non-executive director.
Zara owner Inditex has appointed Marta Ortega as its new chairwoman, and Óscar García Maceiras as its new chief executive officer.
VF Corporation, which owns Vans, The North Face and Timberland, has named Nina Flood as its news president of Global Packs, which includes the group’s baggage and luggage businesses Eastpack, JanSport and Kipling.
Luxury fashion group Burberry has appointed Danuta Gray as a non-executive director.
Versace said Cedric Wilmottte will become interim CEO from 17 January 2022.
Sarah Savva, external relationships director at Secret Sales, has decided to part ways from the discount marketplace after three months in the role, Drapers can reveal.
I Saw It First has named former Matalan deputy CEO Greg Pateras as its new CEO.
JD Sports has appointed Helen Ashton, the former CFO of Asos, as a non-executive director, with immediate effect.
Matthieu Blazy_(Photo: Willy Vanderperre)

Matthieu Blazy_(Photo: Willy Vanderperre)
The Kering-owned luxury brand Bottega Veneta has named Matthieu Blazy as its new creative director, following the shock exit of Daniel Lee last week.
Secret Sales has hired Peter Coombes, former senior merchandiser at Asos, as its new head of trading, the latest appointment in an ongoing management recruitment drive by the ecommerce marketplace.
Simon Cotton, CEO of UK cashmere brand Johnstons of Elgin, has decided to step down from the role to pursue new opportunities.
Etailer In The Style's founder and CEO Adam Frisby has taken the decision to step down  and become chief brand officer.
Boden has appointed a new chief commercial officer and a new chief marketing officer to lead the growth of its US and ecommerce platforms.
Bottega Veneta has announced that its creative director Daniel Lee will exit after three years.
N Brown Group has appointed Nuno Miller as its new digital chief operating officer, to help accelerate its digital transformation plans, Drapers can reveal.
Gymshark has appointed serial entrepreneur Gary Vaynerchuk as an adviser to its board.
Clarks' CEO Victor Herrero has stepped down from the role.
London-based fashion marketplace Depop has appointed Francois Callens to the role of chief operating officer.
Andrew Jennings has decided to step down as a non-executive director at Ted Baker on 29 January 2022, after more than eight years on the board.
Luxury resale app Vestiaire Collective has announced a series of executive hires. Arnaud Collin has been appointed chief revenue officer, Klemen Drole joins as chief technology, product and data officer, and Bernard Osta has been recruited as chief strategy officer.
Valentino has named Alessandra Andreani as its new CEO for south-east Asia and Australia.
Michael Groffenberger has joined luxury retail platform Cudoni as its chief commercial officer from this month.
Burberry has appointed Versace CEO Jonathan Akeroyd as CEO and executive director, replacing incumbent CEO Marco Gobbetti.
End has confirmed Patrizio di Marco as the men's and women's wear retailer's new chairman.
Fitness clothing company Under Armour has appointed a new chief consumer officer and EMEA managing director.
The British Footwear Association (BFA) has announced the appointment of three new non-executive directors, who joined the board this month.
Luxury fashion house Bottega Veneta, which is owned by Kering, has reportedly named its new CEO of the Americas.
CEO of Asos, Nick Beighton, is stepping down, the etailer announced today.
Real estate expert Anouska Kapur has joined Frasers Group's board as a non-executive director.
Boohoo Group has appointed Kirsty Britz, director of sustainable banking at NatWest Group, to its board as non-executive director.
Jigsaw has confirmed that Beth Butterwick is the lifestyle retailer’s new CEO, Drapers can reveal.
The Very Group has appointed former Fenwick CEO Robbie Feather as retail managing director.
Paolo de Cesare has been named CEO of Matchesfashion.
Liz Evans

Liz Evans
Fat Face CEO Liz Evans has been announced as Asda's new managing director of George, the supermarket chain's clothing and home arm, Drapers can reveal.
Japanese streetwear designer Nigo has been appointed as the new artistic director of Kenzo.
Liz Evans is stepping down from the lifestyle retailer. CFO Will Crumbie will take on the CEO role.
Secret Sales has announced six new director-level roles to help drive the online marketplace’s international expansion.
FitFlop names former Superdry director as COOFootwear brand FitFlop has appointed Gordon Knox as its chief operating officer.
Fabrizio Cardinali has been announced as the CEO of luxury fashion house Etro.
JD Sports Fashion has appointed Bert Hoyt as its non-executive director with effect from 8 September.
Boardriders, the owner of surfwear brand Quiksilver, has named Nicolas Foulet as its new EMEA president.
Former Sainsbury’s CEO Mike Coupe is set to succeed Alistair McGeorge as non-executive chairman of New Look.
Model and reality TV star Kendall Jenner has been appointed as creative director of luxury online marketplace FWRD.
Moose Knuckles' executive chairman, Victor Luis, has been appointed as the brand's CEO, taking over from co-founders Noah Stern and Ayal Twik.
Next has appointed Soumen Das as an independent non-executive director with effect from today, 1 September 2021.
Footwear brand Hotter Shoes has appointed a new chief financial officer and head of product.
PrettyLittleThing has named influencer and former ITV Love Island contestant Molly-Mae Hague as its new UK and EU creative director.
Joshua Schulman has been appointed as CEO of Michael Kors.
Burberry has appointed Luke Smith as its senior product merchandise manager, Drapers can reveal.
Online retailer Designerwear has appointed Ben Sherwen as its head of buying.
Surfwear brand Rip Curl has appointed Brooke Farris as CEO.
Sarah Savva, Marks & Spencer’s former business lead for third-party brands, has joined Secret Sales as external relationships director.
Burberry has appointed Gianluca Flore to the role of chief commercial officer, effective 1 September 2021.
Asos's chairman Adam Crozier has been poached by telecommunications company BT.
The current plan is for Michael Murray, Frasers Group's head of elevation, to assume the role of CEO on 1 May 2022.
Ted Baker has appointed two new non-executive directors.
After almost thirty years at textile mill AW Hainsworth, divisional director Tom Hainsworth will step down from the role in October.
Marks & Spencer chairman Archie Norman has been appointed as senior independent director at private equity investor Bridgepoint Group.
Chief creative director Wil Beedle has left AllSaints to focus on Shoreditch Ski Club, the eco-brand that he created and designs.
Dame Carolyn McCall will retire as an independent non-executive director of Burberry on 2 April 2022.
Suzanne Egleton will take the newly created role of chief commercial officer at Cath Kidston.
Natalie Kingham, MatchesFashion global fashion officer, has left the business.
Boden has appointed former URBN CEO Glen Senk as its new executive chairman.
Former Topshop Topman creative consultant Lizzie Dawson has joined Boohoo Group as fashion director for Karen Millen, Coast, Oasis and Warehouse.
Gymshark’s co-founder Ben Francis is to become chief executive, four years after stepping back from leading the company.
Maria Milano, head of womenswear and childrenswear buying at Harrods, is moving on from the business later this year, Drapers can reveal.
Burberry CEO Marco Gobbetti will step down and leave the company at the end of 2021.
Authentic Brands Group (ABG) has appointed Henry Stupp as its new president of Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA).
Andre Farber has been appointed as CEO of Dafiti, Global Fashion Group's fashion ecommerce platform in Latin America.
Jack Wolfskin has appointed Selim Say to the newly-created position of vice president footwear.
N Brown has appointed Dominic Platt as an independent non-executive director with immediate effect.
 Victor Luis has joined Canadian outerwear brand Moose Knuckles as  executive chairman.
Italian luxury group Moncler has appointed Gino Fisanotti to the newly created position of chief brand officer, effective 7 June.
John Lewis has today announced three senior appointments to support its plans to transform and grow the business.
Michael Kors has appointed Robin Gendron as president across its EMEA markets (Europe, Middle East and Africa).
CEO of Next Lord Wolfson is to become chair of Reiss, after Next acquired a stake in the brand in March.
M&S has announced the appointment of its new head of visual merchandising, Ben Witmann.
Sportwear brand Gymshark has appointed Danielle Petesic as its chief product officer, Drapers can reveal.
Marks & Spencer’s business lead for third-party brands, Sarah Savva, is exiting in July, as the retailer bolsters its external brands team, Drapers can reveal.
Marks & Spencer has today announced a “realignment” of its leadership team’s responsibilities.
Pradera Lateral has been appointed as asset manager of the Trafford Centre in Manchester by its Canadian owner.
British Footwear Association (BFA) non-executive directors, Rachel King and Tim Cooper, have retired from the board.
The former managing director of Topman, Mitch Hughes, has joined Boohoo Group as MD of its Dorothy Perkins, Wallis and Burton brands.
Sustainable women's activewear brand Tala has appointed Morgan Fowles as its new managing director, Drapers can reveal.
Raeburn has appointed Stewart Colquhoun as its wholesale sales manager, Drapers can reveal.
Andy Rubin has exited his role as non-executive director at JD Sports Fashion and has been replaced by former Pentland Brands CEO Andy Long.
Sainsburys has announced that Paula Nickolds, former managing director of John Lewis, will join the supermarket in June as its general merchandise and clothing commercial director.
Online womenswear retailer Sosandar has appointed a new chief financial officer.
New Balance has appointed Mathias Boenke as senior vice president, EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa).
Marks & Spencer has announced the creation of 85 new roles, to help drive omnichannel growth under the retailer’s MS2 digital strategy.
Frasers Group’s Flannels is introducing 165 new women’s and menswear brands for autumn/winter 21, as the retailer opens new flagship stores and builds on its elevation strategy, Drapers can reveal.
Fashion etailer The Bias Cut, which describes itself as the "first age-inclusive online fashion boutique" has announced a raft of new appointments, which it says will support future growth plans.
Superdry has appointed Peter Sjölander as chairman, effective 29 April.
Steph Strike, managing director of Asda's George, is leaving the business after 25 years.
Lingerie company Dana-co has appointed Denise Shepherd as its new director of international sales, to spearhead the company's expansion plans.
Fiona Dawson will join Marks & Spencer’s board as a non-executive director on 25 May.
Luxury department store Fenwick has appointed Simon Calver as its non-executive chairman.
Outdoor brand Helly Hansen has announced that its chief executive, Paul Stoneham, will step down from the business.
Valentino has appointed Mitchell Bacha as its CEO for Greater China.
California-based outdoor brand Patagonia has appointed Matthijs Visch as its new general manager of EMEA.
John Lewis & Partners has appointed Amir Goshtai as its new financial services director.
Hugo Adams has been appointed as CEO of children’s footwear specialist Start-Rite Shoes.
New Look has appointed Ed Alford to the newly created role of chief technology officer (CTO), effective from today.
Joules has appointed Caroline York as chief financial officer.
The John Lewis Partnership has appointed Nish Kankiwala to join its board this month as a non-executive director.
VF Corporation, the parent company of brands including Vans, The North Face and Timberland, has made several new appointments to its EMEA leadership team.
French Connection has appointed Neil Page as non-executive director with immediate effect.
Angelika Schindler-Obenhaus has been promoted to CEO of German womenswear brand Gerry Weber.
Lesley Jones has decided to step down from the board of N Brown Group.
FitFlop has appointed Gianni Georgiades as its new chief executive.
Holli Rogers is stepping down as CEO of Browns, to focus on her position as chief brand officer at parent company Farfetch.
Asda CEO and president Roger Burnley is to step down next year, after the supermarket was bought by Mohsin and Zuber Issa.
Wellington boot brand Hunter has named Paolo Porta as chief executive, with immediate effect.
Shoe Zone has announced Terry Boot as its new finance director.
Alastair Brass will help to drive the retailer's transformation strategy.
Matchesfashion CEO Ajay Kavan is leaving the business with immediate effect.
Matt Davis will step down from his role as chairman of N Brown Group on 31 March.
Former Missguided CEO Gareth Jones has joined Jigsaw in a non-executive capacity, to advise on its digital strategy.
Several Topshop and Topman directors are not transferring over to new owner Asos, and are leaving the business, Drapers can reveal.
John Lewis & Partners’ buying director of fashion Christine Kasoulis is leaving this spring after 32 years at the business, Drapers can reveal.
Brand Machine Group (BMG) has appointed Ian Bristow to the newly created role of joint chief technology officer and chief operating officer, to support the group’s shift in strategy to direct-to-consumer, Drapers can reveal.
Several members of Clarks executive team, including CEO Giorgio Presca, have left the business, Drapers can reveal.
Shoe Zone’s finance director Peter Foot has left the business after less than a year in the role.
Oliver Strickland has joined Knomo as the brand's new UK country manager.
Marks & Spencer names new clothing and home FD
Former Dixons Carphone group finance director, Khurram Uqaili, has joined Marks & Spencer as finance director of its clothing and home division, replacing Shaun Wills.
Etailer In The Style has appointed John Allen as chief technology officer and chief digital officer.
Superdry has re-hired its former chief financial officer, Shaun Wills, in the same role.
Richard Jackson has been announced as chair of online women’s clothing brand, Kit & Kaboodal.
Raeburn has appointed Johnny Ridley as its new head of online and growth marketing, Drapers can reveal.
Marks & Spencer has appointed former River Island managing director of new business development, Fiona Lambert, as managing director of Jaeger.
Anthropologie has appointed former Boden chief product officer, Matt Hilgeman, as its new managing director of international.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos is to step down as chief executive of the online retail giant.
Kidswear brand Frugi has appointed Sarah Clark as its new CEO.
Hunter global brand director Ali Lowry has left the business after seven years.
Former Jigsaw CEO Peter Ruis has been announced as president of Canadian lifestyle retailer Indigo.
Italian womenswear brand Pinko has announced British designer Patrick McDowell as its new sustainability design director.
Depop’s chief operating officer Dominic Rose has left the business today, following the company’s decision to restructure its management team.
John Lewis’s customer experience director, Peter Cross, is stepping down from the business at the end of April.
Swedish clothing brand Filippa K has appointed Rikard Frost as its new CEO.
Sara Brennan has been appointed as Pentland Brands’ first positive business director.
Primark has appointed Alice Macandrew to the newly-created position of corporate affairs director.
The Clinkard Group has appointed Tim Payne as the new managing director of footwear retailer Charles Clinkard.
Designer Italian label Valentino has appointed Enzo Quarenghi as chief client officer and digital acquisition.
French luxury fashion house Balmain has appointed Matthieu Petri as its new group chief commercial officer.
Premium British sustainable fashion brand Aqua & Rock has appointed financial expert Simon Richard Wilson Hoyle as company director.
Designer outlet group McArthurGlen has promoted regional leasing director Nick Brady to group managing director of leasing.
Wolverine Worldwide has named Jim Zwiers (pictured) as president of its global operations group, while Matt Blonder has been appointed president of global ecommerce.
Brand strategy expert and former Asos board member Rita Clifton will take on the role in February.
The luxury retailer's fashion and buying director Natalie Kingham will take on the newly created role.
Superdry has appointed co-founder Julian Dunkerton as chief executive officer on a permanent basis, replacing his interim contract that was due to expire in April 2021.
Yoox Net-a-Porter Group (YNAP) has appointed former Burberry vice president of global customer fulfilment, Mirko Nobili, as its global operations director.
Sheffield-based department store Sandersons has appointed a new managing director, buying director and ecommerce director.
Lingerie etailer Bravissimo has appointed managing director Leanne Cahill as chief executive, replacing founder Sarah Tremellen.
Marks & Spencer has appointed Bupa Group CEO Evelyn Bourke as a non-executive director.
Rubin Ritter co-CEO Zalando

Rubin Ritter co-CEO Zalando
Zalando co-CEO Rubin Ritter has announced his intention to step down from the role next year, after more than 11 years at the business.
LVMH chief digital officer Ian Rogers is stepping down from his role at the luxury group, as it appoints its first chief omnichannel officer.
Ebay UK has appointed Eve Williams, global brand director at Asos, as chief marketing officer.
Lea Cranfield will be returning to Net-a-Porter as chief buying and merchandising officer next year, Drapers can reveal.
Net-a-Porter's managing director Nicola Brandolese has left the business after just one year in the role.
British wellington boot brand Hunter has appointed Net-a-Porter co-founder Claudia Plant as its new chief marketing officer.
Lifestyle retailer Fat Face has appointed former Joules CEO Colin Porter as non-executive chairman.
London College of Fashion, part of the University of Arts London, has appointed former Jaeger and Aquascutum owner Harold Tillman as business and enterprise adviser.
The Very Group has appointed former BBC director of technology platform Matt Grest as chief information officer.
Boohoo has appointed Shaun McCabe as a non-executive director.
Amazon has reportedly appointed former American Vogue creative director Sally Singer to the new role of head of fashion direction.
Asos has appointed José Antonio Ramos Calamonte as its new chief commercial officer.
Superdry has appointed former Hunter CFO Benedict Smith as interim chief financial officer.
Manchester start-up The Shirt Society has appointed former Pink Shirtmaker chief operating and product officer Steve Price as product development director.
Designer outlet owner McArthurGlen has announced a change of leadership with immediate effect.
Frederic Levy has been appointed as the new president of Havaianas International.
Superdry chief financial officer Nick Gresham has stepped down from the board with immediate effect, after 16 months in the role.
The ecommerce giant has named Ruth Diaz as the new head of Amazon Fashion Europe.
Superdry’s chief financial officer Nick Gresham has stepped down from the board with immediate effect, after 16 months in the role.
Contemporary clothing brand Joseph has appointed husband and wife duo Anna Lundbäck Dyhr and Frederik Dyhr as its new co-creative directors.
Longchamp has appointed managing director of UK and Ireland, Paul Lorraine, as its new president and CEO of North America, Drapers can reveal.
Pentland Brands has appointed Jodie Soussan as global brand director for its Canterbury and Mitre brands.
Retailers are cutting thousands of jobs, as the fallout from the coronavirus pandemic continues. Here's the latest news on fashion retail redundancies.
Tagspeople moves
Recommended Articles
All the latest tariff news, analysis and advice to keep you updated…
New Look has successfully onboarded 100% of its core supplier base onto…
Marks & Spencer has reassured that all third-party brands trading on its…

Sign in or Register a new account to join the discussion.
			
Get full access to all the fashion industry news and intelligence you need 
Browse the archive of more than 55,000 articles, access bespoke in-depth research, read the daily and weekly newsletters in full, receive the print magazine (optional), and gain priority access to Drapers events