By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:09, 27 March 2024   |  Updated:  07:06, 27 March 2024   
 67
View  comments
Rihanna was every inch the blonde bombshell on Tuesday, as she arrived at a charity event at The Little Door in West Hollywood. 
The Stay hitmaker, 36, looked fabulous with her platinum blonde tresses pinned up in a voluminous flirty updo, with some strands left to frame her face.
The hitmaker — who was seen rocking a blonde pixie cut earlier this week, with fans dubbing her look the 'rich grandma aesthetic' — showed off her edgy style in a trendy vintage oversized black leather jacket, under which she wore a black maxi dress. 
The Fenty Beauty mogul embodied glamour with her expertly applied makeup, which featured dramatic eyelashes, a sweep of peachy blush on her cheeks, and a high-shine gloss on her pout. 
The mom-of-two added height to her 5' 8" frame with a pair of open-toe silver strappy heels that showed off her white pedicure.
Rihanna was every inch the blonde bombshell on Tuesday, as she arrived at a charity event at The Little Door in West Hollywood
The Stay hitmaker, 36, looked fabulous with her platinum blonde tresses pinned up in a voluminous flirty updo, with some strands left to frame her face
The back of her jacket billowed out in theatrical sleeves and featured colorful writings across the fabric. The star sparkled up her look with sizable diamond studs.
It comes after Rihanna wore a very different hairstyle on Friday, as she arrived at a business meeting in Santa Monica, California.
Instead of her usual long brunette hair, the star rocked a blonde pixie cut. The shaggy cut — which featured blunt bags and a mullet-inspired back — perfectly framed Rihanna's heart-shaped face. 
The beauty was elegant in a tweed Gucci jacket, baggy Bottega Veneta jeans, Gucci kitten heels and carried an Alaïa handbag.
Fans dubbed the quietly lavish look the 'rich grandma aesthetic' as per Vogue. But it seems the star has quickly moved on to a new look. 
Earlier on Tuesday Rihanna offered fans a behind-the-scenes look at her cover shoot for Vogue China, where she rocked yet another hairstyle. 
The Pon de Replay singer shared a short video clip from her shoot ahead of the April 1 launch of Fenty Beauty in China, wearing chunky long brown braids.
The Savage X Fenty Instagram account shared it and captioned the post: 'When @badgirlriri says “BANG THAT SHIIII,” best believe magic is about to happen.'
The hitmaker showed off her edgy style in a trendy vintage oversized black leather jacket, under which she wore a black maxi dress
The new hairstyles comes after the superstar was pictured rocking a blonde pixie cut on Friday in Santa Monica, with fans dubbing her look the 'rich grandma aesthetic'
Earlier on Tuesday Rihanna offered fans a behind-the-scenes look at her cover shoot for Vogue China, where she rocked yet another hairstyle
The Pon de Replay singer shared a short video clip from her shoot ahead of the April 1 launch of Fenty Beauty in China, wearing chunky long brown braids
They continued: 'Rihanna’s looking stunning for @VogueChina in her fave Seamless Bralette & Boy Short Panty.' 
The billionaire beauty mogul wore a long plaid jacket that was red, black and white. 
The Umbrella hitmaker also wore relaxed-fit, acid washed jeans and chunky shoes. It was her underwear – a Savage x Fenty Seamless Bralette and Boy Short Panty – that was the star of the show at the shoot.
At one point in the video the mom of two hung out of a window with a flower box attached.
Rihanna announced last week that her brand Fenty Beauty will now be available in China starting April 1.
It's a huge business move for the star, as China is the second-largest beauty market in the world behind the US.
Rihanna is already considered America's youngest self-made female billionaire. Her estimated net worth is around $1.4 billion.
And her billion+ fortune doesn't come from her music career – it comes from her wildly successful cosmetics company.
Rihanna shares sons sons RZA, nearly two, and Riot, six months, with rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 35; the pair seen with RZA in an Instagram snap 
Aside from her ever-flourishing career, the superstar is also a happy mom-of-two. She shares sons sons RZA, nearly two, and Riot, six months, with rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 35. 
Riri and her man were first linked in the early 2010s when he was her opening act on the Diamonds World Tour in 2013. 
Rumors of a romantic spark started swirling in December 2019 after their red carpet debut together at the British Fashion Awards, and in November 2020, it was officially confirmed they were dating.
Last month she took to Instagram to share a snippet of a new short film for FentySkin that features herself and her baby daddy.
Fans gushed over the pair as one commenter wrote, 'I have never seen her look at any man the was she looks at Rocky.'
Prior to A$AP she dated Saudi businessman Hassan Jameel for three years before their split in 2020. She was also famously linked to singers Chris Brown and Drake. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group