Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				A$AP Rocky was abruptly arrested in 2022 for his alleged involvement in a 2021 shooting incident that took place in Hollywood, California,			

Find Out

Rapper A$AP Rocky was on trial for his alleged involvement in a 2021 shooting. Although the rapper — who is also known for his high-profile relationship with Rihanna — pleaded not guilty, fans were curious what he did to face legal trouble. Below, Hollywood Life has rounded up everything we know about Rocky’s case and trial.
In August 2022, the Los Angeles Police Department arrested Rocky at LAX (real name: Rakim Athelaston Mayers) and charged him with two felony counts of assault with a semiautomatic firearm.
“On November 6, 2021, Aaron 10:15 p.m., an argument between two acquaintances occurred in the area of Selma Avenue and Argyle Avenue in the Hollywood area,” a statement from the LAPD read. “The argument escalated and resulted in the suspect firing a handgun at the victim. The victim sustained a minor injury from the incident and later sought his medical treatment. Following the shooting, the suspect and two additional males fled the area on foot.”
Upon further investigation by detectives, law enforcement announced that they identified A$AP Rocky as their suspect. He pleaded not guilty to the charges.
No, A$AP Rocky is not going to jail now that a jury determined that he was not guilty on the charges he was facing in his 2025 trial. If Rocky was found guilty on all charges in connection to the 2021 shooting, he would have faced up to 24 years behind bars, according to the Associated Press.
Rocky’s attorney, Joe Tacopina, previously told the outlet that “there are some real problems with the testimony of the complainant,” and added, “I think there’s not enough evidence.”
The lawyer also responded to a question about whether or not Rihanna would support Rocky during his trial. According to the AP, Tacopina explained, “He would never subject his family [to this], he wants to shield them, he’s handling it like Rocky would handle something, he protects his family.”
Rocky’s trial was supposed to begin in late 2024, but it was postponed to early 2025. That February, the trial began, and accuser A$AP Relli took the stand to testify against Rocky. On February 18, the jury deliberated for about three hours before reaching the not guilty verdict.
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect