ByJane Hanson
ByJane Hanson,
 Contributor. 
Celebrities like Zendaya and Rihanna are wearing a new power color this fall. Learn how you can easily add it to your work wardrobe.
Zendaya (left); Tom Holland (left) and Zendaya at the launch of Holland's BERO non-alcoholic beer
Fall has crowned a new must-have color: burgundy.
Think pomegranates and wine, burgundy is a rich, warm and versatile color that can add sophistication and confidence to any office look. As designers and stylists lean into the color, it has become a go-to option for anyone looking to blend power with professionalism in the workplace.
Burgundy is an easy to wear color that works for all women.
It combines the energy of red with the luxury of purple, evoking a feeling of strength and confidence without being overly flashy. Its earthy undertones make it feel grounded and natural while its richness projects an aura of confidence - allowing women who wear it to project authority while being approachable. And burgundy can be both a neutral when paired with a brighter color, or a pop of color when paired with a neutral like black, gray or cream.
The color is also flattering to most skin tones. Dark burgundy shades contrast well against fair skin while most shades of burgundy complement darker skin tones.
Brands from Old Navy to Gucci have introduced burgundy into their fall collections, showing faux suede outerwear, lush sweaters and trendy footwear. Beauty brands have also gotten in on the action, adding the rich hue to the lineup of nail polishes and makeup. Here’s how you can easily and affordably jump on the burgundy bandwagon.
Because burgundy is red’s more subtle cousin, it’s much easier to wear. It doesn’t scream out for attention, yet somehow still gets it. You’ll have no trouble finding it this season, from suiting to sweaters to outerwear. Going in a head-to-toe, monochromatic OOTD creates an elongated look while punctuating a palette of neutrals with a pop of burgundy is also a fun way to play the trend. And if you’re really daring, style experts say it’s ok to pair burgundy with yellow, emerald green or even turquoise.
Brands have worked burgundy into every style of footwear this season. Try a clean pair of sneakers, like Rag & Bone’s Slim Retro Low Top, with a long skirt or trousers. All the high-end designers have a sling back or pump for dressier occasions and a classic loafer, like Jimmy Choo’s Marlow Diamond, pairs well with denim. Mary Janes are still on trend and J. Crew’s Maisie style looks great with tights and skirts. Zara also has a large selection of burgundy boots in various styles and heel heights at an affordable price.
If you’re not ready to go all in on the burgundy trend, start with a small accessory. Spanish retailer Mango offers an inexpensive set of two headbands or grab the lush cashmere scarf from White + Warren. Looking for a real splurge? Treat yourself to the Loewe Squeeze Bag in dark burgundy.
There is no clearer sign of fall than the transition from a pale pink manicure to one of deep autumnal tones. To keep your nails on trend, try Chanel’s Oiseau de Nuit, Hermès’Violet Byzantin or OPI’s Complimentary Wine. Burgundy’s versatility in nail art allows it to fit various professional and social settings, with everything from matte burgundy nails to glossy finishes and intricate designs with gold accents. Esse’s website explains, “Nothin’ says fall like a deep burgundy nail.”
According to Refinery29, burgundy is fall’s hottest makeup trend. The color works on lips, cheeks and even eyes. “Burgundy is a very flattering shade on almost all skin tones and eye colors making it the perfect eye and complexion enhancer,” TikTok beauty guru Rose Siard told Refinery29. Try a burgundy eyeliner on your waterline, like Lancôme’s Ruby Fever, shadow on your lid from Milani’s The Wine Down eyeshadow palette and a dark plum blush like Kir Royale from Laura Mercier. And for lips? Try Wicked Ways by NARS.
Lily Collins
Not fully convinced you can pull off the burgundy look? Several well-known women have already paved the way for you, recently stepping out in the season’s hottest color.
Rihanna went to dinner in Santa Monica wearing a cozy gray sweater dress and a large burgundy Bottega Veneta clutch.
Blake Lively rocked Valentino’s Rockstud booties on a dinner date with husband Ryan Reynolds and, of course, actress Zendaya stunned in a burgundy leather Louis Vuitton dress last month at the launch of her boyfriend Tom Holland’s non-alcoholic beer brand.
Tiffany Dufu, president, Tory Burch Foundation
And bringing it back to the corporate world, President of the Tory Burch Foundation, Tiffany Dufu, was named to the WWD 50 Women in Power list wearing a stunning burgundy shift dress.
Fall fashion has always been about embracing earthy, rich tones that reflect the changing scenery. Burgundy aligns perfectly with this aesthetic and highlights the evolving trends in workplace fashion, where classic colors like black and navy are making space for new shades that allow working women to express a bit of their own personal style and personality. For anyone looking to elevate their style while maintaining a sense of professionalism and confidence, burgundy is undoubtedly the color to choose this fall.