The star celebrated her son’s second birthday in style
Rihanna isn’t one to skip a party—even if she did have to miss this year’s Met Gala due to the flu. 
Accompanied by beau A$AP Rocky, the singer celebrated their son RZA’s second birthday in New York City on Saturday night. Never one to miss out on a chance to do a theme, RiRi opted for an all-blue outfit to commemorate her baby boy’s party. She kept herself looking cool and comfortable in a pair of oversize blue-gray jeans, which pooled around her feet and partially hid her pink satin stilettos. 
Up top, she wore a matching blue satin strapless top and bundled up in a silvery blue jacket with a fur collar and cuffs. Black oval sunglasses and a sparkling collar necklace—also a frosted blue—capped off her look.
For the special occasion, Rihanna wore her platinum hair straightened with a middle part. She kept her glam simple, with a glowing base and a mauve glossy lip, both likely courtesy of her own Fenty Beauty brand. The mogul flashed a smile to paparazzi as she carried her youngest son, nine-month-old Riot Rose, after spending time at the Color Factory in SoHo. 
(See the rest of the photos here.)
Meanwhile, A$AP Rocky carried RZA, who was dressed in a jean jacket that matched his younger brother’s own denim outerwear. Rocky himself wore a simple white tee and blue jeans, which he dressed up with a blue-and-white striped button-down shirt and black loafers. He accessorized with black aviators and a sparkling collar necklace. 
With the entire family decked out in matching denim, Rihanna and A$AP Rocky live up to their reputations as fashion killas—and it looks like they’re raising a whole family of them. 
J.Lo Wears Crystal-Covered Catsuit to Saudi GP
Adele Wears a Grey Set to Watch an NBA Game
Kylie Jenner and Hailey Bieber Dance to Charli XCX
Hailey Bieber Documents Her First Easter as a Mom
Rihanna Rocks the Rare Triple Denim to Dinner
All the Celebrities at Coachella 2025
Kristen Stewart Marries Dylan Meyer
Megan Thee Stallion Rocks Denim Thong at Coachella
Addison Rae Joins Charli XCX on Stage at Coachella
Selena Gomez Makes Fur Coat and Sweats Look Chic
Princess Eugenie's Netted Hat Is Easter Perfection
Why William and Kate Skipped Easter With Royals
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.