Rihanna’s personal style has sat on many mood boards. The Barbados-born artist and business mogul has a sharp eye for putting looks together. Throughout her music career, she’s become synonymous with eye-catching ensembles. Alongside the fashionable artist, her stylist Jahleel Weaver has delivered substantial pieces that could easily live in global editorials. The two have been able to deliver a bevy of fashion moments that have felt notable due to their electric kinship.  
It helps that the singer and businesswoman doesn’t let clothes wear her, she’s in full command of how any fabric falls on her body. After all, she’s responsible for the resurgence of women embracing their once-shunned pregnancy bumps. In honor of our Pisces queen’s birthday, we are sharing a look that could be easily integrated into your closet for the remaining winter weather. As we know, Rihanna transcends trends, often wearing whatever she wants regardless of the season. This outfit which she wore to a Christian Dior presentation in 2015 makes a case for colorful outerwear. The look consists of a pink scarf coat and black knee-high leather boots proving that she’s always been ahead of the curve. Now, scarf coats are resurfacing, so what better person to model a trend after than Rihanna?
Keep scrolling to shop and channel some classic bad gal Rihanna energy.
Similar to the millennial pink color that Rihanna wears, this Staud coat would pair well with a scarf in the same shade with leather boots peeking from underneath. 
The attached scarf is trending for coats, and this option from Toteme is a head-turner. It has a similar vibe to Rihanna’s coat and would be an excellent addition to your winter wardrobe. 
A baby pink scarf over a similar-hued coat is a darling look to sport for the winter. This hue was trending months ago, right now is the perfect time to bring it back.  
These Marc Fisher knee-high boots are reminiscent of Rihanna’s daring choice which she paired with a girlish coat. This pair has a bit more of a classic feel, but they’re equally as compelling. 
This sleek selection from Schutz matches the energy we want to channel in Rihanna’s look. These boots will last throughout multiple winter seasons too.