Tonight on "The Voice," country powerhouse Keith Urban is enlisted as a mega mentor to help prepare the artists for the Knockouts. Coaches Reba McEntire, Chance the Rapper, Dan + Shay and John Legend pair two artists to perform solo against each other. The winner of each Knockout will move on to the playoffs. Each coach has just one steal in this round.
The four-time Emmy Award-winning musical competition series “The Voice” returns with the strongest vocalists from across the country invited to compete in the show’s newest season, which premiered February 26 on NBC (8pm PT/ET). The show’s innovative format features five stages of competition: Blind Auditions, Battle Rounds, Knockouts, Playoffs and Live Performance Shows. 
SEE Former 'American Idol' judge Keith Urban joins 'The Voice' as Season 25 mega mentor
Below, read our minute-by-minute "The Voice" recap of Season 25, Episode 13 to find out what happened Monday, April 15 at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT. Then be sure to sound off in the comments section about your favorite artists on NBC's long-running reality TV show, which coach you're rooting for and who you think will ultimately join "The Voice" winners list for this 25th season. Carson Daly hosts the Emmy-winning program.
Keep refreshing/reloading this "The Voice" live blog for the most recent updates.
8:00 p.m. - "Previously on 'The Voice'!" In episode 12, the knockouts began. On Team Reba Asher HaVon defeated Tae Lewis, but Dan + Shay used their steal to bring the country singer over to their team. Then Josh Sanders defeated and eliminated Ashley Bryant. On Team Chance Serenity Arce defeated and eliminated Dani Stacy. On Team Dan + Shay Olivia Rubini defeated and eliminated Frank Garcia. Then Anya True defeated Kyle Schuesler, but Chance used his steal to recruit Kyle for himself. On Team Legend Nathan Chester defeated and eliminated Val T. Webb. Let's continue the Knockouts!
8:02 p.m. - Chance started the night with the pairing of Maddi Jane and Kamalei Kawa'a who he referred to as two of "the strongest" on his team. Despite him being Chance's "nemesis," Kamalei chose John's "All of Me" for his next performance as a way of saying "than you" to his wife. Chance's first reaction was that it's "incredible" and thinks that it didn't even sound like a John song. Keith thought he could "rein it in just a little bit" in order to be more effective with the vulnerability. Maddi decided on "New Rules" because she wanted to inhabit Dua Lipa's energy and showing off her rap skills as well, but Chance and Keith thought she could sing more of the song instead of converting it to rap.
8:07 p.m. - Shay thought they were two different performances and liked that Maddi was able to bring out the high notes of her voice while also dancing to the song. John thanked Kamalei for singing his song and said that he was "really into your version" because his "gratitude and spirit" come through in his voice. He also appreciates that Maddi takes on songs "that require a lot of breath control." Reba said that Kamalei's voice makes her feel good and that Maddi is a "force of nature." Chance gave Kamalei props for being able to make John's song his own and Maddi for showing off her "vocal chops" on a difficult song. All of the coaches thought Chance had a tough decision to make, but he ultimately decided on Maddi because "she's an entertainer."
8:16 p.m. - That left Kamalei open to a possible steal and both John and Reba bit. John said that it would be a "poetic outcome" for him to choose to join his team in this moment. Reba went sentimental and pitched that his kind heart would be a perfect fit for her team. By no surprise, Kamalei chose to join the team of the coach whose song he sang.
8:18 p.m. - John's next match-up was Gene Taylor against Mafe. Gene started the rehearsal session with his rendition of "I Don't Want to Miss a Thing" by Aerosmith because they were one of the first bands that challenged him to attempt high notes and he wanted to show that people of color can also do rock music. John asked him to "dirty it up a little bit" because it didn't sound like rock in the first pass. Keith advised him to take the key up a half step. Mafe worked through Ariana Grande's "Almost Is Never Enough" because she wants to go down the R&B path just like she does. John helped her with breath support and Keith asked her to watch her hand movement because it shows her nervousness.
8:23 p.m. - Following their performances, Reba told Gene that he "put your own personality and style" into the song and Mafe that she loves her tone. Chance thought Mafe sounded like herself on the song and he "felt connected" while he thinks Gene had pitch issues. Shay said that Gene "technically" has one of the best voices and Shay thinks that Mafe is "unbelievably talented." John's decision came down to how Gene "exudes a love for being on stage" and Mafe's "warmth" and "joy." In this head-to-head, he went with Mafe because of the "versatility" she showed in her song choices so far in the competition.
8:35 p.m. - Dan + Shay were next to bring their team to the rehearsal space, introducing Karen Waldrup and Ducote Talmage to Keith. Ducote started with "She Got the Best of Me" by Luke Combs which Dan thought would show "a more vulnerable, soft side" of him. Dan's note was that Ducote show more confidence "in the tender part" of the song so that he could show something new. Karen's song choice was Trisha Yearwood's "Georgia Rain" because it's an "emotional" and "storytelling song." Keith thought she should hold back from "performing so much right out the gate" and asked her to consider the way Adele delivers songs as an example.
8:41 p.m. - John started off commentary by telling Ducote that he has a "cool rasp" to his voice and Karen that he was "really impressed" by her performance. Reba thought Ducote chose a great song for him and appreciated that Karen "stayed in the moment for the whole song." Chance called Ducote's "passionate but controlled" and likened Karen to a Celine Dion performance. Dan thought Ducote "nailed" the first verse and Shay thought it was his best performance. Dan countered that Karen has one of the best voices in the competition. In the end, their decision was to keep Karen on their team to take to the playoffs.
8:57 p.m. - For Team Reba's first knockout of the night she brought together Justin & Jeremy Garcia and Zeya Rae. The sibling duo chose "You Are the Reason" because it "shows [their] brotherly bond." Reba was ready to work with them on their "communication with the audience" and Keith helped them through one line of the song that he thought was "broken" in their performance. Zeya went with "River" for this round because of its message of empowerment. Keith pointed out some spots where she wasn't hitting the high note and stressed that she can "tell the story even more" in an effort to meet her voice where it needs to be.
9:08 p.m. - Shay was on board with the "whole production" of Zeya's performance because her own intensity matched it and thinks that Justin & Jeremy have boosted their confidence through the competition. Chance "sensed a little lack of confidence" in the first part of her song, but noticed that she fought through it. He also wished that the brothers brought "more energy" to their performance. John loved Justin & Jeremy's falsettos, but they need to work on being more "in sync" with each other and felt "more connected" to Zeya's performance. Reba thinks Zeya's voice is great and found a few areas where Justin & Jeremy "got a little lost" in their song. Despite those flaws, Reba chose Justin & Jeremy as her winner of this round.
9:18 p.m. - Team Chance returned to the studio with Alyssa Crosby and RLetto. Alyssa chose the big Elton John song "I Guess That's Why They Call It the Blues," but in the Alessia Cara version. Chance told Alyssa that she was "flat in a lot of parts" and Keith thought it was because she had too much adrenaline, but they thought she just needed to keep rehearsing. RLetto went with "Stay" by The Kid LAROI and Justin Bieber with the hopes of doing a fast song "justice," but Chance thought it would be smart for them to slow it down a bit and "make it a real ballad."
9:24 p.m. - Dan thought Alyssa gave one of the best knockout performances of the day and Shay agreed that it was fun. On the flip side, they really liked the new arrangement to RLetto's song and he brought them in to the performance. John called RLetto a "tastemaker" in the same way that Rihanna is because they make people think they're cool. Reba thinks Alyssa has grown in this round and RLetto has "great stage presence." Chance told Alyssa that she gave "an amazing performance" and RLetto that he showed "a mastery of the song." Calling it a "very, very difficult decision," Chance chose RLetto as the winner of the knockout because of his "ability to improvise."
9:36 p.m. - The last knockout of the round was Team John's Zoe Levert and Jackie Romeo at a point where we know that Reba still has a steal left. Jackie went first with Rihanna's "Love on the Brain" because it matches the pop/soul genre that she wants to live in as an artist. Keith and John wanted her to "get more in character" because she wasn't owning the song in the way that brought them in to it. Zoe's choice was "Cowboy Take Me Away" because it reminds her of the backyard jam sessions she would do with her family back home. Keith said that she's confidence at the end of the song, but there's still some uncertainty at the beginning of the song. He advised that she picture her "own cowboy" in order to connect to the lyric.
9:50 p.m. - Reba was the first to speak after the performances, telling Jackie that she has a "wonderful voice" and "commanded the stage." She also liked Zoe's "effortless" runs. Chance said Zoe has "amazing control of pitch" and Jackie "sang the absolute mess out of that song." Dan agreed that Jackie has a "powerful voice" and appreciates that Zoe knows her range and always sits right in it on songs. John saw Jackie "embracing the energy of the song" and her "finesse" of the notes. He thinks that Zoe is still growing and keeps surprising everyone. For his decision, John went with Zoe because she has the "underdog" factor and yet keeps "rising to the occasion." That choice left Jackie up for Reba to grab in the final steal of the round. She likes that Jackie can "sing anything she wants."
I don’t think they should have group singers cause it isn’t fare to single singers
Maybe there should be the voice for groups and duo’s
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media