Rain showers this morning with some sunshine during the afternoon hours. High 84F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%..
                                
Partly cloudy. Low 77F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 5:40 am
Caroline Fawkes
VI23FAWKESPRO.JPG
Theron and Timothy Thomas, aka R. City.
V.I. Elections Supervisor Caroline Fawkes and brothers, Theron and Timothy Thomas, will be this year’s recipients of honorary degrees from the University of the Virgin Islands.
The Thomas brothers, known as R. City, and who proudly rose from a St. Thomas housing community to music’s biggest award stage, will receive the degrees during commencement ceremonies on May 9 on St. Thomas. A day later, Fawkes, an aviation trailblazer, will receive her honorary degree at commencement ceremonies on St. Croix.
Awarding an honorary degree is beneficial to both the recipient as well as the degree-awarding institution. Though not a standard practice, people holding an honorary doctorate degree can use the title “Dr.” in their name cards or correspondence. As for the institutions, it is often said that it is a good way of advertisement as the honorary degrees are usually awarded to well-known individuals.
The Atlanta-based Thomas brothers began their journey to stardom as young singers in the early 1990s as 2-EKwip, then later also performed as Planet VI and Rock City.
Now known, as R. City, the group is known for contributing to Grammy-Award winning albums featuring artists Lizzo, Jennifer Hudson and Rihanna. In 2009, R. City won its first Grammy for their songwriting contribution “If this isn’t love,” to Hudson, who won Best R&B Album. Then in 2014, the duo won with the songwriting contribution “Pour it up” to Rihanna, who won a Grammy for Best Urban Contemporary. In February, Theron Thomas won a Grammy for Songwriter of the Year, Non-Classical for his work on songs by Lil Durk, Tyla, Chloe Bailey, Ciara and Chris Brown, Cordae, Big Bosse Vette and Missy Elliott among others.
According to the UVI statement, in 2015, R. City released their debut album, “What Dreams Are Made Of,” which featured the platinum single “Locked Away” featuring Maroon 5’s Adam Levine.
“This track catapulted them into the spotlight, highlighting not only their songwriting skills, but also their vocal talent and charisma as performers,” the release stated. “The song’s success on global charts marked a significant milestone in their career, solidifying their status as influential figures in the music industry.”
The brothers, who were presented with the U.S. Virgin Islands Keys to the City by the Virgin Islands Legislature in 2016, “remain deeply connected to their roots in the Virgin Islands and champion the territory’s beauty and uniqueness wherever they go,” UVI said in the statement.
Both will be presented with honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degrees at UVI’s commencement ceremony on St. Thomas.
Fawkes will receive an honorary Doctor of Humane Letters degree, honoring her trailblazing accomplishments as an aviator and the role she plays as a mentor and inspiration to the territory’s youth.
A native of St. Croix, she made history as the first female to pilot the U.S. Army’s C23 Sherpa airplane and the first female state aviation officer in the Army National Guard.
“Col. Fawkes retired after more than three decades of military service; 4,400 hours of accident-free flight time; and 24 consecutive months of deployment to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Her highest military awards are the Legion of Merit and the Defense Meritorious Service Medal signed by President Barack Obama,” the release stated.
Her achievements, according to the statement, also were lauded by the 19th Legislature of the Virgin Islands through a bill introduced by former Sen. Adelbert M. Bryan in 1993, establishing a scholarship in her name for individuals interested in pursuing an aviation degree.
“Her journey into the V.I. National Guard and aviation, marked by determination and passion, set her apart as she broke barriers in a traditionally male-dominated industry, the release stated. “Fawkes’ interest in aviation was sparked early in her life, driven by a fascination with flight and a desire to push the boundaries of conventional roles assigned to women.”
Further “Fawkes attained her pilot’s license, and her skill, expertise and competence quickly earned her recognition, leading to her role as one of the few female helicopter pilots operating in challenging environments, including being instrumental in emergency and rescue operations, showcasing her ability to perform under pressure while saving lives and providing critical support in times of need.”
The UVI statement noted that beyond her professional accolades “Fawkes is deeply committed to mentoring young women interested in aviation, aiming to inspire and empower a new generation to pursue their dreams.”
“Her efforts to promote diversity and inclusion in aviation highlight her belief in equal opportunities and her desire to pave the way for future female aviators,” the release stated.
Fawkes has served as Elections supervisor since 2013 where she is responsible for administering and regulating the territory’s elections and certifying the names of candidates to various elected posts among others.
Both the commencement on St. Thomas will be held beginning at 1 p.m. on May 9 and May 10, on St. Thomas and St. Croix, respectively. The keynote speaker is former Atlanta Mayor Keisha Lance Bottoms, a member of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, who mostly recently served in the Biden administration.
Caroline Fawkes
VI23FAWKESPRO.JPG
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.