Something brand new for your 'do: Rihanna's Fenty Hair Collection is dropping on June 13, 2024, but you can sign up for early access on June 10.Fenty Beauty/Canva
There’s no better time to invest in your hair and keep your locks in check than during the summer season.
And with the much-anticipated Fenty Hair launch landing on Thursday, June 13, you can treat your hairdo to a level of luxury that only comes from a true hair icon, Rihanna herself.
Although it will be officially available to shop on Thursday, you can sign up for early access to shop before anyone else on Monday, June 10 at 11 p.m. EST, according to Fenty Hair.
Though the full range is still a mystery, social media breadcrumbs dropped on the Fenty Beauty feed speak to the line being “developed & tested on all hair types to repair, strengthen, hydrate, smooth + protect,” according to the brand. The initial launch includes moisture repair shampoo and conditioner “The Rich One,” moisture repair deep conditioner “The Richer One,” instant damage repair treatment “The Comeback Kid” and 5-in-1 heat protectant styler “The Protective Type.”
A proprietary Replenicore-5 Complex with Barbados gooseberry, upcycled jackfruit extract, amino acids, green tea extract and hydrolyzed vegetable protein is incorporated in every product. According to the brand, there’s everything from deep, hair-quenching hydration to vitamin and nutrient-rich antioxidants for reparation and growth stimulation for an all-seasons hair fix.
Peeks at the packaging have hinted at textured jars and bottle tops along with pump dispensers in pastel colorways. And as for the scents of her inaugural hair release, RiRi says everything “smells incredible, like you just can’t stop smelling your hair throughout the day.” She adds that the warm, amber floral fragrance has a “rich, luxurious vibe to it.”
Each cruelty-free, vegan product is formulated without sulfates, silicone, gluten and superficial DEA.
You can sign up now with your email and phone number to be the first to shop the collection on June 10 at 11 p.m. EST on the Fenty Beauty website ahead of its June 13 debut.
Rihanna has not yet announced where the haircare line will be available to shop in store or how much each product will cost. Fenty products are available to shop in Ulta Beauty and Sephora along with Ulta Beauty at Target and Sephora at Kohl’s locations, so it’s expected they will be available to shop there, as well.
And be sure to shop these other summer Fenty products on sale now while you’re at it.
You can find more Fenty Beauty and Fenty Skin products and stock up on your favorites here.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Danielle Halibey can be reached at dhalibey@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices