By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:12, 14 July 2024   |  Updated:  17:41, 14 July 2024   
 40
View  comments
Rihanna and her babydaddy A$AP Rocky dressed down for a casual stroll after leaving an Aloft Hotel in New York City on Saturday.
The 36-year-old Bajan billionaire wore a NY Yankees cap over her blond wig, a jersey for the six-time Grammy-winning rap duo Outkast, purple denim cargo pants and pink reptilian heels.
The 35-year-old New York rapper wore a red baseball cap with a dark T-shirt, black denim high waters and sneakers.
Last Wednesday, A$AP (born Rakim Athelaston Mayers) teased a new track from his fourth studio album Don't Be Dumb — dropping August 30 — which features vocals by their two-year-old son RZA Athelston Mayers.
It was on a promo for Rocky's debut collection 'American Sabotage' during his AWGE SS/25 presentation at Paris Fashion Week on June 21. 
Rihanna and her babydaddy A$AP Rocky dressed down for a casual stroll after leaving an Aloft Hotel in New York City on Saturday
The record will also feature the AWGE founder's previously released singles D.M.B., S***tin' Me, RIOT (Rowdy Pipe'n), and Same Problems?
Riri (born Robyn Fenty) and A$AP previously revealed they were 'trying to figure out who's gonna use what' when it comes to sampling the voices of RZA and 11-month-old son Riot Rose Mayers on Don't Be Dumb and her long-delayed ninth studio album.
The nine-time Grammy winner — whose last single Lift Me Up dropped in 2022 - told ET in April: 'I already got stuff that I feel like I could make hits out of.'
Rihanna and Rocky recently got matching 1988 tattoos to mark their birth year, and they originally confirmed their romance in 2020 - nine years after she first enlisted him to rap on her song Cockiness (Love It).
Rocky — who hired attorney Joe Tacopina — is currently free on bond ahead of his criminal assault trial, which is scheduled to begin October 21.
On January 8, the two-time Grammy nominee pleaded not guilty to two counts of assault with a semi-automatic firearm stemming from a 2021 shooting of his longtime friend A$AP Relli (born Terell Ephron).
Prosecutors obtained video of Rocky allegedly holding a gun, but there's no video of Ephron being shot through the hand.
The Bottega Veneta brand ambassador's late Bajan father reportedly went to prison when he was only 12, and he spent his teen years moving around homeless shelters with his mother and sister.
The 36-year-old Bajan billionaire wore a NY Yankees cap over her blonde wig, a jersey for the six-time Grammy-winning rap duo Outkast, purple denim cargo pants, and pink reptillian heels
Last Wednesday, the 35-year-old New York rapper teased a new track off his fourth studio album Don't Be Dumb - dropping August 30 - which featured vocals by their two-year-old son RZA Athelston Mayers
It was on a promo for A$AP's (born Rakim Athelaston Mayers) debut collection 'American Sabotage' during his AWGE SS/25 presentation at Paris Fashion Week on June 21 
Riri (born Robyn Fenty) and Rocky previously revealed they were 'trying to figure out who's gonna use what' when it comes to sampling the voices of RZA and 11-month-old son Riot Rose Mayers on Don't Be Dumb and her long-delayed ninth studio album (pictured May 13) 
The nine-time Grammy winner and the AWGE founder recently got matching 1988 tattoos to mark their birth year, and they originally confirmed their romance in 2020 - nine years after she first enlisted him to rap on her song Cockiness (pictured June 21)
A$AP - who hired attorney Joe Tacopina (R, pictured January 10) - is currently free on bond ahead of his criminal assault trial, which is scheduled to begin October 21
On January 8, Rocky (L, pictured November 20) plead not guilty to two counts of assault with a semi-automatic firearm stemming from a 2021 shooting of his longtime friend A$AP Relli
Meanwhile, Rihanna is next producing and voicing Smurfette in Paramount Animation's The Smurfs Movie - hitting UK/US theaters February 14, 2025 - along with writing and recording original songs (pictured in 2023) 
Meanwhile, the Puma collaborator is next producing and voicing Smurfette in Paramount Animation's The Smurfs Movie - hitting UK/US theaters February 14, 2025.
Fans who were hoping for another studio album will have to settle for her writing and recording a batch of original songs for the soundtrack.
Chris Miller and Matt Landon's animated film features a stacked cast of voice actor.
In addition to Rihanna, it stars Nick Offerman, Natasha Lyonne, JP Karliak, Dan Levy, Amy Sedaris, Nick Kroll, James Corden, Octavia Spencer, Hannah Waddingham, Sandra Oh, Alex Winter, Billie Lourd, Xolo Maridueña, Kurt Russell and John Goodman.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group