Bow. Down.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Paris Couture Week is in full swing, with designers like Maria Grazia Chiuri at Dior and Virginie Viard at Chanel showcasing their SS24 Couture Collections in the most magical and breathtaking way.
That said, we're seeing some pretty fabulous looks off the catwalk as well, all thanks to our favourite celebrities. Earlier this week, Zendaya and Jennifer Lopez made headlines as they attended the Schiaparelli show. Zendaya thanks to her bangs and JLo thanks to those iconic sculptural glasses.
Over at Dior, Rihanna not only turned heads in her black Dior cap, exaggerated jacket and pencil skirt, but also because of her adorable fangirling over Natalie Portman, also elegant in all-black Dior.
Also at the show, Kelly Rutherford, Elizabeth Debicki and Glenn Close made a case for all-white looks in beautiful tailored suits and skirts.
Across the cobbles at Chanel, Naomi Campbelle and Lucy Boynton proved tweed will always be a good idea. Keep scrolling for our favourite celebrity looks at Couture Fashion Week so far.
While last year Kylie Jenner divided opinion with her lion head dress, the verdict was unanimous this time round: Kylie's minimal aesthetic is a winner. Her sheer corset dress at Jean Paul Gaultier was minimal perfection, while her black strapless gown at Valentino was only enhanced by her feathered cape. Extra sartorial point for matching with daughter Stormi too.
Jennifer Lopez at Elie Saab
Zendaya at Fendi
Kylie Jenner at Jean Paul Gaultier by Simone Rocha
Kelly Rutherford at Ashi Studio
Cindy Kimberly
Kelly Rutherford at Jean Paul Gaultier by Simone Rocha
Jennifer Lopez at Valentino
Kylie Jenner and Stormi at Valentino
Jennifer Lopez at Schiaparelli
Sabrina Elba at Schiaparelli
Karlie Kloss at Schiaparelli
Philippine Leroy-Beaulieu at Schiaparelli
Zendaya at Schiaparelli
Xin Zhi Lei at Chanel
Anna Mouglalis at Chanel
Lucy Boynton at Chanel
Naomi Campbell at Chanel
Imani Selina at Chanel
Rihanna at Dior
Anya Taylor-Joy at Dior
Felicity Jones at Dior
Ali Wong at Dior
Glenn Close, Juliette Binoche, Ben Mendelsohn, Todd Kessler at Dior
Natalie Portman at Dior
Elizabeth Debicki at Dior
Kelly Rutherford at Dior
Kylie Jenner at Maison Margiela 
Celebrity news, beauty, fashion advice, and fascinating features, delivered straight to your inbox!
Penny Goldstone is the Contributing Fashion Editor at Marie Claire UK. She writes about catwalk trends and the latest high street and Instagram sartorial must-haves. She also helms the Women Who Win franchise. 
She has worked in fashion for over 10 years, contributing to publications such as Cosmopolitan, Red, Good Housekeeping, and Stylist.  

This year's theme promises to explore a meaningful conversation about fashion's history and the often overlooked narratives within it


Everything you need to know about the fashion houses Italian-inspired collection


Here's everything you need to know


The celebrity seal of approval


Here's what you should know


Its at the top of every collector’s wish list


Your backstage pass to Paris Fashion Week


Featuring a supermarket, beach and forest


Your backstage pass to Milan Fashion Week


Marie Claire UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.