A$AP Rocky opened up about his Fenty-fated relationship with Rihanna in his new cover story for W Magazine, which features exclusive photography by the Bajan beauty. Published on Oct. 8, the rapper and self-proclaimed “Fashion Killa,” shared insights into his love life and experiences as a father to their two children, Rza, 2, and Riot, 1. Throughout the feature, the New York native showcased some incredibly stylish outfits, including a custom Loewe jumpsuit, alongside pieces from Prada and Tiffany & Co.
Rocky is head over heels for Rihanna and when asked how he realized the megastar would be the mother of his kids, he gushed to W Magazine;
“I knew from when we were younger. We both did, I think. So it was only right when we got older. We just kind of reconnected.”
The joyful couple initially crossed paths in 2012, building a friendship that lasted for several years before their romance blossomed around 2019 or 2020, according to Rocky’s timeline. Reflecting on their first meeting, the rapper shared that they “locked eyes” outside a nightclub in that same year, where the singer came to his aid when a difficult bouncer denied him, the late Virgil Abloh, and a mutual friend entry.
“I was kicked out of this nightclub. They wasn’t giving me no access to it. This is when I’m just starting out, so nobody knows me,” he shared. “I was with Matthew Williams and Virgil. I was getting into it with the bouncers, and she came out. We just locked eyes. She didn’t even know us, but she was like, ‘Yo! Why y’all not letting him in? What’s wrong with you?! Let that man in!’”
Rocky and Rih have been hooked on each other’s love ever since, taking great pride in the family they’ve created together. The rapper spoke affectionately about his two boys, Rza and Riot – born in 2022 and 2023 respectively – highlighting how, despite their young age, they’ve begun to showcase their own distinct personalities.
“Riot’s an extrovert—he’s just like his mom. Rza is more so like his dad, like me. And he’s my twin. He got his mom’s forehead, but he got everything else from me. I love my boy’s big forehead! I loved it on his mother.” He continued, “I think Rza’s warming up to Riot.”
Rocky is enjoying life as a father and his parenting journey has deeply inspired his forthcoming full-length project Don’t Be Dumb which was slated for release in August, but was pushed back due to sample clearances and leaks according to the rapper’s X post published Aug. 22. Fatherhood has profoundly shaped his perspective on life, influencing his daily routine and even the type of music that resonates with him.
“That sh*t changed my swag,” he added. “I’m such a dad, it’s f**king hilarious. I haven’t been in the gym in weeks. I come home, my kids are already in bed, asleep. I leave, they still asleep. But the sacrifices we make to put out something substantial…”
Awww, we love to see it!
Read Rocky’s full feature with W Magazine here. 
RELATED CONTENT: Rihanna Is Turned On By A$AP Rocky’s Doting Daddy Duties, And We’re Here For It!

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital