Rihanna's Instagram lit up with discourse after the pop star joked she was going to "sneak into the polls" with her son's passport.
 Rihanna admittedly isn't able to vote in the 2024 presidential election, but she's still making sure her stance on the issues is heard loud and clear.

 After joking on Instagram that she would "sneak into the polls" Tuesday to vote using the passport of her son, an American citizen, the 36-year-old Barbadian pop icon clashed with a commenter who brought up issues of immigration.

 "Where were you in Jan 6 sis? Stick to your discounted crotch. We out here fighting for its rights!" Rihanna replied, referencing the deadly Jan. 6, 2021, Capitol insurrection after the responder used Rihanna's comments section to urge immigrants to "use the damn door" and speak out against celebrities sharing their views on such topics.

Anna Moneymaker/Getty; Kevin Mazur/Getty; SAUL LOEB/AFP via Getty
 “This is exactly why celebrities shouldn’t be posting their political opinions. How’re you gonna misguide your fans? Stick to music sis," the comment read.

 Earlier, Rihanna captioned her post with a plea for Americans to "#votecauseicant," and also shined a light on reproductive issues that have taken center stage throughout the 2024 election cycle.

 "When protecting p-----s and firing p-----s can happen all in one vote," Rihanna wrote.

 Rihanna isn't the only celebrity to have used her voice in recent days, as Vice President Kamala Harris' campaign enlisted support from a wide range of voices on the trail, including appearances by Michelle Obama, Oprah Winfrey, Lady Gaga, Katy Perry, Andra Day, Scarlett Johansson, Christina Aguilera, and more in key battleground states like Pennsylvania and Nevada.

 On the other side of the divide, Donald Trump's third bid for the White House has also drawn critical attention from pop culture figures — notably from the ladies of The View, who welcomed former Republican congresswoman Liz Cheney to the show on Monday to issue one final warning to Americans about electing Trump to a second-term presidency.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 "I’m speaking as a former senior aide to Donald Trump who knows him very well,” View cohost and former White House associate Alyssa Farah Griffin also told the audience during the episode, years after she worked for Trump and subsequently resigned from his administration to speak out against him. “This is the most important election of our lifetimes because he is the most dangerous man to have ever sat in the American presidency. He can not go back."

 See Rihanna's Instagram post above.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)