By 

	Miles Klee


	For reasons yet to be explained, a super PAC supporting Robert F. Kennedy Jr.‘s presidential campaign falsely advertised a forthcoming fundraiser featuring a performance from famed Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli and several other celebrity guests.

	At the end of December, the Daily Mail reported — citing unspecified “organizers” — that Kennedy’s campaign would throw a “multi-million dollar” fundraiser later this month for the anti-vax candidate in Indian Wells, a resort town in the California desert. Supposedly, this event would also double as a birthday party for the independent candidate, who turns 70 on Jan. 17. The article related that Bocelli would lend his voice for the evening, presumably to encourage guests to get out their checkbooks as they did when Covid-19 conspiracy theorist Eric Clapton played at a Brentwood, California, fundraiser for Kennedy in September, donating $2.2 million. Also slated to attend as “well-wishers,” the Mail claimed, were singer Dionne Warwick, actor Martin Sheen, and former boxing heavyweight champion Mike Tyson.

	










	The same day the Mail piece ran, Kennedy’s campaign staff seemed to confirm the details by sharing it on his website. The star-studded lineup was also touted by American Values 24, a pro-Kennedy super PAC, on X (formerly Twitter). But that post attracted the notice of Warwick, who on Wednesday refuted the notion that she would be taking part in the fundraiser. “I don’t know anything about this event,” she wrote. “I did not agree to it and I certainly won’t be there.” In a followup tweet, she shared an image of the inaccurate Mail headline bearing her name and joked, “This is absolutely ridiculous. If you are going to lie on my name, at least lie about something cool. ‘Revealed: Dionne collaborates with Rihanna on new album…'”
I don’t know anything about this event. I did not agree to it and I certainly won’t be there. https://t.co/h12mFFpdq6
This is absolutely ridiculous. If you are going to lie on my name, at least lie about something cool.“Revealed: Dionne collaborates with Rihanna on new album…” pic.twitter.com/Fve7W3Ikhl

	On Thursday, Sheen followed suit, clarifying in an Instagram Story that he wouldn’t be at the party and wasn’t endorsing Kennedy at all. A second Story following that one read, “I whole heartedly support @joebiden and the Democratic ticket for 2024.” The posts have been pinned to his Instagram profile in the “Highlights” section.





	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	







After @dionnewarwick speaks out, Martin Sheen confirms on his verified Instagram that he doesn't endorse RFK Jr pic.twitter.com/S9fifMDkj2

	Finally, a rep for Bocelli confirmed in an email to Rolling Stone that any reports of him performing at a Kennedy event were incorrect, and said that he will not even be in the U.S. this month. Representatives for Tyson did not immediately return a request for comment. 

	










	A member of Kennedy’s press team, in an email to Rolling Stone, wrote that the “Indian Wells fundraiser is a PAC event,” apparently referring to American Values 24, and therefore the campaign “doesn’t have anything to do” with organizing it. “The campaign has no knowledge of who is attending and can’t confirm or deny anyone’s participation, either as entertainment or as a guest,” the statement concluded. A question about why the campaign had advertised the attendance of Bocelli, Warwick, and Sheen on its own website went unanswered. American Values 24 did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

	At any rate, Kennedy voters who do show up at Indian Wells should be prepared for a gala without these particular talents in the mix. Still, for those hoping to spot a celebrity, actress Cheryl Hines — Kennedy’s wife — is more than likely to be on the guest list.   




	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	







We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.