A toga party. A masquerade ball. Rihanna’s first full concert in nearly eight years. A bespoke glass palace and a light show involving 5,500 drones.
All those elements and more have been just part of the warm-up for the July 12 to 14 wedding of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant, so it’s only understandable that all eyes are on the ultra-wealthy couple and what they have planned for the main event of the Ambani wedding.
Groom Anant Ambani, 29, is the son of Indian businessman Mukesh Ambani and Nita Ambani. The elder Ambani is the CEO of Reliance Industries, a conglomerate whose businesses include various energy, communications, textile, and chemical interests. With an estimated net worth of about $120 billion (as of July 3, 2024), the father of the groom is among the two wealthiest people in Asia, and the 11th-richest person in the world. In February, Disney merged its Indian operations with Reliance in a reported $8.5 billion deal.
Anant, who owns a percentage of Reliance, received a bachelor’s degree from Brown University in 2017. He has an older sister, Isha Ambani, and an older brother, Aakash Ambani. Anant is a non-executive director at Reliance. He sits on the board of the conglomerate’s Reliance Foundation, as well as the board of Reliance Industries itself, and he is also one of the directors of tech company Jio Platforms Limited. The youngest Ambani sibling has an estimated net worth of approximately $40 billion.
Bride Radhika Merchant, also 29, is the daughter of Shaila Merchant and Viren Merchant. Viren is the CEO of Encore Healthcare, while Shaila is one of the company’s managing directors. Radhika’s parents have an estimated net worth of approximately $90 million, according to the Times of India. Radhika graduated from New York University with a degree in political science and now sits on the board of directors at Encore. She is also a classically trained dancer.
Though the first photos of the two together appeared in 2018 (the same year they attended the wedding of Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra), Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant demonstrated the union of their families when they participated in a traditional Roka ceremony in December 2022 at the Shrinathji Temple in Nathdwara, Rajasthan. Their families issued a joint statement celebrating their commitment to one another.
“Anant and Radhika have known each other for a few years and today’s ceremony commences the formal journey of their marriage in the coming months,” the statement read. “Both families seek the blessings and good wishes of everyone for Radhika and Anant as they start their journey of togetherness.”
In January 2023, the couple had their Gol Dhana, a ceremony in which Merchant was symbolically welcomed into the Ambani home in Mumbai, and which marked their official engagement. The party that followed, Radhika told Vogue, was “unquestionably, the best night of my life.”
In an interview with India Today, Anant called Radhika the “person of my dreams” and said that she changed his perspective on wanting to get married.
“Since childhood, I had thought that I would never get married because I was always devoted to taking care of animals,” he said. “But when I met Radhika, I saw her sharing the same values as me. She has this sense of giving and nurturing towards animals.”
She was also by his side through health difficulties.
“Beyond that, Radhika has stood like a strong pillar of support during my difficult times, as I battled with health issues. Even my parents never made me feel like I was ill. Even when doctors gave up on certain things, they never did. Additionally, Radhika gave me strength.”
Radhika said that the two were introduced by mutual friends in 2017. “That first meeting just sparked something special between us, and it wasn’t long before we started dating,” she told Vogue.
The couple have held two lavish multi-day celebrations ahead of their July wedding festivities. The first was held from March 1 to 3 at the Ambani estate in Jamnagar, India, with some 1,200 guests invited. One of those guests was Rihanna, who performed her first full-length concert in nearly eight years to kick off the celebration (for a fee that has been estimated by various different outlets to have been anywhere between $6 and $9 million). Attendees such as Bill Gates, Hillary Clinton, Jared Kushner, Ivanka Trump, Karlie Kloss, and Mark Zuckerberg, as well as business power players, gathered to toast the couple and enjoy the show. Other entertainers reportedly included Akon, Punjabi musician Diljit Dosanjh, and magician David Blaine.
The weekend was planned over three months, with ​​Anant’s mother, Nita, recruiting Indian designer Manish Malhotra to be the affair’s creative director.
Before the weekend, a nine-page dress code for the various events was reportedly shared with guests, including guidance for a “jungle fever” look for one event involving the animal rescue the Ambanis founded, with invitees instructed to don their finest animal prints and comfortable shoes. To help attendees look their best, hair and makeup artists were on site, as well as Indian drapists. A cocktail party on the first night, for example, had an “evening in everland” theme. The fashion was as high as the spirits: Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, were reportedly quite taken with a $1 million Richard Mille watch sported by Anant one night, and among Radhika’s looks was a custom Versace gown.
A few days before guests arrived, the families provided meals to their community, feeding 51,000 people and spreading their wealth to their neighbors. During the celebration, guests enjoyed 500 different dishes created by 100 chefs throughout the three days. One memorable venue included a glass palace built for the occasion, meant to evoke the Brooklyn Botanic Garden’s Palm House, complete with a mini train that guests could ride. Following Rihanna’s performance, the couple stayed out until 7 a.m., Radhika said.
“I wanted to be fun, free, and young,” she told Vogue. “An Indian wedding is incomplete without a lot of dancing.”
The Ambani patriarch is no stranger to throwing a party: In 2018, when daughter Isha got married, he threw another star-studded pre-wedding bash, this one with a performance by Beyoncé. In 2019, for Akash’s pre-wedding in Switzerland, The Chainsmokers and Coldplay’s Chris Martin were among the performers at the celebrations.
But wait, there’s more! In late May, the couple and around 1,200 of their friends, family, and coworkers—including stylist Law Roach, who recently styled Isha for a Vogue India cover—boarded a cruise ship in Palermo, Italy, for a four-day trip, making stops throughout the Mediterranean.
“It was a retreat for the people that have contributed to our life in different ways,” Radhika told Vogue. “We had people from the ages of six months going up to 90 years.”
The themed celebrations and prestige entertainment were again present on the cruise: The Backstreet Boys gave a surprise concert, and one night called for a toga party dress code, a nod to the couple’s college origins. The boat was even decorated with banners of their respective alma maters, Brown and NYU. The DJ for the night? David Guetta, of course. Radhika’s toga was actually a custom 3D-carved and 3D-printed creation by designer Grace Ling, who enlisted the help of more than 30 artisans to craft the look. Nita Ambani, the mother of the groom, opted for a toga by Schiaparelli.
The ship stopped for an evening in Cannes, where guests enjoyed a masquerade ball and a surprise Katy Perry concert. A Pitbull concert followed upon reboarding.
In Portofino, celebrants were treated to a specially created open-air market for the night’s festivities, during which they were serenaded by Andrea Bocelli. The tenor performed “Love in Portofino” and “Can’t Help Falling in Love.”
“It was just the most magical evening,” Radhika told Vogue. “I had goosebumps.”
Oh, yeah, there’s still a wedding. Guests will gather in Mumbai for three days of ceremonies and celebration spanning from July 12 to July 14. The dates were chosen as especially auspicious based on the couple's birth charts. Details of what is sure to be a spectacle are under wraps, but videos of the couple’s elaborate wedding invitations are a hint at the lavish revelry ahead.
Invitees received a large lacquered red box, a sort of mini-armoire, which revealed a detailed silver mandir when opened, as well as another small box with gold idols of Hindu gods including Lord Ganesha and Radha Krishna. When the doors opened, the box played mantras. The invitation also held another box with dried fruits and sweets, a hand-written note from the couple, and a delicate embroidered shawl. The couple hand-delivered the invitations to what is sure to be the wedding of the year to certain VIPs.
Ahead of the wedding itself and with the two blowout pre-wedding weekends behind her, Radhika expressed her gratitude and excitement, telling Vogue that planning is “going great” and that she’s “very excited to be married.”
“I recognize that this is a privilege few people experience, and I truly feel blessed,” she said of the celebrations. “I hope that our wedding will bring global attention to Vantara, the largest animal rehabilitation center in the world, a project that my husband and I hold very close in our hearts.”
As the calendar finally flips to the weekend of July 12, luminaries from the worlds of business, tech, Hollywood, Bollywood, politics, and more are rolling into Mumbai for the wedding events. Justin Bieber performed for the couple at their Sangeet ceremony the week ahead of the final festivities, serenading the crowd with his hits and documenting the experience in several posts to his Instagram account.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Guests such as former U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry are on the invite list, as are former U.K. prime ministers Boris Johnson and Tony Blair. American reality stars Kim Kardashian and sister Khloe Kardashian posted footage of themselves in Mumbai preparing to attend the wedding, including a video they shot traveling in a rickshaw and being accompanied to their hotel room by an entourage that included live flute music and aarti thali trays. On Friday, as the wedding ceremonies were set to begin, the Kardashian sisters revealed their outfits: A cherry red ensemble for Kim, and a gold and white look, completed by plenty of jeweled accessories, for Khloe. Kim revealed on her Instagram Stories that they had camera crews in tow: “We're just so happy to be lucky enough to travel the world together!” she wrote next to a snap of the sisters holding hands and beaming. “And duh we're filming The Kardashians too so you guys can see Kim and Khloe Take India.”
Actor John Cena, too, was accounted for at the first day of the Ambani wedding celebrations. He mugged for the cameras in a baby blue ensemble. Pals Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra Jonas, whose wedding Anant and Radhika attended together as a couple in 2018, also donned their finest traditional attire—head to toe pale pink for him, including his shoes, and an intricately beaded marigold lehenga for her—to arrive, beaming, at the wedding ceremony. RRR star Alia Bhatt stunned in a vintage vivid pink silk saree that is reportedly 160 years old, featuring a border detail made of 99% pure silver and approximately 6 grams of real gold.
Audiences are also waiting to see who Anant and Radhika have booked as entertainment to follow up all the big-name performers at their assorted pre-wedding festivities. Superstars Adele, Drake, and Lana Del Rey have all been thrown around as rumored potential headliners for the weekend, but only time will tell who takes the stage at the lavish celebrations.
Creative director Malhotra, speaking to Vanity Fair ahead of the wedding, remained coy on specifics about names on the guest and entertainment lists.
“Rest assured that the guest list will be as illustrious as it is exclusive, reflecting the stature and significance of this extraordinary celebration,” he said. He did, however, confirm custom designs for “several” boldface names at the wedding, underlining the ultra-luxurious, trendsetting expectations for the weekend's fashion: “Expect exquisite lehengas, signature sequined sarees, and other timeless silhouettes embracing the essence of tradition.”
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
Trump’s Lies Are Finally Catching Up to Him
The UK Has Found Another Reason to Be Mad at Meghan Markle
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
Why Are Americans So Obsessed With Protein? Blame MAGA.
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment