By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:27, 18 July 2024   |  Updated:  16:47, 21 July 2024   
 8
View  comments
Rihanna announce one of her most high-profile deals to date for her Fenty Beauty line on Thursday just days before the start of the 2024 Paris Olympics.
The 36-year-old singer-turned-fashion mogul posted a humorous photoshopped image to X (formerly Twitter) to announce that her cosmetics brand had inked a deal with the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
She wrote: 'tried to tell yall....we outside all 2024!!! PROUD to announced that @FentyBeauty is a premium partner of the Olympic AND Paralympic Games baby!!!'
To celebrate the news, she included a photo that had originally featured her and her partner A$AP Rocky walking hand in hand with the Eiffel Tower — which bore the iconic Olympic rings — in the background.
But Rihanna — who had attended multiple Paris Fashion Week shows with the rapper in June — replaced her love in the photo with the massive tube of a lustrous red Fenty Beauty product.
Rihanna posted a humorous photoshopped image to X (formerly Twitter) on Thursday to announce her cosmetics brand Fenty Beauty had inked a deal with the Olympic and Paralympic Games
The brand, which she founded in 2017, would now be a 'premium' partner with the games, which will begin next week in Paris; pictured in Paris on June 21
It also carried an illustrated glass of red wine, like ASAP did in the original.
One fan recognized the original photo and posted them side by side for a laugh, showing had Rocky had been ditched for the announcement.
Although Rihanna definitely spent plenty of her time in Paris in June attending PFW events, it's unclear if she may have been negotiating elements of the deal with the Olympics business team during her trip overseas.
Her Fenty Beauty line was instantly popular after debuting in 2017, with customers and critics applauding it for catering to a broader array of skin tones than many of its more-established competitors.
At the time of its launch, Fenty's foundation featured an impressive 40 shades, but it has since expanded to include 50 different shades, which has made the makeup particularly popular for people of color.
The brand — which is named after its founder, Robyn Rihanna Fenty — got one of its most high-profile spots to date at the 2023 Super Bowl, when Rihanna made a rare solo performance at the halftime show.
During the show, she paused to conspicuously touch up her makeup with her own Fenty products, and the brand was reported to have earned more than $5 million in sales in the hours immediately after the broadcast.
In 2021, Forbes declared that Rihanna had officially become a billionaire thanks to her business acumen. 
Rihanna😭😭😭😭 pic.twitter.com/s54DGmy7Id
Rihanna was in Paris in June to support her partner A$AP Rocky and attend PFW events. It's not clear if she did any negotiation for her Olympics deal at the time; pictured June 21 in Paris
The Work songstress shares two sons with the 35-year-old rapper: RZA, two, and Riot, who will turn one in August 
Last week, Rocky teased a new song that will appear on his upcoming fourth studio album Don't Be Dumb — out on August 30 — which features vocals by little RZA; seen June 21 in Paris
Fenty Beauty comprised a large portion of her fortune, as it was worth around $2.8 billion at the time, and smart business negotiations meant that the pop superstar owned half of that, around $1.4 billion in value. 
During her time in Paris in June, Rihanna was looking her most glamorous, but she has been showing off her street style bona fides during appearances this week in New York City, including during appearances with A$AP Rocky.
The Work songstress shares two sons with the 35-year-old rapper: RZA, two, and Riot, who will turn one in August.
Last week, Rocky teased a new song that will appear on his upcoming fourth studio album Don't Be Dumb — out on August 30 — which features vocals by little RZA.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group