Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
From sci-fi to comedy, there's a Rihanna movie here for every kind of fan
Rihanna is a lot of things: a singer, a fashion icon, a beauty mogul, a mother of two. But, did you forget that she’s also an actor?
Indeed, Rihanna has graced the big screen on a number of occasions throughout her decades-spanning career, from doing voice work on the animated film Home to starring alongside Sandra Bullock and Anne Hathaway in Ocean’s Eight.
Want to catch up on the superstar’s filmography? Luckily for you, Bazaar has rounded up all of her best films below. Keep scrolling to see them all. 
For the third installment of the Bring It On cheerleading franchise, Rihanna plays herself as different cheerleading teams compete for a chance to perform in her “Pon de Replay” music video. Her other 2000s hit single, “SOS,” is also featured in the movie. 
Watch
The singer made her feature film debut in Battleship, a sci-fi action flick based off of the popular board game of the same name. Starring alongside Taylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgård, and Brooklyn Decker, Rihanna plays Petty Officer Cora ‘Weps’ Raikes, a weapons specialist working on the USS John Paul Jones who helps combat an impending alien invasion. 
Watch
Rihanna joins James Franco, Jonah Hill, Seth Rogen, and a bevy of other A-listers who play themselves for this apocalyptic horror-comedy. The movie follows the celebrities as they try to survive an eery disaster that has decimated most of Los Angeles. But, Rihanna's scene-stealing cameo came during a house party scene. Memorably, she “smacked the fucking shit out of” Michael Cera in response to him slapping her bottom. The Juno actor later fondly recalled the moment to Rolling Stone: “I encouraged her to do it, though. I wanted her to hit me really hard.”
Watch
We may not see Rihanna in Home, but we do hear her. The Grammy winner makes her voice acting debut in this kids’ sci-fi comedy flick. She plays Tip Tucci, a young girl who befriends an alien outcast named Oh, voiced by Jim Parsons. Other cast members of note include Steve Martin and Jennifer Lopez.
Watch
Rihanna's cinematic affinity for aliens continued with a supporting role in sci-fi film, Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets, which also starred Cara Delevingne and Dane DeHaan. Rihanna plays Bubble, a alien who pulls off an otherworldly cabaret-like performance thanks to her shape-shifting capabilities.
Watch
Gary Ross's spin-off of the Ocean's heist series assembles a jaw-dropping all-star cast that included the likes of Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Anne Hathaway, Mindy Kaling, Sarah Paulson, Awkwafina, and Helena Bonham Carter. Among these screen-savvy women, Rihanna returned to Hollywood to play Leslie “Nine Ball,” a hacker who helps the team pull off a robbery of a $150 million Cartier necklace.
Watch
Donald Glover shares the screen with Rihanna in this musical dramedy. They play Deni and Kofi, a couple who lives on the fictional Guava Island. Deni, a musician, plans to throw a music festival for their small community in order to encourage others to rise up against the tyrannical Red family, who pockets the wealth of the island's main export (blue silk) while forcing everyone else to labor in sweatshops. Meanwhile, Kofi dreams of leaving Guava Island altogether, but is unsure if Deni will follow after her.
Watch
30 Essential Mother’s Day Movies
The 55 Best Shows on Hulu
Sarah Catherine Hook on Her First Chanel Show 
The 20 Best Movie Series of All Time
The 18 Best Korean Movies Streaming Now
The 29 Best Binge-Worthy HBO Shows 
A Brief History of Black Vampires in Pop Culture
Inside the Costumes of On Swift Horses
All About Sunrise on the Reaping
Inside the Deeply Southern Style of Sinners
“The Summer I Turned Pretty” Returns This July 
Charlotte Gainsbourg Leaps Into the Light
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.