Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Justin Bieber had the crowd going wild during his pre-wedding performance.
July 9 2024, Published 7:00 p.m. ET
Justin Bieber is walking away with a handsome paycheck after taking the stage to perform for the youngest son of Mukesh Ambani and his fiancée at an extravagant pre-wedding event, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
The chart-topping crooner did a live rendition of his hottest hits including "What Do You Mean?" and "Love Yourself" as seen in videos he posted from the electrifying set.
The chart-topping crooner did a live rendition of his hottest hits including "What Do You Mean?" and "Love Yourself" as seen in videos he posted from the electrifying set.
Fans were going wild over Bieber's appearance at the soiree after the singer jetted to India for the highly anticipated gig.
The singer was claimed to be paid a staggering $14 million to perform a one-hour set ahead of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant's nuptials this weekend, according to India Times.
Anant and Merchant are set to marry in a romantic ceremony in Mumbai on July 12, which will surely be an event to remember.
Bieber was all smiles in photos from the event.
Billionaire tycoon Mukesh, the chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries, is the wealthiest person in India with a massive net worth of $124 billion, per Forbes.
Bieber is among the stars who were recruited for entertaining guests ahead of the nuptials. Just months ago, Rihanna performed her first full-length concert in years at the couple's first pre-wedding party in March. 
Rihanna also has an impressive net worth herself sitting at $1.4 billion, thanks to her successful singing career, popular cosmetics line, and lingerie.
Bieber is among the stars who were recruited for entertaining guests ahead of the nuptials.
Punjabi music star Diljit Dosanjh, who recently appeared on Jimmy Fallon's talk show, and magician David Blaine also performed at the March event.
The Barbadian bombshell had the crowd jamming out as she belted out the lyrics to her hits "Work," "B---- Better Have My Money" and "All of the Lights."
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
She also gave a special shout-out to the lovebirds before performing "We Found Love."
The couple even had the honor of their union being celebrated by the songbird who said in a video posted on TikTok, "We're here tonight in honor of Anant. Thank you for having me here. God bless your union. I wish you all the best. Congratulations."
Fans raised alarm about Justin's rail-thin figure when he traveled to India in July.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
"How many of you believe in love? Make some noise for love," Rihanna added as the attendees cheered on in approval.
It appears the star-studded lineup is not yet over as BBC reported there are rumors Adele will be the performer this weekend.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.