What are we calling this? Slaytex? Billionaire singer-mogul-actor (don’t forget about Battleship) Rihanna blessed the nation of China with her presence over the weekend, attending luxury outerwear brand Moncler’s The City of Genius event at the end of Shanghai Fashion Week, and she did it in style.
For the event, Rih wore a red flight-suit-style one-piece with a kind of shrug on her arms, styled with a messy topknot and oversized sunglasses. She added a diamond necklace and black stiletto mules, and matched her beauty to her outfit with red lips and nails. It’s the kind of thing one might wear skiing in the year 3300 or as a sexy Red Ranger. The shoes, though? The versatile heeled mules could just as easily be worn at the office, on a date, or with a casual T-shirt-and-denim combo.
During the dinner portion of the event (apparently called Genius Dinner and held…maybe the same day?), Rihanna reunited with her Ocean’s 8 costar Anne Hathaway and wore a different pair of oversized goggles. And hopefully complimented Annie’s ass again.
Honestly, it reminds us of the red bodysuit Britney Spears wore in the “Oops…I Did It Again” video, not because they look so so alike but because that red bodysuit has become the red bodysuit to end all red bodysuits in our millennial minds.
Actually, this isn’t even the first time she’s done this, “this” meaning “dress like Britney in the ‘Oops’ video in China.” During a trip to Shanghai in May 2024 for her Fenty Beauty brand, Rihanna wore a tight, bright red dress with a mock turtleneck that made us flash immediately on the video above.
After revolutionizing pregnancy style and mixing sheer and oversized pieces for the past couple years, Rihanna has been on a skintight kick lately, stepping out in New York in a custom LaQuan Smith that harkens back to the days of the Hervé Léger bandage dress. Bodycon is back.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices