By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:52, 15 August 2024   |  Updated:  21:40, 29 August 2024   
 162
View  comments
Rihanna was seen in new provocative poses for her fresh Savage X Fenty collection.
On Thursday, the Diamonds singer was seen in a black lace bra and thong underwear set with a racy garter belt and thigh-high stockings.
The songbird wore her hair blonde as she was beautifully made up in caramel tones. 'Laced. the #BoldLace collection just dropped on SavageX.com and @nordstrom,' read the caption.
The partner of A$AP Rocky - together they  have two children, Rza and Riot - was also seen with her butt showing in her very daring thong. Another shot focused on her cleavage.
Fans went into meltdown over how sexy she looked in the images.
Brian maskell gushed: 'Wow you have got body to die for #RiRi❤️❤️❤️❤️ WHAT A LOVELY BUM.' 
'Rihanna aged like wine, and after RZA and RIOT’s pregnancy she became hotter,' wrote LucNavy in the comments section. Fan Augusta added, 'Mother is mothering.'
Rihanna was seen in new provocative poses for her fresh Savage X Fenty collection which has been rolled out on social media this week
On Thursday, the Diamonds singer was seen in a black lace bra and thong underwear set with a racy garter belt and thigh-high stockings
This follower named Alphabarcelone got flirty: 'She got a husband?'
A fan named Xijyax wanted less sexy and more music: 'Drop the album not the panties (u got asf tho).' Antonyobrister then said: 'I’m not breathing till you drop the album bro.'
The 36-year-old stunning singer  — who was recently spotted on a loved-up stroll with her boyfriend A$AP Rocky — announced her new line of Savage X Fenty earlier this month.
Last week her commercial dropped: She starred in a video that was taken in a building as she made use of the garage, elevator and an office room with a large window. 
'We want you to feel sexy and have fun doing it,' wrote the songbird in another caption.
The music hitmaker was seen in a leopard print bra, which she almost spilled out of.
She also had on nude toned lingerie under a fur coat.
Striking a series of pinup poses, the Umbrella hitmaker looked every inch the sexy pop star.
She maintained her trademark raven tresses, letting them flow freely, while complementing her look with black high heels and a dazzling array of jewelry.
The songbird wore her hair blonde as she was beautifully made up in caramel tones. The partner of A$AP Rocky - together they have two children, Rza and Riot - was also seen with her butt showing in her very daring thong
 Fans went into meltdown over how sexy she looked in the images. 'Rihanna aged like wine, and after RZA and RIOT’s pregnancy she became hotter,' wrote LucNavy in the comments section. Fan Augusta added, 'Mother is mothering'
This comes after news that Savage X Fenty announced the appointment of Vanessa Wallace as its new chief marketing officer, a role she will take up from her base in Los Angeles and for which she will report to CEO Hillary Super.
Wallace will oversee brand and product marketing, as well as media, creative, membership and global communications.
Wallace joins the company following a 19-year tenure at Nike.
She is described by Savage X Fenty as having an 'impressive track record of driving brand strength and revenue growth through authentic and innovative storytelling.'
Rihanna has put her music on the back burner to focus on being a mother. 
This follower named Alphabarcelone got flirty: 'She got a husband?' A fan named Xijyax wanted less sexy and more music: 'Drop the album not the panties (u got asf tho).' Antonyobrister then said: 'I’m not breathing till you drop the album bro'
The 36-year-old stunning singer — who was recently spotted on a loved-up stroll with her boyfriend A$AP Rocky — announced her new line of Savage X Fenty last week
'We want you to feel sexy and have fun doing it,' wrote the songbird in another caption
The chart-topping singer and partner A$AP Rocky are parents to sons RZA and Riot. 
Rihanna and A$AP - real name Rakim Mayers - were friends for many years and also worked together before they fell in love four years ago and started having a family.
Rocky opened for the U.S. leg of Rihanna's Diamonds World Tour in 2013. Rihanna also starred in his Fashion Killa music video in the same year.
By November 2020, an insider revealed to People that the longtime friends had officially become an item.
In an interview with GQ in 2021, Rocky said Rihanna was 'the love of [his] life' and 'the one'.
Last week the Diamonds singer was seen in a leopard print bra and underwear from the line as it went on sale
'If that's in my destiny, absolutely,' he said about becoming a father. 'Nah, but like, I think I'd be an incredible, remarkably, overall amazing dad.'
She told Vogue in April 2022 that she was not really planning to have kids with the singer right away.
'I always thought it would be marriage first, then a baby, but who the f*** says it has to be that way,' she said. 'I'm certainly not gonna let that get in the way of me being a mom.'
A year later she said being a mom was 'legendary,' adding, 'It's everything. You really don't remember life before, that's the craziest thing ever.'
A source told People last year that the star is really taking to being a parent and is hands-on. 'Rihanna loves being a mom. She is obsessed with her baby boy,' shared the insider. The insider also said Rocky is 'very involved as well and a great dad.'
She also said to Vogue: '[There's] not much balance. But everything is stimulating. Everything right now is firing off. I'm excited. It's getting me super motivated, super energized to do new things, to create And I'm back in the studio and now we're going to be back on stage for the Super Bowl, which is just crazy that I even agreed to that, but I am, and I'm excited.'
She added: 'Of course being a new mom is insane. It is lovely. It is epic, honestly.'
That is def not her body, we saw her real body in ...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group