The family that slays together stays together. For the latest campaign for her Savage X Fenty line, Rihanna didn’t look far for male models. She enlisted her longtime boyfriend (maybe husband?) A$AP Rocky and their son, RZA, and the pictures prove that rizz runs in the family.
In the first shot, baby RZA sits atop his dad’s shoulders, calmly poking his tongue out. Both boys wear black tanks and boxers from Classics collection. In the second picture, RZA peeks over his dad’s shoulder, and you can see that Rocky’s hair is braided such that it says “DAD” on the back of his neck.
Check ’em both out here. There’s also a pic of the rapper flexing, solo, which is just hot.
This isn’t the first time Rih has made her family the face of her brand. In August 2023, Savage X Fenty introduced its first line of maternity wear and items for postpartum moms, and Rihanna demonstrated one of the nursing bras by posing with baby RZA at her breast.
At the time, the singer was pregnant with the couple’s second child, a boy they named Riot Rose.
In April, Rihanna opened up about her expanding brood in Interview magazine, revealing that she will have “as many [kids] as God wants me to have.”
She continued, “I don’t know what God wants, but I would go for more than two. I would try for my girl. But of course if it’s another boy, it’s another boy.”
As is clearly evident from the loving pictures, the billionaire mogul is thrilled to be raising kids with A$AP Rocky. Becoming a family “was the best thing that ever happened to us…in previous relationships, I tried and tried and tried my best, and you still feel like it’s not enough. So when someone sees you completely, and believes in you, and thinks you’re worthy of being the mother of their kids, it’s a great feeling. I felt the same about him. I knew he would be a great dad.”
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices