The multihyphenate star continues to make waves as the queen of all things luxury, fashion, and beauty.
Source: Stephane Cardinale – Corbis / Getty
Here comes Rihanna with another one – another iconic beauty business move that is.
Rihanna has been named the new face of Christian Dior’s iconic fragrance, J’Adore. She succeeds Charlize Theron, who has been the perfume’s celebrity spokesperson for decades. 
Ri Ri is the first Black woman to hold the title.
J’Adore, which translates to “I adore” in French, has been a renowned scent for over two decades. It is known for its empowering, carefree, and joyful spirit. Old-school glamour girls know of J’Adore.
Rihanna discussed the perfume’s history and importance in a Women’s Wear Daily  statement: “The scent that I have known and loved for so long means so much to women. I am especially looking forward to joining this adventure and contributing to it through my world, my story, my roots, as well as my creativity and my own femininity.”
The new J’Adore job isn’t Rihanna’s first foray into the world of Dior.  She is a fan of the brand and worked with them on an eyewear line in 2016.  This new chapter takes their partnership to a new level, solidifying Rihanna’s status as a global fashion icon.
Source: Vanni Bassetti / Getty
RELATED: She Has Arrived! Rihanna Shuts Down Cannes In Dior Gown
The “Umbrella” singer dropped her first official editorial shot with the brand on Tuesday, June 18, to mark the historic beauty moment. The Instagram uploaded image features the Bajan beauty in a fit fans should recognize. The singer already turned heads while wearing it to the brand’s Haute Couture show during Paris Fashion Week in January 2024.
In the photo, Ri Ri is clad in all black and surrounded by a dark-shaded background. She wears an off-the-shoulder textured puffer jacket, black leather gloves, and a black hat. Her accessories – oversized shades and a diamond necklace – add even more mystery and glamour.
“Parfums Christian Dior is truly delighted to welcome icon Rihanna, whose wide-ranging talents, remarkable beauty, and universal appeal now embody the world of J’adore,” captioned Rihanna’s fashion flick on Instagram. Since Tuesday, the post has received more than 238,000 likes and 1,000 comments.
News of Rihanna’s new Dior partnership follows her fabulous Fenty Hair launch in Los Angeles on June 11. The multihyphenate continues to make waves as the queen of all things luxury, fashion, and beauty.
We can’t wait to see what’s next.
RELATED
Rihanna Rocks Her Natural Hair Ahead Of Fenty Hair Launch
House Of Rihanna: Our Favorite Bajan Beauty Releases Second Collaboration With Dior


Rihanna Makes History As The New Face Of Christian Dior’s J’Adore 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.