By NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  13:20, 8 June 2024   |  Updated:  19:47, 8 June 2024   
 11
View  comments
Dating a friend's former partner, or hooking up with the ex of your spouse's new love interest might read like the plot to a Hollywood film.
But it's part and parcel of dating for celebrities who appear to have no qualms - or shame - when it comes to obliterating friendships in favor of swapping partners.  
From Tom Cruise's ex-wife Katie Holmes dating his pal Jamie Foxx, to Drake's ex-girlfriend Rihanna having children with his collaborator A$AP Rocky, when it comes to love, nothing is off limits for celebrities.
Canadian superstar Shania Twain found herself at the center of a heartbreaking 'spouse swap' when her then-husband Robert 'Mutt' Lange had an affair with her former best friend, Marie-Anne, with the pair going on to say 'I do.'
But in a twist more familiar in fiction, Shania fell in love with Frédéric Thiébaud- Marie-Anne's ex husband.  
Shania Twain famously found love with Frédéric (pictured 2019) -  whose wife stole her husband - proving that celebs don't play by the rules when it comes to dating a friend's ex 
It was a similar affair for former GMA presenters TJ Holmes and Amy Robach, who made headlines when their scandalous affair was exposed in November 2022.
A year after it was revealed that the anchors had started dating while both still legally married, it came to light that their respective exes Marilee Fiebig and Andrew Shue had struck up their own relationship.
Here, DailyMail.com looks back at the celebrities who have watched their former partners go on to begin a romance with one of their friends. 
Shania Twain, 58: Her ex-husband, Robert 'Mutt' Lange, cheated with and went on to marry her former best friend, Marie-Anne
Shania Twain, 58, wed music producer Robert 'Mutt' Lange, 75, back in 1993 - after he heard her original songs from her debut album.
He offered to work with her and the pair cultivated a relationship on the phone for months before their fateful first meeting in June 1993 at Nashville's Fan Fair.
They went on to welcome son Eja, in 2001.
However, cracks started to appear in the marriage. They moved to Switzerland for a simpler life away from the limelight after her career sky-rocketed and she became a best selling cross-over artist.
Shania and Marie-Anne met when the latter was employed as Robert's assistant and interpreter, and they soon became close friends. 
Shania wed music producer Robert 'Mutt' Lange back in 1993 - pictured together in 2003
Shania and Marie-Anne met when the latter was employed as Robert's assistant and interpreter, and they soon became close friends 
Shania found out about their affair the day after he asked her for a divorce. 
'I was ready to die', she wrote in her memoir From This Moment On, admitting she barely ate or slept.
Shania ended up marrying Marie-Anne's ex-husband Frédéric (pictured together in 2018)
She revealed she even wrote an email to Marie-Anne to beg for her husband back writing: 'I am dying, and I can't take it any more. This is killing me. Have mercy'.
But although she pleaded - she never got an explanation or any details about the relationship from either party.
What had made the pain worse is that she had confided in Marie-Anne about their marital troubles and her fears that she thought Robert was having an affair.
But Marie-Anne dismissed Shania's concerns and told her she had nothing to worry about, making her feel 'foolish' for even suggesting it.
Marie-Anne's husband Frédéric Thiébaud was the one to finally tell Shania the truth.
He informed her that he had found phone bills, hotel information and receipts and had remembered seeing a garter belt and lingerie in luggage for a trip she was taking to be 'alone.'
But in what has turned out to be a 'twisted' piece of irony, Shania and Marie-Anne's ex-husband turned to each other during their time of need, finding friendship which turned into love.
The couple eventually married in January 2011 in an intimate beach ceremony in Puerto Rico - six months after Shania's divorce was finalized.
Tom Cruise, 61: His ex-wife, Katie Holmes, went on to date his former costar Jamie Foxx
Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes had been one of Hollywood's biggest couples before they divorced in 2012 after five years of marriage (pictured in 2006)
Just one year later, rumors of a romance between Katie and Tom's Collateral co-star Jamie Foxx started to swirl. The pair dated on-and-off until 2019 (pictured together in May 2019)
Tom Cruise, 61, and Katie Holmes, 45, were one of Hollywood's biggest couples, tying the knot in a 2006 Scientologist ceremony in Italy, just months after welcoming their daughter Suri. 
On June 29, 2012, the pair announced they were going to divorce after five years of marriage - with sources at the time claiming Katie felt intimidated by the Church and its influence.
Just one year later, rumors of a romance between Katie and actor Jamie Foxx started to circulate.
It came as a surprise to some as Jamie, 56, and Tom had starred together in the 2004 thriller, Collateral, and were believed to have remained good friends afterwards.
Another two years went by before sources claimed the pair had been seeing each other for that whole time - reportedly even using disguises to keep the romance private.
It was then reported that they spent birthdays together, with Jamie meeting Katie's mother Kathleen while Katie hung out with his daughter Corinne.  
In January 2018, the pair finally made a public appearance together at Clive Davis' Pre-Grammy Gala in NYC.
Though they didn't walk the red carpet together, Jamie and Katie sat together inside.
That August, wedding rumors ran wild when Katie was seen wearing a diamond ring on her engagement finger. A rep later explained that the jewelry was simply for a film.
In May 2019, the pair attended the Met Gala together and seemed ready to show more of the relationship to the public.
But by August 2019, pictures of Jamie with another woman confirmed their romance was over.
The actress reportedly initiated the split and was said to have been heard telling a friend: 'What Jamie does is his business — we haven’t been together for months.'
Reba McEntire, 69: Her ex-husband, Narvel Blackstock, went on to marry her former close friend, Laura Stroud
Country star Reba McEntire was devastated when her husband of 26 years, Narvel Blackstock, revealed he wanted a divorce in 2015 (pictured in April 2015)
Narvel began dating real estate agent, Laura Stroud - who had been one of the couple's good friends - and the pair are now married (pictured in 2023)
Country star Reba McEntire, 69, was devastated when her husband of 26 years, Narvel Blackstock, 67, revealed he wanted a divorce back in 2015.
'The divorce was not my idea,' she later admitted in an interview with iHeartRadio station CMT Radio Live. 'I didn't want it in any shape, form or fashion. So it was really hard to make the adjustment.' 
The knocks kept coming after it was then revealed that Narvel had started dating real estate agent, Laura Stroud - who had been one of their friends, frequently appearing on Reba's social media accounts when the trio spent time together.
The women attended a Katy Perry concert together, and Reba shared a happy photo of them wearing colorful wigs to the show on Instagram. 
After the discovery of the pair's relationship made headlines in 2016, Narvel and Laura continued dating and tied the knot in April 2024.
The wedding reportedly took place at The Hermitage in Nashville, Tennessee.
Reba and Narvel's son, Shelby, 34, was in attendance as well as Blake Shelton who did the honors of marrying Narvel and Laura while his wife Gwen Stefani watched on.
After Reba's split from Narvel, she found love again with current boyfriend, Rex Linn, whom she has been dating since 2020.
T.J. Holmes, 46, and Amy Robach, 51: Their former spouses Andrew and Marilee found love with each other after 'affair scandal'
T.J. Holmes and Amy Robach made international headlines after their relationship was exposed by DailyMail.com in 2022, while they were both still married (pictured in 2024)
In December 2023, it was revealed that Amy's ex-husband Andrew Shue was dating T.J's ex-wife Marilee Fiebig
Former Good Morning America co-hosts Amy Robach, 51, and T.J. Holmes, 46, made international headlines after their relationship was exposed by DailyMail.com in 2022.
The news that the then-GMA3 anchors had fallen for each other after years of friendship came as a shock to viewers, especially since the pair were still legally married to their partners Andrew Shue and Marilee Fiebig at the time that the news was revealed.
The two couples had hung out as friends - T.J. seen with his arm on Andrew's shoulder
One year later, it was revealed that their former spouses had struck up an unlikely romance after bonding over the 'traumatic experience' of their very public - and messy - breakups. 
Marilee's divorce with T.J. was reportedly settled in October, while Andrew and Amy finalized their split in March. 
Marilee, an attorney, and Andrew, best known for his role as Billy Campbell in 90s soap opera Melrose Place, have been enjoying a romance since summer 2023. According to those close to them, the couple have seamlessly become, 'bigger than the affair' and feel completely 'connected on their values.'
Sources claim that Amy and T.J. were 'furious' when news of their exes' relationship broke on the day that The Amy and T.J. Podcast launched on iHeart last year.
Months later, sources say that Marilee and T.J. are 'fully committed' to each other, while T.J. and Amy are allegedly still tiptoeing around where their relationship is headed. 
Blac Chyna, 36: Her former fiancée, Tyga, went on to date her friend Kim Kardashian's younger sister, Kylie Jenner 
Blac Chyna surprised the world when she went public with Kylie Jenner's half-brother, Rob Kardashian, in January 2016. The pair eventually called it quits in 2017
It came after Tyga and Kylie (pictured in 2016), who was 17 years old at the time, went official with their relationship in March 2015 - shortly after his split from Chyna
Blac Chyna, 36, first found international fame during her relationship with rapper Tyga, 34, between 2011 and 2014.
However the reality star, who is now using her birth name Angela White, became a hot topic of conversation when her romance with the hitmaker came to a surprise end. 
Around the time the former couple - who share son King Cairo, 11 - called it quits, speculation started swirling that the Rack City hitmaker left her for teenage reality star Kylie Jenner, 26.
Tyga and Kylie - who was 17 years old at the time - soon became an official couple and went public with their romance less than a year later in March 2015.  
But far from having little to no interactions with the Kardashian-Jenner family, she surprised the world - by dating Kylie's brother Rob Kardashian. 
The former stripper made headlines after she went public with Rob, 37, in January 2016.
Ultimately, the relationship came to an end later that year after the birth of their daughter, Dream, seven.
Heather Locklear, 62: Her ex-husband, Richie Sambora, went on to date her former friend, Denise Richards
Heather Locklear split from her rocker husband Richie Sambora after 11 years of marriage in 2006
Denise Richards and Richie were spotted holding hands at an airport shortly after the divorce and they went on to date for a year
Heather Locklear, 62, and Denise Richards, 53, became friends after meeting through Denise's then-husband Charlie Sheen while he was filming hit sitcom, Spin City, with Heather.
Ultimately, Denise and Charlie's relationship came to an end in 2005. 
Just one year later, Heather also split from her rocker husband Richie Sambora after 11 years of marriage. The pair share daughter Ava Sambora, 26.
Things took a turn when Denise and Richie were spotted holding hands at an airport shortly after he had divorced Heather. 
Denise was still going through her divorce from Charlie, 58, and the pair became close while navigating their public splits at the same time.
The actress has since added that she and Richie started bonding in the wake of Richie's father's cancer diagnosis while Denise's mom was also going through the same.
She told People in 2007: 'My mother has cancer and Richie’s father has cancer. It’s hard. Thank God Richie and I have each other not only to go through divorce, but to go through both our parents being ill.'
Denise also addressed speculation that she caused the rift between Richie and Heather and insisted that she did not 'steal' him from her former friend.
'It's been tough having people think that I’m such a crappy friend,' she added: 'I did not steal someone’s husband.'
The actor continued: 'Did I date a former friend’s ex-husband? Yes. Did I break up a marriage? No.'
Denise and Richie split up a year later and her friendship with Heather never fully recovered.
Drake, 37: His ex-girlfriend, Rihanna, has welcomed children with his collaborator, A$AP Rocky
Rap superstar Drake made no secret of his love for Rihanna when the pair started dating in 2016 
Years later in February 2020, Rihanna moved on to another longtime friend, A$AP Rocky. The happy couple now share sons, RZA and Riot
Rap superstar Drake, 37, made no secret of his love for Rihanna, 36, when the pair started dating in 2016.
Though the duo had enjoyed a brief fling in May 2009, they remained friends before giving romance another go in early 2016.
Drake went on to confirm his feelings at the MTV Video Music Awards in August that year as he said in a speech: 'She’s someone I’ve been in love with since I was 22 years old. She’s one of my best friends in the world. 
'All my adult life, I’ve looked up to her even though she’s younger than me. She’s a living breathing legend in our industry.'
His words failed to have the desired effect and the pair split just two months later. 
Rihanna later moved on to another longtime friend, A$AP Rocky, 35, in February 2020. 
A$AP - real name Rakim Athelaston Mayers - first worked with Rihanna in 2011, while he collaborated with Drake on the hit track, F**kin' Problems, in 2021. 
Having displayed great chemistry through collaborations for over a decade prior to their relationship, fans were thrilled to see the duo go public with the romance in November that year.
They have since welcomed sons RZA, in May 2022, and Riot, in August 2023.
Nina Dobrev, 35: Her ex-boyfriend and former co-star, Ian Somerhalder, went on to marry her friend, Nikki Reed 
Nina Dobrev and Ian Somerhalder first met on the set of The Vampire Diaries, before going on to date from 2010 to 2013
Some fans were shocked to see Nina's friend Nikki and Ian start a relationship in 2014 - just one year after the actor's split from his costar. The pair have since married and have two children
Nina Dobrev and Ian Somerhalder first met on the set of The Vampire Diaries in 2009, before going on to date from 2010 to 2013.
In that time, Nina, 35, became friends with Twilight actress Nikki Reed leaving fans shocked when Nikki, 36, and Ian, 35, struck up a relationship in 2014.
Their romance blossomed just a few months after Nikki had filed for divorce from American Idol alum Paul McDonald - raising further eyebrows.
By 2015, the pair had tied the knot and in 2017 they welcomed their daughter. Their second child was born in 2023.
In 2019, Nina revealed that she was still friends with the couple and didn't find it 'weird' to hang out with their family.  
She rubbished claims of a fallout with Nikki and explained her true feelings on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen when someone phoned in and asked: 'Nina, you used to date Ian [Somerhalder], and now that he's married, is it weird that you're friends with both him and his wife [Nikki Reed]?'
She replied: 'I don't think that's weird at all. That's great. Why can't everyone be friends?' I think that they have a beautiful baby. They are happy - and so am I. What's bad about that? I don't see any problem with that.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group