January 26, 2024
8:00 AM
BET Digital Design | Getty Images
With a new year comes new rules when it comes to landing the perfect ‘fit in 2024. Still, some things that made their biggest impact in the past are having a new moment to reign supreme in 2024. 
According to celebrity stylist Esther Lamour, who has worked with major designers including Tom Ford, Michael Kors, and Jeremy Scott and has curated fashionable moments for Busta Rhymes, “Real Housewife of Atlanta” star Shereé Whitfield, Anthony Hamilton, “Wild ’N Out” star Pretty Vee, and Grammy nominated gospel singer Bobbi Storm. Lamour believes many things we wore in 2023 will continue to have a moment in 2024, including Barbie-core.
“Everybody loves pink because it’s a bright, vibrant color,” she told BET.com. “It will never go away.”
Assistant Stylist/Project Coordinator Nadine Aspilaire
As this year takes center stage, so will peach fuzz. According to Lamour, this hue will be everywhere. 
“It’s a nice, natural color that looks good on everyone’s skin tone,” she explained.
Along with the orange-inspired hue with options for both men and women, Lamour says this year will also serve as a resurgence of 80s and 90s grunge catapulted with leather, along with bold touches of western wear similar to Pharrell Williams’ outfit at the Louis Vuitton 2024 Fashion Show at Paris Fashion Week.
 Marc Piasecki
While attending the Kenzo show, he also donned a cowboy hat paired with a scarf, black jacket, and white trousers.
Jacopo Raule
“Fashion is fabric with a colorful imagination,” says Lamour. As fashion moves forward, Lamour offers surprising advice to fashion lovers who are willing to go the extra mile to add a unique touch that speaks to their personal aesthetic.
“Don’t follow trends; make the trend and people will follow you.” 
BET.com caught up with Lamour who offers her fashion forecast for the year with the scoop on how to stay ahead of the fashion curve.
BET.com: What trends from 2023 can we say goodbye to?
Esther Lamour: Don’t throw anything away that you have in your closet [from 2023] because the 80s and 90s are coming back. Metallics are back. Everything is back, like leather gloves. You see those chunky heels, [they] will never go out of style.
Kristy Sparow
BET.com: Awards season is in full swing, and celebrities are owning the moment from head to toe. From what we've already seen this year on red carpets, what looks have you fallen in love with thus far?
Esther Lamour: You know who I love who's been killing it, Fantasia! What I like about Fantasia is that she gives you versatility. Men and women are wearing unisex clothes, and you’re going to see a lot of people wearing [those looks]. One of my favorite looks that she donned during “The Color Purple’ press tour was when she wore a look by Sergio Hudson that featured a multi-colored blazer and blue stockings.
Esther Lamour: Another look from her that I loved was when she had on the white button-down blouse with a black tie and a brown dress with leather gloves. 
BET.com: What is that one piece that we all need in our wardrobe right now?
Esther Lamour: You always need to have an old vintage piece, such as a jacket from a high-end brand.
BET.com: Luxury labels will always be at the forefront of fashion. What is your take on wearing these brands from top to bottom?
Esther Lamour: Although you need to stand out, you don’t need high-end pieces to achieve that. People don't understand that you don't need to wear luxury labels [from head to toe] because it doesn't make it fashion; it’s not fashion. It looks tacky. I could go to Target, Goodwill, a vintage store, or a thrift store and get any piece and pair the latest trend with that.
BET.com: Still, luxury labels can instantly capture attention, garnering double takes and double taps. In an age of looking your best on the 'gram, what pieces do you think are worth splurging on this year?
Esther Lamour: People always love the Hermès bag. It’s always a good investment when you buy high-end pieces because you can wear them throughout the entire year.
Shareif Ziyadat
Ignat/Bauer-Griffin
BET.com: While splurging can be a well-deserved treat, what is a high-quality inexpensive item we should invest in this year?
Esther Lamour: I always say the one thing is to have a blazer in your closet. You can wear it with cargo pants, or you could pair it with platform heels or chunky heels because everything is all about comfort.
BET.com: Paris Fashion Week just wrapped, and New York Fashion Week will soon kick off in February. What trends and fabrics have you seen on the runways that you think will transfer into our closets later this year?
Esther Lamour: I have seen a lot of polka dots, animal prints, stripes, tye dye, plaids, and matching two-piece sets with pants and a jacket. We will definitely see some power suits this year. And, Paris was all about brown, peach, red, burgundy, dark charcoal grey, and light grey colors.
Richard Bord
Peter White
Estrop
Esther Lamour: There were a lot of oversized short cuts, plaid suits, shimmery sequins, and fur on the runway like Rihanna [likes to wear].
She never does wrong in my eyes. I love her fashion sense.
Max Cisotti/Dave Benett
Esther Lamour: Also, what I like about Rihanna [is that] she always wears oversized [pieces]. And then we can’t forget her baseball hats. She proves you can wear a suit with a baseball hat, too, with heels and look chic. 
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.