Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





Election Day may not have given us official confirmation of who our next president is, but it did get Rihanna back up to her old antics. The former Twitter menace spent part of November 5 matching the energy of negative comments she was getting from trolls and Trump supporters under a joking Instagram video about voting in the U.S. election that she had posted the day before. The short clip featured the singer, who is a citizen of Barbados, in sunglasses alongside the text, “POV: me trying to sneak into the polls with my son’s passport #votecauseicant.” While she didn’t name any candidates in the post, her support for Kamala Harris seemed clear thanks to a hashtag declaring that it was “#TanSuitSeason.” The caption also appeared to share Rihanna’s stance on reproductive rights and Donald Trump by noting that “protecting pussies and firing pussies can happen all in one vote.” But some people seemed to wonder whether Rihanna was genuinely attempting to vote illegally, with one person even suggesting that she should maybe be arrested. Rihanna began rih-sponding to these types of comments with replies including “Ew! Hate an illiterate ass ho” and “shut up Karen.” Hey, if the queen of Genovia can sing to us about staying in line at the polls, then why can’t a national hero of Barbados share her thoughts on voting?
Rihanna certainly wasn’t letting anyone stop her. When someone left a lengthy paragraph about wanting to “secure the border” and critiquing celebrities for getting involved in politics, she shot back, “Where were you in Jan 6 sis? Stick to your discounted crotch. We out here fighting for its rights!” Another commenter declared that they “voted for closed borders, deportations, and staying out of foreign conflicts” and felt that abortion was being treated as too important of an issue, prompting Rihanna to declare, “you’re fucked! And so is the America you dream of. Hope you don’t have to find out the hard way.” Now that Rihanna is posting like she’s in the 2010s again, maybe she’ll consider dropping music the way she did back then, too.
A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri)
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?