By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:34, 12 January 2024   |  Updated:  22:47, 12 January 2024   
 22
View  comments
Rihanna kicked off her series of Valentine's Day confessions for her new Savage x Fenty campaign with a sweet reveal about her romance with A$AP Rocky.
The pop princess — who shares two sons with the rapper — took to her Instagram on Friday to share a sizzling clip of herself in pink lingerie and a red feather boa as she answered burning questions from her fans.
The first confession arrived when Rihanna, prompted by a fan letter asking about her 'love language,' shared her thoughts on the matter.
'Quality time, it's a luxury around these parts, OK?' she said with a giggle. 'I'm busy... baby daddy busy... and any time someone can carve out a little time for me, I feel really special.'
She also hinted at another confession, audibly echoing the question, 'What’s the most savage thing you’ve done for love?' before the clip faded to black. 
Rihanna kicked off her series of Valentine's Day confessions for her new Savage x Fenty campaign with a sweet reveal about her romance with A$AP Rocky 
The pop princess took to her Instagram on Friday to share a sizzling clip of herself in pink lingerie and a red feather boa as she answered burning questions from her fans.
Fans will receive the answer, and presumably much more, as the Savage x Fenty Instagram urged: 'Follow along as we continue to share Rihanna’s most savage confessions.'
In the Instagram clips, Rihanna donned the pink balconette bra and boy short panties from the collection.
She accentuated the ensemble with a coordinating garter belt, sheer thigh-high stockings, and satin heels. 
Enhancing her look, she accessorized with a diamond choker necklace featuring pink gemstones suspended from the chain, accompanied by matching rings. 
The coordination extended to her bubblegum-pink lips and nails, perfectly complementing the ensemble. 
Savage X Fenty, a collaboration between Rihanna and TechStyle Fashion Group, began as an exclusively online brand. 
The entire pre-launch marketing campaign unfolded on Rihanna’s Instagram account. 
On May 11, 2018, the website was officially launched, accompanied by the opening of a pop-up shop in Brooklyn, operating for the initial two days of the brand's debut. 
The first confession arrived when Rihanna, prompted by a fan letter asking about her 'love language', shared her thoughts on the matter
'Quality time, it's a luxury around these parts, OK?' she said with a giggle
She also hinted at another confession, audibly echoing the question, 'What’s the most savage thing you’ve done for love?' before the clip faded to black
Fans will receive the answer, and presumably much more, as the Savage x Fenty Instagram urged: 'Follow along as we continue to share Rihanna’s most savage confessions'
Rihanna and A$P have been going from strength to strength since approximately 2020, though neither confirmed the relationship until May 2021, when he called her the 'love of my life' in a GQ interview; seen in May 2023 in NYC
Rihanna and A$P have been going from strength to strength since approximately 2020, though neither confirmed the relationship until May 2021, when he called her the 'love of my life' in a GQ interview.
Late last year, they welcomed their second son, Riot Rose Mayers.
The two are also parents to one-year-old RZA. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group