“I knew from when we were younger. We both did, I think.”
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky may be maximalist and fearless with their fashion, but when it comes to sharing the details of their romance and family life, the musicians tend to stay mum. That changed this week, when the rapper sat down for a cover-story interview with W magazine, photographed by his life partner. Rocky spoke about fatherhood, the moment he fell for Rihanna, and the different personalities of their two small sons.
Rocky and Rihanna met in 2012 and were friends for many years before their relationship turned romantic during the COVID-19 pandemic. Recalling the moment he first knew he was interested in the “Umbrella” singer, Rocky said: “It’s a lot of history between us…I was kicked out of this nightclub. They wasn’t giving me no access to it. This is when I’m just starting out, so nobody knows me. I was with [fashion designers] Matthew Williams and Virgil [Abloh]. I was getting into it with the bouncers, and she came out. We just locked eyes. She didn’t even know us, but she was like, ‘Yo! Why y’all not letting him in? What’s wrong with you?! Let that man in!’ ”
Despite their instant attraction to one another, the two didn’t dive into a relationship. In fact, in 2017 Rihanna began dating billionaire Saudi businessman Hassan Jameel. The two broke up in 2020, the year she reconnected with and began dating Rocky.
“I knew from when we were younger. We both did, I think,” Rocky said of when he knew Rihanna was the one. “So it was only right when we got older. We just kind of reconnected.”
The couple is not technically married, but they are a family. in May 2022 they welcomed their first child, son RZA Athelston Mayers, and a year later, in August 2023, Rihanna gave birth to their second son, Riot Rose Mayers.
“I think RZA is going to keep to himself. He’s an introvert,” Rocky said, speaking of his sons’ different personalities. “Riot’s an extrovert—he’s just like his mom. RZA is more so like his dad, like me. And he’s my twin. He got his mom’s forehead, but he got everything else from me. I love my boy’s big forehead! I loved it on his mother. Listen to ‘Jukebox Joints.’” (On the 2015 track, Rocky raps: “Ain’t nothing better than the pretty, big forehead bitch.”)
As Rocky’s career continues to rise, he says he finds support in his family: “…from my woman, from my partner. She knows when to hold it down. I think we both have our niches, our things that we do that we’re good at. She could never be a great dad, because she’s a great mom…. And I could never be a great mom, because I’m the greatest dad in the whole wide world.”
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.