As we head into NYE, Rihanna reminds us to prioritize comfort, wear what makes us feel good, and add a little sparkle and glam.
Source: XNY/Star Max / Getty
When Rihanna stepped out in New York City in an effortlessly cool fit this weekend, we couldn’t help but feel inspired. Sis didn’t just give us a style moment—she gave us a whole mood for New Year’s Eve 2024.
Is anyone else feeling a little less “New Year’s Eve-like” this year? Let’s be real—2024 has been a challenge for many. A casual NYE fit (or celebration) might be exactly what we need.
 


					Related Stories
				





Rihanna’s Fangirl Moment With Mariah Carey Breaks The Internet – See Why






While Rihanna is no stranger to dressing down in style, this look hit different. RiRi’s casual yet intentional ensemble is everything we’re feeling: relaxed, unbothered, and perfectly cozy.
Captured by Blayzenphotos, Rihanna rocked an oversized black zip-up hoodie from Attico, layered over a fitted gray tank and paired with baggy, slightly distressed Acne Studios jeans.
Source: XNY/Star Max / Getty
To elevate the look, the Bajan beauty mixed high and low accessories. She layered silver necklaces with a statement pendant and tied a dark navy bandana over her hair. A woven black mini bag and tan suede Bottega Veneta boots added texture to her relaxed, chic vibe.
Rihanna shined like the glam girl she is is in a luxurious fox fur. Nearly hitting her knees, the coat brought all the drama to her relaxed ensemble.
As we enter the new year, Rihanna’s look is a welcome reminder that sequins and stilettos aren’t the only ways to make a statement. There are plenty of ways to slay while staying casually chic.
Source: XNY/Star Max / Getty
If you’re still figuring out how to celebrate—like so many of us—here are a few Rihanna-inspired ways to dress and vibe for NYE:
Rihanna is obsessed with bandanas, and so are we. Why not bring this trend into 2025?
Trade the typical party hats for bold, patterned bandanas or scarves. Like the Dior ambassador, add an edge to your cozy fit with oversized outerwear and chunky boots.
Invite friends over for a bandana-themed hangout, or hit the streets and show off your effortless, cool-girl style.
Rihanna’s relaxed fit is peak inspiration for a low-key NYE with friends or solo vibes. Think oversized hoodies, baggy jeans, patterned PJs, or cozy knit sweats with comfy boots. And, don’t forget to throw in fur accessories!
Keep it simple with:
Self-care is always in style, especially for NYE. Channel Rihanna’s fit as inspiration to treat yourself.
Slip into your comfiest clothes, try out skincare products or makeup from Fenty Beauty, and binge-watch your favorite shows with a glass of wine. Set your intentions for 2025 and sprinkle in a little glam to start the year feeling fabulous.
As we head into 2025, we are Rihanna – and her mood is us. Prioritize comfort, wear what makes you feel good, and add a little sparkle when you need it. Whether you’re staying in or stepping out, take notes from the bad gal herself: keep it effortless, chic, stylish, and own your vibe.
RELATED
Rihanna Brings Blonde Bombshell Beauty To The Launch Of Her New Fenty Foundation
Rihanna Sparks Retirement Rumors At Fenty Caribbean Launch


We Are Rihanna – And Rihanna’s Outfit Mood Is Us 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Birthday Bash								

									Listen Live								

									Meet the Girl Allegedly Co-Starring with Shannon Sharpe in Viral Video								

									GloRilla & Friends Lead 1st Wave Of Birthday Bash 2025 Performers								

									Birthday Bash ATL 2025: Submit For Media Credentials								

									BIRTHDAY BASH ATL Returns June 21 at State Farm Arena								

									23 Atlanta Slang Words And Phrases That Drive The Culture								

									1-800-TRUCKWRECK's "A Grand In Your Hand!"								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.