By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  00:51, 17 June 2024   |  Updated:  02:08, 17 June 2024   
 13
View  comments
This is the adorable moment a man proposed to his girlfriend at Taylor Swift's Eras Tour as Love Story played in the background in an adorable clip caught on camera.
The UK leg of Taylor's tour continued over the weekend with three gigs at Anfield stadium in Liverpool, with the sweet moment taking place during Saturday's show. 
As the Grammy Award winner, 34, sings the lyrics 'He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring' in her hit Love Story, the man gets down on one knee.
At this point, the person filming the proposal lets out an excited scream as the woman being proposed to clocks on to what is happening. 
After nodding her head to say yes to the proposal, the woman then leaps into her now-fiance's arms.
This is the adorable moment a man proposed to his girlfriend at Taylor Swift's Eras Tour in Liverpool on Saturday as Love Story played in the background in an adorable clip caught on camera
The UK leg of Taylor's tour continued over the weekend with three gigs at Anfield stadium in Liverpool, with the sweet moment taking place during Saturday's show
Beside the couple, a woman in a sparkly purple dress, who appears to be a friend of them, begins jumping up and down in elation. 
Taylor fans thought the moment was wonderful and took to X, formerly Twitter, to share their thoughts.
They wrote: 'Eyes are leaking,'; 'Oh wow...this is so lovely. Taylor's concert is already connecting souls.
'I'm not crying you are so sweet,'; 'I'm crying swifties are so sweet I love our not so little community
'Stop I can't. Also the bestie in the purple is KILLING it and I wanna be her bestie,'; 
'AAAAWWW CONGRATULATIONS TO THEM,'; 'The girl in the purple was so hype for them
'All i do is cry on this app how lovely for them!!'; 'haha love the girl in purple, she seemed so happy and excited for them, and she was cheering on them sm!!'
Elsewhere in the show, dipping into an all-but-forgotten relationship, Taylor graced fans with an oldie but a goodie.
As t he Grammy Award winner, 34, sings the lyrics 'He knelt to the ground and pulled out a ring' in her hit Love Story, the man gets down on one knee
Taylor Swift performed the 2016 Rihanna song 'This Is What You Came For' during her Friday concert in Liverpool, England for the Eras Tour (pictured)
Taylor performed the 2016 Rihanna song 'This Is What You Came For' during her Friday concert in Liverpool, England for the Eras Tour.
She previously wrote the song under the pseudonym Nils Sjöberg with ex-boyfriend Calvin Harris.
'Every single time I have an acoustic set, I'm always trying to think of things you might want to hear — maybe things that might be a little bit unexpected,' Taylor prefaced the song. 'Let's see how we did tonight.'
Taylor performed the track as a mashup with her song 'Gold Rush' from her 2020 album Evermore. 
The Tortured Poets Department (TPD) artist dated Calvin, 40, from March 2015 to June 2016, during which they co-wrote the song.
A source told People at the time that the relationship ended because Harris was 'intimidated' by Taylor's success. 
Her rep confirmed the Nils pseudonym was hers in 2016, a month after their split.
'Every single time I have an acoustic set, I'm always trying to think of things you might want to hear — maybe things that might be a little bit unexpected,' Taylor prefaced the song. 'Let's see how we did tonight'; seen in May 2015
Taylor performed 'This Is What You Came For' for the first time that October during the Formula 1 US Grand Prix.
After she revealed herself as the co-writer, Harris accused her of trying to 'tear him down' in a since-deleted Twitter rant.
'Hurtful to me at this point that her and her team would go so far out of their way to try and make ME look bad at this stage though,' he wrote at the time.
'I figure if you're happy in your new relationship you should focus on that instead of trying to tear your ex bf down for something to do,' the Scottish DJ added.
'I know you're off tour and you need someone new to try and buy like Katy [Perry] ETC but I'm not that guy, sorry,' wrote Harris. 'I won't allow it.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group