The Extreme guitarist has also detailed why he won't sacrifice his tone to land a gig with a huge artist

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Aside from his solo work and Extreme, Nuno Bettencourt has lent his talents to a menagerie of artists, including Janet Jackson, Rihanna, Julian Lennon, and Dweezil Zappa. Despite his impressive list of collaborators, Bettencourt has revealed that he never sacrificed his tone or playing style to land a gig.
“The tone doesn't change at all,” he tells Positive Grid. “I've never done anything where somebody says ‘You can't use your rig, or you can't be you.’
“That was the cool thing about doing the Rihanna stuff. When they [Rihanna’s team] reached out to me, I said, ‘Why would you want to use me? Like, I do what I do,’ and they go, ‘No, man, we want what you do,’ so I get to be myself. So it's the same rig, same everything.”
Bettencourt goes on to say that he doesn't put much emphasis on pedals and amps, as what truly counts are the hours he's put into his craft, expressed through his hands.
“I think your hands tell the story of who you are, at your DNA. Of course, an amp matters for sure, but pretty much, you should be able to plug in just about anything and still be you. And I think that's why I don't use anything in front of it.”
The Extreme guitarist had previously talked about the challenges he encountered playing with a versatile pop star like Rihanna, saying that most of the “guitar players who I admire could not in their lifetime play that gig”.
“When somebody like Rihanna reaches out to you to perform everybody thinks, ‘Oh, that’s cute. It’s a pop artist, whatever,” Bettencourt said.
All the latest guitar news, interviews, lessons, reviews, deals and more, direct to your inbox!
“Let me tell you something, what I had to do night after night – put on a reggae hat (for one song) with a reggae feel, and go into R&B, then go into some punk rock and pop rock that she did, and then club tracks. All sorts of (things), all those different feels.”
Bettencourt was recently involved in the launch of the Positive Grid Spark 2, which our reviewer Matt McCracken dubbed “without a doubt the best practice amp I’ve ever played”.
For more information on the Spark 2, head to Positive Grid.
Janelle is a staff writer at GuitarWorld.com. After a long stint in classical music, Janelle discovered the joys of playing guitar in dingy venues at the age of 13 and has never looked back. Janelle has written extensively about the intersection of music and technology, and how this is shaping the future of the music industry. She also had the pleasure of interviewing Dream Wife, K.Flay, Yīn Yīn, and Black Honey, among others. When she's not writing, you'll find her creating layers of delicious audio lasagna with her art-rock/psych-punk band ĠENN.
“I love the guitar, but essentially it’s an instrument that belongs to the 20th century in many ways. So it’s a question of, what can you do to try to reinvent that vocabulary to make it seem relevant?”: Steven Wilson on the making of a cosmic prog epic
“At first, I honestly thought it was a joke. Even now, it hasn’t quite sunk in”: Eric Clapton recently named Toshiki Soejima as one of his favorite contemporary Japanese players – now, the neo-soul guitarist has finally met his guitar hero
“I remember there was a video of Gary Moore and he played Red House on this Fiesta Red Strat, and I thought it was just the most incredible thing”: Is Toby Lee Britain’s next blues-rock superstar?

Guitar World is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.