They proved their love to each other (and the Italian fashion house) with their looks
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Rihanna may not have made it to Bottega Veneta’s Spring/Summer 2025 show, but she made sure to leave an impression at the afterparty. On Saturday night, the Fenty Beauty mogul took a break from running her beauty empire to step out with beau A$AP Rocky (who had sat front row at the brand’s presentation earlier in the evening). 
Outfitted head-to-toe in Bottega Veneta, the iconic couple walked arm-in-arm, proving their love for not only each other but the Italian fashion house as well. Rihanna, for her part, wore a butter yellow minidress with silver chain straps, and accessorized the Y2K-esque look with plenty of luxe jewelry and furs. She threw an ivory woven leather jacket over her shoulders, and played with textures as she layered a brown-and-white looping faux-fur scarf around her look. On foot, she wore a pair of checkered Intrecciato sandals.
And while she turned heads with just the mention of her name, Rihanna’s glittering embellishments made her even more unmissable. Around her neck, she wore a diamond collar necklace with yellow crystal accents, as a pair of shimming silver hoops, encrusted with diamonds, graced her ears. A large diamond ring on her left hand brought attention to her coordinating butter yellow manicure, while another diamond ring could be spotted on her right ring finger. Whether out of pure coincidence or their linked sartorial senses, Rocky could be seen wearing an ornate gold ring (also with a sizable diamond) on his right ring finger too. 
That said, the rapper showed off his own fashion sense with a look that dared to combine varying prints. Up top, he wore a red, white, and blue striped button-up, complementing the look with a cropped plaid jacket bearing the same colors. A statement black leather collar brought some edge to his otherwise preppy look, while an olive green woven leather tie kept him looking polished. Below, he slipped into a pair of blue jeans and chunky black leather boots, as he carried his outfit’s centerpiece—Bottega’s Sardine bag in a bold red-and-yellow snake print—proudly in front of him. 
Knotted gold earrings and the aforementioned gold diamond ring added some sparkle to Rocky’s look, and he shaded his eyes from the paparazzi flash in a pair of rounded black sunglasses. Rihanna followed suit with her own pair of statement sunnies, although hers shielded much of her face with large, tortoiseshell frames. After all, it was just another night for the world’s most fashionable couple. 
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.