If Tems is new to you as a solo artist, you’ve almost certainly heard her before as a feature on tracks by the likes of Drake, Rihanna, and Future. Time to get into her with “Love Me JeJe.”
Photo by Bet Bettencourt.

Hey! Did you know that there’s an entire aspect of KCRW music discovery that you might be missing out on? Fear not, because our 5 Songs to Hear This Week newsletter is now a weekly feature on our website. Watch this space for rundowns of the five songs that you need in your life immediately, curated by KCRW Music staff. Don’t want to wait for your latest taste of fresh tunes? Sign up for the Tuesday newsletter here, and have ‘em delivered directly to your inbox.
There are so many ways to sing a love song. In this exceptional single, Nigerian artist Tems frames a love that’s distinctly hopeful and comforting — one that leaves you feeling, as she sings, “so fresh, so clean.” If the artist born Temilade Openiyi is new to you as a solo artist, you’ve almost certainly heard her before as a feature on tracks by the likes of Drake, Rihanna, and Future. This warm, celebratory number is the perfect get-to-know-you-better single — as you should with her.
 Put on your impressed face: WILLOW is back with a new album, empathogen, and this stunner of a single. “Pain for fun” is a thoughtful, mature track planted firmly in ‘90s alternative singer-songwriter territory. And it’s just excellent, from the analog instrumentation to the high-beam spotlit vocals, which she shares alongside pal St. Vincent. In this era, WILLOW slips past the traps of family fame on the back of her own artistry — her individual talent is clear to see. Don’t miss her recent NPR Tiny Desk concert, here.
LA daughter Hana Vu makes true-blue indie rock that pairs nicely with your everyday strife, kinda like PBR and pizza, or house red and pomodoro. Expressive, relatable, and properly punchy while still clear and distinct, Vu’s style is very much saying the quiet part out loud. Sporting two iterations of a “FUCK” emblazoned top — just in case her feelings weren’t clear — Vu processes her disappointments, frustrations, and everyday let-downs through big, satisfying riffs and a layered chorus you’ll belt along with her. Get more: Romanticism, a vision of an album under the helm of creative director Maegan Houang (Mitski, Vagabon, Shogun), is out now. 
Barry Can’t Swim’s music is a force of nature so strong that it just might cause summer to arrive early. This latest track from the Scottish DJ and producer — who recently performed live with a full band at KCRW — is a global mover infused with big-big brass and a build/drop structure designed to make you lose your head in ecstasy. The stylings here will transport you to your tropical locale of choice from anywhere — be it car, club, or laundry room. Strap in for more: his much-anticipated debut album, WHEN WILL WE LAND?, is out now.
 This tortured-heart single from New Zealand’s BAYNK sounds like robots in love — that is, it appears completely digital while feeling deeply human. To our ear, it’s a throwback to the devastatingly emotional slow-burn beats that were heavy on the electronic scene in the early-mid 2010s — Clams Casino, Shlomo, and Nosaj Thing come to mind — sometimes referred to as “Soultronic.” But this track’s all-now and brand-new, just released yesterday. Don’t be a fool… click play and go there. Then catch him live at The Wiltern on July 20th. 
Hey! Did you enjoy this piece? We can’t do it without you. We are member-supported, so your donation is critical to KCRW's music programming, news reporting, and cultural coverage. Help support the DJs, journalists, and staff of the station you love.
Here's how:
More from Music News
Latest
Anne Litt shares her take on the week in KCRW music.

Get Involved

Featured
Get the latest from KCRW in your inbox 3x a week.