February 1, 2024
These Black entrepreneurs are taking over, one project at a time. 
Since stepping onto the scene, Black entrepreneurs have changed the industry and forged a path for aspiring creatives. The following individuals have ushered in new eras and ideas within their respective fields. 
Kimberly Bryant first launched her non-profit organization Black Girls CODE in 2011 and has since taken the tech industry by storm. Since its inception, Black Girls CODE has transformed the lives of thousands of young Black girls and gender non-conforming youth, many of whom have experienced a renewed passion for the field. Though the initiative underwent a leadership change in Oct. 2023, Bryant has continued her mission to serve by opening more pathways for marginalized tech founders in the southern U.S. as CEO of Ascend Ventures and the Black Innovation Lab. Throughout her career, Bryant has been hailed for her dedication and was honored as a 2013 White House Champion of Change and she received the Jefferson Award for Community Service in 2012. Bryant is currently a sitting board member at the Center for Policing Equity as well.
2. Olamide Olowe – Founder and CEO of Topicals
Olamide Olowe is the founder and CEO of Topicals, the groundbreaking dermal company that caters to all skin types, no matter complexion. The Nigerian-American entrepreneur has turned the beauty industry on its head in just four short years and even made history in 2022 as the youngest Black woman to raise $10 million in funding. Though the company has successfully curated a range of products including its “Like Butter” moisturizing balm and “Slather” body serum, which is designed to tackle the appearance of bumps and texture, the real star of the show is its “Faded” serum. Uniquely formulated to target dark spots and discoloration, this serum has made the rounds across social media, with many users singing its praises as a wonder product. Esthetician-approved, the company doesn’t seem to be slowing down anytime soon. In fact, just last year, Topicals unveiled a new campaign featuring Grammy award-winning creative Teyana Taylor as its face. The company is also making just as much of an impact through its Mental Health Fund, which recently awarded five women-founded organizations funding to support mental health in marginalized communities.
3. Derrick McCray – Senior Owner and CEO of McCray’s Backyard BBQ & Seafood 
A third-generation pitmaster, Derrick McCray has continued his family’s legacy as one of Florida’s leading barbecue masters. Founded in 1934 by McCray’s great uncle, the barbecue joint has weathered the test of time, witnessing segregation and the civil rights movement. McCray’s Backyard BBQ & Seafood restaurant has always been a refuge for Floridians, who often visited in the past seeking comfort and good food. Now, it has cemented itself as a West Palm Beach cultural staple and possibly even a national treasure. Since taking over, Derrick McCray has served the likes of Venus Williams, Magic Johnson, and President Joe Biden. The eatery has also become an NFL favorite. The entrepreneur continues to work hard to give back to the community that has kept his business afloat for generations, using his influence to help those in need.
4. Austin Owens (Ayo The Producer) – Music Producer
Austin Owens, better known as Ayo The Producer, is most recognized for producing rapper Cardi B’s Grammy award-winning album Invasion of Privacy and her hit song, “WAP.” He has since acquired credits on a number of projects, including Doja Cat’s album Scarlet, which was released in Sept. 2023. Now, Owens is branching out on a new journey, having set his sights on opening a recording studio in his native downtown Orlando sometime this year. Partnering with the owners of The Beacham, a staple in the city’s nightlife scene, Owens’ new venture is called Hidden Sound Studios, according to WFTV 9. The Orlando scene is set to become even more impressive now that Owens is returning to branch out on his upcoming entrepreneurial project. 
5. Shonda Rhimes – Television Producer and Screenwriter
Shonda Rhimes has changed the landscape of television through her phenomenal world building and character-driven stories, featuring an ensemble of some of the industry’s biggest names. Rhimes is the creative mind behind some of television’s greatest dramas, including award-winning shows Scandal, How to Get Away With Murder, and Grey’s Anatomy. She has garnered widespread acclaim for her achievements, having been the first African-American woman to create and produce a Top 10 network series with Grey’s Anatomy. Rhimes has since been featured in Forbes Magazine, and was the third Black woman to be inducted into the TV Hall of Fame, following talk show host Oprah Winfrey and singer Diahann Carroll. A household name, Rhimes’ entrepreneurial spirit has led her to capture the hearts of millions of viewers. 
6. Lisa Price – Founder of Carol’s Daughter
Founded in 1993, the idea for the long-standing hair company Carol’s Daughter first arose after former CEO Lisa Price received words of encouragement from her mother Carol, whose name is emblazoned on every bottle. Since this inception, Carol’s Daughter has emerged as one of the country’s most popular hair care brands. Catered toward Black women and their unique needs, it has especially become a staple in the natural hair community. The company has only continued to grow via partnerships with the likes of Latham Thomas and her foundation The Mama Glow Foundation, whend the two organizations joined forces in 2021 to increase awareness about the Black maternal health crisis. Though the company was acquired by L’Oreal USA in 2014, Price currently sits on its Executive Committee, where she continues to forge new paths in the world of business. 
7. Robyn Rihanna Fenty – Savage x Fenty and Fenty Beauty 
Music mogul Robyn Rihanna Fenty is more than recognizable. In fact, everyone knew her name by the time she was 20 years old after she sang iconic hits such as “Pon de Replay” and “Umbrella.” In her decades-long career, the songstress has embarked on a number of entrepreneurial endeavors. From her Savage x Fenty lingerie line to her Fenty Beauty company, Rihanna has solidified herself as both a music icon and business magnate. Fenty Beauty first launched in 2017 and was met with immediate praise for its inclusive shade range. The following year, Rihanna continued her impressive streak with the launch of Savage x Fenty, which drew attention for its cheeky and fashionable styles. Both business ventures have made Rihanna a formidable force, having brought her to billionaire status. 
8. Angelica Nwandu – The Shade Room
Angelica Nwandu first founded the media company The Shade Room in 2014. It has since taken off, accumulating over 25 million followers across Instagram and Tik Tok. Nwandu developed the concept of the Shade Room after discovering the nexus between celebrity trending topics and media coverage. Hoping to initiate conversations surrounding news in the Black community, Nwandu pursued the idea and soon, gave rise to one of the country’s largest platforms on social media.
RELATED CONTENT: In Celebration Of Its 15th Year, The BOSS Network Unveils Programs For Black Women Entrepreneurs
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.