Leave it to the Bad Gal to make a fashion statement.
Rihanna stepped out with A$AP Rocky to go shopping in Beverly Hills, Calif., on Saturday in one of her signature head-turning looks, wearing a pair of high-fashion Croc clogs.
The Fenty Beauty founder, 36, went casual in a pair of knit boxer shorts by Alexander Wang ($295 $118) and a Martine Rose track jacket ($899) but amped up the glam in a floor-length fur coat and Gucci sunglasses.
She left her legs bare, wearing a pair of socks with her black, pearl-studded clogs, which were part of a limited-edition collaboration between the rubber footwear brand and designer Simone Rocha.
While the collection included multiple different styles, such as platform sandals and heeled mules, Rihanna went with the classic clog ($175).
Her boyfriend, meanwhile, matched in pearls, wearing the custom white Beats headphones he has rocked on repeat since January. The item includes 1,200 costume pearls and was designed by Rocky himself.
The “Fashion Killa” rapper, 36, is obsessed with pearls, often wearing Simone Rocha clips in his hair on and off the stage.
In fact, during an interview on the red carpet at the Footwear News Achievement Awards earlier this month, Rocky told Page Six Style exclusively that his favorite look he has ever worn included pearl-encrusted sunglasses.
The father of two said he “really loved” the statement outfit he wore while performing at Rolling Loud Miami in July 2023, which included Simone Rocha barettes, the sunglasses, pearl earrings and a pearl necklace.
“Fun fact, those are real pearls,” he told us, while giving a shout-out to Rocha. “Those are real pearls and real diamonds in those hair clips, just so you know!”
Rihanna and Rocky continued their stylish weekend on Sunday when the couple hit up CVS with their sons, RZA, 2, and Riot, 1.
The “Diamonds” singer repped the New York Yankees with her cap and rocked the same striped Bottega Veneta top and pants set that Brittany Mahomes previously wore to a Kansas City Chiefs game.
The longtime couple has been out and about frequently, and we’re certain they’ll have an even bigger 2025, as A$AP Rocky is set to co-chair the Met Gala in May.
The theme of the event will be “Superfine: Tailoring Black Style,” and his fellow co-chairs for the ball include Colman Domingo, Lewis Hamilton and Pharrell Williams.
Advertisement