New York Amsterdam News

					The New Black View				
Our journalism is only possible with support from you, our readers. The news mainstream media just doesn’t cover. Racial justice journalism since 1909. 

			Thanks for your contribution!		
The news mainstream media just doesn’t cover. Racial justice journalism since 1909.
We need you NOW! For 115 years we have delivered award winning racial justice journalism — and only with your support can we continue! 
Digital Only
$5/month
Print & Digital
$6/month
MORE OPTIONS
Already a subscriber? Log in to hide this.
The news mainstream media just doesn't cover. Racial justice journalism since 1909.
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky celebrated the Harlem-born rapper’s 36th birthday in the Big Apple, according to multiple reports. French chocolatier Amaury Guichon revealed that the billionairess commissioned him to create a Lego sculpture of Rocky, made out of chocolate. Rihanna presented the gift to Rocky during the celebration. On October 5, Rihanna and Rocky continued the birthday celebrations with a late-night dinner at the trendy Italian restaurant Ambra, “Page Six” reported exclusively. When they arrived after midnight to find the kitchen closed, the eatery’s owner had pizza delivered for them from another one of his restaurants, Made in New York Pizza Parlor…
Tongues are wagging that well-wishers gathered to meet First Female Siddha Master and Himalayan Great Saint Yogmata Keiko Aikawa at a workshop at the University Club in New York City recently. She held a unique one-day session where people could learn about the Himalayan teachings to help participants focus on beauty, managing stress in their lives, and aiming to increase longevity through the power of meditation…
The Living Legends Foundation, Inc. (LLF) held its annual awards dinner and gala on October 4. The sold-out, star-studded event included celebrities from music, entertainment, film, television, and sports, including Sugar Ray Leonard, Jimmy Jam & Terry Lewis, Ray Parker Jr., David E. Talbert, Chanté’ Moore, Johnny Gill, and the Time’s Jerome Benton, who gathered to celebrate this year’s honorees at the Taglyn Cultural Complex in Hollywood, Calif. My friend, Dallas, Texas, radio personality Skip Cheatham, hosted the event. Honorees included Ed Eckstine, L. Londell McMillan, and the legendary Donnie Simpson…
Since 1909, bringing you the news that mainstream media just doesn't.
Only possible with support from you, our readers.

			Thanks for your contribution!		
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Amsterdam News
2340 Frederick Douglass Blvd.
New York, NY 10027
Phone: 212-932-7400

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.