Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Sheer skirts are here to stay.
Senior Digital News Writer

Sheer dressing is a trend seen on various red carpets this year. Now, the style has found its way to one staple piece of nearly every wardrobe. Sheer skirts are having a moment. 

	Worn by high-profile celebrities and seen on the runway, the trend is one to watch — and potentially fashion — this summer. Ahead, see the celebrities who’ve styled the trend for themselves, and how designers are utilizing the trend on the runway.

	Dakota Johnson was spotted out in New York City on June 10 fashioning her own iteration of the sheer skirt trend. The “Daddio” star wore a sunbeam yellow sheer skirt with a cream sheer top. She paired the look with pointed-toe merlot slingback kitten heels for a look ideal for a summer night.   

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Features
	



	
			Rihanna, A$AP Rocky and Usher Spark a Met Gala Fashion Trend	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Riccardo Tisci Faces Accusations of Sexual Assault	
			








	Rihanna gave the trend her own edgy spin when she was seen out in New York City last May. The Fenty Beauty founder styled her sheer black skirt with a black, double-breasted leather blazer and coordinated pointed toe heels. The sheer skirt was an ideal piece to give Rihanna’s edgy look an elevated twist. 




			You May Also Like		






Katie Holmes brought a sophisticated approach to the sheer skirt trend. The actress and filmmaker was seen in New York City on June 10 wearing a sheer lace look ideal for a formal occasion. She paired the look with comfortable strappy sandal heels to complete her ensemble. 

	While the sheer skirt trend is one to watch for the summer 2024 season, some celebrities made the look a staple in their wardrobe in seasons past. Florence Pugh fashioned this sheer skirt with delicate shimmering details for her front row appearance at the Valentino womenswear fall 2023 show during Paris Fashion Week. 

	French luxury fashion house Givenchy made it clear that sheer skirts were a wardrobe essential to keep in mind during the spring 2024 ready-to-wear collection Paris Fashion Week show in September 2023. The fashion house featured this sheer skirt with intricate embroidery near the hem among the designs in its collection. 

	Dries Van Noten also incorporated sheer skirts into their designs. The fashion label showcased this sheer skirt, featuring glittering details, among its designs for the spring 2024 ready-to-wear collection, which debuted during Paris Fashion Week in September 2023. 

	Alaïa gave the sheer skirt a sensual spin with this high-waisted skirt in a shade of peach. The look was featured among the designs in the spring 2024 ready-to-wear collection, which made its debut during Paris Fashion Week in September 2023. 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.