From the launch of Cécred to Elphaba's micro braids, we're looking back at the top hair moments of 2024.
Source: Getty / Getty
2024 was a monumental year for Black hair. Beyoncé made her foray into hair care when she launched Cécred. Rihanna, followed in June, with the launch of Fenty Hair. Platinum blonde tresses were a major trend. From blonde bobs to crimson-colored waves, we saw stylists push the boundaries of what hair can do.
From the launch of Cécred to Elphaba’s micro braids and GloRilla wearing her album cover on her 613 wig, we’re looking back at the top hair moments of 2024. Keep scrolling to see 2024’s top hair moments.
When Beyoncé launched Cécred, in February 2024, critics accused the entertainer of not using her products and hiding her natural hair behind wigs and weaves. Bey said, bet, and gave us all an in-depth look into her scalp. And sis had inches for days. Beyonce’s long healthy hair instantly became a trending topic and a testament to the quality of the Cécred products.
“I have many beautiful memories attached to my hair,” she told Essence. “The relationship we have with our hair is such a deeply personal journey. From spending my childhood in my mother’s salon to my father applying oil on my scalp to treat my psoriasis— these moments have been sacred to me.”
Bey also appeared on the cover of Essence using her real hair as a scarf to drape her face. She wore a mullet in a high fashion editorial in CR book and sky-high tresses on GQ.
Source: Kayla Oaddams / Getty
Rihanna kicked in the door on the hair care industry when she expanded her Fenty brand to include hair products. The launch of Fenty Hair was a masterclass in marketing. Fans praised Ri Ri for her relatable content and look. In the commercial, the Bajan beauty debuted a blonde pixie cut, which turned out to be her real hair. She later wore her natural curls to the Fenty Beauty hair launch showing off the results of her products that launched in Sephora.
Her longtime hairstylist Yusef and Overall Father of ballroom’s House of Miyake-Mugler opened up about the decision for Rihanna to rock her natural curls to her Fenty events.
“We never expected to do that at the launch party. She had this cute little curl (when she sat in my chair) and I was like, ‘You know what? Let’s perfect these curls and get the hell out of here and launch this product.’ I just thought she looked so fresh and just so unbothered and not cumbersome. Just being that girl. She’s never (busted) out her natural curly hair, and I’m really proud of her.”
Source: TheStewartofNY / Getty
Nara Smith is known for her culinary skills, timeless fashion, and perfectionist content. The rising model took 2024 by storm one recipe at a time. She became a household name and one of the biggest influencers in the world. Nara is so popular that the back of her head even makes headlines. Nara jumped off our phone screens and onto our TV screens when she appeared on Today with Hoda and Jenna. Nara shared a behind the scenes video that showed off the back of her bob, which became a viral trend on TikTok. In a video trolling her trolls, she shared a recipe for a product that would help her hair grow.
“A couple weeks ago, I got a haircut that was definitely too short,” Smith says in her Dec. 11 TikTok voiceover. “My bangs are a lot shorter than I want them, and the back of my head is something that I don’t even want to talk about.”
Source: Axelle/Bauer-Griffin / Getty
Cynthia Erivo has a beautiful bald head she adorns with jewels on the red carpet, but Elphaba had long micro braids that made headlines in their own right. This year, we saw the arrival of Wicked. The film adaptation of the iconic musical hit theaters and left an indelible mark on pop culture. Cynthia and her costar Ariana Grande painted the world pink and green.
According to Cynthia, Elphaba’s braids were an homage to Black women. “I asked if we could reimagine that hair as micro braids because I knew you’d still have the movement, and you could still have the length, but there was a texture that was slightly different to what you would normally see on stage, and it was a direct connection between me as a Black woman and Elphaba as a green lady,” Erivo told Variety.
Source: WWD / Getty
What would Paris Fashion Week be without Cardi B? The Bronx superstar had a year filled with highs and lows. She gave birth to a baby, faced some relationship issues, and dropped a couple of bops. We’d call it a win. And when it came to slaying the scene, she never disappointed . Cardi attended Mugler’s Spring 2025 Show rocking razor sharpe angular bangs and a Mugler dress. Cardi may not have been able to see easily, but her dedication to serving looks deserves a round of applause.
Source: Prince Williams / Getty
Yeah Glo! GloRilla had an epic 2024. She embarked on the Hot Girl Summer tour with Megan Thee Stallion, dropped her debut album, stayed out of drama, and made headlines for her hair, and natural body. Circa the release of her album Glorious, Glo’s hair became a walking billboard for the highly praised disc. The CMG rapper sprayed her album cover into her flowing 613 wig. Her hairstylist, Lashae, shared a clip of the process.
Source: Arturo Holmes / Getty
Doja Cat solidified herself in the book of great performers thanks to her innovative and out-of-box performances. Everyone was talking about her stage presence after her 2024 Coachella performance where the bold and eccentric artists and her dancers wore hair costumes created by hairstylist Charlie Le Mindu.
The production included 23 hair suits, which started with sourcing the hair. “What’s very important is to make sure where I get the hair from,” Le Mindu told DazedDigital. “I need to know that my hair dealer gets the hair from good sources, that the people who give their hair get benefits from it, get money for it.”
The costumes weighed about 10 kilos and had to be shipped from Paris to LA.
Source: Dalvin Adams / for HelloBeautiful
Chloe Bailey graced our August cover rocking a sky-high fro straight out the pages of a 70s film. Bailey was gearing up to star in Kevin Hart’s heist series Fight Night. For the cover, she wanted a different look that reflected the times of her character. She worked with her stylist to envision the swelling fro over her locs; it was the perfect statement for our issue.
Chloe loves experimenting with different hairstyles. She has mastered covering her locs to completely transform her look as well. Like the wig she wore to channel her character Lena.
“She would cut the edge of the wig cap sometimes because my head would be getting squeezed too tight, and she just always made sure that it didn’t look like a costume wig,” she said in our cover story interview. “And it never distracted you from seeing Lena because sometimes that happens if you don’t have someone who truly cares for how you look on screen in your hair, you could end up looking a mess. But I just loved how much she paid attention and put so much love into my hair, and it really made me feel like Lena, for sure.”
Source: JOHN LAMPARSKI / Getty
Chloe’s co-star Taraji P. Henson made a bold statement at the Fight Night premiere in NYC when she showed up rocking a red razor sharp cut and plunging mini dress. The rockstar look was different for the beloved actress and showed off her bold and daring style.
RELATED STORIES:
When Fashion Meets Culture: The Moments That Ate In 2024
Top Red Carpet Fashion Moments Of 2024 We Can’t Stop Talking About

Related Tags


									Derm Diaries: This HBCU Student Shares Her Personal Journey With Atopic Dermatitis								

									Coi Leray Does The Big Chop And We're In Love								

									Op-Ed: Stop Telling Me I Don’t Need To Lose Any More Weight								

									Simone Biles Accepts The 2025 Time100 Impact Award In Oscar de la Renta								

									Beyoncé Drops Custom Grillz For The 'Cowboy Carter Tour'—And We Are Obsessed								

									Lizzo Celebrates Reaching Her Weight Loss Goals On Instagram								

									Jalen Hurts Marries Longtime Girlfriend Bry Burrows								

									Tina Knowles & Michelle Obama's Boots-On-The-Ground Moment Has Us Smiling								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
Celebrating Your Favorite Black-Owned Brands & Products!
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.