Rihanna recent video shows the star flashing her underwear to the camera.
In the video, the singer wore a crisp white shirt styled with her front buttons open to reveal a black lace bra underneath. She tucked one corner of the hem in her skirt, which was covered in a brown and beige check pattern.
The pleated miniskirt was paired with white crew socks and black platform Puma sneakers. She accessorised with a teeny Louis Vuitton handbag and clear framed glasses, along with stacks of gold necklaces around her neck.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Kylie Jenner fuels 'lesbian rumours' with intimate video as fans beg duo to kiss
Rihanna wore her hair in a super sleek blonde mullet with face framing layers as she walked in the street and posed for the cheeky clip. During one bold move, she lifted her skirt up and flashed her underwear underneath.
In the caption, Rihanna wrote: “Since I clearly won’t be achieving my six pack until next summer, I switched my summer goal to matching my shoes to my panties! [shrugging emoji].”
Down in the comment section, fans went wild for her super “cheeky” video with one person commenting: “Sis showing the goodssss,” while a second person added: “Ri so childish and I love her for it [laughing emoji].”
Others said they “love” the singer, that they admire her “energy” and one fan even called her a “dream”. “Fiyah,” gushed another follower before they signed off with a row of flame emojis.
One person was even inspired to buy the same shoes as Rihanna wore in the video as they told her: “Secured my black Creeper Phatty’s after seeing this look [laughing emoji].” Her comment section was flooded with red hearts, flames, heart-eyed emojis and praising hands as her 151 million followers fawned over the chart-topping singer’s sultry vid.
As well as complementing her outfit, many fans begged the Barbadian singer for new music and to release her long awaited next album. Rihanna, who is the “highest-certified female digital single artist, hasn’t released an album since 2016 and her career has pivoted away from music.
Nowadays, Miss Fenty focusses on her makeup and skincare brand of the same name, along with her underwear line Savage X Fenty.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.