By POPPY ATKINSON GIBSON 
 Published:  13:41, 17 November 2024   |  Updated:  14:53, 17 November 2024   
 41
View  comments
Rihanna put on a busty display as she enjoyed an evening out at her favourite restaurant, Giorgio Baldi, in Los Angeles on Saturday. 
The singer, 36, looked nothing short of gorgeous in a white silk polka dot maxi dress which she wore under  an oversized brown fur coat with a sparkling brooch.
The Fenty beauty owner added a pair of strappy red heels with red lipstick to match and accessorised with a pair of dark sunglasses and stacked necklaces.
The business woman looked sensational for her evening out to celebrity hotspot Giorgio Baldi in Santa Monica where she was spotted just days earlier. 
Rihanna is known to frequent the celebrity hotspot, which is popular with many A-listers, on a regular basis.
Rihanna, 36, put on a busty display as she enjoyed an evening out at her favourite restaurant in Los Angeles on Saturday
The Fenty Beauty owner looked nothing short of gorgeous in a white silk polka dot maxi dress which she wore under an oversized brown fur coat with a sparkling brooch
The Diamond singer has recently returned from a holiday to her native Barbados where she opened a Fenty Beauty store (pictured in Shanghai, October 2024)
The Diamond singer returned from her holiday to her native Barbados where she opened a Fenty Beauty store before dining out at the restaurant last week. 
Rihanna looked gorgeous in a tan satin corset that showed off her cleavage.
The mother of two with partner A$AP Rocky paired the corset with jeans and a floor-length tan fur coat as she dined at her favorite restaurant in California.
The Umbrella hitmaker wore large amber-lensed sunglasses and had her hair swept back off her face.
The sighting comes after Rihanna sparked rumors of a retirement from music during a speech she gave while in Barbados.
Earlier this month, the Pon de Replay singer jumped behind the DJ kit to deliver a crowd-pleasing set during the celebration for the opening of a Fenty Beauty store in her native Barbados.
'Music was the thing that got the attention, but God had other plans for me,' she said while addressing attendees.
The remark reignited fans' fears that the singer will never finish her highly anticipated ninth album and, in fact, may never release new music again.
Rihanna, who shares sons RZA, two, and Riot, one with boyfriend A$AP Rocky, 35, has been focusing on her businesses recently leading some fans to fear she has retired from music
On Thursday, the star set temperatures soaring in skimpy lingerie as she gave fans a behind-the-scenes look at her recent Savage X Fenty shoot 
Rihanna uploaded the racy shots to her Instagram with a clip which showed the singer flaunting her curves in a yellow lace lingerie set from the brand's Lavish Lace collection 
Many took to social media to express their dismay, made worse by the fact that she hasn't released new music in eight years, work on her ninth studio album seems to be stalled and she wore a T-shirt earlier this year that said 'I'm Retired' on the front of it.
But fans can take some solace in the fact that Rihanna has not explicitly stated she is retiring from music. 
Back in June, she addressed the viral rumors that started circulating after she wore the 'I'm Retired' T-shirt.
She denied that there was any meaning behind the shirt and said there was another line on it saying, 'This is as dressed up as I get,' which was the point she was trying to make.
Rihanna has been very focused on Fenty Beauty and her other beauty and fashion industry projects.
On Thursday, the star set temperatures soaring in skimpy lingerie as she gave fans a behind-the-scenes look at her recent Savage X Fenty shoot.
Rihanna uploaded the racy shots to her Instagram with a clip which showed the singer flaunting her curves in a yellow lace lingerie set from the brand's Lavish Lace collection.
Her look consisted of a sexy front closure bra that showcased her ample cleavage, thong underwear, a garter belt, sheer stockings and arm-length gloves.
With her blonde hair styled in a Brigitte Bardot bouffant, the Disturbia hitmaker posed seductively on a piano wrapped in white lace fabric.
She ran her fingers down the keys before putting on a cheeky display for the camera as she spread her legs open on the piano bench.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group