by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor
So many people wonder what it’s like to be in close quarters with some of their favorite stars, whether it be as a fan or as someone who works for them. While many people have talked about their best and worst celebrity interactions on TikTok, we don’t know too much from the perspective of their employees. However, in recent years, so many former celebrity assistants have dished the dirt on when it’s really like working with some of the stars.
Some have nothing but high praise, talking about the friendship that blossomed in the work environment, like with Zendaya and her assistant.
Other times, it ends with a lawsuit, and the details make everybody’s jaws drop. (Yes, we’re talking about that lawsuit against Khloé Kardashian!)
From the good to the bad, to the downright disturbing, former celebrity assistants have dished so much on what it was really like to work under some of the biggest A-listers in the world.
Below, check out what these celebrity assistants have said about working with huge A-listers.
Kourtney Kardashian’s assistant Liz Muller told DailyMail about the demands Kourtney has given over her four years of employment. She showed a Google search for ‘Lifesize swan model with feathers’ as she captioned the photo: ‘”What do you do all day for work.”
Despite the odd demands, she and Kardashian are quite close. 
Madonna wants perfection in everything she does, including her assistants. Per the Talko, she even has a “food intake” assistant who monitors everything she eats and drinks.
Kim Kardashian’s former assistant Stephanie “Steph Shep” Shepherd said on The Skinny Confidential Him & Her Podcast via People said that the two remain great friends, and that her firing was an amicable decision. 
“I think she probably felt that and saw that,” she said. “She was like, ‘You need something more. You have this thing, pursue that. I’ll support you, whatever you need.’ And it was the most beautiful uncoupling.”
Khloe Kardashian has found herself in hot water with former assistants numerous times. Most recently, her former assistant Matthew Manhard, who worked for her from 2019 to 2022, filed a civil lawsuit claiming that he wasn’t paid for overtime, wasn’t allowed to take breaks, and was allegedly fired after a medical emergency. 
Christian Bale former assistant Harrison Cheung wrote an entire book about his time with his former employer, a book entitled Christian Bale: The Inside Story of the Darkest Batman. 
He wrote some of the wild things he did for Bale, saying, “If Christian was away filming on location, I would take care of his five pets, along with stray possums in the backyard. I would do anything from sniffing Christian’s armpits for B.O. right before he hit the red carpet to making emergency sock-runs if Christian was all out of clean ones.”
Zendaya and her assistant Darnell Appling are also great friends, and per Buzzfeed, Appling even wrote a heartfelt letter to her on Instagram.
He said, “Happy Birthday to my lifeline. You often say your life wouldn’t function without me BUT the truth is my life wouldn’t be able to function without YOU. God knew I needed another Virgo and sent the perfect one. You are a special human Zendeesha @zendaya with the purest heart! God really took his time with you sucka! I pray for you daily. I pray for constant protection and happiness. Happy mentally, emotionally and physically! This year is going to be EPICALLY AMAZING for you and I’m happy I get to be by your side to witness all the greatness up close and personal! Love you from the bottom of my heart – Darneesh.”
Julius Tennon and Viola Davis have sung their former assistant Kaylon Hunt’s praises for years, and Hunt has reciprocated.
Mariah Carey former assistant Lianna Shakhnazaryan filed a lawsuit against her in 2019, claiming she was peed on, called a “whore,” and blackmailed over intimate videos, per Rolling Stone.
Both of Shay Mitchell’s assistants Sammy Rosenman Alexa Davis have sung her praises over the years, and appear in so many projects, videos, and more alongisde their boss/ buddy, per Buzzfeed.
So these allegations are, erm, odd, to say the least. Lady Gaga was accused by her former assistant, Jennifer O’Neill. In court documents from the New York Post, O’Neill testified in the lawsuit that: “I was by her side virtually 24 hours a day, seven days a week. That includes sleeping in the same bed with her, because she did not sleep alone.”
Rihanna’s former assistant Jennifer Rosales worked for her from 2008 to 2017, and then became the senior vice president of Rihanna’s Fenty Corp. What’s working with Rihanna like? Well, she and Rosales are so close that she considers Rihanna “family now.”
She told Tinseltown Mom, “She’s the godmother to my two kids, and she’s always looked out for me. It was more of just the timing needed to be right. The projects needed to be ready to go so she could put me on it. That’s why it took that long. She was always looking out for me.”
 
Meryl Streep’s Sierra Grabowska assistant wrote a super-sweet post about her boss Meryl Streep, saying on Instagram: “They say never meet your heroes— but they’ve clearly never worked for Meryl Streep.”
She added, “These last three months as Meryl’s personal assistant have been an absolute dream. She is thoughtful, witty, and pathologically kind. Whether I was running late or looked like I needed an extra layer for the New York winter, she always went above and beyond to put me at ease. There were times when I jokingly reminded her that I was the one working for her, and she would shush me while she continued making me a cup of tea.”
Mindy Kaling’s former assistant, Elena, told Bustle that working with Kaling is so wonderful and how considerate she is as a boss.”She trusts the people around her,” she told Bustle. “If she’s read a script and thinks, Hmm, I just don’t know, she’ll give it to me. She always asks our opinions. Last week, we were kind of quarantined [but] hadn’t done the whole lockdown yet. She made a full brisket from scratch for us.”
Amber Heard’s former assistant Kate James testified in her case against Johnny Depp, alleging that her time working for Heard from 2012 to 2015 was awful. She alleged, per RadarOnline, that Heard spat in her face, screamed at her, and more. She also alleged that Heard took her personal sexual assault and stole it, per Variety.
Former assistant to Courtney Love, Jessica Labrie, claimed that Love wanted her assistants to do some rather sketchy things. For instance, Love allegedly wanted her to find a computer hacker to send out fake legal correspondence, and throughout her employment, Labrie claimed she dealt with consistent harassment and discrimination while working for Love, according to Rolling Stone. Love was later sued for unpaid wages, per CBS. 
Holliann Hartman was Taryn Manning’s assistant and makeup artist for a long time, up until 2012 when Hartman filed a lawsuit against Manning. She claimed she was physically attacked by Manning, and thus, Manning was ordered to stay away from her. However, per TMZ, Hartman dropped the charges.
Naomi Campbell isn’t exactly the nicest boss to her assistants, as many have claimed. Back in 1998, Georgina Galanis filed a lawsuit against Campbell, saying that she struck her with her phone and grabbed her by the throat. Campbell pleaded guilty. Eight years later, another assistant named Amanda Brack alleged that she was struck in the face with a phone numerous times, per Nicki Swift.
Another assistant said Campbell gave insane demands, with Rebecca White claiming she put 25 lily-scented candles in any room Campbell wanted, per the New York Post.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.