ByPeter Suciu
ByPeter Suciu,
 Contributor. 
Donald Trump continues to use social media as his personal soapbox (Photo by Steven ... More Hirsch-Pool/Getty Images)
Former President Donald Trump has never lived by the old saying "If you have nothing nice to say, say nothing at all." While perhaps best known as being uttered by Thumper, the fictional rabbit character from Disney's animated Bambi films, the quote is actually from eccentric English writer Charles Caleb Colton.
Mr. Trump is hardly alone in following the advice on social media—and perhaps the country would be less divided if a level of civility were maintained—but the former president routinely sends out his opinions on every topic. He's been increasingly vocal in his opinions on celebrities, notably actress Rosie O'Donnell, Vanity Fair editor Anna Wintour, documentary filmmaker Michael Moore, talk show host Jimmy Kimmel, and model Chrissy Teigen.
Though many of Trump's supporters don't seem bothered by—and possibly even support—the very public exchanges, critics suggest it is far from presidential. Certainly past presidents might have said nothing, even when provoked.
"Former President Trump's incessant social media presence—including his attacks on those that have a larger followership and public favor—are motivated by two things. The first is personal. The man is deeply narcissistic and lacks impulse control," suggested Dr. James Bailey, professor of business at The George Washington School of Business.
"He is a high school bully who shouts his name while pushing another to the ground," added Bailey. "The second is professional. His base adores that he speaks his mind, no matter how crassly, or to whom; the more popular the subject, the better."
The online social media spats could be described as Trump being Trump.
"The former president has made it commonplace, first on Twitter—now X—and then on his own social platform, Truth Social, to flex his fingers by hurling insults and to make fun of those who do not share his views," said Jason Mollica, professorial lecturer of public communications at American University.
"Trump has been 'feuding' with Jimmy Kimmel for a while now; he panned Rihanna's 2023 Super Bowl halftime show and has stated that he is more popular than Taylor Swift," Mollica continued. "All of these examples are great fodder for social media shares and comments."
However, Trump, who rose to fame first as a media-hungry real estate developer and then as a TV personality should understand the importance of celebrity. In the United States, athletes are often cast as heroes and celebrities are royalty.
Politicians—with a few exceptions—are neither, though it is true that Trump's base may see him as both a hero and royalty. The problem is that the rest of the voting public may see it otherwise, and his feuds against the likes of Rihanna, who he infamously described before her 2023 Super Bowl performance as having no talent, and Taylor Swift could backfire.
Those are strategic mistakes said Bailey.
"Trump's base is rock solid," Bailey explained. "There's nothing he could do to shake that foundation. Those opposed to Trump are equally rock solid. They wouldn't vote for him under any circumstances. What's left is 10-15% who are 'undecided.' They aren't fond of Biden and embarrassed by Trump."
Mollica said he didn't believe that all of these feuds will impact Trump either way in this November's presidential election; though he added that celebrity endorsements have shown to make an impact.
"A 2012 study in the Journal of Law, Economics and Organization shows that Oprah Winfrey's endorsement of Barack Obama during the 2008 primary led to an increase in voter turnout and votes," explained Mollica. "This is an exception, though. When a celebrity appears at a rally or function, those in attendance are probably aligned with a candidate on a number of issues."
That doesn't mean politicians need to ignore those celebrities who also try to act as activists or crusaders, but the commentary should be tempered.
"Candidates would be best served not getting into a battle with a celebrity," said Mollica. "If a noted actor criticizes a stance on key issues, it’s ok to address it. But getting into a protracted battle on any social network will end up being a public relations issue. Seeing the 'battle' play out on X or TikTok is not the topic you want potential voters to focus on as they cast their ballot."
The issue this year, however, is whether Rihanna and Taylor Swift will be vocal about their opinion on the former president or other candidates. Both women are billionaires, reportedly far wealthier than Mr. Trump, and each has a far larger social media following.
A difference too is that many may follow Trump who would never vote for him, but haters who are gonna hate the music of those singers likely aren't following what they have to say or post!
"When President Trump verbally accosts popular characters—Taylor Swift, for God's sake—he is pushing that 10-15% who will decide the election away," warned Bailey. "They say 'my daughter likes Rihanna, my son laughs at Jimmy Kimmel's shenanigans.' Why would Mr. Trump speak badly about them? They've done no harm. They will remember that at the voting booth. That's when Trump's personal idiosyncrasies and professional instincts will fail him. He will have alienated the very group that felt alienated in 2016 and propelled him by the smallest of margins to president."