A comprehensive breakdown of some of what's been said in the studio, on social media and now on stage since Kendrick Lamar released his "Like That" verse
Karwai Tang/WireImage ; Arturo Holmes/MG23/Getty
 It has been nearly a year since two of hip-hop's icons entered a feud to end all feuds — and Drake and Kendrick Lamar aren't done yet.

 Following the October 2023 release of Drake and J. Cole's "First Person Shooter," in which the latter implied that they, along with Lamar, were the "big three" of rap, Lamar kicked off the war of words in March 2024, disputing the statement.

 The "Not Like Us" rapper joined Future and Metro Boomin on the track "Like That," in which he made his disdain for Drake and J. Cole's insinuation that they were on the same level clear — and took his and Drake's beef to the next level.

 What followed was months of diss tracks back and forth until Lamar finally seemed to win the battle with the release of "Not Like Us," in which he called Drake a pedophile and a "colonizer." Reps for Drake did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment regarding Lamar's allegations about him.

 Following the back-and-forth dissing, Lamar took home five Grammy Awards for the track on Feb. 2, and is set to headline the 2025 Super Bowl Halftime Show on Feb. 9. Drake also announced new music set to release on Feb. 14.

 To keep track of the drama between the rap heavyweights, here's a comprehensive timeline of some of what's been said in the studio, on stage and, at times, on Instagram between Lamar, Drake — and just about everybody else — since the release of "Like That" (and a little before it).

Astrida Valigorsky/WireImage
 Lamar's "Like That" verse may have sparked quite a few responses, but it only began as a response to J. Cole and Drake's "First Person Shooter," which was released in early October as part of the Canadian hitmaker's latest album, For All the Dogs.

 The song, which eventually hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100, features Cole effectively comparing himself to both Drake and Lamar as the "big three."

 "Love when they argue the hardest MC," he raps. "Is it K-Dot? Is it Aubrey? Or me?/We the big three like we started a league, but right now, I feel like Muhammad Ali."

Arturo Holmes/MG23/Getty
 Lamar was apparently not a fan of Cole's "big three" comment, as five months later he addressed it with "Like That" — a song released as part of Metro Boomin and Future's collaborative effort We Don't Trust You.

 In Lamar's verse, which is sandwiched in the middle of the song, he declares "motherf--- the big three," adding "it's just big me."

 Lamar also responded to "First Person Shooter" by adding: "f--- sneak dissin', first-person shooter, I hope they came with three switches."

 Beyond the "big three" takedown, Lamar's verse also takes aim at Drake specifically, apparently comparing his adversary to Michael Jackson and himself to Prince — all while dissing Drake's "best work." In the same verse, he seemingly calls out Drake's For All the Dogs album.

 "What? I'm really like that/And your best work is a light pack/N----, Prince outlived Mike Jack'/N----, bum," Lamar raps. "'Fore all your dogs gettin' buried/ That's a K with all these nines, he gon' see Pet Sematary."

Joseph Okpako/WireImage
 After "Like That" rose to the No. 1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100, J. Cole released his surprise album Might Delete Later in early April.

 Included in the album was track "7 Minute Drill," which took direct aim at Lamar, specifically calling his 2022 album Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers “tragic” and implying that Lamar's To Pimp a Butterfly album was boring.

 “He still doin’ shows, but fell off like the Simpsons/ Your first s--- was classic, your last s--- was tragic/ Your second s--- put n----- to sleep, but they gassed it/ Your third s--- was massive and that was your prime/ I was trailing right behind and I just now hit mine/ Now I’m front of the line with a comfortable lead/ How ironic, soon as I got it, now he want somethin’ with me,” Cole rapped.

 He later argued that the elusive Lamar was "averagin’ one hard verse like every 30 months or somethin’," then raps: "Four albums in 12 years, n----, I can divide.” 

Neilson Barnard/Getty
 Two days after "7 Minute Drill" took the internet by storm, Cole walked back on his rhymes.

 During an appearance at his Dreamville Festival in North Carolina, the Grammy winner told the crowd that dissing Lamar so publicly “disrupts my f---ing peace,” and that it didn’t “sit right with my spirit.” He noted that he “downplayed” Lamar’s catalog and “his greatness."

 “I felt so conflicted because I’m like, bro, I don’t really feel no way,” he said, according to video shot by fans in attendance.

 “But the world wanna see blood… So I say all of that to say, in my spirit of trying to get this music out, I ain’t gonna lie to y’all, I moved in a way that I spiritually feel bad on. I try to like, jab my n---- back. I try to keep it friendly, but at the end of the day, when I listen to it and when it comes out and I see the talk, that s--- don’t sit right with my spirit.”

 Cole asked Lamar to forgive him “for the misstep." The song was removed from streaming services just days later.

 Just days after Cole backtracked on his Lamar diss, Future and Metro Boomin returned with a follow-up album stacked with features from the likes of The Weeknd, A$AP Rocky, and even Cole himself.

 On track “All to Myself," The Weeknd sings: "They could never diss my brothers, baby/When they got leaks in they operation/I thank God that I never signed my life away." Complex and other outlets have since reported that the line appears to reference his past association with Drake.

 As previously reported, on song "Show of Hands," Rocky also appears to use Rihanna's "bad girl RiRi" moniker to allude to Drake still having feelings for her. It comes after fans believe Drake seeming took his own jab at Rocky on his For All the Dogs album in October.

 "Call up Pluto, Metro, should've put me on the first one / N----s swear they bitch the baddest, I just bagged the worst one/ N----s in they feelings over women, what, you hurt or somethin'? / I smash before you birthed, son, Flacko hit it first, son," Rocky raps.

Prince Williams/Wireimage
 While Drake had not initially confirmed its legitimacy, a diss track called "Push Ups" leaked on social media on April 13. The song, initially believed to be AI by some fans on social media, was later premiered in CDQ by media personality DJ Akademiks.

 In the song, which Drake officially posted to his YouTube account and streaming services on April 19, Drizzy can be heard calling Lamar "pipsqueak," arguing that he wears "size 7 mens" shoes, and mocks his previous pop collaborations with Taylor Swift and Maroon 5.

 “Maroon 5 need a verse you better make it witty/You only need a verse for the Swifties/Top say drop and give ‘em 50," he raps, later comparing Lamar to other notable artists.

 "You ain't in no big three, SZA got you wiped down," he adds. "Travis got you wiped down, Savage got you wiped down/Like your label, boy, you in the scope right now/And you gon' feel the aftermath of what I write down."

 Fans believe the song takes aim at Future, Metro Boomin ("Metro, shut yo ho ass up and make some drums"), Rick Ross ("Every song that made it on the chart, he got from Drizzy"), and few others — with even more shots apparently thrown Lamar's way. "I don't care what Cole think, that Dot s--- was weak as f---," he raps.

 Within hours, Ross responded to Drake with his own diss track — and a number of social media clap backs. The song "Champagne Moments" was first teased on DJ Akademik's Twitch stream.

 In the full song, Ross accuses the rapper of having "ghostwriters," calls him a "white boy," and claims mentor Lil Wayne "gave you the juice." Ross also accuses Drake of getting plastic surgery to make his nose smaller, and claims he unfollowed him on social media in response to a slight at fellow rapper French Montana.

 "I unfollowed you, n----, 'cause you sent the motherf---ing cease-and-desist to French Montana, n----," Ross claims. "You sent the police, n----, hatin' on my dawg project/That wasn't the same white boy that I seen, n----, when we were makin' them early records."

 In the aftermath of the pair's latest (apparent) releases, Ross and Drake have exchanged plenty of words on Instagram and beyond. Since "Champagne Moments," Ross has written on X (formerly Twitter): "If we keeping it gangster, when you see me you check me."

 Ross also encouraged him to "drop a response or tell the kids you don’t respond," using the hashtag "#BBLDrizzy."

 Drake has shared a message of his own to Instagram, uploading an apparent text exchange with his mother, Sandi Graham, in which she playfully asked him about the alleged nose job, per Billboard. “I can’t believe you would get one without me … cuz you know I always wanted one," she wrote. "Don’t tell me that you got tattoos without me and now this too?”

 The Degrassi alum responded to the text: “I would have got us a 2 for 1 deal if I went ma... It’s coming from Rick Ross the guy I did songs with he’s gone loopy off the Mounjaro he hasn’t eaten in days and it’s turned him angry and racist he’s performing at proms for money it’s bad don’t worry we’ll handle it."

 In response to Drake's Instagram Stories, Ross shared a video of his own, announcing that "BBL Drizzy called his mommy on me."

 And now, Thurman is somehow involved in the back and forth, too. After Drake's alleged leaked diss hit social media over the weekend, the musician uploaded a still from Kill Bill to his Instagram Stories, where Thurman's character could be seen surrounded by armed assailants — likely in reference to his several ongoing feuds.

 The actress then posted her own photo of the Kill Bill jumpsuit in storage, asking Drake: "Need this?"

Mike Marsland/WireImage; Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty; Arturo Holmes/MG23/Getty
 Days later, Drake was back for more — and name-dropped Taylor Swift.

 As the musician waited for Lamar to respond to his "Push Ups" diss track, he decided to release another song of his own aimed at the "Be Alright" rapper.

 "Taylor Made Freestyle," a second diss track directed at Lamar, also controversially features AI verses from Snoop Dogg and the late Tupac Shakur. In the song — released April 19 on Instagram and seemingly named after Swift — Drake throws more jabs at Lamar, while alluding to what he says is the reason Lamar hasn't responded yet: Swift.

 "But now we gotta wait a f---ing week 'cause Taylor Swift is your new Top/And if you 'bout to drop, she gotta approve/This girl really 'bout to make you act like you not in a feud," Drake raps, alluding to how long he's waited for a response from Lamar. "She tailor-made your schedule with Ant, you out of the loop/Hate all you corporate industry puppets, I'm not in the mood."

 Swift released her album, The Tortured Poets Department, on the same day.

Karwai Tang/WireImage; Ron Galella/Ron Galella Collection via Getty
 Drake's "Taylor Made Freestyle" is no longer available following a threat of legal action from Tupac Shakur's estate due to the song's use of an AI-generated verse using the late rap icon's voice.

 After Drake shared the Lamar diss track to Instagram on April 19, Tupac's estate took issue with the use of his voice and issued a cease-and-desist letter demanding the song be taken down. On April 26, Drake removed the song from social media.

 "Taylor Made Freestyle" featured an AI verse portraying the "California Love" rapper as an ally of Lamar's, encouraging the fellow West Coast musician to clap back at Drake.

 The late rapper's estate took issue with the song, as a letter sent by lawyer Howard King that's been obtained by PEOPLE claimed that Drake's use of his voice was a "flagrant violation of Tupac’s publicity and the estate’s legal rights."

Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty
 Over a month after his "Like That" verse set off the back-and-forth, Lamar officially responded in his own 6-minute track, "Euphoria," featuring several direct shots at Drake — and a shoutout to a small business that helped attract a few more customers.

 In the song, Lamar refers to Drake as "a master manipulator and a habitual liar" and takes aim at his rap skills: "You not a rap artist, you a scam artist with the hopes of bеing accepted."

 He also calls out Drake's use of AI-generated Tupac vocals on "Taylor Made Freestyle." The line, per Business Insider, also seemingly references Drake's decision to purchase a ring once owned by Shakur. "Somebody had told that me you got a ring, on God, I'm ready to double the wage / I rather do that, than let a Canadian n---- make Pac turn in his grave," raps Lamar.

 Elsewhere in the song, Lamar claims that he makes music to "electrify" while Drake makes music to "pacify," voices his dislike of Drake using the N-word and seemingly — and slyly — mentions Drake's longtime ghostwriter allegations ("Ain’t 20 v. 1, it’s 1 v. 20").

 Lamar also references Drake's 2018 feud with Pusha-T, in which Pusha revealed that Drake was father to now 6-year-old Adonis.

 Taking his own jabs at Drake's approach to fatherhood, Lamar raps: "I got a son to raise, but I can see you don't know nothin' 'bout that/Wakin' him up, know nothin' 'bout that/Then tell him to pray, know nothin' 'bout that/Then givin' him tools to walk through life like day by day, know nothin' 'bout that."

Ricardo Rubio/Europa Press via Getty
 Within days, Lamar doubled-down on his Drake disses with a few new angles on track "6:16 in LA."

 Sharing the follow-up diss track on Instagram, the title of Lamar's "6:16 in LA" appeared to be a nod at Drake's similarly titled timestamp songs ( "6PM in New York," "8am in Charlotte"). And the song itself questions Drake's inner-circle, as Lamar teases seemingly being in cahoots with members of Drake's crew.

 “Have you ever thought that OVO was working for me? / Fake bully, I hate bullies / You must be a terrible person,” Lamar spews on the track, referencing Drake's record label. “Everyone inside your team is whispering that you deserve it / Can’t Toosie Slide up outta this one / It’s just gon’ resurface.”

 The song, produced by Sounwave and Jack Antonoff, also features Lamar claiming that media personality DJ Akademiks (who earlier gave a first look at Drake's "Push Ups" diss on a live stream) was "lookin' compromised," and accuses Drake of "playing nerdy" with Zack Bia and Twitter bots.

 At the end of the song, Lamar claims that Drake's "lil' memes are losing steam" and that the public "figured" him out.

Joseph Okpako/WireImage
 Drake didn't hold back with his first diss track of what marked an action-packed weekend of lyrical take-downs: "Family Matters."

 The song — complete with a music video where a van (similar to the one on the cover of the deluxe edition of Lamar's Good Kid, M.A.A.D City) gets demolished — features Drake making multiple unsubstantiated claims about Lamar's family life. Drake also unleashed another short song, where he flips their song “Buried Alive Interlude," where he further mocked Lamar.

 In "Family Matters," Drizzy apparently accuses Lamar of domestic violence ("They hired a crisis management team to clean up the fact that you beat on your queen"), claims that one of Lamar's children is not biologically his ("I heard that one of 'em little kids might be Dave Free's") and calls Lamar a "make-believe" activist who he believes doesn't "go back to your hood and plant no money trees."

 "A cease and desist is for h---, can't listen to lies that come out of your mouth. You called the Tupac estate and begged 'em to sue me and get that s--- down," Drake also raps, referring to his use of A.I. Tupac vocals earlier in the back-and-forth.

 Elsewhere in the song, Drake addresses his other beef with Rick Ross, ASAP Rocky, The Weeknd and more. In it, he mocks The Weeknd singing to apparently diss him ("Can't listen to that stick talk in falsetto") and claims his music is "gettin' played in all the spots where boys got a little more pride."

 Drake also throws jabs at Rick Ross, whom he apparently claims is using Ozempic ("Ozempic got a side effect of jealousy and doctor never told y'all n-----"), and Rocky, whom he mocks as a lyricist ("I ain't even know you rapped still 'cause they only talkin' 'bout your 'fit again") and who he attempts to bother by referencing Rihanna ("Ask Fring [nickname] if this a good idea the next time you cuddled in that bed again/ She'll even tell you leave the boy alone 'fore you get your head split again”). Drake also refers to Metro Boomin by his legal name Leland Wayne to call him a "lame."

 A rep for Lamar did not immediately respond to request for comment regarding Drake's allegations.

Kevin Winter/Getty
 Lamar gave Drake little time to celebrate his new song May 3, as minutes after the release of "Family Matters," Lamar dropped another diss track in "Meet the Grahams."

 As the song's title implies, Lamar's response track appeared to be a direct nod to Drake mentioning Lamar's family, as the Compton rapper uses "Meet the Grahams" to speak directly to individual members of Drake's family — including an alleged secret daughter.

 The song's cover art is a zoomed-out photo of the "6:16 in LA" cover, featuring several alleged personal items belonging to Drake (such as a bottle of Ozempic prescribed to the Canadian rapper), which would imply that Lamar has a mole in Drake's camp.

 "Meet the Grahams" itself addresses several members of the Graham family in individual verses — from Drake's son Adonis to his parents Dennis and Sandy.

 "Dear Adonis, I'm sorry that that man is your father, let me be honest/ It takes a man to be a man, your dad is not responsive," Lamar raps to Drake's 6-year-old child. "I look at him and wish your grandpa woulda wore a condom/I'm sorry that you gotta grow up and then stand behind him."

 Elsewhere in that first verse, Lamar offers to be a "mentor" to Drake's son and accuses Drake of having cosmetic surgery ("Get some discipline, don’t cut them corners like your daddy did/ f--- what Ozempic did/ Don't pay to play with them Brazilians, get a gym membership").

 Lamar then sets his sights on Drake's parent, and encourages other celebrities like LeBron James and Stephen Curry to "keep the family away" from Drake. He also accuses Drake of having sex offenders on a "monthly allowance" and claims to know a "secret" about "some weird s--- goin' on and some of these artists be here to police it."

 "Mm-mm, your son's a sick man with sick thoughts, I think n----- like him should die," Lamar raps. "Him and Weinstein should get f---ed up in a cell for the rest they life."

 Perhaps the most-discussed bombshell from Lamar's "Meet the Grahams" is his verse dedicated to who he claims to be an 11-year-old daughter of Drake. Drake denied having a daughter on his Instagram Stories soon after the song's release,' writing, "Nahhhh hold on can someone find my hidden daughter pls and send her to me these guys are in shambles" with laughter emojis.

 At the end of the song, Lamar addressed Drake directly, claiming that he doesn't "have a hatin' bone in my body" and that Drake "f---ed up the moment you called out my family's name."

 "You lied about your son, you lied about your daughter, huh/You lied about them other kids that's out there hopin' that you come/You lied about the only artist that can offer you some help/F--- a rap battle, this a long life battle with yourself," Lamar concludes the song.

 Reps for Drake did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment regarding Lamar's allegations about him.

Samir Hussein/WireImage; David Dow/NBAE via Getty
 Continuing to diss Drake from all angles, Lamar then released his follow-up to "Meet the Grahams" less than a day later: "Not Like Us." And while its subject matter is heavy, he went at Drake over some upbeat production from DJ Mustard and Sounwave this time around.

 Opening with the line "I see dead people" (a nod to The Sixth Sense again), some of the biggest takeaways from the song include Lamar further making allegations about Drake and underage girls, encouraging "any bitch that talk to him and they in love" to "hide your little sister from him."

 “Why you trolling' like a bitch? Ain't you tired? Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A-Minor," he raps.

 Lamar also says that Drake was intimate with Lil Wayne's girlfriend when he was in jail, before going directly at Drake's OVO crew, including affiliate Baka Not Nice (who was reportedly charged in 2014 with forcing a woman into prostitution, charges that were dropped. He reportedly plead guilty to assault).

 "Baka got a weird case, why is he around? Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles," Kendrick raps in the song. The track also features a cover art of Drake's Toronto home with red markers on it apparently symbolizing maps that mark registered sex offenders.

 Later in the track, Lamar directly responds to one of Drake's "Family Matters" lines that insisted Lamar was "rappin’ like you ’bout to get the slaves freed." In response, Lamar says Drake "doubled down callin' us some slaves," and accuses Drake of using the city of Atlanta to his advantage.

 "You called Future when you didn't see the club/ Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up/ 21 gave you false street cred/ Thug made you feel like you a slime in your head/ Quavo said you can be from Northside/ 2 Chainz say you good, but he lied," Lamar rap, before calling Drake a "f---in' colonizer."

 Reps for Drake did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment regarding Lamar's allegations about him.

Christopher Polk/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty
 Drake wrapped up a weekend of back-and-forth diss tracks with "The Heart Part 6," which features a title nodding to Lamar's "The Heart" series of songs (Lamar's last inclusion with said title was 2022's "The Heart Part 5").

 Throughout the track, Drake refutes many of Lamar's allegations about him, including the pedophilia claims, calling Lamar's "Epstein angle" "the s--- I expected." Drake then makes direct reference to Lamar's Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers song “Mother I Sober," connecting the pedophilia claims to Lamar being molested as a child.

 "Wait a second, that's that one record where you say you got molested/ Aw, f--- me, I just made the whole connection," Drake raps. "This about to get so depressing/ This is trauma from your own confessions/ This when your father leave you home alone with no protection so neglected/ That's why these pedophile raps is s--- you so obsessed with, it's so excessive.”

 As many fans have since noted, Drake may have misinterpreted Lamar's song as Lamar did not reveal that he was molested in "Mother I Sober," in which he rapped “Family ties, they accused my cousin/ ‘Did he touch you Kendrick?’/ Never lied, but no one believed me when I said ‘He didn't.’"

 Elsewhere in "The Heart Part 6," Drake asserts that he's "never been with no one underage but now I understand why this the angle that you really mess with."

 "If I was f---ing young girls, I promise I'd have been arrested/ I'm way too famous for this s--- you just suggested," Drake raps. "But that's not the lesson, clearly there's a deeper message/Deep cuts that never healed and now they got infected."

 Drake then asserts that his name will appear on "no sex offender list," before referencing Millie Bobby Brown — who previously said at age 14 that she and Drake “talk all the time.” He's previously addressed criticism about his connection to Brown. “Only f---ing with Whitneys, not Millie Bobby Browns, I'd never look twice at no teenager," Drake raps, referencing both the name of Lamar's fiancée Whitney Alford and Whitney Houston.

 Drake also claims in "The Heart Part 6" that he fed Lamar fake information — including the photo of medication used on his "Meet the Grahams" cover and stories about him having a daughter. “We plotted for a week and then we fed you the information/ A daughter that's 11 years old, I bet he takes it," Drake raps. "We thought about giving a fake name or a destination/ But you so thirsty, you not concerned with investigation."

 Elsewhere in the song, Drake reiterates his claim that Lamar's friend Dave Free is the father of one of his children, before using an outro to say that Lamar would be a "worthy competitor if I was really a predator and you weren't f---in' lying to every blogger and editor."

 "The one before the last one, we finessed you into telling a story that doesn't even exist," Drake claims toward the end of the song. "And then, you go and drop the West Coast one to try and cover that up."

 A rep for Lamar did not immediately respond to request for comment regarding Drake's allegations.

 On June 4, roughly a month after Drake seemingly issued his final response to his beef with Lamar, eagle-eyed fans noticed the "Pipe Down" rapper removed his diss tracks "The Heart Part 6" and "Family Matters" from his Instagram page. However, the two songs still remain on his YouTube channel and X page, where his initial diss, "Push Ups," is also still posted.

 It's unclear if Drake is waiving the white flag to officially end his rift with Lamar (at least on wax), but it could be a sign that he's ready to release non-beef-related music again. In a cryptic Instagram Stories posted in early May, the "Slime You Out" rap star teased, “Good times. Summer vibes up next,” alongside an illustration of a knight with a sword standing before an army.

 Weeks after unleashing his scathing "Not Like Us" diss aimed at Drake, Lamar announced a rare one-night-only performance hosted by his company pgLang and Free Lunch called The Pop Out.

Timothy Norris/Getty Images for pgLang, Amazon Music, & Free Lunch
 Lamar set a new precedent in his rap beef with Drake when he performed his club anthem diss "Not Like Us" not once, not twice, but five times back-to-back during his L.A. Juneteenth concert. The star-studded event at the Kia Forum kicked off with a bevy of performances from West Coast artists like Tyler, the Creator, Roddy Ricch, Ty Dolla $ign, YG and more before Lamar took the stage to kick off an all-star set of old and newer hits.

 The hip-hop icon made his entrance with a pyrotechnic-filled performance of "Euphoria," complete with fireworks, red lights and smoke. Later on, the "Die Hard" rapper was joined onstage by former Top Dawg Entertainment labelmate Ab-Soul, where he performed his second Drake diss, "6:16 in LA."

 Finally, toward the end of the epic show, Lamar launched into his searing "Not Like Us" diss for the first time live, running the song back repeatedly as the crowd — plus fellow artists, dancers, NBA stars (Russell Westbrook and DeMar DeRozan) and friends from historically feuding sections of South Los Angeles on stage — assisted him in chanting memorable Drake punchlines like, "Tryna strike a chord and it's probably A-Minor."

 At one point during his set, Lamar asked the audience, “Y’all ain’t gonna let nobody disrespect the West Coast, huh? Oh y’all ain’t gonna let nobody mock or imitate our legends, huh?" This appeared to be a nod to Drake's AI-assisted "Taylor Made Freestyle" track that used the voices of Snoop and Shakur.

 The Compton native ended his one-night-only show dedicated to a night of Drake disses with a group photo, saying, “You ain’t never seen this many sections on one stage. Let the world see this. We need to show everything."

 "This is unity," he added. "Unity from all of sides of LA, East LA to West, Crips, Bloods, this makes me emotional.”

pgLang
 After months of major career wins — including being announced as the 2025 Super Bowl halftime show performer in September and earning five Grammy nominations for "Not Like Us" in November — Lamar continued his run on Nov. 22 with a surprise full-length album, GNX.

 The project sees the rapper team up with SZA ("luther" and "gloria"), a string of West Coast collaborators and a few go-to producers like Mustard ("tv off") and even Jack Antonoff, who is credited on several of the album's 12 total tracks. While Lamar doesn't name Drake directly on the LP, he does address a few other recent happenings in his orbit — from Lil Wayne's disappointment over his Super Bowl headlining slot to Snoop Dogg's reposting of Drake's "Taylor Made Freestyle" earlier in the year.

 "Snoop posted 'Taylor Made,' I prayed it was the edibles/I couldn't believe it, it was only right for me to let it go," Lamar rapped.

Prince Williams/Wireimage
 Days after the release of Lamar's album, Drake's Frozen Moments LLC filed a petition in a Manhattan court alleging that Universal Music Group "launched a campaign to manipulate and saturate the streaming services and airwaves" with "Not Like Us" "to make that song go viral, including by using “bots” and pay-to-play agreements," per documents obtained by PEOPLE.

 UMG denied the allegations in a statement to PEOPLE.

 In another filing against UMG, Drake sued the record label for releasing and promoting "Not Like Us," alleging that it was defamation against him.

 UMG allegedly "approved, published, and launched a campaign to create a viral hit out of a rap track that falsely accuses Drake of being a pedophile and calls for violent retribution against him," the filing stated.

 The company responded in a statement shared with PEOPLE, denying the accusations that it intentionally tried to harm Drake's career.

 “Not only are these claims untrue, but the notion that we would seek to harm the reputation of any artist—let alone Drake—is illogical. We have invested massively in his music and our employees around the world have worked tirelessly for many years to help him achieve historic commercial and personal financial success," a spokesperson for UMG told PEOPLE in a statement.

FREDERIC J. BROWN/AFP via Getty
 Lamar took him five Grammys for the now infamous diss track, including two of the "Big 4" awards: Record of the Year and Song of the Year.

 As he walked on stage, the room erupted as they sang along to the lyrics of the song, belting the "A-minor" part.

 Though Lamar didn't mention Drake in his acceptance speeches, the "Hotline Bling" rapper's father, Dennis Graham, did make a comment about the wins.

 “I don’t care nothing about that s---. That ain’t got nothing to do with me,” Graham said in a man-on-the-street interview when asked about his take on Lamar's wins. “All the best to him, man. I don't do that bulls---.”

 Drake also seemed to pay the wins no mind as he announced in an Instagram post that he was releasing new music in a project titled "$OME $EXY $ONGS 4 U" alongside PartyNextDoor on Valentine's Day.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)