By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:01, 9 December 2024   |  Updated:  22:28, 9 December 2024   
 39
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter was showing ex Barry Keoghan what he is missing with her high-profile ad campaign.
The singer was seen vamping it in in the winter Versace ads.
he 25-year-old pop star has signed up to front a new campaign for the brand's Biggie eyewear sunglasses - named after late rapper Notorious B.I.G. - alongside French basketball player Alexandre Sarr who will also star in the ads.
The brand's chief creative officer Donatella Versace said in a statement to WWD: 'I am thrilled to have Sabrina and Alexandre join our Versace family in their fabulous Biggie glasses.
'From Notorious B.I.G. to the extraordinary talent of today, the Biggie community are rebels, groundbreakers and champions of the true Versace spirit.'
Sabrina Carpenter was showing ex Barry Keoghan what he is missing with her high-profile ad campaign. The singer was seen vamping it in in the winter Versace ads
The 25-year-old pop star has signed up to front a new campaign for the brand's Biggie eyewear sunglasses - named after late rapper Notorious B.I.G. - alongside French basketball player Alexandre Sarr who will also star in the ads
The sunglasses range is named after the late hip-hop star - who was gunned down in a drive-by shooting in Los Angeles in 1997 - to celebrate his love for the brand's eyewear after wearing them throughout the 1990s.
Sabrina said of her new fashion role: 'I love wearing Biggie sunglasses; they are my go-to accessory for any occasion. They represent so much more than just sunglasses and I am so excited to be a part of this community.'
Alexandre added: 'I've seen Biggie sunglasses worn by everyone - my NBA teammates, friends I've made across the globe, business guys and kids playing basketball in the yard. Biggies are for anyone who wants to give and take a bit more from life.'
It's the latest big fashion appointment for Sabrina after she starred in a campaign for Kim Kardashian's SKIMS lingerie company.
She recently revealed her best fashion tip is to dress as if she's 'going to run into her ex'.
The singer told W Magazine: 'I remember something that someone said to me once. It was like, 'Honey, you should always leave the house as if you're going to run into your ex.' And I've followed that advice from that day forward.'
When it comes to her sense of style, she takes inspiration from the likes of Brigitte Bardot, Jane Birkin and 'even young Dolly [Parton]'.
There was a bikini clad girl in one of her lenses
The brand's chief creative officer Donatella Versace said in a statement to WWD: 'I am thrilled to have Sabrina and Alexandre join our Versace family in their fabulous Biggie glasses. From Notorious B.I.G. to the extraordinary talent of today, the Biggie community are rebels, groundbreakers and champions of the true Versace spirit'
There were three people in a bathtub, left, and a chess game, right, in these lenses
Sabrina said of her new fashion role: 'I love wearing Biggie sunglasses; they are my go-to accessory for any occasion. They represent so much more than just sunglasses and I am so excited to be a part of this community'
She last worked for Kim Kardashian's SKIMS line
The budding star looked her very best in their black frames
Keoghan and Carpenter attend The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating in May in NYC
She explained: 'A lot of the things they wore feel very close to the things that I like to wear now. 'Obviously, I also take a lot from my mom, when she was younger. She used to wear these cute little sets, and I feel like now I'm very much a set girl.
'I find inspiration all over the place. It's been a minute since I've named-dropped Rihanna in an interview, because I told myself I had to slow down, but Rihanna is always one of my main style icons as well.'
However, Sabrina doesn't like to define her style with strict labels. She added: 'I've always had trouble answering this question, because when you're a young woman, it can change and fluctuate a lot, and you don't always want to label it.
'Some days I feel confident in short skirts and tall boots, and other days, I feel more confident in baggy jeans and baggy T-shirts.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group