She definitely shined bright.
The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 When someone wears their sunglasses at night, there's always a joke to be made, but when that person is Rihanna — and when she's basically dripping in diamonds — the shades are more of a safety precaution than a style swerve. The superstar entrepreneur was seen celebrating her best friend Melissa Forde's birthday at celebrity-beloved restaurant The Nice Guy on Thursday night in Los Angeles. For the occasion, Ri wore a tiny leopard-print dress with a visible black bra top, all topped off with a coordinating coat that featured a statement-making fuzzy collar and more diamond necklaces than we could count.

 The sunglasses in question were yellow-lensed aviator-style shades and she finished off the look with sheer stockings and pointy-toed pumps. Rihanna wore her blonde hair parted down the middle and added a swipe of brick-red lipstick to the ensemble, playing off the retro, '70s vibe of the 'fit.

The Hollywood Curtain/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images
 Rihanna's love of piling on the bling is well-documented. Just last week at another L.A. celebrity hot spot, Giorgio Baldi, she wore a combination of choker-style and opera-length pearl necklaces with a high-low mashup of ripped wide-leg jeans, a Dior saddle bag, graphic T-shirt, and a voluminous Champagne-hued trench coat. The dripping jewels didn't stop at her neck, however. The finishing touch for the 'fit included a diamond-encrusted watch.

Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images
 And because diamonds really are a girl's best friend, Rihanna previously piled on the sparkle when she made an appearance at the Dior presentation during Couture Fashion Week in Paris. In keeping with her go-to mix of streetwear and high fashion, she paired a lariat-style diamond necklace and ear-crawler earring with a black baseball cap and a throwback lip combination of clear gloss with deep, dark liner.

 Rihanna made history in 2015 as the storied French brand's first Black brand ambassador, joining names like Blackpink's Jisoo (who is the brand's first Asian global ambassador) and actresses Charlize Theron and Jennifer Lawrence.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)