By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:03, 28 May 2024   |  Updated:  20:29, 28 May 2024   
 12
View  comments
Jeopardy! host Ken Jennings cheekily responded to a contestant who wrongly guessed the father of Rihanna's children.
Rihanna shares her two sons RZA, two, and Riot, nine months, with her rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky, whom she has been involved with since 2019.
On Monday night's episode of Jeopardy!, Ken asked contestant Amar Kakirde a Name The Celebrity question with a $400 reward.
'A rapper; has two kids with Rihanna; actor in Dope and 2018's Monsters,' said Ken, leaving it to Amar to try to name the famous musician.
Amar, however, was so unfamiliar with the rap world that he gave a hilariously incorrect answer - resulting in Ken's quick-witted reply.
Jeopardy! host Ken Jennings cheekily responded to a contestant who wrongly guessed the father of Rihanna 's children
Rihanna shares her two sons RZA, two, and Riot, nine months, with her rapper boyfriend A$AP Rocky , whom she has been involved with since 2019
'Jay-Z,' said Amar, grimacing as he realized he had made a mistake in naming Beyoncé's husband and the father of her three children. 
'Big news for Beyoncé if true,' said Ken drily - a particularly barbed joke, as both she and Jay-Z have publicly addressed the rap tycoon's past infidelity.
Ken first became famous in 2004 as a contestant on Jeopardy!, achieving a record-breaking winning streak that netted him over $4.5 million.
After Alex Trebek, the beloved longtime host of Jeopardy!, died of cancer in 2020, Ken became one of the names in circulation to replace him.
Last year, he and Mayim Bialik went back and forth hosting the program until the Hollywood strikes prompted her to stop filming the show.
Ken on the other hand agreed to continue working on Jeopardy!, and in December of this past year he was declared the permanent host. 
Beyoncé and Jay-Z have been married since 2008 and are now the proud parents of three children - Blue Ivy, 12, and twins Sir and Rumi, six.
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky became a couple in 2019 but did not go public with their flourishing romance until late the following year.
On Monday night's episode of Jeopardy!, Ken asked contestant Amar Kakirde a Name The Celebrity question with a $400 reward
'Jay-Z,' said Amar, grimacing as he realized he had made a mistake in naming Beyoncé's husband and the father of her three children; Beyoncé and Jay-Z pictured last year
Beyoncé and Jay-Z have been married since 2008 and are now the proud parents of three children - Blue Ivy, 12, and twins Sir and Rumi, six
She sensationally announced her latest pregnancy while performing the halftime show at last year's Super Bowl.
Rihanna allowed her red jacket to slide down her shoulders, proudly revealing the blossoming baby bump in full evidence underneath.
In doing so, she achieved a historic milestone as the first-ever performer to play the Super Bowl halftime show while pregnant. 
In a British Vogue interview published shortly after the Super Bowl, she reflected on the 'legendary' experience of becoming a mother.
'It’s everything. You really don’t remember life before, that’s the craziest thing ever,' Rihanna marveled to the magazine.
'You literally try to remember it – and there are photos of my life before – but the feeling, the desires, the things that you enjoy, everything, you just don’t identify with it because you don’t even allow yourself mentally to get that far, because…. Because it doesn’t matter,' the Barbadian bombshell reflected.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group