In a lengthy interview , his most revealing to date, with Hot 97’s Ebro, singer Chris Brown, opens up about moving past the situation with Rihanna, how he handled her trying to make him jealous by dating Drake, who he thinks would win in a dance-off against Usher and getting back into the public’s good graces.
KYSDC reports:
On the Rihanna situation:
“Me and her, we made amends. Like, we good. She’s my friend. I knew that was a mistake I would never do again. I look back at it like I was 17-18 and I’m 25 now so I look back it like ‘dang’. And I’m still doing community service and going to see the judge every month in a half over that situation.”
On getting back with his ex-girlfriend Rihanna:
“Yea..we was cool. For me it was like a lot of it was on me trying again to pick up the pieces. I just wanted to make sure it was still there. But at the end of the day, I kinda wanted to make amends to her to show her I could be the man she wanted me to be.”
On battling with drugs:
He then realized, “This ain’t for me. As time progressed I was like let me chill out. I don’t want to be a zombie when I meet people. Or say the wrong thing, or end up punching somebody or doing something crazy…like I did…because I was under the influence of some bull.”
On Rihanna opening up to Oprah:
“It was a shock for me because you know, with different teams and how people’s camps work. After I saw it I was like ‘ok cool’ now she’s showing me that she care because I didn’t know for awhile. I was actually moved by it. That’s when I knew we could be friends and can talk.


Chris Brown Talks Drug Abuse, Rihanna And Being Better Than Usher In Revealing Interview 
						was originally published on
						newsone.com



Related Tags


									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.