Register to Drapers to read ONE FREE article and a FREE digital edition
Register to Drapers to read ONE FREE article and a FREE digital edition
Ahead of the 58th Super Bowl on Sunday (11 February), Drapers explores whether the US sporting phenomenon is the next big venture for UK fashion retailers.

 By Sabina Weston
8 February 2024

Amid Skechers and Under Armour expanding into new football categories and the resurgence of ‘terrace’ fashion – a trend which originated in the 1970s, inspired by clothing worn by football supporters – 2023 saw fashion retailers embrace the power of football.
However, the sport’s American equivalent is shaping up to provide new growth opportunities for fashion retailers in 2024.
This Sunday’s (11 February) Super Bowl, the annual league championship game of the US National Football League (NFL) played on the second Sunday in February, is expected to attract more than 200 million American viewers, according to a survey conducted on 2-8 January 2024 by data monitoring company Prosper Insights & Analytics.
Although viewership figures in the UK are minor in comparison, growing interest in the sport presents an untapped opportunity for UK retailers, according to Retail Economics senior consultant Josh Holmes:
“The Super Bowl is becoming a cultural phenomenon on this side of the Atlantic, especially among trend-setting Gen Z [consumers],” he tells Drapers.
“[This is] driven by growing interest in the NFL, the iconic half-time [music performance] show, and high-profile figures like [musician] Taylor Swift and [Kansas City Chiefs team member] Travis Kelce.”
Swift, who in late September 2023 started regularly attending Kansas City Chiefs games to support her partner, Kelce, has been credited with having a “positive” impact on raising female viewership – and, in turn, female consumer interest in NFL merchandise – NFL commissioner Roger Goodell announced at a press conference on Tuesday (6 February).
Holmes says that fashion brands “have an opportunity to engage younger audiences with impactful marketing and social campaigns that blend sports, music, and fashion, offering unique experiences or exclusive content that creates a buzz”.
One fashion brand which has taken this opportunity is Boohoo, which on 1 February unveiled an NFL-branded collection. Available in both men’s and women’s fits and sizing, it includes three major league NFL teams – the Miami Dolphins, New York Giants and Las Vegas Raiders – retailing between £15 for an NFL logo crop top to £80 for an embroidered nylon Raiders jacket.
Consumers’ response to the collection has been “incredibly positive”, a spokesman for Boohoo tells Drapers:
“This partnership has significantly broadened our reach, engaging new audiences and marking our presence in a major sporting moment. Our aim is to align with our goals to diversify our customer base and amplify our brand within key events and moments,” he adds.
Elliott Matthews, managing director of NFL licensee Poetic Brands, which worked on NFL clothing ranges for European retailer Recovered Clothing (below, right), which sells licensed T-shirts made from organic cotton, as well as UK's Boohoo, tells Drapers that UK sales of NFL clothing ahead of the upcoming Super Bowl are estimated to have doubled compared to last year’s event.
Recovered Clothing

Recovered Clothing
UK consumers are also more likely to make design-led NFL clothing and accessories purchases, compared to their US counterparts:
“Unless they know someone from Dallas or someone from New York, [UK consumers] are more likely driven by interesting colours and logos,” says Matthews.
Logos for the Miami Dolphins team – a teal and white dolphin in front of an orange sun outline – as well as for the NFL itself, are performing particularly well in the UK. The latter is a rare design choice for US consumers:
“The UK equivalent of this would be selling T-shirts with the Premier League football logo,” says Matthews.
One of the greatest opportunity for fashion retailers lies within the half-time musical performance, which has featured best-selling performers in the likes of Paul McCartney, The Rolling Stones, Coldplay, Shakira and Madonna. Although often performing in custom-made costumes, some artists have also pivoted towards wearing mid-market brands: Eminem's performance at the 2022 Super Bowl was used as an opportunity to unveil his footwear collaboration with Nike's Air Jordan line of basketball trainers and sportswear.
Another example of such was the sales boost outdoor brand Salomon experienced after musical star of last year’s Super Bowl, Barbadian singer and businesswoman Rihanna, donned the brand’s Cross Low sneakers from its collaboration with French luxury fashion house Margiela. The 15-minute appearance saw revenue more than double: on 5 January, Salomon’s fashion footwear and clothing division, known as Sportstyle, reported $165m (£130m) in sales for the nine months ended 30 September, up from $80m (£63m) for the same period in 2022.
Rihanna performs during the Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show at State Farm Stadium on February 12, 2023 in Glendale, Arizona, wearing Salomon, Loewe and Alaia. Photo by Kevin Sabitus/Getty Images.

Rihanna performs during the Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show at State Farm Stadium on February 12, 2023 in Glendale, Arizona, wearing Salomon, Loewe and Alaia. Photo by Kevin Sabitus/Getty Images.
Fashion house Loewe were also a winner of the 2023 fashion Super Bowl: the all-red jumpsuit and sculpted breastplate designed by creative director Jonathan Anderson helped the Spanish label secure the title of “hottest brand in the world” by fashion platform Lyst in July 2023, based on data including search traffic, social engagement, and sales.
Overall, Rihanna’s monochrome red outfit for the performance prompted UK searches for the term 'red jumpsuit', 'red jacket', and 'red trainers' to soar by 678%, 140% and 197%, respectively, after the halftime show aired in the UK early on 13 February, based on Google data analysed by Boohoo.
Usher x Skims

Usher x Skims
Ahead of Sunday’s Super Bowl, this year’s half-time show act – American R&B singer and dancer Usher – has already channelled the publicity of his upcoming performance to promote shapewear brand Skims’ menswear offering. First unveiled in October 2023 and featuring footballer Neymar, NFL star Nick Bosa and NBA talent Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Usher is the first non-sports-related face of the range (right).
Although details of Usher’s half-time performance attire are kept under wraps, the award-winning, London-based fashion designer Bianca Saunders, who designed the suit worn by Usher at the Met Gala charity event in May 2023 (below), predicts that the artist is likely to combine functionality with fashion:
“Usher is a dancer, so he needs to be agile, but he has also always been very experimental when it comes to fashion – he has had such a long career and [his Super Bowl performance] will pay homage to all these memorable moments.”
Usher, who rose to international stardom in the late 1990s and early 2000s, is likely to tap into the Y2K aesthetic, which is expected to continue shaping menswear trends in 2024.
Between NFL merchandise and the anticipation of a sales boost for the yet-to-be-revealed brands worn by Usher in his upcoming half-time music performance, Retail Economics’ Holmes says the Super Bowl “is just the start of what promises to be an epic year for sports”.
“With Euro 2024 and the Paris Olympics on the horizon, it acts as a strategic springboard for retailers to build momentum and connect with sports fans, setting the stage for bigger opportunities ahead,” he says.
Usher and Bianca Saunders attend the 2023 Met Gala Celebrating "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty" at Metropolitan Museum of Art on 1 May 2023 in New York City. Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic

Usher and Bianca Saunders attend the 2023 Met Gala Celebrating "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line Of Beauty" at Metropolitan Museum of Art on 1 May 2023 in New York City. Photo by Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
Read more:
Women’s sportswear finds its feet
Drapers 30 Under 30: award-winning designer Bianca Saunders
Tagsanalysis Sports
Recommended Articles
Fashion brands and retailers anticipate increasing prices by an average of 20%…
As UK fashion retailers grapple with mounting US tariffs and looming changes…
Adidas delivered “better-than-expected” results for the first fiscal quarter of 2025, with…

Sign in or Register a new account to join the discussion.
			
Get full access to all the fashion industry news and intelligence you need 
Browse the archive of more than 55,000 articles, access bespoke in-depth research, read the daily and weekly newsletters in full, receive the print magazine (optional), and gain priority access to Drapers events