Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Chris Brown has a long history of being accused of assault.
July 23 2024, Published 7:45 p.m. ET
Chris Brown was branded a "violent man" by internet critics after he was slapped with a $50 million lawsuit accusing him of assaulting four concertgoers, RadarOnline.com can reveal. 
The latest allegation against Brown, 35, was filed by four individuals who claimed the rapper and his entourage attacked them backstage at his July 19 show in Fort Worth, Texas.
Chris Brown was sued on Wednesday by a security guard who was allegedly hurt trying to shield four concert-goers being "brutalized" by the musician and his entourage.
Plaintiffs Larry Parker, Joseph Lewis, Charles Bush, and Da Marcus Powell filed the lawsuit against Brown in Harris County, Texas, on Monday. 
The lawsuit alleges the plaintiffs were attending Brown's 11:11 Tour at Dickie's Arena in Fort Worth when they were invited backstage. While backstage, a member of the singer's entourage allegedly reminded Brown that he had "beef" with Bush. 
Frederick Overpeck, a 58-year-old security guard, was working at Dickies Arena during Brown's show on July 20.
The lawsuit stated Brown responded: "Oh yeah, we were. What’s up, n****? I don’t forget s**t." 
According to court documents, Brown and between seven and 10 of his men proceeded to follow the plaintiffs into a hallway and attacked Bush and his friends. In the midst of the melee, Parker was allegedly cornered in a stairway and repeatedly punched, kicked and stomped on for 10 minutes. 
Critics online branded the rapper a ‘violent man’ while noting his long history of assault allegations.
The plaintiffs have demanded a temporary restraining order and are seeking $50 million from Brown, Live Nation, Sinko Ceej, Hood Boss and Yella Beezy. 
Online, social media users reacted to news of Brown's latest assault accusations. 
One X users simply branded the rapper as: "Nothing but a violent man."
Another user replied: "So he doesn’t only assault women, but he assaults men too… *shocker*." 
A third included a gif of an eye-rolling emoji and noted: "Nobody is surprised about this." 
Brown pleaded guilty to the felony assault of his ex-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009.
Many of the comments appeared to reference Brown's troubled past — including physically assaulting then-girlfriend Rihanna in 2009.
As this outlet previously reported, Brown was charged with felony assault and making criminal threats after a domestic violence incident with the Diamonds singer. Rihanna sustained visible injuries to her face and was hospitalized over the incident. 
Brown pleaded guilty to a felony charge in June of that same year and accepted a plea deal, which included community labor, five years of probation and domestic violence counseling. 
Since the incident with Rihanna, Brown has been involved in multiple separate altercations, as well as other brushes with the law, including violating his probation. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.