All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
While schlepping home through Kings Cross station earlier this week, the straps on my second-hand Fendi bag snapped. I bought the disintegrating thing back in March and never treated it with much love: cramming it with a landfill of spare shoes, laptops and (still unread) hardbacks, and letting it fester beneath other people’s dirty coats at work events. I should (but probably won’t) get it repaired.
This breakage has–for obvious reasons–rendered the bag almost useless. A sad, oversized clutch. I can’t sling it over my shoulders as I used to, and instead have to wrap my entire arm around its body like the models did at Miu Miu and Prada’s spring 2025 presentations. And yet this take-charge gesture feels a more potent expression of style than the monogrammed receptacle itself. I have learnt that sometimes it’s not about the bag, but the attitude with which it’s worn.
Rihanna in New York.
Take, for example, Rihanna, who was last night photographed strolling through Manhattan, dressed in ribbed pajama separates and draped in an enormous coat from Bottega Veneta’s fall 2024 collection. She didn’t transport the brand’s Sardine bag by its gold-tone handle–how plebeian–but rather clutched it front-on. It was a subtle, stand-offish motion that could have read, “Kiss my hand.” I’m sure Matthieu Blazy will be delivering the same direction to his models in the seasons to come.
Bottega Veneta
Sardine Top Handle Bag
BOTTEGA VENETA
NET-A-PORTER
Bottega Veneta
Sardine Top Handle Bag
BOTTEGA VENETA
NET-A-PORTER
I Just Got Back From L.A. and Everyone Was Wearing Autry Medalist Low Sneakers
Amal Clooney Is All About Rib-Grazing Denim for Spring
How to Dress Like the Olsen Twins This Spring and Summer 2025
Rihanna Dresses Cozy and Classic to Solo Dine at Her Favorite Restaurant
Sign up for Vogue Shopping to receive the insider’s guide to what to shop and how to wear it
Listen to The Run-Through with Vogue, a weekly podcast featuring the most exciting stories and hot takes from the worlds of culture, politics, sports and–of course–fashion
Never miss a Vogue moment and get unlimited digital access for just $2 $1 per month.
The Vogue Runway app has expanded! Update to the latest version to see all Vogue content, as well as new features like our Runway Genius quiz, Group Chats, and posts from Vogue contributors.
Explore the Runway Image Archive where you can access over 1.2 million runway images from past and present fashion shows.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty