Rihanna might be too busy to bring out a new album but that's not stopped Fenty Beauty churning out nonstop hits. Last month the brand made headlines with the release of Fenty Hair but there's a new limited edition trio that shoppers are begging for more of.
The brand's Gloss Bomb Oil is a hybrid between the brand's famous lip oil and a gloss. It's available in three shades that give everyone an option no matter their complexion. All three shades incorporate precious metals but there's the choice between amber gold (Fro$ted Bunz), white gold ($uperfine $uga) and copper (Coppa Cookie).
The limited edition lip product features a 'gel oil' texture that boasts a non-sticky shimmering finish and a 'glass-like shine'. The applicator is specially crafted to have a paddle shape to ensure it's easy to swipe on smoothly. Coming from Rihanna's brand it's hardly a surprise it smells incredible too with a a new, exclusive coconut-vanilla scent perfect for summer.
READ MORE: Beauty fans go crazy for Huda Beauty's new blush that 'smells incredible'
READ MORE: Shoppers can get their hands on travel-size Sol de Janeiro with this set
The limited edition gloss has only brought in 10 reviews but they're all a perfect five-star. The general consensus is that it smells incredible, and looks great and that shoppers are begging for it to stay year-round.
One shopper said: "I love my lip oil gloss. I bought the keychain along with it and it's with me everywhere I go, there's not a day that goes by when my lips aren't shiny and smelling of sweet vanilla. Love it."
A second penned: "Absolutely stunning lip oil, beautiful formula non-sticky with a nice subtle scent. Wish it didn’t have to be a limited edition."
A third wrote: "I have enjoyed the original gloss bombs for years and I purchased this one through Sephora…when I tried it I was blown away. The formula of this hybrid has to become permanent. It is outrageously comfortable on the lips and addicting to reapply because of how comfortable it is. Yes, the colours and shine are also stunning but this formula is where it’s at. I’m obsessed."
A fourth added: "Game changer. This by far is my favourite lip oil that I have tried to date! Fenty is always coming with it! It's moisturising, colourful, and easy to apply. I Love the wand too."
There are other scented lip products on the market, although they tend to be either a gloss or an oil rather than both. Lancôme Juicy Tubes Lip Gloss is a popular choice or Gisou Honey Infused Lip Oil. Fenty's Gloss Bomb Oil is available from £21.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.