While our hair is often cut and styled to compliment our face shapes, 'Hourglass layers' seek to flatter our bodies...

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Victoria Beckham is synonymous with her luscious, figure-hugging locks and now, these so-called 'Hourglass layers' are trending for summer - so naturally, we've asked the pros exactly how to request and style this flattering look...
So far the 2024 hair trends have proved that we're in the year of the bob, with endless iterations of the chic crop emerging with every change of season - from the French bob to the latest 'Cowgirl' bob cut. Thankfully though long hair is finally getting a look-in this summer, which is especially good news for the likes of Victoria Beckham, whose signature waist-skimming layers have been tipped as the season's must-have look by 'Hairvoyant,' Tom Smith.
This trend not only offers an effortless and very luxe finish but also an interesting concept as, unlike most hair looks, which are cut specifically to frame and accentuate our facial structures, this one aims to do the same but with our bodies...
So before we dive into the ins and outs of Victoria Beckham's favourite hair look, what do 'Hourglass layer's entail?
Trend forecaster, artist in residence at Billi Currie and International Creative Colour Director at Evo Hair, Tom Smith describes them as: "long, fluid layers cut into very long hair. The longest part should hit the narrowest part of your waist and layers shorter than the top of the shoulder should be avoided."
Smith also refers to trends as, "less about flattering ones face and more so flattering ones body, with the length sitting just at the narrowest part of the waist, enhancing the feminine ‘hourglass’ shape. The ends should taper around the waist which is achieved with clever layering to ensure the correct balance of the bulk of the hair." Examples of this flattering look can be seen on the likes of Rosie Huntington-Whiteley, Rihanna, Naomi Campbell and of course, Victoria Beckham.
Feathered layers, in general, have already proven to be a popular option this year, especially for those wanting to achieve a '90s-esque blowout and now it seems, Hourglass layers offer a longer and slightly more luxe variation - for those with waist-length hair or fans of hair extensions.
Sign up to our free daily email for the latest royal and entertainment news, interesting opinion, expert advice on styling and beauty trends, and no-nonsense guides to the health and wellness questions you want answered.
To request this glamorous look, Smith advises to: "Ask your hairstylist to keep all of your length and softly layer through the ends, to remove any blunt lines.
"The shape should taper towards the ends encouraging the hourglass silhouette."
RRP: £21
Smith recommends Olaplex No.3 as a weekly, shine-boosting treatment for your hair. The formula works to hydrate, smooth and promote stronger-looking strands.
RRP: £300
For the perfect blowout or to smooth your hair of flyaways, we recommend a multi-tasking tool like the Shark FlexStyle. It's a hairdryer, curler and volume-booster in one sleek device and is a favourite of our beauty team's.
RRP: £28
A glossy shine is required to really achieve a Victoria Beckham-approved finish, so a radiance-boosting shine like this one from Color Wow - which absorbs and reflects UV rays to deliver a reflective gleam - is a must. 
For styling, Smith recommends opting for more of a sleek finish: "This style works best smooth or blow-dried with a very minimal band."
Smith says to, "Pre-dry the hair until it’s almost dry and then use a very large round barrel brush to create natural lift and bend. You don’t want a curl or a wave but long fluid lengths with a slight curve."
A glossy shine is also paramount to achieve Victoria Beckham-esque lengths, as Smith notes: "The hair should look impeccably healthy and shiny and so utilising  a weekly treatment such as Olaplex Number Three is essential."
And in case you require visual inspiration, we've rounded up a few famous names who have already debuted the stylish look...
For an occasion look, Victoria Beckham's loose waves are the perfect option for complimenting your chic attire.
For those considering a fringe hairstyle along with a few 'Hourglass'-esque layers, Naomi Campbell's chic, waist-length hair is the only reference picture you need to show your hairdresser.
Golden-blonde hues are also very popular right now and here we can see Rihanna combining the two trends for a luxe and seriously chic look.
And for lovers of the side-swept hair trend, Rosie Huntington-Whiteley proves the two looks pair perfectly.
Naomi is a Digital Beauty Writer at woman&home, where she covers everything from makeup to skincare but specialises, particularly, in fragrance and nail trends. Through her work, Naomi shares her trend expertise and personal product recommendations. She is also a judge for woman&home's annual hair, skincare and beauty awards.
Previously, she worked as a Lifestyle News Writer for My Imperfect Life magazine, where she used her savvy for TikTok to bring readers the latest beauty buzzwords, fashion movements and must-have products. 
Before that, Naomi split her time between both GoodTo and My Imperfect Life, whilst training for her Gold Standard diploma in Journalism with the NCTJ, for which she earned a Distinction. Interestingly though, Naomi actually has a background in design, having studied Illustration at Plymouth University but leapt into the media world in 2020, to pursue her passion for writing. Now, when she isn’t reporting on the best perfumes and latest beauty releases, you can find her drinking copious cups of coffee and probably online shopping...

If you're wondering whether Jamie and Dave went the distance when MAFS Australia 2025 ended, we've got the lowdown


Mini dresses aren’t for everyone, but Reese Witherspoon’s timeless, sophisticated outfit is something we can all be inspired by.


Woman & Home is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.