Jennifer Lopez has long been a fixture of fashion's biggest night.
She made her Met Gala debut in 1999, opting for a simple silk dress with a matching fur jacket.
But Lopez has become bolder with her Met Gala fashion over the decades, giving us a mixture of Old Hollywood glamour, cowboy chic, and her version of the naked dress.
So, as we wait to see if JLo will have her next big red-carpet moment at the 2025 Met Gala, let's look back at all her outfits, ranked from least to most iconic.
Jennifer Lopez made her debut in 1999 with her then-boyfriend Sean Combs.
The theme was "Rock Style," and although she wore a tan fur jacket with a matching silk dress and understated heels, once the jacket came off, JLo showed off her signature style.
Showing some skin, Lopez wore a cutout dress that she could easily rewear today.
Lopez sported a teal Alberta Ferretti dress for the 2008 Met Gala, which was titled "Superheroes: Fashion and Fantasy," but her simple one-shoulder gown didn't feel much like either.
The pleated bodice and heavy beading made the dress look outdated, especially when paired with the shiny fabric. Lopez accessorized the ensemble with a sparkling clutch and cuff bracelet that resembled a corsage, transporting us to slow dancing in a school gym while "All My Life" blasts on the speakers.
Her hair looked great, though!
Lopez sported a baby-pink Versace dress for the Met Gala's 2006 theme "AngloMania: Tradition and Transgression in British Fashion."
While this gown shares a similar silhouette with Lopez's 2008 ensemble, both the color and ruching elevate it to a look that feels very feminine and elegant. But exciting? Not really.
Overall, this is a lovely dress, but it belongs at the Oscars, not the Met Gala.
The pre-Instagram Met Gala red carpet was a simpler place, and Lopez's early outfits for fashion's biggest night clearly reflect that.
Lopez shimmered on the 2018 red carpet in an off-the-shoulder Marchesa gown, complete with an embellished belt, fit for a Greek goddess. She smartly avoided turning the dress into a costume by pairing it with a bob of stylish curls that looked straight out of the 1940s.
While it wasn't a very memorable look, there's no denying that Lopez looked glamorous.
Lopez brought some drama to the Met Gala red carpet with the help of legendary designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana.
She wore a dress from their brand during the 2004 event, titled "Dangerous Liaisons: Fashion and Furniture in the 18th Century."
Lopez looked lovely in a romantic black dress featuring several unique details. We love the daring sheer lace bodice — 11 years before the "naked dress" took over the Met Gala — and the black buttons running down the sides of the gown. The ruffled skirt, braided updo, and bright red lipstick added to the Flamenco flair of the ensemble.
Lopez stepped out in a long-sleeved Michael Kors dress in 2013.
The sheer ensemble was covered in black spots from head to toe, resembling a cheetah print. Lopez paired the look with a sky-high pompadour that would've made Cyndi Lauper proud.
Lopez's dress might've been more jungle than punk, but the multi-hyphenate superstar was becoming more comfortable bringing her daring style to the Met Gala. Don't forget that it was Lopez — and her iconic green Versace dress — that inspired the launch of Google Images.
Let's be honest, the 2011 Met Gala red carpet was kind of a snoozer, especially when you realize it was meant to honor one of fashion's biggest trailblazers just a year after his death.
While Lopez doesn't get points for boldness (or, you know, wearing a McQueen design), her red Gucci gown is undeniably beautiful.
The flowing dress featured a cutout on the bodice and a bow-tie halter neckline, and Lopez paired the ensemble with a matching red shoulder piece covered in flowers. The styling — a sleek updo and dramatic red lips — was spot on.
While this isn't among Lopez's most memorable looks, it's one of the prettiest.
Rihanna kicked off the naked dress trend after wearing a barely-there gown to the 2014 CFDA Fashion Awards, and her influence was apparent as everyone from Beyoncé to Kim Kardashian sported the style on the Met Gala red carpet the following year.
Lopez also jumped on the bandwagon, wearing a sheer red Versace gown for the "China: Through the Looking Glass" theme.
The one-shoulder dress was decorated with a sparkling (and strategically placed) dragon that curved down the bodice and an ombré red train covered in flame-like sparkles.
Most of the headlines surrounding JLo's 2017 Met Gala appearance were dedicated to her red-carpet debut with then-boyfriend Alex Rodriguez.
Their relationship is ancient history, but we shouldn't forget this stunning Valentino dress.
Does the dress fit the "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art Of The In-Between" theme? Absolutely not. But as you've probably been able to tell from the last few slides, Lopez often chooses to do her own thing — and it worked out pretty great in 2017.
Lopez's sky-blue dress oozes undeniable 1970s glamour. The high neckline and sheer cape add sophistication to this ensemble, as do her high pony and massive Harry Winston earrings.
Lopez's gorgeous Zuhair Murad gown, which she wore for the "American Woman: Fashioning a National Identity" theme, took over 1,000 hours to make.
"Of course, the time spent on the gown was worth it," Murad told Vogue Arabia at the time. "As Jennifer matched every second of its glory that night."
The strapless gray gown featured a shimmering silver bodice with hand-embroidered embellishments that flowed down the length of the skirt. Lopez paired the dress with a smoky eye and chic updo.
According to Vogue Arabia, Lopez discovered Murad while watching the now-defunct Fashion TV channel in the middle of the night. When she flew back to the US, Lopez had her team track down Murad and ask him to work with her for the Met Gala.
Lopez's approach to the Met Gala has changed in recent years. By embracing the theme and opting for more daring fashion, Lopez is making it known that she's someone to watch on the Met steps.
And she sure made a splash with this brown Ralph Lauren ensemble, which was covered in the subtlest silver sparkles. The gown featured a plunging neckline, thigh-high slit, and a train that dramatically flowed down the iconic Met Gala steps.
Lopez wore the dress with a matching brown faux fur wrap, a silver statement necklace, and a leather belt and choker — which all paired perfectly with the outfit's rodeo-inspired vibe.
Lopez ensured all eyes were on her for the "Garden of Time" theme, where she served as co-chair alongside Zendaya, Chris Hemsworth, and Bad Bunny.
The custom strapless Schiaparelli Haute Couture gown took over 800 hours to make and featured a plunging neckline, sheer fabric, strategically placed silver beads throughout, and a dramatic train. Lopez paired her ensemble with a bold Tiffany & Co. diamond necklace.
There's no denying it's a stunning ensemble, but Lopez's outfit got lost in a sea of naked dresses that appeared at the 2024 Met Gala on the likes of Emily Ratajkowski, FKA Twigs, Phoebe Dynevor, and Elle Fanning.
What was once a revolutionary moment of fashion when Cher first wore a naked dress to the Met Gala in 1974 has now become expected and, honestly, a bit tired.
There must have been something in the water in 2018 because everyone was bringing it for the "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination" theme. Rihanna was the Pope, Ariana Grande was the Sistine Chapel, and Blake Lively looked like a straight-up queen.
The style competition was fierce, but Lopez held her own with this black Balmain dress starring a blue and red cross right in the middle of the chest. The long-sleeved cutout gown also featured a feathered skirt and thigh-high slit.
Lopez paired the look with sleek hair she had cut right before walking the red carpet.
"We cut it today. She said she wanted something different, and the designer wanted something different. We wanted it to look fresh," hairstylist Lorenzo Martin told Allure at the time. "We just decided it today, like an hour and a half before she left. I didn't even know, she didn't even know we were doing it either."
Lopez skipped Chanel for the "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty" theme, but she still channeled the label's iconic colors with her sophisticated yet daring baby-pink and black gown.
The backless Ralph Lauren dress featured a handmade silk satin skirt and velvet halter top with a collar made of hand-molded petals. A dramatic flowing train matched the black silk opera gloves and fascinator Lopez accessorized her ensemble with.
"I wasn't sure about the hat, but now I'm kinda feeling it," she told Vogue on the red carpet.
The hat, the gloves, the dress — it's all perfect!
Everything about Lopez's look for the 2019 Met Gala was just so fun. She shimmered in an iridescent backless Versace gown that was covered in sparkling fringe, and rocked a plunging neckline and thigh-high slit.
She paired the look with an icy fringe-covered wig that would've been at home in Cher's closet, and her matching sky-high platform heels were the perfect accessory. The look was bold, loud, and playful.
Lopez revealed in a YouTube video that her 2019 Met Gala dress was one of the last gowns made by Versace's longtime tailor Luigi Massi, with whom she had worked for 20 years.
"He didn't speak any English; he spoke Italian. And I didn't speak any Italian, but somehow we always understood each other," she said in the video.
Jump to