By DAILY MAIL CITY & FINANCE REPORTER 
 Updated:  22:03, 14 August 2024   
 2
View  comments
Victoria's Secret has poached the boss of Rihanna's lingerie brand in a bid to turn around its fortunes. 
The troubled group said Hillary Super will replace Martin Waters as chief executive next month. 
Super currently runs Savage X Fenty for popstar Rihanna and was previously in charge of US home and fashion retailer Anthropologie. 
Star attraction: Victoria Secret's recent campaigns have included famous models such as Hailey Bieber and Emily Ratajkowski (pictured)
She will be Victoria's Secret's third chief executive in four years. Victoria's Secret has fallen out of fashion in recent years due to rising competition from other lingerie brands, including Rihanna's Fenty. 
The business has 1,350 shops in almost 70 countries including around 25 in the UK. 
A UK presence was revived by High Street stalwart Next and US parent L Brands after a joint rescue effort in March 2022. 
It had entered liquidation the year before after shops were closed during the pandemic. 
Shares, which trade on the New York stock market, leapt 16 per cent yesterday.
They have fallen almost 50 per cent since August 2012 when the company made its debut. 
After a six-year hiatus, the brand will revive its blockbuster runway fashion show – featuring its model 'Angels' – this autumn. 
Its recent campaigns have included famous models such as Hailey Bieber and Emily Ratajkowski.
Affiliate links: If you take out a product This is Money may earn a commission. These deals are chosen by our editorial team, as we think they are worth highlighting. This does not affect our editorial independence.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
MORE HEADLINES
This is Money is part of the Daily Mail, Mail on Sunday & Metro media group