Many busy parents are happy to merely get out of the house without kids in tow, but A$AP Rocky and Rihanna are not your average parents. Not only do Ri and Rocky take babies RZA and Riot Rose out with them all the time but the whole family even coordinates their designer outfits. Their 2023 holiday vacation in Aspen, Colorado was no different, and why should it be? 
Having two babies under two years old has clearly not taken a toll on Rihanna and Rocky’s style, as evidenced by their family outing to Aspen on December 29.
Rihanna's look was deceivingly simple: cream Prada blazer, grey hoodie, matching jeans, and suspiciously familiar boots all worn with lovely long braids, a baggy outfit not dissimilar from her partner's off-duty looks.
But, speaking of A$AP Rocky, you already know that the most stylish dude alive wasn't pulling up to the function dressed like any ol' ski dad.
Rocky burst out of the SUV with an unmissable cow-printed coat, $11,000 Bottega Veneta silver leather pants, a grey hoodie to match Rihanna (cute), and a pair of Bottega's Haddock boots. If they look familiar, it's because Rocky basically introduced them to the world. And, oh yeah, Rihanna's wearing the same pair (very cute).
It's a refreshingly flashy return to form for Rocky, who's been not-so-subtly dabbling in dad-style since RZA’s birth in 2022. Instead, he now looks ready to party. 
Appropriately, the couple's kids were also dripping in style. Nearly 2-year-old RZA wore a cute herringbone wool coat over a preppy winter sweater, collared shirt, khakis, and Gucci socks. Who needs shoes, anyways? Unless Bottega makes those boots in baby sizes...
His little brother, 4-month-old Riot Rose, was equally fashionable in a Christmas-y green Gucci cardigan and jeans with adorable little moccasin booties and a beanie adorned with suitably tiny ear flaps. Now that's one stylish baby. No wonder where he gets it from.
Much to unpack here, from the his 'n hers Bottega boots to the baby-sized Gucci but no matter how you slice it, Rocky and Rihanna are clearly operating at peak fashion.
Ri and Rocky have perfected the art of the  family 'fit. Instead of four identical ugly Christmas sweaters, every piece of clothing is a statement piece worthy of showing off, accented by accessories that better pair the parents and children.
Ri and Rocky also innately know how to stay on top of their personal lives. Even as new parents, these two are still going out, living their lives, and, obviously, showing up with some of the world's wildest (and best) outfits.
You often hear the common refrain from new parents: getting dressed or having any fun at all when dealing with newborns is a feat unto itself. But these two are all but unstoppable (having nannies probably helps).
During their year-end trip to Aspen, for instance, Rocky hit the slopes in one badass snowsuit after another — Prada Sport, custom PUMA x F1 — while Rihanna stopped by the Revolve & FWRD pop-up, posed with Kyle Richards at influencer-packed hat store Kemo Sabe, and took smiley pics with fans. 
Call it aspirational, call it par for the course but Rocky and Rihanna refuse to give in to the stylistic pitfalls of parenthood.
As we enter 2024, let these year-end looks serve as a reminder that it ain't just Rocky and Rihanna at peak fashion — their kids are utterly dressin' too. How many other toddlers you know accenting their outfits with Gucci?
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.