Stars collided at the Barclays Center in New York City on Tuesday night, as an epic moment captured on video between two music icons has everyone talking.
At Mariah Carey’s Brooklyn stop of her Christmas Time tour on Tuesday night, Rihanna made an unexpected appearance, shocking fans in the crowd and at home alike. In the now-viral clip, the “Work” singer is seen in the audience thrilled to be in the presence of “Mimi” herself. 
The “We Belong Together” singer walks over to a starstruck Rihanna in the clip, who then says, “I need a signature,” to Mariah. Then, the “Umbrella” asks, “who has a sharpie?!” Rihanna then, in iconic fashion, tells Mariah, “sign my tit,” instructing the Grammy winner to sign her breast.
Carey then asks Rihanna, “what do you want me to write?” to which Rihanna replies, “Mariah...the f-ck you think? Whatever you want!”
Rihanna then said “wow, this iconic,” before grabbing Mariah’s mic from her to tell the audience, “Mariah Carey is signing my tit, ya’ll,” making the crowd go wild with applause. Check out the epic moment below.
The moment between two icons of course got the internet talking, with many taking to social media to post about it. Many users felt seen by Rihanna’s fangirling at the concert, with one person writing on X, “Rihanna is me fr. She was getting her whole life at the Mariah Carey concert.”
Others saw the clip as a full-circle moment for Riri, who has never shied away from her love of the “Shake it Off” singer. In fact, one user resurfaced the classic clip of Rihanna, at 15-years-old, singing Carey’s signature song “Hero” at her school talent show.
“I dont think yall realize how much Rihanna loves Mariah, she even sang her song her at her school talent show when she was 15,” they wrote in their tweet that includes the clip of teenage Riri.
Another user shared similar sentiments, while teasing that perhaps this will inspire Rihanna to finally drop some new music again. They quipped in the post, “mariah first inspired rihanna to become a singer, now mariah will inspire rihanna again to be a singer again.”