"New collab' with my baby mom."

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

A new Rihanna and A$AP Rocky collab just dropped! No, it's not new music—or baby number three, for that matter. Depending what you're interests are, it's actually something much more exciting: a Fenty Skin unisex lip balm.
While the rappers have made it clear that their best collaboration will always be their sons, RZA and Riot, their new partnership—Lux Balm—definitely takes third place. Released by Rihanna's beauty empire with an ad starring Rocky, the hydrating lip product was officially announced on Thursday, January 4.
The New York native originally teased the release back in July, when he rapped about Lux Balm on his track "RIOT (Rowdy Pipe'n)." 
"Flossy, glossy, Nah, bitch, this ain't lip gloss / Lux Balm up in my palm / New collab' with my baby mom," he says, holding up a tube of the then to-be-announced product in the music video.
A post shared by FENTY SKIN
A photo posted by fentyskin on 
In a truly genius move, Fenty Beauty and Fenty Skin repurposed the clip for their advertisement.
"[Lux Balm] up in [A$AP Rocky's] palm, new collab with our fave mom [Rihanna]. This juicy, Barbados Cherry-powered lip balm packed with vitamin E + shea butter brings dry lips back to life with instant hydration," the brands wrote via Instagram. "It’s slim, slick n easily slips into your pocket, so you can keep it on you wherever you go."
In November, Rocky discussed future collaborations with Rihanna. Even though his music video was already out, he didn't give any hints at Lux Balm's launch.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
"What could we team up and just, like, f***in' just smash and go crazy on?" the rapper said when asked him whether he and the Fenty founder might ever collab on a Puma design. "I think we do a real great job at collaborating and making children. I think that's our best creation so far."
RZA, Riot, and Lux Balm: the most perfect trio.
Sophia Vilensky is a Freelance Beauty Writer at Marie Claire with a beauty, wellness, and entertainment journalism portfolio that includes contributions to Byrdie, Bravo, Teen Vogue, and Us Weekly. Growing up in a family of beauticians—and through her own personal studies—she developed an in-depth understanding of aesthetics, cosmetic product formulation, and beauty treatment development and has also held roles as a senior copywriter, content strategist, and proofreader for top beauty and wellness brands. Even so, you'd be hard pressed to find her with her hair and makeup actually done. Sophia is based in Minneapolis and is a 2019 graduate of the University of Minnesota, where she majored in English and minored in cinema studies. During her time at the university, she was the Arts & Entertainment Editor for the Minnesota Daily, earning the 2019 Editor of the Year award for her work. She connected deeply with the Twin Cities arts scene, collaborating with leading beauty professionals, designers, and artists. Graduating Summa Cum Laude, her thesis—a close-reading of Vanderpump Rules—was featured on NPR. When not immersed in writing or testing new products, Sophia enjoys watching reality TV, reading, and exploring the newest woo-woo wellness trends. Keep up with her on Instagram @sophiavilensky.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


The entrepreneur has extended Fenty Beauty’s reach in the Caribbean and she got a new manicure to celebrate.


Fenty Beauty is releasing a new product and Rihanna showed off her natural hair to help promote it.


She also threw it back to the '50s and '60s with a nostalgic hairstyle.


The pop star and her polished white toes stepped out for a Fenty Hair launch at Selfridges.


Consider this the royal tone resurgence.


Even the Fenty Hair founder admits she "didn't expect" this side-effect.


Yes, it's worth the hype.


Ahead of her latest beauty launch, the megastar wore her hair exactly how it is.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.