It's Ursher, baby
Country Living editors select each product featured. If you buy from a link, we may earn a commission. Why Trust Us?
February 11th is quickly approaching, which means Usher is one step closer to taking the stage for the Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show at Allegiant Stadium. Usher said it was "an honor of a lifetime to finally check a Super Bowl performance off my bucket list." As always the NFL picked the best person for the job and promised "another Halftime Show for the history books." With a full discography and plenty of collaborations with other artists, we're all wondering what to expect from Usher at the Super Bowl this year. 
Here is everything we know so far about Usher's Super Bowl 2024 halftime performance. 
Halftime performers generally have between 12 and 14 minutes from stepping on stage to taking their final bow. Usher know just how precious every moment is he made a brief appearance onstage to sing "OMG" with will.i.am during the 2011 Super Bowl. "Don't take the moments for granted because you only get 13 of them," Usher told the Associated Press. "The hardest part is trying to figure out how to squeeze it all in when you actually have a large catalog, or a lot of records people celebrate and love."
When you have as many hit songs as Usher, it's hard to narrow it down to just a few. Usher hasn't confirmed any of the songs on his setlist nor his special guests just yet, but we have a few guesses. Some of Usher's most successful collaboration were with Alicia Keys, Chris Brown, Gucci Mane, Beyonce, Lil Wayne, Justin Bieber, Ludacris, Pitbull, Juicy J, P. Diddy, David Guetta, and Rick Ross, so we expect to see one or more of these artists joining Usher on stage. "I can't give too much, because I don't want to blow it. But I will say that that moment will not only represent me, but it will represent my legacy and the things that I've been a part of in collaboration. It will remind the world that when you do collaborate something amazing does happen," the Las Vegas Review Journal reported. 
On Spotify, Usher's current most popular original songs include: "Yeah!," "DJ Got Us Fallin' In Love," "Hey Daddy," "My Boo," and "Love in This Club." Usher assured fans that he will play some of his biggest hits. "You're going to get hit records... I do want to play the songs that people obviously recognize and the ones that I celebrate," Usher told ExtraTV. 
Though, Usher would be remiss not to promote his new album which drops on Super Bowl Sunday. This will be his first new album release in eight years, appropriately titledComing Home.
E! News asked Rihanna if she had any advice for Usher ahead of the show. She said, "Hell no, I can't give Usher no advice. Usher is a natural, he's a legend, he's been doing this since he's a teenager. He is made for that show." If Rihanna (who holds the title for the most-watched Super Bowl Halftime show in history) has this much confidence in Usher, then we all should too. 
Unless you're a billionaire, it's probably too late to get tickets to attend the Super Bowl in Las Vegas this year, but there are plenty of other ways to watch from afar. This year, the Super Bowl will air on CBS and Paramount+. You can also stream on other live TV providers including YouTubeTV and Hulu+ Live TV. Kickoff is set for 6:30 p.m. ET on Sunday, February 11th, but if you're just in it for the halftime show (and maybe a few commercials), plan to tune in around 8 p.m. ET. We can't wait to see what Usher has planned for the Super Bowl Halftime Show this year! 
Maggie Horton is the Associate News Editor at Country Living. She covers all things entertainment from celebrity news to TV shows and movies. When she's not posting to social media, researching the latest celebrity gossip or binging the hottest new TV series, you can find her at a local concert or outside enjoying nature. 
Lainey Wilson Scores Feature Film Debut
How to Watch the 2025 Kentucky Derby
Beach Instagram Captions to Seas the Day
Kate Middleton Has a New Lighter Hair Color
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
Shania Twain Fans Say She's "Glowing" in New Photo
Rare Photos of Every Triple Crown Winner
Funny Birthday Wishes, Knee Slaps Guaranteed
The Best Mother's Day Messages for the Best Mom
Short Mother-Daughter Quotes to Touch Her Heart
Trisha Yearwood Announces "New Chapter"
Meghan Markle Says That Prince Harry Saved Her
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.