by 
	Delilah Gray

Trending News Editor

	It seems that Hollywood may have gotten to Prince Harry, and he may be looking to his wife Meghan Markle, for being a guide to the acting world of Tinseltown. The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been in California for years now, and while Meghan has been popping off with projects such as blogs, podcasts, and more; Harry has remained quiet with his book and charities. But now, since he’s been rubbing shoulders with A-listers like Margot Robbie, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Rihanna; he’s allegedly ready to look into acting classes, per close insiders.

	










	Insiders told Life & Style Magazine that “Meghan’s affinity for the spotlight has rubbed off on him because Harry loves being on the Hollywood scene. He’s already pals with Margot Robbie, George Clooney, Rihanna, Cameron Diaz and her husband, Benji Madden, Rob Lowe, Gwyneth Paltrow and Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi. But his friendship with Corey just might be the oddest.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Lily Allen Risqué Revenge Look After David Harbour Split Shows Her Ultra-Daring Side		
	










	In case you missed it, he and Corey Gamble were seen skiing together, making everyone wonder if the Sussexes and the Kardashians would collab in the future. “Harry may be hanging out with Kim Kardashian soon enough, since Corey has been suggesting that the prince make an appearance on the family’s series,” the insider said. “Harry laughed at the idea, but it did intrigue him.”



	Now, this may be just a passing fancy, but even if that’s the case, Meghan is fully supportive of this alleged endeavor, and has “suggested he take acting classes.”

	But, what would Harry do? While his wife Meghan was known for her TV and movie roles, it seems he would mainly go into hosting, if he did choose an acting route. The insider added, “If he is going to go the TV and film route, he would prefer to host a show. He would love to, perhaps, interview entrepreneurs like Bill Gates and Richard Branson about their passion projects.”

	So, Harry: writer, royal, humanitarian…and actor? 2024 may really be a big year for Harry and Meghan, after all.
Click here to see Meghan Markle and Prince Harry’s complete relationship timeline.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.