Taylor Swift has reignited an old feud with her ex-boyfriend on her Eras tour.
The singer dated Calvin Harris from 2015-2016, and it didn't end too well after the pair were embroiled in a public fall-out. The Bad Blood singer, 34, played to a sold-out crowd at Liverpool's Anfield Stadium on Friday when she made a reference to superstar DJ Calvin.
Taylor dropped two surprise songs unique to the gig. The first was a mash-up of Gold Rush from her album Evermore, and the second, a Calvin track: This Is What You Came For. The warring exes famously fell out when Taylor's team revealed she was involved in the production of the song that eventually went to Rihanna.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
Order the 'Taylor Swift' Collector's Edition of OK! magazine now
Taylor isn’t credited on the song, with the singer choosing to use the pseudonym, Nils Sjöberg, instead. Taylor's involvement in This Is What You Came For was only confirmed after her split with Calvin in June 2016, with her rep confirming the billionaire - who is now dating Kansas City star, Travis Kelce - that Taylor and Nils Sjöberg were one and the same. Before that point, the Scot had told Ryan Seacrest on his US radio show he would never work with Taylor, which reportedly caused upset given the smash hit the song became.
This ignited a huge feud between the former couple, with Calvin later going off on a rant on Twitter (now X), accusing Taylor’s team of "trying to tear him down". He wrote: "I figure if you’re happy in your new relationship you should focus on that instead of trying to tear your ex bf down for something to do.
"Hurtful to me at this point that her and her team would go so far out of their way to try and make ME look bad at this stage though. I wrote the music, produced the song, arranged it and cut the vocals though. And initially she wanted it kept secret, hence the pseudonym. And she sings on a little bit of it too. Amazing lyric writer and she smashed it as usual.”
Before singing the song in Liverpool, the insanely rich star told the audience: "Every single time I have an acoustic set, I'm always trying to think of things you might want to hear — maybe things that might be a little bit unexpected. Let's see how we did tonight.”
After its airing, fans were divided about the track being played at Anfield. Many loved the sly swipe at Calvin, with one taking to X. formerly Twitter, saying: "The best surprise songs of the tour last night in my opinion." Another agreed, replying: "I was there when Taylor Swift sang this is what you came for in her acoustic set and I'm not coping, she's iconic."
However, others thought Tay-Tay should leave her exes alone as one joked: "Swift is the most prolific mass Murder alive today." Another said: "Taylor Swift has hundreds of songs given to other artists & hundreds of own songs she doesn’t perform. Ironically she performs Rihanna & Calvin Harris’ song at concerts, which she sings horribly. What’s wrong with her and why so brokenhearted all the time?"
'Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.