All products featured on Vogue are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Google just revealed that, last month, searches for leopard print reached their second highest point since 2012. Let that sink in. For twelve years, leopard print has been in and out of fashion–though, some consider it a permanent style flex–and in 2024, post “quiet luxury,” people seem to be jumping back on the wild bandwagon.
Alaïa autumn/winter 1991.
Accessories have been a popular entry-point for those unwilling to give their wardrobe a full maximalist upgrade, à la Naomi Campbell on Alaïa’s autumn/winter 1991 runway, who was clad in head-to-toe leopard. I’m forever lusting after the leopard-print bag Kate Moss carried in this picture, or Azzedine Alaïa’s ’90s-era leopard take on Louis Vuitton’s Alma. Shoes are another accessible way to embrace the movement. Take cues from Rihanna, who recently wore a bold take on jeans-and-a-nice-top, complete with leopard Amina Muaddi boots (jeans tucked-in), a fuzzy Saint Laurent bag, Van Cleef & Arpels diamonds and Phoebe Philo shield glasses. (Vogue chose the apt headline “Rihanna Is Not Having Any Of Your Quiet Luxury Nonsense” to describe the star’s look.)
A quick internet search reveals leopard shoes aplenty at retailers right now, including (but certainly not limited to) everyday sneakers from Le Monde Beryl and J.Crew; evening-ready pairs from Prada and Saint Laurent, and chic flats from Toteme and Vibi Venezia. Pick your preference–and browse the best leopard-print shoes, now.
Toteme
leopard pony hair ballet flats
MODA OPERANDI
Prada
printed leather slingback pumps
PRADA
Saint Laurent
Cherish slingback pumps
SAKS FIFTH AVENUE
Alaïa
Le Cœur slingback heels
SSENSE
Manolo Blahnik
Carolyne 50 slingback pumps
MYTHERESA
Massimo Dutti
strappy heeled animal print sandals
MASSIMO DUTTI
J.Crew
Field sneakers
J.CREW
Le Monde Béryl
Slim Runner leopard print sneakers
LE MONDE BÉRYL
Zara
leather animal print sneakers
ZARA
Mansur Gavriel
Dream ballerina flats
MANSUR GAVRIEL
NORDSTROM
Chloé
Polly ballerina flats
CHLOÉ
Vibi Venezia
cheetah Mary Jane flats
ANTHROPOLOGIE
Reformation
Remy knee boots
REFORMATION
SHOPBOP
Marion Parke
Classic Slingback 70 heels
MARION PARKE
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty