RiRi’s fall wardrobe isn’t for the faint of heart 
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Styling underwear as outerwear is one of the more risqué fads to hit the trend cycle over the past few years, with everyone from Dakota Johnson to Kristen Stewart offering up their own takes. But, there is perhaps no better champion of the trend than the lingerie mogul herself: Rihanna.
On Thursday, the superstar showed us how the trend is done by visiting Savage x Fenty’s Lavish Lace collection debut at Nordstrom in Los Angeles. For the occasion, she wore a slate gray bustier made out of floral mesh, coordinated with matching gray lace tights.
She kicked it up a notch with the non-lingerie elements of her outfit, including black heeled sandals with bedazzled criss-crossing straps and a gigantic shag coat with tiers of multi-colored brown and burgundy fur.
Beauty-wise, Rihanna styled her chin-length bob in slick, wet mermaid waves. She wore a shimmery champagne eyeshadow with a smoked out cat eye, plus glossy brown lipliner. 
At the event, the “Love on the Brain” singer talked about her love for the lingerie trend in an interview with People.
“Lingerie to me should be worn any way and anywhere that you want,” she told the outlet. “Whether you want it to be seen on display outside of T-shirts, inside a jacket falling off, or just to be cozy or just to have a little support.”
But, when it comes to dressing up at home, the mom of two revealed that she tends to opt for more relaxed outfits. “Anything that's cozy, anything that's stretchy, anything that's easy to bend down and pick my kids up in. Those are the things I look for,” explained. “Things that don't scratch me, don't scratch them. We've got a lot of work to do in a day of a life of a mom.”
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.