Following in the footsteps of legendary Radio 2 star Steve Wright, whose afternoon show ran for a staggering 23 years, was always going to be a hard task for Scott Mills.
But as DJ Scott prepares to mark two years in the chair, he finally feels he's shaken off the 'new boy' tag and become part of the family, although it wasn’t always easy.
“You’ve got your hardcore, always listening to Radio 2 fans. Now it feels that I’ve been on long enough for them to be like, ‘Oh, we do quite like him now.’ Maybe they’d never listened to me before you know?”, he says.
But rather than trying to please a whole new audience, he believes many listeners followed him from Radio 1 where he made his name.
“I’ve been on the radio for hundreds of years so if you were 20 and you listened to me on Radio 1 and you’re now 40, you might have come over to Radio 2 with me,” said Scott. "People do like a routine. I think there’s a section of the audience who have moved across with me and it’s always nice to hear. There are people who text in or when you meet them, who say ‘Oh I used to listen to you on Radio 1’’ - it’s the same with Vernon Kay.”
Tragically just 16 months after the switch, Steve Wright passed away from a ruptured stomach ulcer at the age of 69. Scott was one of many DJs at the station to join the outpouring of tributes, calling the late host ‘an absolute legend.’
Being a new face at the station wasn’t daunting for Scott, who says he finally got to live it up with colleagues at the station’s annual Radio 2 in the Park festival, held in Leicester last year. Not least as there were a few glasses of vino involved.
“It felt really special to me. It was the first major thing I’d done here and the first time me and all the other DJs had got together. I just thought, ‘This is a flipping great place to work and everyone is amazing’. I had such a great time. I was drinking all the wines with Tony Blackburn, I was having an absolute blast with Michael Ball, who is hilarious, and hanging out with Owain Wyn Evans and Rylan Clark backstage. It was awesome."
He added: “It really made me feel, as the new boy I guess, that I was finally part of the family. It’s the best job. Radio 2 is just massive, it feels massive. It’s an honour and joy to be part of.”
Scott has undergone another routine shake-up in recent weeks, stepping in to cover for Zoe Ball’s Breakfast show following the death of her mother. Thankfully, he still enjoys the thrill of the early starts.
“I get a buzz everyday. A 4am alarm is not that much fun, but when it comes to 6.30am and you start playing the opening music to the show I still get that thrill every day and that’s what’s amazing. The adrenalin is still there. It feels great to be on air every day.
“All you have to do is get enough sleep. You do have to be disciplined. A few times this week I’ve called it quits at 8.30pm and if you do that you’re good."
Gone are the hard-partying days of his youth when he pulled in all-nighters.
“I’ve got more sensible as I’ve got older. I would go out and go straight into Radio 1 for early breakfast. But not anymore! You’ve got to prioritise sleep and exercise even when you feel like you can’t be bothered. It’s quite odd how quickly you adjust to early mornings if you have to.”
Scott is DJ-ing at the Radio 2 in the Park festival this weekend, which is being held in Preston. Sting, Sugababes and Kim Wilde are all playing the event which has this year been extended to three days after the success of Leicester in 2023.
The Radio 2 DJs are playing to listeners at a pre-party on Friday, and Scott says that’s one night he won’t be going to bed early.
“When you go away with a group of friends, everyone gets a bit giddy on the first day. I can’t wait," he said.
He is taking to the main stage to warm up the crowd ahead of Sunday night headliners The Pet Shop Boys alongside close friend and now colleague Rylan Clarke.
“It’s a lot of pressure to play before the headliner but I love it,” said Scott. “We’re still working through the setlist. Rylan has basically over the last couple of years taught himself, or he’s had lessons, in how to properly DJ. He can actually properly mix which I can’t say that I can! So fair play he has taken the time and effort to learn his craft. We've got some absolute bangers ready. I can promise the lead up to the Pet Shop Boys will be stunning.”
But festival life has not always been smooth-sailing for Scott, who was a stalwart for BBC Radio 1 festivals for over a decade.
“There was one time I DJ-ed before Lady Gaga,” he says. “It was peak Lady Gaga in 2011 and we were in Carlisle. They said I’d be on for 30 minutes but then 30 minutes turned into an hour then to an hour-and-a-half.
“And this is what I learned from this, you need to bring more than enough music because I was running out of tracks. It was a stress dream. I was looking at the crowd thinking, ‘I’ve got no songs left’.
“I was quite stressed that Lady Gaga wasn’t appearing and for some reason I went up really close to the big screens they have on the stage and, I don’t know why, but I touched the screen just to see what it was like. Now don’t do that because they are razor sharp. So I was DJing, Lady Gaga wasn’t turning up, I’m running out songs, and also because I’ve just touched the screen my finger is bleeding profusely. I was having to stem the blood flow with some very light blue jeans I had on. The stain was getting bigger and bigger. That was a lot of drama. St John's Ambulance came."
Another superstar proved problematic too.
“Another time I was on air, I was supposed to be interviewing Rihanna and it was live - it was in Preston again actually and she just wasn’t turning up. They said she’ll be five minutes and then an hour went by. Then she eventually comes out of the tour bus very casually with a bottle of perfume in her hand, sprayed her neck one side then the other and said “I’m ready”. The thing is with Rihanna she’d be late but you’d get a great interview.”
When he’s not been covering for Zoe Ball on Radio 2, viewers have seen another side of Scott on BBC series Race Around the World. Scott and his then fiance Scott Vaughan joined a group of famous faces marooned in Brazil to race their way across South America with no phone or flights and on a limited budget. Scott and Sam’s journey came just weeks before they were due to get married, with the presenter saying the experience only proved his partner was the one for him.
“It was one of the best things I’ll ever do,” said Scott. “When are you ever going to be able to do that again? Spend time with your partner for five weeks with no distractions, no phone, it was once in a lifetime and it was brilliant.
“I said to Sam the next time we go on holiday - and it will be a while for me because I’ve used up my annual leave for the show - I am putting my phone away for a whole week. We are absolutely addicted to them. It made me appreciate the basic things in life. You don’t need to book a fancy hotel, you don’t need to get taxis everywhere. You can survive living really basically. It was a real eye-opening experience.”
Another positive for Scott, was realising the man he was about to marry was his perfect partner as he said they ‘barely argued’ - compared to other duos on the show.
“When I first met Sam, it’s cliche, it had never happened to me before, but I thought, ‘I am going to marry him’. For all the reasons you are seeing on TV. He’s such a chilled, lovely man,” said Scott.
“We’d obviously been on holiday together before but I just knew we are going to be alright. Loads of people were like ‘Oh that’s a bit risky before you’re getting married’. And I thought no it’s a good thing because if you can handle that for five weeks you can do anything.
“But thank God for Sam. I would have run out of money. He’s super good with things like that. Sam loves a spreadsheet, loves organising, loves everything I’m not. We were a good team. As you probably saw in the last episode, if things aren’t going well, and we did have a lot of bad luck, I go into a negative mode and Sam is a positive person, that's another reason why I love him. He will pick you up - he is very good at that. Always a positive, which believe me, at times during that show you really needed.
“It made me realise that we don’t really argue. There were no arguments. So it turns out he is the person I should have married. I know that as you’ve seen some of the other couples did have some arguments some time, but I can tell you that we never did.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.