Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Rihanna's new product line is officially available to shop on Thursday.
Senior Trending News Writer

Rihanna showed off her natural texture on Monday while attending a Fenty Hair launch party in Los Angeles. The singer and entrepreneur recently announced her new product line, which is officially on sale starting Thursday.

	At the event, Rihanna sported a baggy red leather jacket and a matching pencil maxiskirt by Khaite, accessorizing with burgundy pumps, as well as ruby and diamond jewelry by Sabyasachi, David Webb and Reza.




			You May Also Like		






	Jahleel Weaver, who’s worked with the pop star since 2011, dressed her for the occasion.

	Hairdresser Yusef Williams styled Rihanna’s honey blond tresses in a curly crop, while makeup artist Priscilla Ono gave her rose gold eye shadow and brown lip liner.

	










	Rihanna first announced Fenty Hair June 5, sharing a short video to her social media accounts.

	“Fenty Hair is pullin up and it’s time to finally have the hair experience you’ve been waiting for,” she wrote.

	In a one-minute teaser, models with diverse hair textures show off their freshly done tresses as Rihanna makes her way down a colorful cul de sac. She also debuted a new hairdo, trading in her long locks for a pixie cut.

	“You know how much switching my hair up matters to me,” Rihanna continued in the caption. “I’ve had almost every texture, color, length, from weaves to braids to natural, so I am launching a flexible line of products for not only every hair want, but every single product is designed to strengthen and repair all types of hair, which is what we truly need. It’s time to play and get stronger by the style.”
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.