Rihanna’s doing press for her Fenty x Puma collection launch, but in the most adorable way. She was recently interviewed by a press conference filled with adolescent journalists like viral kids Jabria, Lyla Thornbury, and Jazlyn Guerra. Rihanna also reveals who her dream artist collaborator would be to Access Hollywood. Read more and listen to Rih Rih’s latest statements inside.
While there’s still no music in sight, Rihanna is on her latest press run to promote her Fenty x Puma collection. She recently sat down for a rapid-fire Q&A with Access Hollywood’s guest correspondent, 11-year-old Thornbury, during her Fenty x Puma collection launch event. In her fun, candid responses, Rihanna shared a glimpse into her personal tastes, Halloween plans, and a surprising music wish list.
When asked about her favorite Disney princess, Rihanna chose Belle from Beauty and the Beast, and, despite her own kids loving “Cocomelon,” she whispered her real favorite kid’s show: “Bluey.”
She also admitted she doesn’t like candy saying, “I am so not a kid!” When it comes to makeup, she’s all about bronzer. As for her favorite must-have fashion item? The right shoe, of course.
The real highlight of the interview came when Rihanna revealed her dream collaboration. The singer revealed that she would love to work with Billie Eilish, calling her “so good.” Fans of both artists are already buzzing about the prospect of a potential Rihanna-Billie track.
Eilish responded back on her story in amazement reposting the interview and saying, “What in the absolute f*ck. Oh my god. What the f*ck.”
Eilish has publicly praised Rihanna on several occasions in past interviews. The pop singer believes the Rih is “the hottest person to ever exist in the history of the world,” she told Vogue last year.
In another interview back in 2019, Eilish said the superstar is the one celebrity she’d like to meet.
“But, like, only if she wanted to,” Eilish detailed. “Because my entire life, I’ve never even wanted to meet my idols because I never wanted to bother them.”
It sounds like the two pop icons are set for a collaboration… eventually. That is if Rihanna ever decides to hop back in the booth again.
Rihanna also appeared at the most adorable press conference we have ever seen. The singer and businesswoman sat in front of a crowd of children who asked her the most entertaining questions and offered their hilarious “kids say the darndest things” commentary.
Rihanna even touched on her hopes of having a daughter in the future and hinted at some exciting Halloween costume ideas, proving once again she’s as relatable as she is iconic. With her Fenty x Puma collection, her family aspirations, and potential musical collabs on the horizon, Rihanna keeps us inspired, fashionable, and guessing about what’s next.


Rihanna’s Latest Press Run Features The Cutest Kid Journalists & Details Her Dream Music Collaborator 
						was originally published on
						globalgrind.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.