No one does bangs like Rihanna, simple as that. The Fenty Beauty founder has dabbled in fringe many, many times before, but it never gets old, and her latest set may just be one of her best ever.
Rih debuted the fresh fringe at a Puma event in London, pairing the long, straight-across style with equally long, straight blonde hair. (She just keeps getting blonder and blonder, and we're obsessed.) The bangs fall below her brows, brushing her eyelids, and flow into choppy layers that frame her face, while the rest of her hair falls at mid-chest. As usual, Rihanna's longtime stylist Yusef was behind the look — one that will definitely end up on tons of spring and summer 2024 moodboards.
Bangs are an essential part of Rihanna's hair evolution, and she's tried pretty much every variation on fringe: piece-y bangs, curtain bangs, curly bangs, choppy baby bangs, blunt bangs. I honestly don't think I could pick a favorite, though I do have a soft spot for the blonde shag of the early 2010s.
The blonde bangs weren't the only standout glam moment, either. Rihanna returned to the red-on-red lip and nail combo she was feeling around the time of her Super Bowl Halftime Show performance, wearing a bright crimson Fenty Beauty lip by makeup artist Priscilla Ono with a matching square-shaped scarlet mani via manicurist Jenny Longworth. Underneath the bangs, Ono brushed a shimmery champagne shadow across the musician's eyelids, then defined her green eyes with a subtle wing of black liner.
If the siren song of bangs is calling you, too, bring these pic to your stylist for inspiration, as they're the textbook definition of a classic fringe. And they're versatile too, especially if you're not 100% sure you can commit to a fringe style until they grow out. You can wear them across your forehead, like Rih does here, brush them to the side, part them in the center for a curtain style, or pin them back entirely. I guess we're all getting bangs this season!
More about bangs:
Now, watch Yusef revisit some of Rihanna's best looks ever:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices