Once again, Rihanna schools us in the art of making a trend your own. The Bad Gal put her own twist on the "no-pants" trend, styling a pair of Balenciaga's nude-illusion boots with an oversized tee and hoodie.
By now, everyone from Kristen Stewart to Hailey Bieber to Addison Rae has taken pantless 'fits out for a spin. They all looked great, but Rihanna has a habit of outshining everyone when it comes to fashion. Basically, it’s going to be hard for anyone else to go pantless in the name of fashion ever again. 
Rih and A$AP Rocky were photographed on a date in Los Angeles at Color Me Mine, one of those places you can get a glass of wine and paint pottery. How very normal of them! 
Not so normal? Rihanna’s outfit, which consisted of a T-shirt and a knotted button-down. On bottom, the singer wore a pair of Balenciaga "pantaboots" that made it look as if she had on nothing but fishnet stockings.
With her blonde hair tucked into a Los Angeles Dodgers hat and her lips painted a classic, matte red, Rihanna looked impossibly cool. On her arm, she carried a simple black Saint Laurent shopper that retails for $3,500, blinging out the otherwise normal clothes she was wearing. OK, Balenciaga pantaboots aren't exactly run-of-the-mill — but who’s to judge what makes a piece of clothing “normal” or not?
If you haven’t already tried out the no-pants look, it might be too late. Because how can one ever beat Rihanna and Balenciaga?
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.