Since her very first Chanel maternity 'fit, Rihanna has consistently proven herself to be not a regular-dressing mom but perhaps the coolest parent ever (next to Rocky, of course). And her iconic mom style is only getting better. 
Join me as I obsess over the billionaire's latest ensemble — or not...but you'll miss the stylish goodness. You've been warned. 
Rihanna and her first-born RZA hit up a Los Angeles bounce house over the weekend, gracing the scene of assumably screaming and jumping kids with their famous presence. The bounce house also got a taste of Rihanna's excellent outfit, too. 
For the outing, Rihanna wore a vintage white Metallica t-shirt paired with The Attico's snap-away pants. A few buttons of her baggy trousers were undone, almost like pulling back the curtain to reveal her slouchy leather combat boots (also The Attico). 
With Rihanna's blonde tresses twisted into a classy updo, large Gucci sunglasses wrapped around the beauty maven's face. At the same time, oversized gold chunky jewelry pieces glistened even during the cloudy day. 
The finale to this already-good ensemble? A big ol' leopard-printed Bottega Veneta coat. 
It seems Rihanna's many style pages were scrambling to find the designer of the star's furry outerwear piece (much to no luck). That is until one account took matters into their own hands and reached out directly to the musician on social media. 
"Let me tell you, sis. I am having a TIME finding this leopard coat you wore," Kyra typed in a message to the famous @badgalriri account, Rihanna's Instagram. 
Rihanna simply responds, "Bottega baby."
No shocking fashion news there. Her and A$AP Rocky are quite literally walking Bottega Veneta muses. In Rocky's case, the Highsnobiety cover star is a living breathing campaign.
Whereas Rocky enjoys trompe l'oeil leather garms, Rihanna often partakes in Bottega's big coats (its wonderfully woven handbags too). How could we forget how she paired the brand's $10,000 imitable massive tassel coat with short-shorts and New Balance's 550 sneakers? I'm still not over it and that happened over three years ago. 
Regardless, time to add Rihanna's latest look to her collection of impeccable coat moments...and cool mom 'fits.  
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.