e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition
BOULDER, Colo. – 
Celebrities, some memories are better left unmentioned. Please.
Rosario Dawson recently told the New York Times that her mom would lick her as a punishment.
Yes, lick.
“If she wanted to get my attention, she’d lick the side of my face or under my armpit … she’d say, ‘You came out of my vagina and I own every part of you,’ and she’d lick me like I was her wee pup and she was a lioness.”
Right. At least what the Dawsons saved on deodorant could be budgeted for breath mints.
Please, Rosario, keep the rest in the vault.
Whatever weekend memories subsist will garner more interest from a shrink.
Papa Spears in control
Britney Spears’ dad, Jamie, testified last week that Sam Lutfi and Adnan Ghalib covertly passed the pop star a pre-paid phone, which her security team confiscated from her purse while she was at dance practice.
Papa Spears, who is acting as his daughter’s conservator, says he has been strictly monitoring Britney’s cell phone use to keep her career on track.
And then he put her in time out because she didn’t finish all of her Brussels sprouts.
Rihanna and Chris reunited?
People magazine reports R&B stars Rihanna and Chris Brown spent time together at the Miami home of Sean “Diddy” Combs, just three weeks after Brown allegedly assaulted Rihanna — with the pop star’s dad saying he’ll stand behind his daughter.
The shocking news comes a week after a picture was leaked on the Internet showing Rihanna with a battered face and swollen lips.
I’ve watched too much Lifetime in my lifetime to know this will be far from a happy ending.
First, Diddy’s house? Really?
Second, come on dad — do you need Jamie Spears to give you a pep talk over some cheese grits?
And lastly, I don’t even need to say it. But of course I will.
Rihanna, the next hit will be you hitting the floor. Harder.
I’m just sayin’.
Fox and Green split
Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green have reportedly split — breaking off their engagement from 2006.
That’s a shocker. Maybe she realized that she is way prettier than he is, only 22 years old and named the 2008 “Sexiest Woman in the World” by FHM Magazine.
Or maybe it’s that Green is 35 years old, has a failing career, released a “rap” album in 1996, played David Silver on “90210” and, more importantly, dated Tori Spelling on screen. Ick.
Next stop for Fox? Laser removal.
She said Green’s name is tattooed next to her “pie.” Hey, she said it.
No more marriage for Liza
Singer/actress Liza Minnelli told Sunday’s Parade magazine she won’t get married again.
“It’s too hard on any man to be married to a woman like me,” she said.
Is it because there’s half a dozen gay men crammed in your satchel? Or is it that future suitors have tough competition from ex-husband David Gest? Or perhaps that you and Gest look like twins?
Sorry Liza, it was he who was truly the beast…
The Broadway icon said the reasons are because of her fame and her commitment to the fans. Well would you look at that? She cares about us.
You go Liza. I’ll start spreading the news.
I want my time back, weak article and who gives a f…
tits4tots
3/3/2009 11:08:12 AM
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group