Manage your account
Barbados may be best known for producing superstar entertainer Rihanna and the five-star resort Sandy Lane, a playground for the world’s rich and famous, but it is also home to impressive mansions and architecturally savvy estates that can fetch up to eight digits.
The architecture in Barbados tends toward a mix of British Colonial and West African influences, with elegant Georgian, Jacobean, and Palladian styles reigning supreme. Perhaps one of the island’s best examples of Palladian-style architecture is Four Winds, a sprawling estate on the island’s West Coast and one of the island’s most expensive villas currently on the open market. It was constructed in 1997 and designed by acclaimed Bajan architect Larry Warren. The estate fuses traditional Bajan style with the more formal Palladian style, a style known for its grand appearance, strict proportion, careful symmetry, and plethora of classical elements, like columns and cornices.
More from Robb Report
A Charming French-Style Chateau in New York's Hudson Valley Hits the Market for $12.3 Million
This $17 Million Penthouse Overlooks N.Y.C.'s Billionaires' Row
This Striking Lakefront Home in Norway Blends Into the Natural Landscape
Four Winds has had a few notable owners, including British financier Martyn Arbib, who sold the home around 2015. Now, Four Winds can be yours for $45 million. John D. Wood & Co. holds the listing.
Located along the shore of one of Barbados’ most sought-after beaches, Gibbes Beach, the sprawling estate is like a mini-resort. In total, there are ten bedrooms and ten bathrooms, perfect for entertaining large groups of friends and family. The main residence offers six bedrooms in a commodious 17,684 square feet, while the neighboring 4,603-square-foot guest cottage has another four bedrooms.
Upon entering the home, you’re met with a striking double-height foyer and a double staircase that leads to the second floor. Beyond the entry is a grand living space with patterned marble flooring, soaring ceilings, and three massive arched doorways that perfectly frame the Caribbean Sea and lead to the lushly planted backyard. Nearly every room offers outdoor access, and covered verandas wrap around both the first and second floors, offering a breezy reprieve from the sun.
Elsewhere on the main floor are a large kitchen embellished with stately columns and an oversized central island; a billiards room; a family room; a poker room; a salmon-colored cocktail lounge that wouldn’t look out of place in Palm Beach; and a formal dining area with intricate lattice-patterned pink-and-white walls. Grand columns, arched doorways, and marble accents add regal elements to each room.
Upstairs, each room connects to a private covered veranda with views over the grounds. Even the bathrooms weren’t an afterthought; most bathrooms have generously sized clawfoot tubs, intricate tilework and terrace access via French doors. There is also a second-floor living space with another private terrace, as well as a large gym with a seating area.
Outside are a lovely pool and a grass tennis court, which are connected via a covered seating area. There’s also a gazebo for al fresco dining and direct access to 380 feet of beach frontage. The entire 2.5-acre property is covered in native landscaping with vibrant florals and towering trees.
“Imagine waking up each morning to the sound of Caribbean waves and stepping onto a pristine stretch of sand,” says Alasdair Hedley, head of international at John D. Wood & Co. “Four Winds stands out due to its perfect blend of classical Palladian architecture and modern coastal luxury, extensive beach frontage, and meticulously designed indoor and outdoor spaces.”
Four Winds is perfectly located near Holetown and Speightstown, known for its pristine beaches with watersports and boating, as well as golf courses and local restaurants. And it’s just a 12-minute drive from One Sandy Lane, where Rihanna owns a palatial villa.
Click here for more photos of Four Winds.
Best of Robb Report
The 10 Priciest Neighborhoods in America (And How They Got to Be That Way)
In Pictures: Most Expensive Properties
Sign up for Robb Report's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Click here to read the full article.