\201cBecause she’s got a nice forehead and she’s fly, and I feel like I want to be her, so I want her to pretend to be me.\201d

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It’s really too soon to even be having this conversation—Rihanna has so much more life to live before it’s biopic time—but, for future reference, the mogul has revealed, per E! News, who she’d like to have portray her in the sure-to-be-future film about her life.
Rihanna apparently didn’t hesitate when asked by Justin Sylvester of E! News who she’d like to be her onscreen likeness someday. The chosen one? Taylor Russell, Rihanna told Sylvester at the launch for Fenty Hair earlier this week. (It’s available to buy today, June 13, by the way.)  
When it comes to Rihanna's choice of Russell, there's no doubt that yep, we see it.
Why was Russell the right pick? “Because she’s got a nice forehead and she’s fly, and I feel like I want to be her, so I want her to pretend to be me,” Rihanna said. 
The outlet, cheekily, reports that Rihanna believes Russell “is the only girl in the world who could capture her essence.” And Rihanna herself said of the Canadian actress “I want people to see me in that light,” she said. “Just gorgeous. She’s stunning.”
Russell at the Met Gala last month.
The biopic isn't happening anytime soon, but when it does happen? We'll be there in spades.
Russell—who just recently split from boyfriend Harry Styles—switched to acting at age 18 after having dreams of being a ballet dancer, according to E! News. She wasn’t on hand at the Fenty Hair launch to give her own take on the potential future casting, but she did previously tell Vogue that, when it comes to accepting roles, “I just want to be challenged and do things I’ve never done before.”
Well, playing one of the most legendary artists of our time would certainly fit that bill, right? And Russell is actually a triple threat—she acts, she dances, and she also sings. Well, kind of: “I sang when I was 13 in front of my whole school—a Destiny’s Child song,” she told W last year. “I don’t know why I decided to do that, because it was really embarrassing. I wasn’t into it at that moment. I would do it now, though.” 
Rihanna has a big week this week with the launch of Fenty Hair, but she didn't hesitate when asked about a project in the far distant future: her biopic.
Or, even better, pull out a song from RiRi’s deep archive—with hopefully more music to be added to it soon.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Rachel Burchfield is a writer, editor, and podcaster whose primary interests are fashion and beauty, society and culture, and, most especially, the British Royal Family and other royal families around the world. She serves as Marie Claire’s Senior Celebrity and Royals Editor and has also contributed to publications like Allure, Cosmopolitan, Elle, Glamour, Harper’s Bazaar, InStyle, People, Vanity Fair, Vogue, and W, among others. Before taking on her current role with Marie Claire, Rachel served as its Weekend Editor and later Royals Editor. She is the cohost of Podcast Royal, a show that was named a top five royal podcast by The New York Times. A voracious reader and lover of books, Rachel also hosts I’d Rather Be Reading, which spotlights the best current nonfiction books hitting the market and interviews the authors of them. Rachel frequently appears as a media commentator, and she or her work has appeared on outlets like NBC’s Today Show, ABC’s Good Morning America, CNN, and more. 

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


Alicia Keys performed for an impressive guest list, including Mikey Madison and Taylor Russell.


I mean, what did you expect??


Fans had mixed reactions to her performances of 'Anti' tracks "Needed Me" and "Sex With Me" over the weekend.


Proof that 2024 can still bring surprises.


"I always say music was the thing that got the attention, but God had other plans for me."


Her music catalog alone is worth an estimated $600 million.


Um, love this so much?


She filmed models as they walked the runway in pieces from A$AP's AWGE collection, American Sabotage.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.