By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:22, 26 December 2024   |  Updated:  14:20, 30 December 2024   
 221
View  comments
Beyoncé Knowles-Carter's eldest child - daughter Blue Ivy Carter - eclipsed her 5ft6in frame while dancing side by side during the epic NFL halftime performance at NRG Stadium in her Houston hometown on Christmas day.
The 43-year-old pop diva and her beleaguered husband Jay-Z will celebrate their 'gorgeous baby girl' officially becoming a teenager on January 7 when she turns 13.
Blue coordinated with Beyoncé in all-white western wear and $50 Akira 'Azalea Wang' boots as she served back-up dancer duties for the climactic, closing number - Texas Hold 'Em.
Knowles-Carter gave her precocious nepo-baby a discreet shout out mid-song when she changed the word 'boy' to 'Blue' in the lyric: 'Then spin me in the middle, Blue, I can't read your mind.'
Indeed, after the 32-time Grammy winner and Blue two-stepped and line-danced with the rest of the group they interlocked arms for a do-si-do, square-dance moment.
The two-time Guinness World Record holder might only be 12 but she's already garnered a Grammy Award, MTV VMA Moon Man, NAACP Image Award, Voice Arts Award, and two BET Awards.
Beyoncé Knowles-Carter's eldest child - daughter Blue Ivy Carter - eclipsed her 5ft6in frame while dancing side by side during the epic NFL halftime performance at NRG Stadium in her Houston hometown on Christmas day
Blue previously danced back-up for Beyoncé's songs My Power and Black Parade during her $579.8M-grossing, 56-date Renaissance World Tour last year.
Knowles-Carter certainly sleighed - performing a 15-minute, eight-song medley during the football game where the Baltimore Ravens absolutely creamed the Houston Texans 31-2.
The Texan songstress also invited Post Malone and Shaboozey onstage to perform with her during the Netflix-streamed concert.
Beyoncé raised eyebrows using a finger-gun gesture just as a big 'Bang' banner unfurled beneath her platform, a move which is illegal for NFL players to make on the field.
Noticeably absent from the family festivities was the 55-year-old Roc Nation founder, who supported his prolific daughter at the December 9th premiere of Disney's Mufasa: The Lion King because she made her acting debut voicing Kiara.
Jay-Z (born Shawn Carter) is in the midst of a legal war against attorney Tony Buzbee, whose Jane Doe client accused him of raping her, at age 13, in 2000 alongside Diddy in a civil lawsuit.
'We are aware of the civil allegations and Jay Z's really strong response to that,' Roger Goodell said at a December 11th press conference.
'We know, obviously, that litigation is happening. But from our standpoint, our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl.'
The 65-year-old NFL commissioner famously hired the Brooklyn-born rap mogul to be the live music entertainment strategist in 2019, which is precisely how Knowles-Carter scored her televised gig Wednesday.
The 43-year-old pop diva and her beleaguered husband Jay-Z will celebrate their 'gorgeous baby girl' officially becoming a teenager on January 7 when she turns 13
Blue coordinated with Beyoncé in all-white western wear and $50 Akira 'Azalea Wang' boots as she served back-up dancer duties for the climactic, closing number - Texas Hold 'Em
Knowles-Carter gave her precocious nepo-baby a discreet shout out mid-song when she changed the word 'boy' to 'Blue' in the lyric: 'Then spin me in the middle, Blue, I can't read your mind'
Indeed, after the 32-time Grammy winner and Blue two-stepped and line-danced with the rest of the group they interlocked arms for a do-si-do, square-dance moment
The two-time Guinness World Record holder might only be 12 but she's already garnered a Grammy Award, MTV VMA Moon Man, NAACP Image Award, Voice Arts Award, and two BET Awards
Blue previously danced back-up for Beyoncé's songs My Power and Black Parade during her $579.8M-grossing, 56-date Renaissance World Tour last year (pictured in 2023)
Knowles-Carter certainly sleighed - performing a 15-minute, eight-song medley during the football game where the Baltimore Ravens absolutely creamed the Houston Texans 31-2
The Texan songstress raised eyebrows using a finger-gun gesture just as a big 'Bang' banner unfurled beneath her platform, a move which is illegal for NFL players to make on the field
Noticeably absent from the family festivities was the 55-year-old Roc Nation founder (L), who supported his prolific daughter at the December 9th premiere of Disney's Mufasa: The Lion King because she made her acting debut voicing Kiara 
Jay-Z (born Shawn Carter) is in the midst of a legal war against attorney Tony Buzbee, whose Jane Doe client accused him of raping her, at age 13, in 2000 alongside Diddy (L, pictured in 2020) in a civil lawsuit 
Roger Goodell said at a December 11th press conference: 'We are aware of the civil allegations and Jay Z's really strong response to that. We know, obviously, that litigation is happening. But from our standpoint, our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl'
The 65-year-old NFL commissioner (L, pictured in 2019) famously hired the Brooklyn-born rap mogul to be the live music entertainment strategist in 2019, which is precisely how Beyoncé scored her televised gig Wednesday
Jay-Z also serves as executive producer of the halftime show, having been instrumental in picking Jennifer Lopez and Shakira in 2020, The Weeknd in 2021, Dr. Dre in 2022, Rihanna in 2023, Usher in 2024, and Kendrick Lamar for 2025 (pictured) 
The married couple of 16 years - worth a combined $3B - originally met back in 1998, and they're also proud parents of seven-year-old fraternal twins, son Sir Carter and daughter Rumi Carter 
On Wednesday, Queen Bey - who boasts 423.6M social media followers - teased a new music video dropping January 14 with a slow-motion clip captioned: 'Look at that horse'
Beyoncé is nominated for 11 trophies - including album of the year - at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards, which air February 2 on CBS/Paramount+
Jay-Z also serves as executive producer of the halftime show, having been instrumental in picking Jennifer Lopez and Shakira in 2020, The Weeknd in 2021, Dr. Dre in 2022, Rihanna in 2023, Usher in 2024, and Kendrick Lamar for 2025.
The married couple of 16 years - worth a combined $3B - originally met back in 1998, and they're also proud parents of seven-year-old fraternal twins, son Sir Carter and daughter Rumi Carter.
On Wednesday, Queen Bey - who boasts 423.6M social media followers - teased a new music video dropping January 14 with a slow-motion clip captioned: 'Look at that horse.'
Beyoncé is nominated for 11 trophies - including album of the year - at the 67th Annual Grammy Awards, which air February 2 on CBS/Paramount+.
On September 26, Knowles-Carter lost all 12 trophies she was nominated for her eighth studio album at the 2024 People's Choice Country Awards.
This, after the Oscar-nominated songwriter - who gets 55.2M monthly listeners on Spotify -shockingly received zero nominations at the 58th Annual Country Music Association Awards.
And while country music industry elites went out of their way to snub her, Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter became her eighth consecutive No. 1 album on the Billboard 200 and the first album by a black woman to top the Top Country Albums chart.
Knowles-Carter's first foray into the genre also scored her No. 1 records in the UK, Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and the Netherlands.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group