Two winged EV racers and two regular 5 Ns will target the Electric Modified SUV/Crossover and Electric Production SUV/Crossover records                        
Hyundai is taking four Ioniq 5 N EVs to next month’s Pikes Peak International Hill Climb, and it’s just given us a sneak look at the lineup, including the two TA Spec versions the team has modified with huge aero kits.
While the stock 5 Ns are looking to be the first to set an Electric Production SUV/Crossover time – there is no existing record to break – the tuned versions want to set a time for the Electric Modified SUV/Crossover class.
Related: Hyundai Returns To Pikes Peak To Break Records
Compared with the production-class Ioniq 5 Ns, which are only lightly modified for safety purposes with a Recaro Pro Racer SPA Hans driver’s seats, Sabelt six-point racing harnesses, a roll cage and fire suppression system, the winged cars are far more serious.
The bi-motor drivetrain’s rear motor gets new software that adds 36 hp (37 PS /27 kW), taking the car’s total output to 677 hp (687 PS / 505 kW), and there are new three-way-adjustable dampers and motorsport-spec brakes stashed behind 18-inch wheels wearing Yokohama ADVAN 005 slicks. Naturally, the same safety kit featured on the stock cars also makes an appearance here.
Hyundai has also modified the road car’s N Active Sound+ simulated engine noise system with special speakers allowing it to pump out 120 dB, allowing the team to ditch the awful sirens electric cars running at Pikes Peak usually have to use, and also promising to deliver some useful feedback for the drivers.
The TA cars will be piloted by four-time PPIHC winner Robin Shute and Dani Sordo, a Spanish World Rally Championship driver for Hyundai Motorsport, while 11-time winner and three-time ‘King of the Mountain’ Paul Dallenbach and rookie Ron Zaras will drive the production models.
Hyundai announced details about the Pikes Peak cars at the Nürburgring in Germany, where it will run three Elantra N TCRs in this weeknd’s 24-hour race, and used the same opportunity to confirm that it is working on several projects with the makers of the Gran Turismo racing game, including a PPIHC simulation.

Google News


MSN Start


                                        Chris is a seasoned automotive journalist with over two decades of experience. He has worked...                                         
Read full bio