By
The Weeknd shared the release date of his highly anticipated album, Hurry Up Tomorrow.
On Wednesday (November 27), the pop superstar announced that the album would be released on January 24, 2025. In celebration.  Reportedly, the project will be the Weeknd’s last album under his current stage name. It will be his first full-length album since he dropped Dawn FM in 2022.
The Weeknd will be staging a “massive one-night-only live stadium show” held at the Rose Bowl Stadium in Pasadena, California a day after the project drops.
According to a press release, the show will be a “never-before-seen production” that will take over the whole stadium floor.
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
On the album, Pharrell Williams, Max Martin, and Mike Dean are listed as producers on the album.
Singles from the project include “Dancing in the Flames,”  “Timeless,” featuring Playboi Carti, and  “São Paulo” featuring Anitta.
Recently, the Canadian singer played a one-night-only show at Estádio MorumBIS in São Paulo, Brazil following his fall tour in Australia. 
From 2023 and 2023, he performed more than 60 sold-out shows across North America, Europe, and Latin America, on his global tour
In September, “The Hills” singer released a teaser on Instagram about his vision behind the project.
“Yesterday was fourteen years ago,” the video opens. “We held our breath, falling into a shimmering sea in the After Hours of the night… I look in the mirror and feel both old and new, stuck in limbo and unable to move. I still haven’t faced myself.”
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
“More songs could help, but what do I have left to say? Woe is me in my gilded cage, right?” he continued. “The very thing that once made me invincible failed me on the world stage. A new trauma surfaced, opening floodgates. A new path awaits. When today ends, I’ll discover who I am.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97