The Weeknd has invited everyone to watch his one-night-only concert in São Paulo, Brazil.
The artist is set to perform in the Brazilian city at Estádio MorumBIS with a Live Nation-produced show on Sept. 7. The concert promises to feature some of his most beloved material, as well as "a glimpse into what's next for the artist." He's recently shared several snippets from the highly-anticipated follow-up to 2022's Dawn FM, and he's shared another new snippet with the arrival of the trailer, which can be seen below.
"I’m so excited to announce that we’ll be live streaming my show from São Paulo, Brazil, so everyone around the world can be a part of this special night," the artist shared in a statement. "I wish I could come to every city and town on earth, but moments like this give us the chance to connect in real-time at least and share that energy together, no matter where you are."
The Weeknd fans flooded Ticketmaster Brazil and Live Nation when the tickets for the concert went live. It was so popular among fans, that over 420,000 people attempted to secure tickets. The venue features 73,000 seats, so while he couldn't meet the demand of fans he's more than happy to let them watch from the comfort of their own home via YouTube.
Additionally, he's since revealed that 10 percent of net proceeds from merch sales at the event and online will go to the Brazilian Soul Fund, a charity helping families rebuild following natural disasters in the country.
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
The Weeknd’s One-Time São Paulo Show Sold Out After 420,000 People Attempted to Buy Tickets
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
The Weeknd Teases Next Chapter of ‘Dawn FM’ With Video Announcement, Single Snippet: 'There Are Three Chapters' (UPDATE)
music | BY tara mahadevan
The Weeknd Attends Kendrick Lamar's 'Pop-Out' Concert After Trading Disses With Drake
Last month, The Weeknd shared a short teaser and indicated the next album is on the way soon. "There Are Three Chapters in this Tale," The Weeknd captioned his Instagram post. The previous two installments in the trilogy, After Hours and Dawn FM, were released in 2020 and 2022, respectively.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.