Music videos are so yesterday. It's 2024 — time to strap on the Vision Pro and experience Apple Immersive Video instead.
Apple just revealed that The Weeknd, who made a cameo appearance during the iPhone 16 "Glowtime" livestream, is unleashing a new "breathtaking immersive experience" that is designed exclusively for the Vision Pro. It will celebrate a new song from the "Blinding Lights" crooner.
This will be all part of the Apple Immersive Video experience, a new-ish, enveloping 3D storytelling format, enhanced with spatial audio, that transports viewers into the center of the action with a 180-degree field of view.
It's not out yet, though. It'll be released next month, Apple said in a press release.
In addition to the The Weeknd's music video, Apple is dropping an immersive film called 2024 NBA All-Star Weekend that features the first-ever NBA vs. WNBA 3-point challenge between Steph Curry and Sabrina Ionescu.
You can enjoy 2024 NBA All-Star Weekend on Oct. 17.
Other upcoming Apple Immersive Video projects arriving on Vision Pro include:
Concert for One: Imagine getting up close and personal with your favorite artists in the most intimate way possible. Kicking things off is a performance by British singer-songwriter, RAYE. Apple’s latest concert series is dropping later this year. 
Adventure takes you on thrilling journeys with pioneering athletes as they conquer the world’s most breathtaking challenges. In a new upcoming episode called “Ice Dive," viewers will join freediver Ant Williams as he attempts to break his record for the longest distance under ice on a single breath. This will launch in December.
Elevated: This show is for viewers who enjoy aerial views of sweeping landscapes. The first episode, for example, showcases Hawaii's majestic volcanoes, awe-inspiring waterfalls, and other eye-catching natural wonders. It's already been released for U.S. Vision Pro users, but it now has global availability.
As if that's not enough, Apple also announced that Submerged, the Vision Pro's first scripted short in the "Apple Immersive Video" format, is dropping. Submerged allows users to follow the troubles of a WWI-era crew inside a torpedo-attacked submarine.
It will be available to stream via the Apple TV app on Vision Pro starting today.

Topics
Apple
Virtual Reality

Kimberly Gedeon, at Mashable since 2023, is a tech explorer who enjoys doing deep dives into the most popular gadgets, from the latest iPhones to the most immersive VR headsets. She's drawn to strange, avant-garde, bizarre tech, whether it's a 3D laptop, a gaming rig that can transform into a briefcase, or smart glasses that can capture video. Her journalism career kicked off about a decade ago at MadameNoire where she covered tech and business before landing as a tech editor at Laptop Mag in 2020.