Apple Music is a streaming service that includes 50 million songs and is available on iOS, macOS, HomePod, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Sonos, Fire TV, Amazon Echo, and Android.
Apple Music is the company’s music streaming subscription-based service that was released on June 30 of 2015 in 100 countries. Apple Music has over 90 million songs in its catalog and offers the ability to download your favorite tracks and play them offline.
With the possibility of listening across all your favorite devices, Apple Music offers new music personalized for every user, curated playlists from Apple’s editors, exclusive Radio, video clips, and original content. Recently, the company introduced a HiFi quality for the service up to 24 bits at 192 kHz.
Here’s everything you need to know about Apple Music.
Apple Music is available on a variety of devices: iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, Apple TV, Mac, HomePod, CarPlay, PC, Android, Sonos, Amazon Echo, Samsung Smart TV, Google Nest, PlayStation 5, and the web.
To be more specific, the service needs at least iOS 10 and watchOS 2.2 to run on your Apple devices. Here are the devices available: 
It’s also possible to listen to it on your browser, just type music.apple.com. A subscription is required.
Apple Music is a subscription-based service and it doesn’t have a free tier like Spotify, although you can try it for free for three months. As for now, the service has four subscription tiers available. Here they are:
With a Student or Individual subscription, you can:
A family subscription offers:
Individual and student subscriptions have the same benefits. To apply for a student subscription, you just need to verify your college credentials with UNiDAYS every year while you’re studying. 
Apple Music is available on all Apple One bundles as well. Learn more here.
Apple released in December of 2021 the “Apple Music Voice Plan,” a new subscription tier for the service for $4.99/month. Users have Siri as their main way to listen to songs.
According to Apple, starting with iOS 15.2 users can subscribe to the Voice Plan through Siri by saying “Hey Siri, start my Apple Music Voice trial,” or by signing up through the Music app. Once subscribed to the plan, users can request music be played across all of their Siri-enabled devices, including HomePod mini, AirPods, iPhone, or any other Apple device, and when using CarPlay.
Subscribers can ask Siri to “Play the dinner party playlist,” “Play something chill,” or even “Play more like this” for a personalized music experience. Unfortunately, it’s important to note that Spatial Audio and Lossless quality won’t be supported with this low-cost plan, as well as lyrics, and music videos.
This new option is available in Australia, Austria, Canada, China mainland, France, Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Spain, Taiwan, the UK, and the US.
This is sort of true because, in macOS Catalina, Apple killed iTunes. The Music app is where you can find all your songs, bought on the iTunes Store, ripped from a CD, or downloaded via Apple Music. 
Before Apple Music, there was iTunes Match. The service uploaded your music library from the Apple Music app on your Mac or iTunes for Windows on your PC. Then you could access your music library on all of your devices that have Sync Library turned on.
Since Apple introduced its music service, the company encourages users to subscribe to the service, since you get all of the benefits of iTunes Match, plus access to the entire Music catalog.
Since Apple Music launched, Apple offers most of its catalog over the Apple Digital Masters label. With the AAC format over MP3, the company says the Advanced Audio Coding achieves the portability and convenience of compressed and encoded digital audio while retaining the audio quality that’s indistinguishable from much larger digital files.
With Apple Digital Masters, artists can offer higher-quality tunes. Taylor Swift, Paul McCartney, Billie Eilish, and Sigrid, for example, offer their catalog with this label.
In June 2021, Apple released Apple Music with Lossless and Dolby Atmos support with much greater quality.
In May of 2021, Apple announced it was bringing lossless music quality options to its entire catalog at no extra cost, starting in June. Apple said lossless quality would be available for more than 90 million tracks in the Apple Music library by the end of 2021. Although it didn’t happen, most of the service’s library is indeed available in this higher quality.
Alongside lossless, Apple launched support for Spatial Audio music with songs authored in Dolby Atmos. Users can listen to select albums with an immersive 3D sound space on AirPods 3, AirPods Pro, AirPods Max and Beats headphones with an H1 or W1 chip. Apple says thousands of Dolby Atmos are already available.
Apple says Dolby Atmos is supported by iPhone, iPad, Mac, and Apple TV using any pair of headphones. This includes AirPods, AirPods Pro, AirPods Max, BeatsX, Beats Solo3 Wireless, Beats Studio3, Powerbeats3 Wireless, Beats Flex, Powerbeats Pro, and Beats Solo Pro, but there are a few differences.
For example, no Bluetooth headphones will offer Lossless quality. Apple says that AirPods Max with a wired connection can offer a similar sound to Lossless, but to stream Hi-Res Lossless quality at 24 bit at 192 kHz it will require another headphone with an external DAC.
One of the features available with iOS 15 for AirPods 3, AirPods Pro, and AirPods Max is “Spatialize Stereo,” which uses head-tracking for an immersive sound experience. 
With iOS 14.6 or newer, follow these steps:
To listen to between Lossless and Hi-Res Lossless:
Apple said that by the end of 2021, all of its catalog would be available in Lossless, but the company didn’t reach its goal, because it doesn’t require artists to upload a Lossless version of their tunes. Even though, as of 2022, it’s possible to say that most Apple Music catalog is already available in Lossless.
Dolby Atmos is an immersive audio format that enables musicians to mix music so it sounds like the instruments are all around you in space.
Lossless audio compression reduces the original file size of a song while preserving all of the data. Apple Music is making its entire catalog of more than 90 million songs available in lossless audio at different resolutions in Apple Music, “Lossless” refers to lossless audio up to 48kHz, and “Hi-Res Lossless” refers to lossless audio from 48kHz to 192kHz. Lossless and Hi-Res Lossless files are very large and use much more bandwidth and storage space than standard AAC files.
Yes, HomePod and HomePod mini stream in Lossless quality, as long as you update your smart speaker to version 15.1. Follow these steps to enable the quality:
Only the original HomePod can stream songs with Dolby Atmos and Spatial Audio support. To do the same with the HomePod mini, you need to have a pair of them synchronized with an Apple TV 4K. From the Apple TV, you can play songs in Dolby Atmos using Apple Music. Learn more about it here.
Apple Music is highlighting content that’s available in Spatial Audio in the Listen Now, Browse, and Search tabs
You can find the full how-to here.
With the release of iOS 16, Apple Music offers a few new tweaks:
Apple Music has a Replay playlist of your most played songs of each year from 2015 when the service launched.
The feature doesn’t have much, but by the end of every year, you can enter the Replay website here and see how much you listened to your favorite artists, your top 100 songs, and play counts for your top albums. 
With iOS 15, by the end of the “Listen Now” tab, you can find all your Replay playlists as well. Apple Music Replay 2022 is already available.
The main Apple Music competitor is Spotify. They’re both very similar. While AM is a better choice for those who already have a long-time iTunes catalog purchased, Spotify is the key music service if you love recommendations and algorithm-curated playlists.
With Spotify raising its prices, Music becomes a solid choice if you bundle it with Apple One. By the beginning of 2021, 9to5Mac compared both services so Apple users could know which was best for them:
Starting with Apple One, I think is more convenient to pay one subscription for a lot of services rather than paying only Spotify for one service. With the Apple One Family plan, I have 200GB of iCloud storage, Apple TV+, Apple Arcade, and Apple Music, and I can share all of these services with my family. For $19.95 a month, I have way more benefits instead of paying $9.99 per month for Spotify individual plan or $16.99 for a family subscription that only includes the music service.
Read more:
As on iOS 15, Apple Music has five tabs on the iPhone. In this guide, I’ll explain what each tab does. There’s also your Profile on the app.
“Listen Now” is a section based on your favorite picks. It shows your recently played songs, what your friends are listening to, and stations and mixes just for you. At the end of the page, you can find the Replay section with your top songs by each year.
iOS 15 introduces a new “Shared With You” section where you can find songs your friends shared via iMessage. When you click on their names, you can reply to the message.
The “Browse” section is curated by Apple editors. You can find the most listened-to songs everywhere, new releases, what’s trending, exclusive playlists, Spatial Audio songs, the Daily Top 100, and what’s coming soon.
With iOS 14.5, Apple introduced its City Charts, a bunch of playlists with the Top 25 songs of over 100 cities around the world. It’s updated daily. You can learn more about it here.
Apple Music Radio is the rebrand of Beats 1. Introduced in 2020, it offers shows, interviews, and everything else you expect from a radio. Apple Music Hits and Country are people’s favorite stations.
“Apple Music is home — it’s home to artists, it’s home to fans, and it’s home to incredible music,” said Zane Lowe, Apple Music’s global creative director, and host. “I’m an obsessive music nerd. I love searching for the most exciting new artists and playing them right alongside the most essential, established artists of our time because great music does not know the difference and the service’s fans just want to hear great music.”
The “Library” section is where you find your added songs. You can opt to listen to them online or offline. The offline songs are also available in the “Downloaded” tab.
You can edit the section to appear just the tabs you use, such as “Playlists,” “Artists,” “Albums,” and “Songs,” while toggling of “Genres,” “Compilations,” and others.
You can search on Apple Music and in your library. You can also browse categories or write a part of a lyric to find the song.
The Now Playing screen shows the song, album, or playlist you’re listening to. You can enjoy the “lyrics view”, AirPlay your song using your speaker, Apple TV, Smart TV, wireless headphones, and see what will play next. In this section you can “Shuffle,” turn “Repeat” on, and toggle the “Infinite” button, to keep playing similar songs after a playlist or album is over.
In the “Now Playing” section, you can also share the song or the lyrics on Instagram and other social media platforms, and let Apple Music know if you love the song or want the service to suggest less like this.
With iOS 15, you get a small label above the play/pause button indicating whether the song is streaming in Lossless, Hi-Res Lossless, or Dolby Atmos.
At the top of the “Listen Now” section, there’s your Profile. You have to click on your photo, then “View Profile.” In this section, there are your public playlists, what you recently listened to, who you follow, and who follows you. 
The social part was never Apple’s strong move. These public playlists you can share with everyone and you can see who adds your list to their library, which is nice. But apart from that and the possibility to know what your friends are listening to, there’s not much to do here.
By the end of August of 2021, Apple announced it was acquiring the music streaming service Primephonic. The company plans to integrate “Primephonic playlists and exclusive audio content” into Apple Music. According to the announcement, users will also find “better browsing and search capabilities by composer and repertoire, detailed displays of classical music metadata, plus new features and benefits.”
Apple Music plans to launch a dedicated classical music app next year combining Primephonic’s classical user interface that fans have grown to love with more added features. In the meantime, current Primephonic subscribers will receive six months of Apple Music for free, providing access to hundreds of thousands of classical albums, all in Lossless and high-resolution audio, as well as hundreds of classical albums in Apple Music’s Spatial Audio, with new albums added regularly.
In February 2022, 9to5Google discovered references on Apple Music code showing that Apple intends to call its dedicated classical music app Apple Classical. You can learn more about it here.
Apple Music already offers three months for free for new users, but now and then the service adds a deal to attract users.
This time, if you’re in the military or a veteran, there’s a special offer where you can get four months of subscription for free. If this is the case for you, there are only a few steps you need to follow.
The offer can be accessed through this link, which will redirect you to an authentication webpage on Apple’s website. To get a special code that provides up to four months free of Apple Music, all you need to do is log in with an ID.me account. However, even if you’re already an Apple Music subscriber, you can get an extra month of subscription for free through the same page.
Not only that, but Apple is bundling 6-month free trials of Apple Music with purchases of eligible AirPods and Beats products. The free period is available to new buyers of AirPods and Beats headphones as well as existing owners. 
Customers have up to 90 days to redeem the offer, after first pairing the newly-purchased headphones to a device. Existing owners of AirPods or Beats have up to 90 days from the time that they upgraded to the latest iOS version.
Apple Music Awards honor achievements in music across five distinct categories and winners are chosen through a process that reflects both Apple’s editorial perspective and what customers around the world are loving most. The award recognizes the best and boldest musicians of the year.
Apple has designed a series of physical awards that represent the extraordinary craftsmanship integral to creating music. Each award features Apple’s custom silicon wafer suspended between a polished sheet of glass and a machined and anodized aluminum body. The result of this multi-month process, before it is sliced into hundreds of individual chips, is stunning and distinctive. In a symbolic gesture, the same chips which power the devices that put the world’s music at your fingertips sit at the very heart of the Apple Music Awards.
Here are the categories and which artist had won in each one of them:
In 2021, Apple also introduced a new category that recognizes local artists from five different regions: Africa, France, Germany, Japan, and Russia. Here are they:
As of now, Billie Eilish and Olivia Rodrigo are the artists with more Music Awards with three awards each. Billie Eilish has won in 2019 as “Artist of the Year,” “Songwriter of the Year,” and “Top Album of the Year,” while Olivia Rodrigo won in 2021 as “Breakthrough Artist of the Year,” “Top Song of the Year,” and “Top Album of the Year.”
In 2021, Apple revamped Apple Music for Artists webpage. According to the company, the new webpage (available at artists.apple.com) is the new “centralized home” for artists to find the tools and information on how to get their music ready for Apple’s streaming platform.
Through the new “Create” tab, artists can get some helpful tips on how to use Apple’s devices and apps to compose a song. The company highlights things like the Voice Memos app, GarageBand, and Logic Pro with third-party plugins. Apple also encourages artists to edit music videos with Final Cut Pro and content for social networks with the Clips app.
The webpage also has a “Release” menu that provides in-depth details about the process of releasing songs on Apple Music, which includes finding a trusted distributor, choosing a good image for the artist page, and uploading lyrics to the songs.
Artists can also share Milestones with fans. This new feature lets artists share an achievement on Twitter, Facebook, and even Instagram Stories.
“Share your big moments right from the Apple Music for Artists iOS app. With just a few taps you can let your fans know about new playlists featuring your songs, how many Shazams you have in a given country or region, and other notable milestones you’ve hit on Apple Music.“
Learn more about it here.
Earlier this week, news broke that Apple Music was getting new leadership within Apple, including a major new outside hire. That leadership could very well infuse some TikTok-style innovation into Apple Music before long. Here’s why.
Apple this week quietly released a huge update to the Apple Music app for Windows. With the latest version, PC users can now play Spatial Audio songs with Dolby Atmos.
iOS 18.4 is here, bringing with it a ton of new features. One of my favorites? A new Apple Music capability that expands the service’s reach beyond the Music app, pushing further into Control Center and more.
In iOS 18.4, Apple added a new ambient music feature to Control Center. It does exactly what it sounds like, and provides a variety of options to play some ambient background music with the tap of a button. It’s a great start, and I’d love to see Apple expand this feature in the future.
iOS 18.4 is currently in beta, but Apple just released the RC earlier this week – so it’ll likely release to the public in the very near future.
There’s no shortage of music-focused apps on the App Store, but one that’s long stood out among my favorites is MusicHarbor. Now, as part of a big version 5.0 update, the app supports a feature that Apple Music should have added years ago: news integration. Here’s why I think Apple News integration would be a perfect addition to not only the Music app but also TV, Books, and more.
If you’re having trouble accessing Apple Music, you’re not alone. Apple says its music streaming service is currently experiencing an outage, and there’s no timeline on when things will be back up and running. 
Apple Music has partnered with His Majesty for The King’s Music Room, a special radio playlist set to celebrate this year’s Commonwealth’s Day. 
During the show, King Charles will share personal anecdotes amidst his curated playlist of songs ranging from “1930s crooners to Afrobeats stars, as well as disco divas and reggae icons” …
Apple has released a new update to Shazam, the music tagging service that it bought in 2018. The latest version adds songs tagged from outside the app to the Shazam playlist in Apple Music and Spotify. 
Apple just launched the first iOS 18.4 beta. Joining new Apple Intelligence languages, a Food section for News+ subscribers, and an Apple Vision Pro app on iPhone, iOS 18.4 also adds new Ambient Music controls that can be used in Control Center, on your Lock Screen, and more—powered by Apple Music.
Apple Music has today officially announced a special promotional offer for new subscribers. For a limited time, new subscribers can get six months of Apple Music for just $2.99. That’s a big saving compared to the regular price of $10.99 per month.
Apple says the offer is available to new and eligible subscribers only. It’s unclear if it is exclusive to the United States, or also available in other regions.
The new Replay playlist is now available on Apple Music. Users are noticing today that the Replay 2025 playlist is now showing up in their libraries. 
Apple Music Replay continuously aggregates your top songs, albums, and artists. The playlist updates throughout the year, culminating in a full-year-in-review feature in December. 
If you haven’t heard, Kendrick Lamar is set to perform at the Apple Music Halftime Show during Super Bowl LIX in New Orleans on Sunday, February 9. The rematch between the Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs starts at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT, and there’s a free way to stream it in 4K this year.
Adding to the hype is an exclusive Apple Vision Pro experience through Apple Arcade. The immersive music game and Apple Design Award nominee Synth Riders is launching an exclusive Kendrick Lamar “HUMBLE.” Synth Riders Experience in anticipiation of the Apple Music Halftime Show. 
Five days ago, Spotify disputed a report that Apple Music pays artists more than double compared to Spotify’s average rates. In completely unrelated news, Spotify has published a blog post announcing record payouts to the music industry in 2024.
Not every music streaming service pays artists equally, and a new report highlights the breadth of disparities from one streamer to the next—including Apple Music paying more than double Spotify’s average rates.
Update 2:50 p.m. ET: Added statement from Spotify spokesperson to the end.
Apple Music hasn’t technically received any AI upgrades yet, but there’s one recent Apple Intelligence feature that has nonetheless proven a surprisingly great addition to the Music app since iOS 18.2 launched. Here are the details.
We may be just a few days into 2025, but Apple thinks it can already tell which upcoming music artists are set to make a breakthrough this year. The company shared its predictions as the Shazam Fast Forward 2025.
Apple looked at the trending artists in the first five days of music Shazammed by users, and had its own music editors review them … 
Although iOS comes with a native Apple Music app, there are some third-party apps that offer even better experiences for those who subscribe to Apple’s streaming service. If you’re an Apple Music subscriber and want to find out how to better enjoy your music library, check out some of the best iOS apps with Apple Music integration.
This hasn’t been a great year for the HomePod, but Apple’s finally showing its smart speaker some love. Today’s HomePod 18.2 software update brings a key upgrade to what’s surely the device’s most used Siri feature: Apple Music requests.
Apple Music has announced an expansion of its radio offerings today, with three brand new stations featuring live hosts and curation.
Apple has been testing iOS 18.2 for a while now, and the update brings a lot of new features related to Apple Intelligence such as Genmoji and Image Playground. However, there’s another small but important change for users of the Apple Music and Apple TV app, and that’s the ability to search using natural language in those apps.
The narrative for years has been that Spotify Wrapped, a look back at your music listening habits for the year, has left Apple Music members longing for a matching experience. Apple Music, of course, has been developing its Replay feature for nearly as long. Still, Spotify Wrapped has made vocal Apple Music subscribers jealous each December. 
This year, however, a tide shift seems to have occurred for two reasons.
The Apple Music year-in-review montage for 2024 is now available. View yours now at replay.music.apple.com for Apple Music subscribers. New for this year, in the Apple Music app on iOS 18.1 or later, users can also tap through to watch their Replay without leaving the Music app.
While Apple Music Replay continuously tracks the music you are listening to all year round with monthly playlists, at the end of the year it also debuts a yearly recap. 
Drake and Kendrick Lamar’s feud appears to have no end in sight, and now Apple is unwittingly getting pulled into the complicated affair thanks to a possible Siri malfunction and Apple Music.
Apple Music, for me, is about much more than renting access to my favorite songs. The best case scenario for Apple Music, in my experience, is when it guides me to discovering my next favorite album or musician. After School Radio still does it for me, and access through Apple Podcasts is helpful for easily keeping up with the show.
More recently, it was just letting Apple Music recommend music after playing an album from my library. Within a matter of months, I went from first hearing this song on Apple Music while driving around to driving hours away to see the song played live.