The Weeknd thinks the 10-year-old "version" of himself says "superpower" a little too much.
That's what the pop star took away from an OpenAI-assisted interview with a fictional 10-year-old-self Abel Tesfaye for 032c in collaboration with SSENSE. The interview format and photoshoot was more experimental than a traditional editorial, given that The Weeknd's image was recorded and rendered by Harmony Korine's EDGLRD (also utilized in Korine's 2023 film AGGRO DR1FT).
According to the Dawn FM artist, the idea to revisit his past stemmed from a dream. "It wasn’t a nightmare, but it was really weird and haunting. It was about me at my childhood home [and] I couldn’t get in. I was locked out," he said. Later, he realized that the experience was "trying to tell me to tap into the past and who I was."
The two also had a playful banter about their favorite cartoons. While young Abel Tesfaye loved Tom & Jerry, Dragon Ball Z, South Park, and The Simpsons (which he later appeared in), the current Tesfaye prefers Daria, Duckman, and King of the Hill.
Meanwhile, young Tesfaye dreamed up plans to make a future cartoon called Adventures in Daydreams: The Abel Chronicles, while his older self proposed that it be an "ultimate escape from reality," similar to the 2006 fantasy film Pan's Labyrinth.
Perhaps Young Tesfaye might've been a little too excited to speak to himself, as The Weeknd said, "you say 'superpower' a lot" after they briefly discussed laughter. The pair also chatted about God and their mother, Samrawit Hailu, who The Weeknd named his coffee brand, Samra Origins, after.
The article also follows a similar model when Donald Glover interviewed himself for Interview Magazine in 2022.
music | BY Jose Martinez
Metro Boomin Says He’s ‘Cooking Up’ New Music With The Weekend: ‘That’s Family’
music | BY Joe Price
The Weeknd Appears to Shade Drake and OVO on “All to Myself”: 'Thank God I Never Signed My Life Away'
music | BY Mark Elibert
Mike Dean Reveals How He Became The Weeknd's Opening Act On the 'After Hours' Tour
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.