By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  06:15, 9 October 2024   |  Updated:  07:14, 9 October 2024   
 11
View  comments
The Weeknd has been caught fumbling the words to his own song during one of his recent shows in Melbourne.
The Canadian superstar, 34, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, was captured in a TikTok video during the Australian leg of his After Hours Til Dawn tour.
The video appeared to show the singer failing to remember the lyrics to his mega hit Starboy.
He popped off tho #theweeknd #theweekndconcert #abeltesfaye #afterhours #afterhourstildawnstadiumtour #melbourne #theweekndmelbourne 
Instead of singing legible words he hummed and scatted to the melody.
In the caption, TikTok user TT76544 wrote, 'Did anyone notice The Weeknd mumbling the lyrics?'
Fans in the comments speculated he either forgot one of his biggest hits or was just plain tired of singing it. 
'No way he forgot STARBOY, this was HIS song. Time goes by so fast,' one fan commented.
'He just got bored,' wrote another, while a third said, 'He's so over this damn song.' 
The Weeknd has been caught fumbling the words to his own song during one of his recent shows in Melbourne  
The Canadian superstar, 34, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, was captured in a TikTok video during the Australian leg of his After Hours Til Dawn tour. The video appeared to show the singer failing to remember the lyrics to his mega hit Starboy
'The song is almost 10 years old, he has over 100 songs in his discography and he was just ambushed by a lunatic on stage. Let's give Abel a break,' someone else pleaded. 
'I thought he was mocking some of the people singing,' said another fan, along with a crying laughing emoji.
It comes as some fans were left disappointed by the first show on the Australian leg of his tour on Saturday.
The singer-songwriter took to the stage at 8:45pm in Melbourne at the Marvel Stadium — 15 minutes later than he was scheduled to begin.
He then abruptly ended his set at about 10:30pm, leaving concertgoers to flock to TikTok and slam the artist for the short length of his $270+ per ticket concert.
One fan uploaded a video of herself to the social media site as she sat looking perplexed in the stadium seats while attendees filed out of the venue.
'Tell me I'm not the only one who thought it was over way too quickly,' she captioned the short clip. 
The Grammy Award winner performed in Melbourne over the weekend, and will now go on to perform in Sydney on October 22 and 23
Followers flocked to her comments to agree, with one person writing: 'No literally he just like walked off.' 
'It was such an underwhelming end,' another said, while a third commented: 'He came on so late.'
'Yesss!! We waited forever for him to come on then it was over before we knew it,' added another.
Someone else said: 'My kids went and they loved it but he started late and finished early for the price.' 
'My blood is still boiling,' one fan fumed. 
'He arrived late, left early, left without an encore, didn't perform Moth to a Flame which is one of his BIGGEST songs. Too anti-climactic.' 
Daily Mail Australia has reached out to The Weeknd for comment. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group