ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12:  Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK performs onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
Blackpink member Jennie is enjoying the spoils of her latest solo single, which is still performing well months after its release. “One of the Girls” has been steadily climbing and hitting charts for some time in the U.S., and even though it’s been out for half a year, the tune isn’t done. This week, the track debuts on another important ranking, helping the star make history in a specific manner.
“One of the Girls” arrives on the latest edition of the Radio Songs chart, Billboard’s ranking of the tracks that rack up the largest number of audience impressions across all radio stations in the U.S. The tune opens at No. 49 on the 50-spot tally, so while it’s off to a slow start, the fact that it reaches the list at all is notable.
Jennie is now just the second woman in the K-pop space to hit the Radio Songs chart. She follows in the footsteps of South Korean girl group Fifty Fifty, who owned this bit of history for themselves for a short while.
In mid-2023, Fifty Fifty earned their first big hit in America with “Cupid,” which went viral on TikTok and became a global sensation. The track worked its way to No. 13 on the Radio Songs chart, becoming one of the top-rising tunes from a South Korean act of any kind on the tally. It would go on to live on this ranking for 14 frames, also making it one of the longest-running wins on the list.
Somewhat surprisingly, Jennie hits the Radio Songs chart before the band that made her a superstar. Blackpink has collected a number of big hits in America, but none of them have reached this all-genre tally. The group has landed on other radio rosters, but not the main one.
“One of the Girls” credits Jennie in a featured role along with actor and sometimes-singer Lily Rose Depp. The tune is fronted by The Weeknd, who is no stranger to the Radio Songs chart. Actually, he’s no stranger to almost any Billboard ranking at this point.
The song was written and recorded for The Weeknd’s HBO TV series The Idol. The show starred The Weeknd and Depp, and Jennie played a small role as well. The track was spun off as a single in late 2023 after finding traction online, and it has recently found its way to several of Billboard’s radio tallies.