It marks the French producer’s first record in more than five years
Gesaffelstein has unveiled details of his third studio album, ‘GAMMA’, due to land next month via Sony Music.
It marks the French producer’s first record in more than five years following 2019’s ‘Hyperion’, which went on to reach number 10 in the US dance charts.
The record lands on March 29 featuring 11 brand new tracks, harking back to the producer’s “raw industrial sound” with a surrealist approach to hard dance music.
Read this next: Gesaffelstein: Everything you need to know about the enigmatic producer 
A two-minute trailer for the new record directed by Post Malone and FKA Twigs collaborator Jordan Hemingway is out now. Watch it below.
Last year, Skrillex shared several photos on Instagram alongside Gesaffelstein, aka Mike Lévy, in France. One of the pictures showed a snippet of Gesaffelstein’s laptop with production software open.
Skrillex later tweeted: “Gesaffelstein’s just played us his new album my gaaawd”. It was the first teaser for the new album and led to speculation of a collaboration between the pair.
Last month, Coachella revealed that Gesaffelstein will return to the stage for the first time since 2019 at its next edition this coming April. His last performance at the LA festival has also been released in full following the announcement.
Read this next: What is Coachella? 
On his last full-length release, Gesaffelstein collaborated with the likes of Pharrell Williams, Terrace Martin, and The Weeknd. His collaborative track The Weeknd dominated charts across the world, went double platinum in the US, and accumulated over a billion combined streams worldwide.
Check out the tracklist for ‘GAMMA’ below, and pre-order the record here.
‘GAMMA’ Tracklist:
1. Digital slaves2. Hard dreams3. Your share of the night4. Hysteria5. The urge6. Mania7. Lost love8. The perfect9. Psycho10. Tyranny11. Emet
Gemma Ross is Mixmag's Assistant Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.