Share
A security guard was injured after a drive-by shooting at Drake's Toronto mansion.
TORONTO - A man working as a security guard for Drake was wounded in a shooting outside the rapper’s Toronto mansion overnight, authorities said. The shooting comes as the feud between Drake and Kendrick Lamar continues. 
A spokesperson for the Toronto Police Service confirmed shots were fired outside Drake's residence in Toronto’s lavish Bridle Path neighborhood near Bayview and Lawrence avenues. Drake’s security guard was standing outside the mansion's gates when the shooting occurred.
When officers arrived, they found a man suffering from at least one gunshot wound. He was rushed to an area hospital in serious condition. 
The shooting victim underwent surgery and remains hospitalized in serious condition. His name is not being released at this time. 
Drake. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)  (Getty Images)
Officials did not confirm if Drake was home at the time of the shooting but said his team is cooperating with the investigation. 
Investigators said multiple suspects drove away from the scene. However, a description of them and their vehicle was not available. 
Rapper Drake. (Photo by Prince Williams/Wireimage)  (Getty Images)
Toronto police said they will increase patrols in the area. In addition, they asked any witnesses to come forward and will continue to canvas the neighborhood for surveillance footage. 
Those with information about the shooting were asked to call Toronto police at 416-808-2501.
SUGGESTED:
  (Getty Images)
Over the weekend, Kendrick Lamar dropped another diss track called "Not Like Us," and accused Drake of being a pedophile in the lyrics.
RELATED: Kendrick Lamar accuses Drake of being a 'certified pedophile' in 'Not Like Us' diss track
It’s unknown at this stage of the investigation if the shooting was related to the beef with Kendrick Lamar.
Last week, a security guard was shot outside Cash XO’s Los Angeles area home. Cash XO co-founded XO Records with The Weeknd. The two are fellow Canadians and The Weeknd is one of the many artists who have had a falling out with Drake. 
PREVIOUS COVERAGE: Security guard shot outside music executive Cash XO’s Encino home
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations