Lead single ‘Fortnight’ features Post Malone but probably isn't a love letter to the battle royale
Fortnite fans want Taylor Swift to feature in the game, following the release of the lead single from her new album ‘The Tortured Poets Department’.
Swift’s eleventh album ‘The Tortured Poets Department’ was released in full today (April 19) with the Post Malone-featuring lead single ‘Fortnight’ set to receive a music video later.
‘Fortnight’ is also the opening track to the album, with many gamers seeing this as a sign that Swift should feature in Fortnite. One X user shared a thread about why Swift could be the headline act of Fortnite’s dedicated music game Festival, with their shared love of Greek mythology and brand alignment all adding to speculation.
big names like lady gaga and the weeknd have headlined this mode, ariana grande has been apart of the game and had her own collab, and artists that taylor works closely with like sabrina carpenter and bleachers just joined the game as well pic.twitter.com/7H3y69aeOo
— ellie! (@redtvslut) April 18, 2024
“If you made it this far please note that this is mostly just for shits giggles and for me to manifest this actually happening as a huge Fortnite girly and Swiftie,” they added.
Previously The Weeknd and Lady Gaga have starred as headline acts in Fortnite Festival, bringing a number of tracks and skins to the rhythm game.
cant wait for the taylor swift x fortnite collab https://t.co/oOwNOEJflB pic.twitter.com/aqQ9hAIPPT
— meghan (@exilebeths) April 17, 2024
Some fans believe ‘Fortnight’ is Taylor Swift admitting she’s a fan of the game, while others are just happy that their interests are colliding.
“Are you a Taylor Swift ‘Fortnight’ lover or an Epic Games Fortnite lover…or both?” asked one fan, with another adding: “Who else is in the potentially niche subsection of girlies who’s gonna be playing Fortnite whilst listening to ‘Fortnight’ (ft. Post Malone) by Taylor Swift tonight?”
Others fans are playfully mocking the sudden interest in Fortnite from Swift fans. “I can’t believe they made a game about Taylor Swift’s song ‘Fortnight’,” said one fan. “Taylor Swift is such a fake gamer… she wrote a whole song about Fortnite but spelled it wrong,” wrote another.
Following the release of ‘The Tortured Poets Department’, Google searches for “Fortnite” exploded.
There have been rumours about a Taylor Swift collab with Fornite since the tracklisting for ‘The Tortured Poets Department’ was shared in February and while nothing concrete has been announced, Swift herself has hinted at a number of surprises for release week.
Before that though, Fortnite is celebrating weekend two of Coachella festival, with the likes of Doja Cat, Sabrina Carpenter, Bleachers and Ice Spice all involved.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.