The album serves as the final installment of the singer's trilogy which includes 2020's 'After Hours' and 2022's 'Dawn FM'
The Weeknd has announced his new album ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ along with a one-night-only stadium show in Los Angeles slated for early next year.
Set for release on January 24, 2025, ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ will serve as the final instalment of the ‘Blinding Lights’ singer’s album trilogy, following 2020’s ‘After Hours‘ and 2022’s ‘Dawn FM‘.
Teasers of the LP have been shared in the form of The Weeknd’s previous collab with Playboi Carti, ‘Timeless’, which was co-produced by Pharrell, and another new track called ‘Dancing In The Flames’ which arrived back in September. Both singles are set to appear on the new album.
He’s gone on to shared snippets of new tracks throughout the year, and shared the album’s cover on his social media. It features a simple close-up shot of his face, a departure from the facial prosthetics seen in his ‘After Hours’ era.
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
When previously announcing the album’s title, the musician shared a trailer for the record, accompanied by lines from his songs set to orchestral music.
“Today has felt like an endless spin,” read the ongoing lines in the video. “I keep distorting the truth, immune to the dizziness, numb to the nausea. What lies beneath — screams in silence.”
It continued: “The very thing that once made me invincible failed me on the world stage. A new trauma surfaced. When today ends, I’ll discover who I am. HURRY UP TOMORROW.”
‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ is available for pre-order here. The album is available in exclusive vinyl, box sets, and signed CDs. A limited-edition Frank Miller LP will also be available as well as a standard album box set and the Sorayama Album Box Set, which each include an exclusive ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ t-shirt and CD which is only available from today (November 27) until Monday (December 2) here.
The Weeknd ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ one night only show poster. Credit: PRESS
The ‘Save Your Tears’ singer also announced that he will be performing a massive one-night-only live stadium show at the Rose Bowl Stadium in Pasadena, California, on Saturday (January 25 2025) which will see him debut a never-before-seen production. The stage will take over the entire floor of the stadium, for a must-see in-the-round experience.
Tickets will go on sale on Monday (December 2) at 10am PST (6pm GMT) and can be purchased here. A select number of premium tickets will be available for Cash App cardholders. They will also be able to access a 20 per cent discount on all official merch on-site.
Elsewhere, it was announced that The Weeknd had made history by becoming the first artist in history to have 22 songs with over one billion streams each on Spotify.
In other news, Drake recently took jabs at Steve Lacy, The Weeknd and Kendrick Lamar while livestreaming with the popular streamer xQc.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.