Yas, it’s really happening
by  Michael McWhertor
Musician, actor, and fashion icon Lady Gaga is coming to Fortnite later this week as part of Fortnite Festival.
On Tuesday, Gaga herself confirmed her long-awaited appearance in Epic Games and Harmonix’s music-focused game mode on X, where she responded to her own viral 2019 tweet that read, “What’s fortnight” with the amusing correction “*fortnite.” The new post also features an in-game shot of Lady Gaga’s Fortnite model.
Since her original tweet went viral nearly five years ago — it has more than 863,000 likes to date — Fortnite fans have lobbied for Lady Gaga to join the battle royale-turned-metaverse game. She’ll join fellow pop artists Marshmello, Travis Scott, Bruno Mars, Eminem, Ariana Grande, and others as part of Fortnite Festival season 2, “Unlock Your Talent,” which launches on Feb. 22.
Fortnite Festival season 2 will feature the following Lady Gaga songs as playable Jam Tracks, which can be played on a new Chromatica-inspired stage:
The Unlock Your Talent Festival Pass, available from Feb. 22 through April 22, will let Fortnite players unlock new instruments, Jam Tracks, and more. The premium reward track upgrade for that Festival Pass (which costs 1,800 V-Bucks) will feature the following unlockables: the Lady Gaga track “Poker Face”; the Enigmatic Gaga Outfit (Lady Gaga’s purple bodysuit designed by Nange Magro, shown below); and Chromatica-themed instruments inspired by Lady Gaga’s Chromatica Ball tour.
Available in the Fortnite shop in season 2 are the Chromatica Armor Outfit, the Chromatica Bass, Chromatica Mic, “Stupid Love” Jam Track, and Rain Check Emote.
Fortnite Festival launched on Dec. 9 with the addition of musician/actor The Weeknd. A variety of artist and instrument skins based on The Weeknd were released at the time as part of Fortnite’s battle pass, and Lady Gaga’s drop will follow a similar structure. More details on Gaga’s crossover with Fortnite are available at the game’s official blog.
The Fortnite Festival component consists of two modes: Main Stage, where players can form a band and play along to tracks, à la Harmonix’s Rock Band games; and Jam Stage, where players can remix multiple songs into mashed-up improvisations.
The best of Polygon in your inbox, every Friday.
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved