By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:39, 19 February 2024   |  Updated:  08:22, 19 February 2024   
 9
View  comments
Jeremy Renner brought the crowd to its feet as he made an appearance at the 2024 People's Choice Awards in Santa Monica on Sunday. 
The Hawkeye actor, 53 - who recently celebrated the one-year anniversary of his release from the ICU after a near-fatal snowplow accident - took to the stage inside the Barker Hangar to present the first award of the night. 
The host of the ceremony, Simu Liu, welcomed the star by saying, 'I could not be more excited to bring out our first presenter, my fellow Marvel man, the star the hit show, Mayor Of Kingstown.' 
After the announcement, Renner walked through doors that led to a main stage as the audience erupted into cheers and applause. 
'The fans rock, I tell you what,' Jeremy began. 'I gotta say, it feels good to be back.  This year's been a heck of a journey, and I'm happy to be here with you, the fans. You guys are the best.' 
Jeremy Renner, 53, brought the crowd to its feet as he made an appearance at the 2024 People's Choice Awards in Santa Monica on Sunday
The Hawkeye actor took to the stage inside the Barker Hangar to present the first award of the night for TV Performance of the Year 
'You guys really brought this year. You broke records. You turned movies into movements,' he continued. 'Now we heard you all loud and clear. We heard you.' 
'Now, right now I get the privilege of celebrating the most powerful and moving performances on-screen. So, are you ready for the first award of the night?' the star asked the crowd, who broke out into cheers. 
Jeremy then revealed that Billie Eilish won the award for her role in the Amazon Prime Video horror series titled, Swarm. 
Other stars that were nominated in the category included Adjoa Andoh, Ayo Edebiri, Jon Hamm, Matt Bomer, Meryl Streep, Steven Yuen and also Storm Reid. 
While also at the festivities, Renner flashed a smile on the red carpet in a dark navy, velvet suit as well as a plain white shirt. 
The Avengers actor completed his look by slipping into a pair of sleek, black shoes as well as a silver-chained necklace. 
During the event, he was seen crossing paths with fellow Marvel star, Tom Hiddleston, and the pair enjoyed a conversation while catching up. 
Earlier in the evening before arriving to the venue, Renner took to his Instagram stories to share a selfie while sitting inside a vehicle. 'Steppin out tonight...,' he penned to his followers. 
Music
Male artist of the year: Jung Kook (WINNER)
Female artist of the year: Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Male country artist of the year: Jelly Roll (WINNER)
Female country artist of the year: Lainey Wilson (WINNER)
Male Latin artist of the year: Bad Bunny (WINNER)
Female Latin artist of the year: Shakira (WINNER)
Pop artist of the year: Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Hip-hop artist of the year: Nicki Minaj (WINNER)
R&B artist of the year: Beyoncé (WINNER)
New artist of the year: Ice Spice (WINNER)
Group/duo of the year: Stray Kids (WINNER)
Song of the year: Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire” (WINNER)
Album of the year: Olivia Rodrigo, Guts (WINNER)
Collaboration song of the year: Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice with Aqua, “Barbie World” (WINNER)
Concert tour of the year: Taylor Swift, The Eras Tour (WINNER)
Movies
Movie of the year: Barbie (WINNER)
Action movie of the year: The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
Comedy movie of the year: Barbie (WINNER)
Drama movie of the year: Oppenheimer (WINNER)
Male movie star of the year: Ryan Gosling, Barbie (WINNER)
Female movie star of the year: Margot Robbie, Barbie (WINNER)
Margot Robbie is a leading contender for female movie star of the year for Barbie
Action movie star of the year: Rachel Zegler, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
Comedy movie star of the year: Jennifer Lawrence, No Hard Feelings (WINNER)
Drama movie star of the year
Jenna Ortega, Scream VI (WINNER)
Movie performance of the year
America Ferrera, Barbie (WINNER)
TV
Show of the year: Grey’s Anatomy (WINNER)
Comedy show of the year: Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Drama show of the year: The Last of Us (WINNER)
Sci-fi/fantasy show of the year: Loki (WINNER)
Reality show of the year: The Kardashians (WINNER)
Competition show of the year: The Voice (WINNER)
Bingeworthy show of the year: The Summer I Turned Pretty (WINNER)
Male TV star of the year: Pedro Pascal, The Last of Us (WINNER)
Female TV star of the year: Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Comedy TV star of the year: Jeremy Allen White, The Bear (WINNER)
Drama TV star of the year: Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show (WINNER)
TV performance of the year
Billie Eilish, Swarm (WINNER)
Reality TV star of the year
Khloé Kardashian, The Kardashians (WINNER)
Competition contestant of the year
Ariana Madix, Dancing with the Stars (WINNER)
Daytime talk show of the year
The Kelly Clarkson Show (WINNER)
Nighttime talk show of the year
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon (WINNER)
Host of the year
Jimmy Fallon, That’s My Jam (WINNER)
Pop Culture
Social celebrity of the year
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Comedy act of the year
Chris Rock, Selective Outrage (WINNER)
Athlete of the year
Travis Kelce (WINNER)
After the host announced his name, Renner walked through doors that led to a main stage as the audience erupted into cheers and applause
'The fans rock, I tell you what,' Jeremy began. 'I gotta say, it feels good to be back. This year's been a heck of a journey, and I'm happy to be here with you, the fans. You guys are the best'
'Now, right now I get the privilege of celebrating the most powerful and moving performances on-screen. So, are you ready for the first award of the night?' the star asked the crowd, who broke out into cheers
Jeremy then revealed that Billie Eilish won the award for her role in the Amazon Prime Video horror series titled, Swarm
While also at the festivities, Renner flashed a smile on the red carpet in a dark navy, velvet suit as well as a plain white shirt
A little over one year ago, Jeremy was run over by a snow plow on New Year's Day and received a multitude of injuries, including 30 broken ribs and a collapsed lung. 
Last month in January, he took to his Instagram to commemorate the one-year anniversary since he was released from the ICU following the frightening accident. 
On his stories, the actor - who is father to daughter Ava, 10 - uploaded a photo of himself that had been taken the day he arrived home from the hospital. 
In text added over the image, Jeremy typed out, 'My friend reminded me I got home from ICU a year ago,' while also adding, 'Lucky man.' 
Renner then shared the same snap to his main Instagram page with a longer caption that read, 'I was reminded that love, good will, hard work and a legion of good humans are getting me through every day … thank you, bless you ….' 
'And as always, I hold my promise to be better, be stronger, and grow to surpass potential…. Bless you all.' 
He opened up about the accident last month in January and told People, 'I certainly got a lot of callousness squashed out of me by that machine.' 
'I've never been bitter, but always maybe a little more callous, a little bit more tough. And I just think those calluses are just scraped off me at this point. Literally, I feel pretty open and wonderfully sensitive and youthful.' 
During the event, he was seen crossing paths with fellow Marvel star, Tom Hiddleston, and the pair enjoyed a conversation while catching up
The Hawkeye actor was also seen meeting up with Jon Hamm outside at the event and the two paused for a photo together 
Earlier in the evening before arriving to the venue, Renner took to his Instagram stories to share a selfie while sitting inside a vehicle. 'Steppin out tonight...,' he penned
He further reflected, 'Everything kind of just went right. Obviously I had a lot of tenacity, I had a lot of support, a lot of reason to recover. That is really special. There's a lot of people that don't have as much, [don't have] those things to live for.' 
During an interview with Diane Sawyer last year in April, The Town actor sat down to also open up about the incident.
Although he admitted that he was 'triggered by the accident,' Jeremy explained, 'I shift the narrative of being victimized, of making a mistake or anything else. I refuse to be haunted by that memory that way.'
Renner also recently returned to set to film the third season of the Paramount+ series, Mayor Of Kingstown. 
Earlier last month, he shared a photo of himself preparing to shoot a scene and penned, 'Hope this works out that I can ACTUALLY pull this off for our production and more importantly the fans @mayorofkingstown @paramountplus.' 
The star also appeared in a Super Bowl ad for Silk almond milk, and in a previous ad, was joined by his daughter Ava - whom he shares with ex Sonni Pacheco. 
Last month in January, he took to his Instagram to commemorate the one-year anniversary since he was released from the ICU following the frightening accident
Renner then shared the same snap to his main Instagram page with a longer caption that read, 'I was reminded that love, good will, hard work and a legion of good humans are getting me through every day … thank you, bless you ….'
Renner also recently returned to set to film the third season of the Paramount+ series, Mayor Of Kingstown
While gearing up for the Super Bowl commercial, he appeared on the SiriusXM podcast called This Life of Mine with James Corden and opened up about his feelings towards death following the accident. 
'I was never afraid, mind you, of death prior. Now, I'm really not afraid of it. Now, I'm double downing,' he said. 
'Yes, certainly not afraid of it. Now, I'm kind of excited for it. To be honest it's what life really is.'
'This rock that we're spinning on, and this body and this language that we're speaking, and all these feelings and emotions and conflict is all horse s**t. It's meaningless in the scheme of things.' 
Music
Male artist of the year
Bad Bunny
Drake
Jack Harlow
Jung Kook (WINNER)
Luke Combs
Morgan Wallen
Post Malone
The Weeknd
Female artist of the year
Beyoncé
Doja Cat
Karol G
Lainey Wilson
Miley Cyrus
Nicki Minaj
Olivia Rodrigo
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Taylor Swift is a favorite in the coveted Female artist of the year category
Male country artist of the year
Chris Stapleton
Cody Johnson
HARDY
Jelly Roll (WINNER)
Kane Brown
Luke Combs
Morgan Wallen
Zach Bryan
Female country artist of the year
Ashley McBryde
Carly Pearce
Carrie Underwood
Gabby Barrett
Kelsea Ballerini
Lainey Wilson (WINNER)
Megan Moroney
Shania Twain
Male Latin artist of the year
Bad Bunny (WINNER)
Bizarrap
Feid
Manuel Turizo
Maluma
Peso Pluma
Rauw Alejandro
Ozuna
Female Latin artist of the year
Ángela Aguilar
Anitta
Becky G
Kali Uchis
Karol G
Rosalía
Shakira (WINNER)
Young Miko
Becky G (seen on Wednesday) is competing for female Latin artist of the year
Pop artist of the year
Billie Eilish
Doja Cat
Dua Lipa
Jung Kook
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
Tate McRae
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Hip-hop artist of the year
Cardi B
Drake
Future
Jack Harlow
Latto
Nicki Minaj (WINNER)
Post Malone
Travis Scott
R&B artist of the year
Beyoncé (WINNER)
Brent Faiyaz
Janelle Monáe
SZA
Tems
The Weeknd
Usher
Victoria Monét
New artist of the year
Coi Leray
Ice Spice (WINNER)
Jelly Roll
Jung Kook
Noah Kahan
Peso Pluma
PinkPantheress
Stephen Sanchez
Group/duo of the year
Dan + Shay
Fuerza Regida
Grupo Frontera
Jonas Brothers
Old Dominion
Paramore
Stray Kids (WINNER)
TOMORROW X TOGETHER
Song of the year
Dua Lipa, “Dance the Night”
Luke Combs, “Fast Car”
Miley Cyrus, “Flowers”
Gunna, “Fukumean”
Tate McRae, “greedy”
Morgan Wallen, “Last Night”
Doja Cat, “Paint the Town Red”
Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire” (WINNER)
Miley Cyrus' smash hit Flowers is up for consideration for song of the year
Album of the year
Miley Cyrus, Endless Summer Vacation
Drake, For All the Dogs
Luke Combs, Gettin’ Old
Olivia Rodrigo, Guts (WINNER)
Karol G, Mañana Será Bonito
Bad Bunny, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana
Morgan Wallen, One Thing at a Time
Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday 2
Collaboration song of the year
Lil Durk Feat. J. Cole, “All My Life”
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice with Aqua, “Barbie World” (WINNER)
Eslabon Armado X Peso Pluma, “Ella Baila Sola”
Drake Feat. J. Cole, “First Person Shooter”
Zach Bryan feat. Kasey Musgraves, “I Remember Everything”
Jung Kook feat. Latto, “Seven”
Karol G and Shakira, “TQG”
Grupo Frontera X Bad Bunny, “Un x100to”
Concert tour of the year
Ed Sheeran, +–=÷x Tour
Coldplay, Music of the Spheres World Tour
Harry Styles, Love on Tour
Luke Combs, World Tour
Morgan Wallen, One Night at a Time World Tour
P!nk, Summer Carnival Tour
Beyoncé, Renaissance World Tour
Taylor Swift, The Eras Tour (WINNER)
Movies
Movie of the year
Barbie (WINNER)
Fast X
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour Film
The Little Mermaid
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Barbie - which made $1.4billion in the worldwide box office - is up for movie of the year
Action movie of the year
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
Fast X
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
The Marvels
Transformers: Rise of the Beasts
Comedy movie of the year
80 for Brady
Anyone but You
Are You There God? It’s Me, Margaret.
Asteroid City
Barbie (WINNER)
Cocaine Bear
No Hard Feelings
Wonka
Drama movie of the year
Creed III
Five Nights at Freddy’s
Killers of the Flower Moon
Leave the World Behind
M3GAN
Oppenheimer (WINNER)
Scream VI
The Color Purple
Male movie star of the year
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer
Chris Pratt, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Keanu Reeves, John Wick: Chapter 4
Leonardo DiCaprio, Killers of the Flower Moon
Michael B. Jordan, Creed III
Ryan Gosling, Barbie (WINNER)
Timothée Chalamet, Wonka
Tom Cruise, Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
Female movie star of the year
Florence Pugh, Oppenheimer
Halle Bailey, The Little Mermaid
Jenna Ortega, Scream VI
Jennifer Lawrence, No Hard Feelings
Julia Roberts, Leave the World Behind
Margot Robbie, Barbie (WINNER)
Rachel Zegler, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes
Viola Davis, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes
Margot Robbie is a leading contender for female movie star of the year for Barbie
Action movie star of the year
Brie Larson, The Marvels
Chris Pratt, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Gal Gadot, Heart of Stone
Jason Momoa, Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom
Keanu Reeves, John Wick: Chapter 4
Rachel Zegler, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
Tom Cruise, Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
Viola Davis, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes
Comedy movie star of the year
Adam Sandler, You Are So Not Invited to My Bat Mitzvah
Glen Powell, Anyone but You
Jennifer Lawrence, No Hard Feelings (WINNER)
Margot Robbie, Barbie
Ryan Gosling, Barbie
Scarlett Johansson, Asteroid City
Sydney Sweeney, Anyone but You
Timothée Chalamet, Wonka
Drama movie star of the year
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer
Julia Roberts, Leave the World Behind
Fantasia Barrino, The Color Purple
Florence Pugh, Oppenheimer
Jacob Elordi, Priscilla
Jenna Ortega, Scream VI (WINNER)
Leonardo DiCaprio, Killers of the Flower Moon
Michael B. Jordan, Creed III
Movie performance of the year
America Ferrera, Barbie (WINNER)
Charles Melton, May December
Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple
Jacob Elordi, Saltburn
Melissa McCarthy, The Little Mermaid
Natalie Portman, May December
Simu Liu, Barbie
Viola Davis, Air
Barbie's America Ferrera is a contender for movie performance of the year 
TV
Show of the year
Grey’s Anatomy (WINNER)
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Only Murders in the Building
Saturday Night Live
Ted Lasso
The Bear
The Last of Us
Vanderpump Rules
Comedy show of the year
Abbott Elementary
And Just Like That…
Never Have I Ever
Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Saturday Night Live
Ted Lasso
The Bear
Young Sheldon
Drama show of the year
Chicago Fire
Ginny & Georgia
Grey’s Anatomy
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Outer Banks
Succession
The Last of Us (WINNER)
The Morning Show
Sci-fi/fantasy show of the year
Ahsoka
American Horror Story: Delicate
Black Mirror
Ghosts
Loki (WINNER)
Secret Invasion
The Mandalorian
The Witcher
Reality show of the year
90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After?
Below Deck
Jersey Shore Family Vacation
Selling Sunset
The Kardashians (WINNER)
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
The Real Housewives of New Jersey
Vanderpump Rules
Vanderpump Rules is up for reality show of the year coming off the Scandoval scandal
Competition show of the year
America’s Got Talent
American Idol
Big Brother
Dancing with the Stars
RuPaul’s Drag Race
Survivor
Squid Game: The Challenge
The Voice (WINNER)
Bingeworthy show of the year
Beef
Citadel
Jury Duty
Love Is Blind
Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story
The Crown
The Night Agent
The Summer I Turned Pretty (WINNER)
Male TV star of the year
Chase Stokes, Outer Banks
Jason Sudeikis, Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White, The Bear
Kieran Culkin, Succession
Pedro Pascal, The Last of Us (WINNER)
Samuel L. Jackson, Secret Invasion
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Tom Hiddleston, Loki
Female TV star of the year
Ali Wong, Beef
Hannah Waddingham, Ted Lasso
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show
Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
Rosario Dawson, Ahsoka
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Selena Gomez is  a contender in the female TV star of the year category for Only Murders in the Building
Comedy TV star of the year
Ali Wong, Beef
Bowen Yang, Saturday Night Live
Hannah Waddingham, Ted Lasso
Jason Sudeikis, Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White, The Bear (WINNER)
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Drama TV star of the year
Bella Ramsey, The Last of Us
Chase Stokes, Outer Banks
Ice-T, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show (WINNER)
Kieran Culkin, Succession
Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Pedro Pascal, The Last of Us
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
TV performance of the year
Adjoa Andoh, Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story
Ayo Edebiri, The Bear
Billie Eilish, Swarm (WINNER)
Jon Hamm, The Morning Show
Matt Bomer, Fellow Travelers
Meryl Streep, Only Murders in the Building
Steven Yeun, Beef
Storm Reid, The Last of Us
Reality TV star of the year
Ariana Madix, Vanderpump Rules 
Chrishell Stause, Selling Sunset
Garcelle Beauvais, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
Kandi Burruss, The Real Housewives of Atlanta
Khloé Kardashian, The Kardashians (WINNER)
Kim Kardashian, The Kardashians
Kyle Richards, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino, Jersey Shore Family Vacation
Competition contestant of the year
Anetra, RuPaul’s Drag Race
Ariana Madix, Dancing with the Stars (WINNER)
Charity Lawson, The Bachelorette
Iam Tongi, American Idol
Keke Palmer, That’s My Jam
Sasha Colby, RuPaul’s Drag Race
Theresa Nist, The Golden Bachelor
Xochitl Gomez, Dancing with the Stars
Daytime talk show of the year
Good Morning America
LIVE with Kelly and Mark
Sherri
The Drew Barrymore Show
The Jennifer Hudson Show
The Kelly Clarkson Show (WINNER)
The View
Today
Nighttime talk show of the year
Hart to Heart
Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Late Night with Seth Meyers
The Daily Show
The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon (WINNER)
Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen
Host of the year
Gordon Ramsay, Hell’s Kitchen
Jimmy Fallon, That’s My Jam (WINNER)
Nick Cannon, The Masked Singer
Padma Lakshmi, Top Chef
RuPaul, RuPaul’s Drag
Ryan Seacrest, American Idol
Steve Harvey, Celebrity Family Feud
Terry Crews, America’s Got Talent
Pop Culture
Social celebrity of the year
Britney Spears
Dwayne Johnson
Kim Kardashian
Kylie Jenner
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj
Selena Gomez
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Britney Spears is up for social celebrity of the year
Comedy act of the year
John Mulaney, Baby J
Amy Schumer, Emergency Contact
Marlon Wayans, God Loves Me
Wanda Sykes, I’m an Entertainer
Trevor Noah, Off the Record
Kevin Hart, Reality Check
Chris Rock, Selective Outrage (WINNER)
Sarah Silverman, Someone You Love
Athlete of the year
Coco Gauff
Giannis Antetokounmpo
LeBron James
Lionel Messi
Sabrina Ionescu
Simone Biles
Stephen Curry
Travis Kelce (WINNER)
Taylor Swift's boyfriend Travis Kelce is up for athlete of the year days after his Super Bowl win

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group