By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:39, 17 July 2024   |  Updated:  23:00, 17 July 2024   
 3
View  comments
The Weeknd - who's now officially going by his birth name Abel Tesfaye - announced Wednesday that he would his triumphant return to MorumBIS aka Estádio do Morumbi in Brazil for a charity concert on September 7.
The 34-year-old Canadian son of Ethiopian immigrants - who boasts 160.6M social media followers - captioned his post: 'See you in São Paulo Sept 7th. Presale begins Monday July 22 (link in bio).'
General admission tickets will be released July 25 at 10am BST on The Weeknd's website.
The Oscar-nominated songwriter pledged to donate $1 from every ticket sold to the World Food Programme's XO Humanitarian Fund, which provides food and support to millions of people experiencing severe hunger across the globe.
Back in April, The Weeknd - whose girlfriend Simi Khadra is Palestinian - allocated $2M from the XO Humanitarian Fund to provide over 1,500 metric tons of fortified wheat flour (producing 18M loaves of bread) to feed over 157K Palestinians in Gaza for a month.
The Weeknd - who's now officially going by his birth name Abel Tesfaye - announced Wednesday that he would his triumphant return to MorumBIS aka Estádio do Morumbi in Brazil for a charity concert on September 7
The 34-year-old Canadian son of Ethiopian immigrants - who boasts 160.6M social media followers - captioned his post: 'See you in São Paulo Sept 7th. Presale begins Monday July 22 (link in bio)'
The Popular singer got some good news on Wednesday when his dismally-reviewed Max series The Idol managed to score an Emmy Award nomination for outstanding choreography for scripted programming to choreographer Nina McNeely.
McNeely's sexually-charged music video routine to Lily-Rose Depp's song World Class Sinner/I'm a Freak (produced by The Weeknd) faces heavy competition against Hulu's Only Murders in the Building, Apple TV+'s Palm Royale, and Apple TV+'s Physical.
The 76th Primetime Emmy Awards are scheduled to air September 15 on ABC and the ceremony is taped at the Peacock Theater in downtown Los Angeles.
The We Still Don't Trust You singer co-created the five-episode, 'sleaziest love story in all of Hollywood' with Sam Levinson and Reza Fahim, and he portrayed nightclub impresario and cult leader, Tedros.
On July 2, The Weeknd teased images from his mysterious AI experiment, which is likely connected to new music yet to be unveiled.
The former American Apparel employee has been hard at work 'reanimating the inner child' through a technology-assisted return to the 10-year-old Abel with a project created by Harmony Korine, the design collective EDGLRD, and advanced volumetric capture at Metastage.
'It wasn't a nightmare, but it was really weird and haunting,' The Weeknd explained to the magazine 032c last month.
'It was about me at my childhood home [and] I couldn't get in. I was locked out. It was my dream trying to tell me to tap into the past and who I was.'
The high school drop-out has also been hard at work writing, producing, and starring in an untitled film directed by Trey Edward Shults alongside Jenna Ortega, Barry Keoghan, and Charli D'Amelio. 
General admission tickets will be released July 25 at 10am BST on The Weeknd's website (pictured September 29)
The Oscar-nominated songwriter pledged to donate $1 from every ticket sold to the World Food Programme's XO Humanitarian Fund, which provides food and support to millions of people experiencing severe hunger across the globe (pictured August 18)
Back in April, The Weeknd - whose girlfriend Simi Khadra is Palestinian - allocated $2M from the XO Humanitarian Fund to provide over 1,500 metric tons of fortified wheat flour (producing 18M loaves of bread) to feed over 157K Palestinians in Gaza for a month
The Popular singer got some good news on Wednesday when his dismally-reviewed Max series The Idol managed to score an Emmy Award nomination for outstanding choreography for scripted programming to choreographer Nina McNeely (L, pictured in The Idol) 
McNeely's sexually-charged music video routine to Lily-Rose Depp's song World Class Sinner/I'm a Freak (produced by The Weeknd) faces heavy competition against Hulu's Only Murders in the Building, Apple TV+'s Palm Royale, and Apple TV+'s Physical
The We Still Don't Trust You singer co-created the five-episode, 'sleaziest love story in all of Hollywood' with Sam Levinson and Reza Fahim, and he portrayed nightclub impresario and cult leader, Tedros
On July 2, The Weeknd teased images from his mysterious AI experiment, which is likely connected to new music yet to be unveiled
The former American Apparel employee has been hard at work 'reanimating the inner child' through a technology-assisted return to the 10-year-old Abel with a project created by Harmony Korine, the design collective EDGLRD, and advanced volumetric capture at Metastage
The Weeknd explained to the magazine 032c last month: 'It wasn't a nightmare, but it was really weird and haunting. It was about me at my childhood home [and] I couldn't get in. I was locked out. It was my dream trying to tell me to tap into the past and who I was'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group