The final album of the musician's trilogy has now been confirmed 
The Weeknd has today (September 4) unveiled details of his upcoming new album, which will be called ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’.
The singer – real name Abel Tesfaye – has been teasing new music with fans over recent months. The musician suggested that the upcoming third chapter to his ongoing ‘After Hours’ and ‘Dawn FM’ was on the way in a series of recent social media posts.
Another teaser that arrived online yesterday, seemed to further confirm that new music would be arriving soon and, in a new post today, the musician finally shared a trailer for his new album and revealed its name.
As of yet, the album doesn’t have a release date – check out the trailer here:
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
The announcement was also accompanied by a series of statements, filled with self-referential lines from his songs and accompanied by dramatic, orchestral music.
“Today has felt like an endless spin,” it read. “I keep distorting the truth, immune to the dizziness, numb to the nausea. What lies beneath — screams in silence.
“I look in the mirror and feel both old and new stuck in limbo and unable to move. I still haven’t faced myself…,” another part reads.
It continued: “The very thing that once made me invincible failed me on the world stage. A new trauma surfaced.
“When today ends, I’ll discover who I am. HURRY UP TOMORROW.”
A statement about the new album said that it “represents the creative apex of the project, serving as the third and final chapter crafted with existential and self-referential themes as seen with the latest visionary teasers that have set fans ablaze with anticipation for this concluding instalment.”
The final addition to the trilogy will mark the first album from The Weeknd since 2022’s ‘Dawn FM’. In a four-star review, NME wrote: “‘Dawn FM’ feels like the first steps on a journey for The Weeknd to find peace with himself; perhaps next time we hear from him, he’ll be fully embracing the light of day.”
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
This Saturday (September 7) will also see him play a one-off gig at the Estádio MorumBIS venue in São Paulo. The set will be unlike his record-breaking tour, which saw him perform across North America, Europe, the UK and Latin America – instead focusing on putting a new performance forward. This is expected to include a mixed-up setlist to previous shows and “never-before-seen production”.
In other news, it was reported earlier this year that The Weeknd’s huge hit single ‘Blinding Lights’ had become the first song in history to reach 4billion streams on Spotify. Named Spotify’s most-streamed song of all time, the track featured on his ‘After Hours’ album, which was released at the end of 2019.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.