Manage your account
(NEXSTAR) — There are a multitude of reasons to tune in to Super Bowl LVIII: to catch the game, watch the ads, see if Taylor Swift is able to attend (spoiler alert, she arrived in Las Vegas with time to spare). For some, there’s a different reason: Usher.
The eight-time Grammy Award-winning artist headlined the Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show at Allegiant Stadium this year. Usher previously called it “an honor of a lifetime to finally check a Super Bowl performance off my bucket list” when the NFL announced he had landed the gig in September.
 Photos: 4 things from Super Bowl I you likely won’t see this year 
While it’s his first time headlining, it isn’t his first Super Bowl halftime show. He made an appearance during Super Bowl XLV in 2011 when The Black Eyed Peas were the headliners, performing his song, “OMG” with will.i.am.
The performance was only about 15 minutes, but we saw Usher change multiple times.
 Why can’t NFL players show their legs during games? 
That included taking off his shirt, and skating around on a pair of roller skates.
We didn’t know Usher’s official set list, but there were some songs many were guessing would make an appearance, and they were largely correct.
He started with “Caught Up,” moving into “U Don’t Have to Call,” Superstar,” and “Love in the Club.”
Then Alicia Keys joined in front of bright red piano for her song “If I Ain’t Got You,” which morphed into “My Boo,” Usher losing a glove in an apparent tribute to Michael Jackson — notable for a performance during Black History Month.
 Who is Taylor Swift sitting with at the Super Bowl? 
Usher also performed hits “OMG,” “Confessions,” and “Let it Burn,” as well as “U Got It Bad” with a guitar solo from H.E.R.
The crowd also saw a surprise performance of “Turn Down for What” by Lil Jon, and Ludacris appeared to perform “Yeah!”
Remember when we said the details of the halftime show have been largely withheld? That included whether or not Usher would be flying solo.
As you saw if you watched the performance, Usher was not, in fact, alone.
 Super Bowl halftime: How to tell when a singer is lip syncing 
He was joined by Alicia Keys, whom betting sites most favored as a potential guest star. We also saw a guitar solo from H.E.R., who appears on his newly released album, and appearances by Ludacris, Jermaine Dupri, and Lil Jon.
Usher previously told “Good Morning America” he wants to pay homage to Black artists who came before him with his performance, but he didn’t go into much more detail.
It had been a major topic of discussion since the Kansas City Chiefs punched their ticket to the Super Bowl: if Taylor Swift made it to the game, would she perform with Usher during the halftime show?
 Taylor Swift arrives at Super Bowl to watch Travis Kelce and the Chiefs play the 49ers 
Sources previously told TMZ Swift won’t be performing during the Super Bowl (maybe except the Chiefs Swag Surfin’ again) and she didn’t.
The Associated Press and Alix Martichoux contributed to this report.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to KLAS.