Click Here to Purchase Tickets, Including the Popular Frequent Fear Pass and Ultimate Fear Pass
Universal Studios Hollywood marked the highly anticipated opening of Halloween Horror Nights featuring eight all-new haunted house, a menacing all-new Terror Tram experience, frightening scare zones and daring live entertainment. Halloween Horror Nights spans 40 select nights through Sunday, November 3, 2024.
Halloween Horror Nights continues on September 6-8, 12-15, 19-22, 29-29; October 3-6, 9-13, 16-20, 23-27, 30-31; November 1-3, 2024.
At a glance, here’s this year’s Halloween Horror Nights killer lineup of haunted houses and attractions inspired by the biggest names in horror:
A variety of tickets are available for sale. Click here to purchase tickets and for Terms and Conditions. Details for each ticket type are subject to change.
Adding to the scares, guests also can experience select theme park attractions open during the event, including “Jurassic World—The Ride,” “The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™” featuring “Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey™” and “Flight of the Hippogriff™,” “Transformers™: The Ride-3D,” “Revenge of the Mummy—The Ride” and “The Simpsons Ride™.”  The interactive land SUPER NINTENDO WORLD will be accessible to guests purchasing select tickets.
In addition to Halloween Horror Night, Universal Studios Hollywood is adding a new themed after-hours event from the creators of Halloween Horror Nights. In Spring 2025, Universal Studios Hollywood will debut Universal Fan Fest Nights, an all-new limited-run, separately ticketed event that will tap into fan favorite genres: Sci-Fi, Fantasy, Gaming and Anime. Guests and fans can look forward to partaking in immersive, in-world experiences, that to date will include activations inspired by Star Trek™, Back to the Future and DUNGEONS & DRAGONS. More details will be announced soon and fans are encouraged to sign up at Universal Fan Fest Nights to be among the first to learn about event as details become available.
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/8/326599/326599-1.jpg )
WebWireID326599
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.