By
JuiceWrld’s estate gifts fans with unreleased music in a week full of surprises. In 2024, hip-hop had one of its most memorable summers ever. As the fall approaches, the genre will be at its best ever.
Last week, LL Cool J, Mozzy, Laila!, and G Herbo made big releases. Additionally, emerging stars usually ride the wave with their own new music seeking a broader audience paying close attention to who the hottest new hip-hop stars are. JuiceWrld and Sexyy Red unexpectedly releasing new music adds to the genre’s growing trend. 
There was a swarm of new music released during the last week of summer. The same is true this week, which includes a surprise release from Kendrick Lamar. Followed by The Weeknd teasing new music from his upcoming album after a huge benefit concert in Brazil.    
The rest of 2024 promises new albums by Cardi B, The Clipse, and Snoop Dogg, as well as other surprises. More and more new and established acts will capitalize on the attention with their own releases until then. From Lola Brooke to Sexyy Red to Fat Joe, here’s a full list of new music you might have missed this week. 
JuiceWrld & Young Thug Tracks Surface
In a posthumous release, JuiceWrld’s estate unveils new music featuring a previous collaboration with Young Thug. In spite of the fact that the song’s origin is unknown, it still carries a trendy tone that fans will enjoy. The Pre-Party is a lead up to a new album set for late-2024. 
Sexyy Red Drops A 2-Pak Before Tour
Sexyy Red’s “U Kno What To Do” finds her in her melodic bag, working X-rated bars into a sing-song flow over chirruping synths. With nearly 70k creations based on “My name Sexyy Red” sound, Sexyy has been teasing the song on TikTok. As part of her “Sexyy 4 President Tour,” Sexyy sells out shows across the country. In addition, she has two VMA nominations this week.
Cash Cobain Goes With Red Bull For New Track
After the new album, Cash Cobain, Chow Lee, and Lonny Love give us more music in a catchy freestyle to support Red Bull’s popular performance platform. Through this one-take freestyle, the leaders of the Sexy Drill movement showcased their unique styles.
The Weeknd Is “Dancing In The Flames” Before ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’
In support of the IPhone 16 Pro, Abel gives fans a glimpse into his upcoming album with a stunning element-driven song. It focuses on the intimate settings in both life and technology. The new song builds the upcoming album’s anticipation. 
Lola Brooke & Jerermih Add Some Flava In Your Ear Like “No One Else”
The New Yorker links with the Chicago hitmaker for a passionate new jam that shreds her rough and rugged exterior for a softer, raunchy, sensual point of view. “With No One Else, you hear more of Lola, the lover girl,” she says. “We all have feelings, and your girl is in a soft girl mood that you will hear more about with this track and maybe a few more. Going into making this track, I wanted to create something timeless with feel-good energy based on the music I listen to. I’m a rapper who loves R&B, especially the sound from the 90’s. From the special sauce, Jeremih adds to my PG-13 lyrics [laughs], there’s an element here that everyone can vibe to for cuffing season with bae, HA!” 
BabyFace Ray Takes Us To “Wavy Navy University”
The song features Veeze and the video takes place at Wavy Navy University, where the two Detroit natives go bar to bar. The track will appear on his upcoming album, which delves into the rapper’s rise to success and his relentless drive.
Chow Lee Revs Up His ‘Sex Drive’
As a follow-up to Hours After The Club, the album immerses listeners into the rapper’s hedonistic world, filled with unattainable baddies and bottomless Casamigos. With an all-star cast, he unleashes an unceasing barrage of colorful come-ons and boisterous boasts that demonstrate why he’s one of the game’s most libidinous lotharios.
J$PH & Dave East Remembers Those “BMW” Days
After impressing with “Imperfect Luv,” J$PH links up with Dave East to relate a beamer with days on the comeup and how the upgrades represent success. “I was 13 years old the first time I got in a BMW changed my life forever,” wrote J$PH in the description. “My pop’s homeboy Choo had a cherry red M3. He asked me if I knew what the BMW stands for. I didnt… He told me ‘BLACK MAN WORKING.’ He said this was the a symbol of our hard work as a Black man. That stuck with me forever. This one is for you Choo “
Fat Trel Can Buy “Anything”
This track finds the entrepreneur and his posse enjoying the warm weather as Summer comes to an end. An homage is paid to a childhood friend who was murdered. “This album is dedicated to my lil brother Boosa, who passed away when I was locked up,” he said in a press release. “I put a lot of time into this album and was going through a lot while making it. I got sober and went to therapy as well. So you will hear a lot of pain and just a better version of me throughout each song. I’m introducing the world to an older, better, and evolved version of FAT TREL.”
HussleBoyFettii & Ralfy Da Plug “Unfollow” Other Trends And Make Their Own
With HussleBoyFetti’s laid-back yet catchy style matching Ralfy’s trendsetting Stinc lingo, this West Coast collaboration is rapidly becoming one of the hottest in the Fall. Being your own trailblazer is the theme of the song, distancing yourself from imposters. With Ralfy’s co-sign and the song’s infectious production, fans will immediately gravitate to the album, For The City, by HussleBoyFettii. 
ATM Danny & Gotdamnitdupri Hit Us With Some Crafty ‘Live Coverage’
With persuasive slick-talking rhymes and a unique perspective, they report on the streets. Check out this six-track appetizer if you enjoy LA music differently from the norm. It’s all tailor-made, from the production to the storytelling to the vibe.
Play That 1Tone On “Repeat”
The emerging act channels the authentic flair and boundary-pushing vibes of rap heavyweights with smooth and playful lyrics over infectious beats and melodies. A pop-rap fusion that’s perfect for cruising with the windows down or turning up the heat at your next party, it is an extension of late summer anthems. 
Vic Souletric Taps Slum Village For “MW”
Preparing the release of his fourth installment, Vice For President 4,  the Ohio native returns with his most powerful and diverse music yet. Slum Village provides the music with authenticity with its signature soulful lyrics. You will cast your vote for Vic after you hear this. 
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97