By 

	Emily Zemler


Jennie stopped by Jimmy Kimmel Live to perform her latest single, “Mantra.” The performance, on the late-night show’s outdoor stage, marked the Blackpink singer’s U.S. television debut. 

	The live rendition of “Mantra” featured Jennie showcasing the upbeat pop song with high-octane choreography alongside a group of backup dancers, with more joining as the performance went along. 

	“Mantra,” released last week, is the first single of Jennie’s new era as a solo artist and will appear on her forthcoming second album after making her solo debut in 2018 with the aptly named LP Solo. It’s also her debut for new record label Columbia Records, where she signed in partnership with her own label Odd Atelier. 

	“It’s the perfect song to begin my new era,” Jennie said in a statement. “I think ‘Mantra’ will make my fans happy but also show a new side of me as a solo artist. The song was inspired by my time recording in Los Angeles and hopefully fans feel that energy — which is about being positive, being expressive, and being true to who you are. It’s energetic and empowering with a message for all of my ladies, women, and pretty girls out there to love yourself for who you are. This is your anthem.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	“Mantra” is Jennie’s first solo release since last year, when she dropped one-off single “You & Me.” She also launched her acting career with an appearance in HBO’s The Idol, a show created by the Weeknd and Euphoria‘s Sam Levinson. She sang on the soundtrack single “One of the Girls” alongside the Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.