The event will take over Las Vegas' T-Mobile Arena on Sept. 20 & 21.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	The iHeartRadio Music Festival lineup is heating up even more, with A$AP Rocky, Coldplay’s Chris Martin and The Weeknd joining the performers list, Billboard can exclusively reveal.

	They join previously announced performers Big Sean, Camila Cabello, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey, Hozier, Keith Urban, New Kids on the Block, Paramore, Shaboozey, The Black Crowes, Thomas Rhett and Victoria Monét. Hosted by Ryan Seacrest, the festival will also include one-of-a-kind collaborations and surprise performances.

	










	Ahead of his iHeart performance, The Weeknd will livestream a “one-night-only” concert from Sao Paolo, Brazil.  Martin is currently on tour with Coldplay, with the band joining forces with Maggie Rogers this week during a stop in Vienna to cover Taylor Swift after the superstar was forced to cancel her Eras Tour shows in the Austrian capital due to an alleged terror plot. And current Billboard cover star A$AP Rocky says his Don’t Be Dumb album is finally coming out this fall, so the iHeart crowd could hear some brand-new music from the rapper.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The event will take over Las Vegas’ T-Mobile Arena on Sept. 20 and 21, with tickets available via AXS here. For those who can’t catch the action in person, the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One will broadcast live for fans via iHeartMedia radio stations throughout the country. Additionally, Hulu will be the official streaming service for the festival, with performances broadcast live each night to all Hulu subscribers at no additional cost.

	“The iHeartRadio Music Festival is the one time each year when the best-in-class superstar artists from all genres of music come together to share one stage for a weekend of live music,” said Tom Poleman, chief programming officer, and John Sykes, president of entertainment enterprises of iHeartMedia. “And with Hulu as the Official Streaming Destination, the festival will reach even more fans across the country.”

	For more details about the iHeartRadio Music Festival visit iHeartRadio.com/festival.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.