Dead & Company bid farewell to touring, but that doesn't mean they're done with performing. What better way to not tour and yet put on an incredible show than with a residency at the Sphere in Las Vegas?
After being heavily rumored, the band dropped a teaser video yesterday (Jan. 31). The video features the text, "In 2023, Dead & Company played their final tour. But there are other ways to make sure the music never stops. And it's gonna be a ball."
The video then cuts to an aerial shot of the Sphere's exterior engulfed in a tie-dye pattern and then the Dead's iconic "Steal Your Face" logo.
With the confirmation of a residency out in the public, actual dates for Dead & Company's "Dead Forever" residency have been revealed. The dates are organized into six 3-show weekends. Live Nation notes that each weekend's three shows will feature a different setlist each night. So far, the following 18 dates have been confirmed:
-May 16, 17, 18, 24, 25, 26, 30 and 31.
-June 1, 6, 7, 8, 13, 14, 15, 20, 21 and 22.
Tickets for these shows go on sale to the general public on Friday, February 9 at 10 AM PT/1 PM ET via TicketMaster.com. Live Nation states, "Tickets start at $145 and will reflect all-in pricing. This means the ticket price listed is the full out-of-pocket price inclusive of taxes and fees." The ticket price range is from $145-$395.
As for presale opportunities, those begin on Monday, February 5 at 10 AM PT/1 PM ET. Advance presale registration is available at DeadAndCompany.com, as well as complete ticket details.
U2, of course, was the first artist to perform a residency at the new Vegas venue, which cost $2.3 billion to build. In December 2023, The Hollywood Reporter noted the 17 shows U2 performed through Nov. 30 generated $30.7 million in revenue, which is an average of $1.8 million per show.
Additionally, The Sphere has screened Darren Aronofsky's film Postcards From Earth. Through Nov. 30, the state-of-the-art venue has hosted 111 screenings of the film, which has resulted in $44.5 million in revenue. This averages to $400,000 per screening. Altogether, these two attractions have generated over $75 million in revenue for the new venue.
U2 recently announced their final four shows at The Sphere. They are February 23, February 24, March 1 and March 2. After U2 wraps their residency, Phish will be the next band to perform at The Sphere. Their show dates are currently April 18-21.
Concerts are all about good vibes and enjoying great music. But sometimes, there's an annoying side to the experience: dealing with bad concert etiquette. While most attendees understand the need for respect and consideration, a few don't get it. From talking during quiet moments to excessive smartphone use, it's safe to say that not everyone gets the memo on how to keep the concert vibe alive.
With Taylor Swift's Eras Tour and Beyoncé's Renaissance Tour breaking records and drawing massive crowds, many concertgoers have found themselves dealing with less-than-ideal behavior from their fellow music enthusiasts. In fact, videos have surfaced showcasing artists dealing with unruly fans.
Remember that incident with Cardi B? She threw a microphone into the crowd after someone chucked a drink at her during a concert. And let's not forget when Harry Styles got smacked in the eye by a piece of candy in Vienna, and Bebe Rexha needed stitches because she got hit by a mobile phone in New York. And Pink had quite the surprise when someone decided to scatter their mother's ashes on stage during her show in London. But maybe the most jaw-dropping moment was when Ava Max got slapped by a concertgoer right in the middle of her performance in Los Angeles.
Some people speculate that the extended break from live music during the pandemic might have brought in a wave of post-COVID attendees who are still learning the ropes of concert etiquette. According to the LA Times, many people link this issue to COVID-19, suggesting that the pandemic may have affected our social skills. While the pandemic did have a significant impact, the LA Times argues that it's time to stop using it as an excuse for unruly behavior, especially since by the end of 2020, COVID-19 shutdowns have ended, and restrictions have eased.
So, what are some concert no-nos that count as bad etiquette? Check out our list below.
Never throw objects, such as drinks or debris, during a concert. This can cause harm to other concertgoers and disrupt the performance. Not to mention, it's just rude. In July, singer BeBe Rexha had to get stitches after getting hit by a cellphone during her New York show.

A post shared by

Certain performers are open to engaging with signs displayed by fans in the audience. But oversized banners and signs can be disruptive, potentially obstructing the view for other concert attendees. Imagine dropping a bunch of cash to see your favorite artist, and all you get is a close-up of someone's giant poster. So, maybe think twice about lugging those signs along and just leave them at home. Still, it's worth noting that a massive sign isn't necessarily a concert showstopper. Take, for instance, Chris Dare and his wife Shantelle, who attended Adele's Las Vegas show in August. They held up a sign that read, "Adele, will you do our gender reveal?" To everyone's surprise, Adele invited them on stage, saying, "No one's really allowed signs in here. I'm just obsessed that you got one in. I've never done this." She then revealed the baby's gender in a viral video moment.
https://twitter.com/arianaunext/status/1678626999063965696?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1678626999063965696%7Ctwgr%5E35850095b695eca8d6dc3824037df7ea6b1e7898%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.insider.com%2Fconcert-fan-snatches-sign-viral-tiktok-2023-7
Bright screens and loud notifications can be distracting. Silence your phone, and if you need to use it, step out of the concert area. This also goes for taking photos and videos. A few pics or short videos are cool, but nobody wants to watch the whole concert through your shaky camera. Plus, it can block others' views. In July, Miranda Lambert stopped her Las Vegas concert mid-song to call out fans for taking selfies.
m-gucci/ Getty Images
Don't be that person who's always up and down during a concert. If you absolutely have to leave your seat, do it quietly when there's a break between songs. Think about it, every time you get up, you make a whole row stand up to let you through. So, save your bathroom breaks and drink refills for intermissions, or opt for an aisle seat if you know you'll be up and down a lot during the show. It'll help keep things smooth for everyone.
igoriss/ Getty Images
Nobody likes the person who talks loudly during the entire concert. They're the one who chats with their friends at full volume, not realizing they're annoying everyone else trying to enjoy the music. Essentially, they unintentionally disrupt the concert experience for others who just want to listen to the music without constant chatter in the background. If you want to chat, do it outside the concert area.
bernardbodo/ Getty Images
Excessive drinking or drug use can lead to obnoxious behavior and can be a safety concern. In a way, the concertgoer who's sloppy drunk or high is like the wild card at the concert. They add an unpredictable element to the mix. While they might be having a blast, their actions can be a distraction and annoyance to others who are trying to enjoy the music in a more composed manner.
zamrznutitonovi/ Getty Images
Remember to respect people's personal space and be aware of how you move around in the crowd. Most concerts are all about dancing and having a good time, so feel free to dance the night away. Just be sure to look around and make sure you're not accidentally bumping into others while you're at it. Additionally, being considerate means refraining from pushing or shoving them to get closer to the stage.
Wavebreakmedia/ Getty Images
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!