Kentucky is set to host its first key transfer target this weekend and on Thursday night, the competition was cut to three.
According to reports, Drexel transfer center Amari Williams cut his list to Kentucky, Mississippi State and St. John's. 
He's visiting Kentucky April 21-22.
Drexel transfer Amari Williams is down to three schools: St. John’s, Kentucky and Mississippi State, per his agent @GeorgeLangberg of GSL Sports Group. Williams will begin his final official visit to Kentucky on Saturday.First-team All-CAA and three-time CAA DPOY.
Williams is a 6-foot-10, 230-pounder who averaged 12.2 points, 7.8 rebounds and 1.8 blocks per game this season. He finished with 10 double-digit rebounding games and eight double-doubles. 
Williams is best known for his defensive ability and shot blocking. He led the CAA in blocks last year for the third straight season and has averaged 1.8 blocks per game over the course of the last three years. He had a block rate of 8.3 percent this past season and 8.7 percent for his career.
He ranked in the top-16 in the nation in player efficiency rating in each of the last two seasons.
Kentucky lost Aaron Bradshaw, Ugonna Onyenso and Zvonimir Ivisic this offseason -- all 7-footers. Bradshaw and Ivisic went into the transfer portal, committing to Ohio State and Arkansas respectively. Onyenso declared for the NBA Draft. 
Williams has one year of eligibility remaining.
Currently, Kentucky has just three players on its roster. Rising sophomore Jordan Burks, who played sparingly last year, and two incoming freshmen in four-star guards Travis Perry and Collin Chandler. 
This is Mark Pope's first major chance to make an impact and showcase what he wants his Kentucky team to look like. We'll see what he can do, starting this weeknd with Williams.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.