Your First Place For News
Multi award-winning artist The Weeknd makes his terrifying return to Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood with an all-new experience, “The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy” haunted house and “Terror Tram: Enter the Blumhouse” invites guests to step into a slate of popular horror films from Blumhouse Productions. “The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface,” which celebrates 50 years of the iconic maniacal monster, rounds out this year’s gruesome line up of terrifying haunted houses.
Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood kicks off on Thursday, September 5 and will continue select nights through Sunday, November 3. With less than a month until the event begins, now is the time to purchase the popular Frequent Fear Pass as they may sell out. The Frequent Fear Pass offers guest the opportunity to experience up to 33 nights of General Admission and revisit the terror over and over and over again.
The Weeknd is one of the 21st century’s most significant artists and the enigmatic superstar has continued to shatter records year after year. In 2022, he joined forces with Halloween Horror Nights to create the popular haunted house, “The Weeknd: After Hours Nightmare,” inspired by his highly successful “After Hours” album.
This year, he returns with “The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy,” which provides fans an authentic, one-of-a-kind horror experience with surprises at every turn and music by The Weeknd scored by seminal producer, artist, and seven-time Grammy award winner Mike Dean.
Universal Studios Hollywood’s exclusive Terror Tram is back with a vengeance. On “Terror Tram: Enter the Blumhouse,” horror fans will set off on the Universal Studios backlot and encounter some of the most frightening characters from Blumhouse’s popular franchises, including M3GAN, The Black Phone, Freaky, The Purge and Happy Death Day.
Plus, guests who purchase or opt to upgrade their event tickets to the R.I.P. Tour will encounter themed photo ops along with exclusive access to the Jupiter’s Claim set from the hit film Nope.
Continuing the momentum, Leatherface also makes his horrifying return to Halloween Horror Nights with “The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface.” The haunted house will debut an all-new storyline celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the original 1974 slasher film. Set in an abandoned slaughterhouse, visitors will encounter the many iterations of Leatherface from all nine films in the franchise, dodging his relentless chainsaw at every turn.
These exciting experiences join previously announced haunted houses, including Paramount Pictures’ critically-acclaimed franchise “A Quiet Place,” Sony Pictures’ horror-comedy “Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire,” Universal Pictures’ Classic Monsters in “Universal Monsters: Eternal Bloodlines,” “Insidious: The Further” based on the latest film in Blumhouse’s terrifying film series, “Monstruous 2: The Nightmares of Latin America” a sequel to the hit 2023 haunted house and “Dead Exposure: Death Valley” an original concept house with petrifying radioactive zombies.
Adding to the scares, guests also can experience select theme park attractions open during the event, including “Jurassic World—The Ride,” “The Wizarding World of Harry Potter” highly immersive land featuring “Harry Potter and the Forbidden Journey” and “Flight of the Hippogriff,” “Transformers: The Ride-3D,” “Revenge of the Mummy—The Ride” and “The Simpsons Ride.” Those purchasing select tickets will have same day access to the interactive land Super Nintendo World from 7:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. (subject to change).
Francis is a former coordinator of live concerts and radio DJ. He brings his experience in both reviews and interviews to First Comics News. Francis is also the creator of the comic “The Massacre Twins” from Ultima Comics.
For press inquiries: francisskypress@gmail.com

See author's posts

COLUMNISTS
Alex Wright
Amber Hassler
Barry Gregory
Ben Herman
Bill Black
Bob Almond
Christopher Watts
Dærick Gröss Sr.
Dærick (DW) Gröss
Dan Hagen
Mark Savage
Matthew Pulido
Miguel Ortiz
Tanya Tate
Tim Chizmar
CONTRIBUTORS
Buzz Dixon
Holly Golightly
Howard Chaykin
J. C. Vaughn
Joshua 1:9 Holley
Mike Bullock
Scott McDaniel
PODCASTERS
Art Sippo
Jamie Coville
Jeff Burton
Mark Torres
Roland Mann
Ronald-Thomas Fleming
Steven Butler
REPORTERS
Chris Squires
Eric N. Bennett
Francis Sky
Grant Offenberger
Jaesa Evermore
Joeseph Simon
Mark F. Davis
Martin Boruta
Peter Breau
Phil Latter
REVIEWERS
Calvin Daniels
Francis Garbut
Frank Zanca
Giovanni Aria
Jez Ibelle
Joshua Pantalleresco
Ric Croxton
Scott Schlazer
Wayne Hall
EDITORIAL STAFF
Matthew Szewczyk ♦ MANAGING EDITOR
Richard Vasseur ♦ BUREAU CHIEF CANADA
Rik Offenberger ♦ EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
Copyright 2024 First Comics News.
All Rights Reserved.
Providing pop culture news since October 18, 1998.
United States Offices:
12973 Saddleback Place
Chino, California
United States of America 91710-3384
USA.News.Desk@firstcomicsnews.com
 
Canadian Offices/Bureaux du Canada:
369 Manitoba Street
London, Ontario
Canada N5W 4W2
Canada.News.Desk@firstcomicsnews.com
 
European Offices/Europäische Büro:
Äußere Weberstr 57, 02763
Zittau, Sachsen, Deutschland
EU.News.Desk@firstcomicsnews.com