Plus, a full timeline of The Weeknd and Drake's tumultuous "friendship."

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

	As Drake profoundly prophesized, “Nothing was the same, dawg.” 

The Weeknd has dissed Drake on “All To Myself,” track no. 8 on Future and Metro Boomin‘s We Still Don’t Trust You. The track samples The Isley Brother’s “Let’s Lay Together.”

	Weeknd and Future sing through their issues on the pseudo-slow jam, with Tesfaye using the latter half of his verse to attack his former friend. He also seemingly sends shots at Drizzy’s OVO associate, Baka Not Nice, for making TikToks when he’s supposed to be Drake’s “shooter.” The crux of Weeknd’s verse is founded upon avoiding falling prey to signing his discography and “life” away to Drake early in his career. 

	“These ni**as always yappin’, yeah/ I promise that I got your back/ Ooh, look at how we movin’, baby/ They could never diss my brothers, baby/ When they got leaks in they operation/ I thank God that I never signed my life away/ And we never do the big talk/ They shooters makin’ TikToks/ Got us laughin’ in the Lambo,” he smoothly croons. 

	










	Drake and The Weeknd’s friendship has seen various ups and downs. After cosigning Tesfaye in 2011, Drizzy attempted to sign him to OVO records. Multiple attempts were made to no avail. During the time, Drake spoke about trying to get The Weeknd on October’s Very Own through paperwork, but insisted that their friendship was deeper than legal logistics. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“As far as on paper, it’s all being worked out, but that’s not really what counts anyway,” he told MTV at the time. “What counts to me is the fact that the affiliation is so known, and that’s all I really care about…I want to continue being involved in his career and vice versa and keep making music together, because you take songs like ‘Crew Love’ and ‘The Zone,’ that’s what people wait all night to hear.” 

	Drizzy reacted to the news that Abel decided to sign with Atlantic Records in 2012. He took to X/Twitter with a cryptic message that fans have long since speculated was a dig at The Weeknd. “You won’t get away with just a thank you…you owe me a favor,” he typed. 
"Bring your love baby I could bring my shame." – The Weeknd http://bit.ly/dLGnts

	But the two quickly made amends and jumped back into the studio in 2013. The Weeknd began his rollout for Kiss Land that summer, and who does he call for a guest verse? That’s right, Drake. Drizzy appears on The Weeknd’s single, “Live For.” Aubrey would also invite and take the Dawn FM singer with him on the European leg of his Would You Like a Tour.

	2015 brought about another valley within their friendship, as The Weeknd discussed his contributions to Drake’s Take Care album. Speaking to Rolling Stone as rumors began to swirl about Drake using ghostwriters for his music, The Weeknd stated that he gave up most of his album to Drizzy to create Take Care.

	









Drake brought out The Weeknd to perform at the OVO Fest. pic.twitter.com/A6BAMO6QEz

	“I gave up almost half of my album. It’s hard,” Weeknd said at the time. “I will always be thankful—if it wasn’t for the light he shined on me, who knows where I’d be. And everything happens for a reason. You never know what I would say if this success wasn’t in front of me now.”

	Two years later, the pair would make peace again, as Drake and The Weeknd hit the stage for a performance of “Crew Love” during Abel’s Starboy tour. The live show marked the first time that the men performed the song since the Take Care era. The move prompted speculation that the men were back in the studio together, and fans were excited for a potential Take Care-esque moment. Drizzy would then tease an OVO and XO collaboration project after bringing out Tesfaye at the 2017 OVO Festival in August.

	“I want you to understand what this is,” Drake said to the The Weeknd. “First of all, I don’t want to do this to you on stage, but I feel like that OVOXO project has to happen at some point. I just want to say that.”

	Things began to crumble yet again in October 2017. Rumors began to swirl regarding Drake and The Weeknd’s ex-flame, Bella Hadid. It was speculated that Drizzy was dating Hadid after throwing her an extravagant birthday party.

	In November 2017, Drake finally addressed The Weeknd’s comments regarding Take Care. According to HypeBeast, Drizzy responded to a troll insisting that The Weeknd created most of his sophomore album. Aubrey set the record straight on the matter, saying that Abel only participated in writing four of the album’s twenty songs. 

	“Abel Tesfaye CO WROTE on ‘Shot For Me’ and ‘Practice,’ obviously was featured on ‘Crew Love’ and ‘The Ride’ and that’s it,” Drake responded. “There’s 20 songs on that album… don’t try me.”

	










	Finally, The Weeknd would bring the problems to the booth in 2019. Appearing on Gesaffelstein song “Lost in the Fire,” The After Hours singer issued a shot at Drake. He referenced Pusha T‘s “Story of Adidon,” which accused Drizzy of hiding his son, Adonis. “And I just want a baby with the right one/’Cause I would never be the one to hide one.” 

	Drizzy would later claim that the two were on good terms in the 2019 song, “WAR.” He confirmed that they did have issues, but have since made peace. Again. 

	“And the boy that sound like he sang on Thriller/You know that’s been my ni**a/Yeah, we just had to fix things/Family, 6 tings, we can’t split up,” the For All The Dogs artist spit.

	But that peace treaty didn’t seem to hold up. “Started from the bottom, now we here” for real.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.