Abel "The Weeknd" Tesfaye is giving back to Los Angeles youth to help them end the school year with success.
The four-time Grammy Award-winner has partnered with L.A. nonprofit organization School on Wheels to support more than 1,000 students who are "experiencing homelessness from kindergarten through twelfth grade," per a press release.
"COVID-19 devastated our unhoused students more than any other group," the press release continues. "The pandemic erased two decades of progress in math and reading, and researchers have documented that the poverty rate is the best predictor of the extent of that learning loss."
As Tesfaye has contributed a large donation to School on Wheels, the organization will provide tutoring and literacy tools, connections to post-high school mentorship opportunities through the BUS (Believe-Understand-Suceed) program, and technology assistance.
The students will receive Chromebooks and other laptops, internet access, and software programs like Renaissance Star Assessments, MyOn, and Freckle to improve their learning skills and match them to an accurate curriculum based on their educational needs.
Tesfaye's been on his humanitarian streak in the last few years, donating to charitable organizations in Gaza, Ethiopia, and Lebanon and contributing $1 million combined to nonprofit charity MusiCares and COVID relief for hospital workers in his home province of Ontario.
pop-culture | BY Alex Ocho
Dancing The Weeknd Lookalikes Flash Mob Take Over Times Square
music | BY Louis Pavlakos
The Weeknd Performs "Circus Maximus" For The First Time In Mexico
music | BY Louis Pavlakos
Drake And The Weeknd AI Track Barred From Juno Awards Eligibility
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.