By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:05, 3 April 2024   |  Updated:  22:09, 3 April 2024   
 18
View  comments
Jay-Z's Made in America Festival has been cancelled for the second consecutive year.
On Wednesday, the Philly-based festival announced in a statement on social media that it would 'not take place in 2024.'
'Since its inception, this groundbreaking festival has celebrated music & community – from creating a space for fans to connect, to uplifting local small businesses & shining a light on important causes,' the organizers explained. 'It has strived for accessibility, eliminating barriers through affordable tickets and location.'
The coordinators continued: 'As purveyors of change, the Made In America executive production team is reimagining a live music experience that affirms our love and dedication to music and the work we do.' 
Jay-Z's Made in America Festival has been cancelled for the second consecutive year; seen in September 2017
On Wednesday, the Philly-based festival announced in a statement on social media that it would 'not take place in 2024' (pictured in 2012)
'We promise an exciting return to the festival,' the planners concluded. 
A lineup had not been announced yet. 
Made in America Festival is a two-day music festival, held every Labor Day weekend, on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia since 2012. 
Apart from this and last year's cancellations, the festival has only ever been called off in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Last year, festival organizers cancelled the festival just one month before showtime due to 'severe circumstances outside of production control.' 
'This decision has been difficult and has not been made lightly nor without immense deliberation,' they assured fans. 'Made In America has a legacy of delivering exceptional experiences for music fans and concert goers, and it is our commitment to always deliver a top-tier festival experience.'
The yearly two day festival was founded in 2012 by Jay-Z and the subject of the 2013 documentary Made in America, directed by Ron Howard. 
Previously headliners for the festival include Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Pearl Jam, Drake, Kanye West, Imagine Dragons, Cardi B and The Weeknd. 
Roc Nation CEO Desiree Perez previously told Complex that the festival has always had a 'vision of seeing all genres of music and urban community in a setting that is so historic and important to the culture.' 
'Since its inception, this groundbreaking festival has celebrated music & community – from creating a space for fans to connect, to uplifting local small businesses & shining a light on important causes,' the organizers explained
Previously headliners for the festival include Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Cardi B (pictured above in 2019), Pearl Jam, Drake, Kanye West, Imagine Dragons and The Weeknd
Jay-Z is reportedly very involved with the festival from performing and curating the lineup to 'the creation of our stages' and food; seen in 2024
'Our vision was to see this place with all kinds of people, all kinds of music, and to come together and celebrate together without barriers,' he explained. 
As for why Jay-Z chose Philadelphia, Perez pointed out it is 'where the constitution was written.' 
'Jay came up with the name Made in America, and when he said the name, there was only one city that immediately drew to us,' he continued. 'Jay’s vision was to make sure that it’s in an urban city where everyone can get to. Not everyone has money to travel two hours away or get a hotel two hours away, so it’s inviting of the community at the same time.'
Perez also raved about how Jay-Z involved is with the festival from performing and curating the lineup to 'the creation of our stages' and food.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group