ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LONDON, ENGLAND - OCTOBER 15: (Exclusive Coverage) Madonna performs during The Celebration Tour at ... More The O2 Arena on October 15, 2023 in London, England. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/WireImage for Live Nation)
Madonna has been churning out hit singles for four decades now. While many of her contemporaries have stepped out of the spotlight and ceased producing chart wins, the Queen of Pop is still going strong. Her recent collaboration with The Weeknd, “Popular,” has become not just another win for the singer, but one of the longest-charting of her career.
This week, “Popular” is still riding high on the U.K. ranking of the most-consumed songs. The tune drops slightly from No. 12 to No. 14, but the fact that it’s sliding backward isn’t really important. What matters most is how long the collaboration has been charting.
“Popular” has now spent 27 weeks on the U.K. songs chart. That’s just slightly more than half a year, which is a milestone that Madonna has only reached in that nation with three of her hits.
Madonna’s longest-charting single in the U.K. remains “Hung Up.” That cut held on for 40 frames–more than 10 weeks longer than her own runner-up. The Grammy winner’s “4 Minutes,” a collaboration with Justin Timberlake and Timbaland, lived on the ranking for 29 weeks.
“Popular” has thus far peaked at No. 11 on the U.K. songs chart, missing becoming her sixty-fourth top 10 hit by just one space. It’s entirely possible that the single could rise again and reach that tier in the coming frames, but even if it fails to do so, Madonna, The Weeknd, and fellow featured artist Playboy Carti can still be proud of their smash.
Madonna and Carti joined The Weeknd on “Popular,” which he fronted, co-wrote, and co-produced. The track was created for his HBO series The Idol, which leaned heavily on the Canadian superstar’s musical talents. While the series wasn’t a huge success–it didn’t earn much critical acclaim, and HBO announced some time ago that it wouldn’t be renewed for a second season–the music from the program has lived on.
Since “Popular” is still charting as high as No. 14, it seems likely that it will continue to find space on the ranking in the U.K. for some time to come. It’s reasonable to expect it to soon match “4 Minutes” as Madonna’s second-longest-charting hit, and where it goes from there is yet to be seen. Could the smash tie “Hung Up” with 40 weeks on the chart–or perhaps even more? That’s a much tougher, and tantalizing, question, but it doesn’t seem impossible for the months-old pop and R&B hit.