The star has racked up an unprecedented 24 songs that have hit 1 billion streams on Spotify. That became a cause for celebration. 
The Weeknd might be one of the biggest artists of the last decade, but his connection with his audience remains as intimate as ever. Stadium tours and Super Bowl halftime shows aside, he's still able to reach his fans (or his XO Gang, as he refers to them) on a personal level. They rarely call him The Weeknd, after all. For them, he's always been Abel.
This year, The Weekend became the first artist to have 24 songs each individually reach a billion streams—and the first to perform in Spotify's Billions Club Live concert series. For a one-night-only event held at the Barker Hangar outside of Santa Monica Airport, he performed his greatest hits, including career-defining records like “Call Out My Name,” “The Hills,” and “Can't Feel My Face” as well as fan-favorite deep cuts and recent collaborations, like last year's “Popular,” which have also racked up a billion streams and counting.
Unlike the many stadium tours we've seen over the past few years, this was an experience that money couldn't buy. Only top listeners of The Weeknd on Spotify were invited to come experience the event, which celebrated not just his top-streamed songs, but really his entire musical legacy.
“We wanted to create something intimate that still felt grand for the fans. With a raw space like the Barker Hangar, we worked with Spotify to build out a fully custom stage with a long runway and lean into lighting to give it the Wow effect,” says The Weeknd's creative director, La Mar C. Taylor. “How many people can say they attended a concert in a private hangar? The venue definitely added to the allure of the evening. He wanted to create a one-night-only event for a group of his fan base that helped him achieve such a career milestone. The fans have given him so much over the years that he wanted to pay them back in a very special way.”
Spotify and The Weeknd's creative team started working on the event in August of this year. While a number of top artists have been recognized for hitting the billion mark on the platform—like fellow Harper's Bazaar cover stars Bad Bunny, Cardi B, and Miley Cyrus—The Weeknd's longstanding streaming dominance was cause for a different type of celebration. 
“He's the biggest artist on the Spotify platform and has such an incredible catalog of music and such a distinct sound. He's really particular about the things he puts on for his fans, and he just made perfect sense for this,” says Ashley Graver, Spotify's Head of Artist Partnerships. “It's been so much fun and so much work [to bring this to life]. His team has leaned into every single detail, from stage design to merch to lighting to coming and rehearsing for hours and making sure the set list was absolutely perfect for tonight, to make sure the fans would have the perfect one-night-only experience.” 
Graver believes it's The Weeknd's global appeal that has helped sustain his streaming success. 
“He's been able to dominate [for so long] because he spans across so many different genres. He's constantly pushing creative boundaries, and he's so leaned into culture and the underground scenes of dance music, of hip-hop, of R&B," she adds. “And then he takes that and inspires a new sound that connects with a global audience.” 
  The fans, of course, are what continue to fuel The Weeknd's creative drive; he courts them, rather than courting the music industry. This is the artist, after all, who decided to very publicly (and indefinitely) opt out of the Grammy Awards after they failed to recognize his 2020 album After Hours—one of the biggest and bestselling projects of that year. In a way, the star's Billions Club Live performance cemented the fact that his music will only continue to transcend the expectations of everyone around him—and the expectations are high. The star said it himself when he listed his plans for 2025: “New album, new tour, new movie… new everything.”   
What to Wear to Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour
All the Songs Played on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Every Photo From Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour
The Early 2000s Never Really Ended
It's Going to Be an Alt-Girl Summer
Lola Young Is Our May 2025 Music Director
Three Artists on the Legacy of the Vietnam War
New Lorde Music Is Finally On Its Way
The Top 5 Moments From the Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Stole the Show on the Cowboy Carter Tour
How to Get Tickets to the Cowboy Carter Tour
In Bonjour Tristesse, the Costumes Have Heart
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.