If you’re a fan of Future, there’s no better time than the present.
In addition to dropping a new album on April 12, the popular rapper just announced his 27-concert arena ‘We Trust You Tour’ with producer Metro Boomin.
Midway through the summer run, the Hip-Hop icons are slated to drop into Brooklyn’s Barclays Center on Thursday, Aug. 15.
On this jaunt, fans can expect to hear tracks from the duo’s aforementioned No. 1 record “We Don’t Trust You,” which includes guest spots from big-name collaborators like J. Cole, A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, Ty Dolla $ign, and Lil Baby.
For those that can’t wait to catch Future and Metro Boomin go hard live this year — maybe with some help from their high-profile friends — tickets can be scooped up for all ‘We Trust You Tour’ concerts as soon as today.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, April 19, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues, and links to buy tickets can be found here.
On Aug. 1-4, Lollapalooza returns to Chicago’s Hutchinson Field at Grant Park for four days of rock, punk, Hip-Hop, R&B, K-Pop and more.
Headliners joining Future and Metro Boomin include R&B icon SZA, indie rock heroes The Killers, K-Pop superstars Stray Kids, pop-punk hitmakers Blink-182 and Hip-Hop headliner Tyler, The Creator.
Want to go?
You can pick up single and multi-day Lollapalooza passes here.
On April 12, Future and Metro Boomin dropped their electric two-disc album “We Don’t Trust You.”
Comprised of 25 tracks, the record is a showcase for Metro Boomin’s glittery production and Future’s impeccable flow.
After a few listens, we were wowed by the trippy “Jealous,” soaring “Right 4 You” and blissed out “Gracious.”
However, our team couldn’t stop coming back to the hypnotic, retro-futuristic sound of the album opener “We Still Don’t Trust You” featuring The Weeknd. Listen once and you’ll come back for more, too; a single spin simply does not suffice with music this catchy.
Want to give the record a whirl?
You can find “We Don’t Trust You” in its glorious entirety here.
Keep your eyes peeled, Hip-Hop heads.
Many of the biggest names in the game are hitting the road these next few months.
To keep you in the loop, here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss in the near future.
• Missy Elliott with Busta Rhymes and Ciara
• A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie
• 21 Savage
• Gunna
• Lil Wayne
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 for a closer look.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change