23 August 2024

David Henrie has always "been there" for Selena Gomez.
David Henrie starred alongside Selena Gomez on the show that made her famous
The 35-year-old actor starred as Selena's on-screen brother Justin Russo in the magical Disney Channel sitcom 'Wizards of Waverly Place' in the late 2000s and admitted that it "means a lot" to have watched the show's breakout star - who has endured a number of challenging times during her time in the public eye amid her battle with bipolar disorder - to have watched her get through it all 
He told E! News: "It means a lot to me. I've been there for her for many years, and I know how much she's sacrificed and how hard that is. She's handled it all with grace. I'm so happy."Selena -who broke out into music following her rise to fame with Disney and stars on 'Only Murders in the Building' alongside Steve Martin and Martin Short - who previously dated the likes of Justin Bieber and The Weeknd but is now in a relationship with Benny Blanco and David revealed why he thinks Selena's new boyfriend is a "super cool dude".
He said: "He orders great Italian food! He ordered a ton of stuff."
Selena and David are set to reunite for 'Wizards Beyond Waverly Place', which will serve as a sequel to their Disney Channel sitcom, and the 'Lose You To Love Me' songstress recently confirmed that she will  be an executive producer but will also return to her role as Alex Russo in a guest appearance. 

Speaking on 'Jimmy Kimmel, Live!', she told guest host and her co-star Martin Short: "I'm so excited. 

"It's basically something you know I don't know about your life, you don't know about my life. It's a show that means a lot to me.

" I will be in the first episode. I'm executive producing it. It brings me to tears because that is the beginning of where I started. And to honour it in this way has truly been a blast, and I can't wait for people to see it."


Tagged in  Selena Gomez
Justin Bieber
The Weeknd


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.11113s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 09:57:57