Drake could have a diss track in the tuck for some of his rap rivals.
Shortly after the release of Metro Boomin and Future's new album We Still Don't Trust You, the 6 God seemingly responded to new disses on the LP with a meme shared to his Instagram Stories.
"Never give up. You may be closer than you think," the meme reads, above a cartoon image of two men chipping away at a diamond mine. The man on top continues his quest for diamonds, while the man beneath him gives up inches before finally reaching the jewels. Text on top of the diamonds reads "a reaction," which prompted fans believe that the message was for ASAP Rocky, J. Cole, The Weeknd, Future, and everyone coming for him on new tracks in the Don't Trust You series.
This saga kicked off when Kendrick Lamar took a shot at Drake and J. Cole on "Like That" from We Don't Trust You, which led to Cole making his own diss track before apologizing and removing it from streamers.
On "All to Myself," The Weeknd seemed to express gratitude for not signing to Drake's record label, OVO Sound, in his early career.
"They could never diss my brothers, baby / When they got leaks in they operation / I thank God that I never signed my life away," The Idol star sang on the track.
Although ASAP Rocky and Drake were once cool, even collaborating on 2013 single "F**kin Problems," Flacko turned up the heat on "Show of Hands," alleging that he was previously intimate with Sophie Brussaux, the mother of Drake's son Adonis.
"N****s in they feelings over women, what, you hurt or somethin'? / I smash before you birthed, son, Flacko hit it first, son / Still don' trust you, it's always us, never them," Rocky rapped in his fiery verse.
We Still Don't Trust You cut "Red Leather" features J. Cole connecting with Future and Metro, despite him and Drake concluding their joint tour earlier this month. On X, a Dreamville fan page claimed that the feature had been submitted "for a while," meaning it was possibly recorded before the recent feuds with Drake kicked off.
Drake has subtly responded to the heat multiple times and in multiple different ways, including using Vybz Kartel easter eggs, and it's speculated that a scathing diss could drop any day now, as claimed by Joe Budden.
"I have it on good information that both sides went in the booth and came out," Budden said on his podcast. "And what I'm hearing about both sides is that it's nuclear. It's up-up. I'm hearing this from people that can rap. So I want to come in here and say that speculation time is over. Debate time is over."
Hopefully it's just a matter of time before we hear this lethal response.
music | BY Jordan Rose
Every Drake Subliminal, Cryptic IG Caption, and Speech Since “Like That” Dropped
music | BY Jordan Rose
Every Rapper Potentially Feuding With Drake Right Now
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake Keeps It Cryptic Following Kendrick Diss: 'I’m Down to Make It Worse'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.