Photo: Getty Images
The rap world is debating whether an alleged diss track from Drake is authentic or AI. On Saturday, April 13, a fan account on X, formerly known as Twitter, uploaded a song by Drake in which he returns fire to a slew of artists who have dissed him recently. The Canadian rapper begins his verse by responding to Future, who teamed up with Metro Boomin to cook up two albums that's laced with numerous shots at Drizzy from Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd and A$AP Rocky. "I can never be nobody number one fan/Your first number one, I had to put it in your hand," Drake raps over a sample of Junior M.A.F.I.A's "Get Money."
"How the f**k you big steppin' with a size seven men's on?" he continues in his shot at K. Dot. "This the bark with the bite, n***a, what's up?/I know my picture on the wall when y'all cook up, Extortion baby, whole career you been shook up/'Cause Top told you drop and give me fifty like some push-ups." Drake piles on K. Dot and pokes fun at his pop crossovers with the likes of Maroon 5 and Taylor Swift. He also alleges Kendrick Lamar is no longer in the Big 3 and suggests he's been wiped out by SZA, Travis Scott and 21 Savage. He even directly responds to Lamar's reference to Michael Jackson and Prince in "Like That." "What's a prince to a king? He a son," Drake declares. "I get more love in the city that you from." The song also contains jabs at Young Metro ("Metro, shut your hoe ass up and make some drums") as well as J. Cole, The Weeknd and his XO crew. Abel took his own shots at Drizzy on both WE DON'T TRUST YOU and WE STILL DON'T TRUST YOU. Later on, Drizzy takes aim at Rick Ross, who also teamed up with Future and Metro on their first joint album. "I might take your latest girl and cuff her like I'm Ricky," Drake raps. "Can't believe he jumpin' in, this n***a turnin' fifty/Every song that made it on the chart, he got from Drizzy/Worry 'bout whatever goin' on with you and- (Uh)." Drake didn't release the song himself, which caused plenty of discourse online. Fans immediately debated over whether the song is real or another product of Al. As of this report, Drake has neither promoted the record nor confirmed its authenticity. Check out some of the reactions to the alleged diss track below.