Musician and FANGORIA cover star Abel Tesfaye (aka The Weeknd) is set to make his feature starring debut in the psychological thriller Hurry Up Tomorrow, which has officially landed at Lionsgate.
Reporting the news earlier today, Deadline also detail that Jenna Ortega (Scream, Wednesday) and Barry Keoghan (Saltburn, Bird) are set to star alongside Tesfaye.
Directed by Trey Edward Shults (Waves, It Comes at Night), Hurry Up Tomorrow is being billed as an extension to The Weeknd's upcoming album of the same name. Plot details are currently under wraps.
Adam Fogelson, chair of Lionsgate Motion Picture Group, expressed his excitement to Deadline:
Abel is a visionary whose art cannot be confined by any single medium […] With Hurry Up Tomorrow, in partnership with Trey, his musical universe expands onto the big screen with a psychological thriller that will usher in a new cinematic experience for fans. We are thrilled to be bringing it to audiences worldwide.
Hurry Up Tomorrow is being produced by Tesfaye's Manic Phase and Reza Fahim along with the late Kevin Turen and Harrison Kreiss. Ortega, Shults, Michael Rapino, Ryan Kroft, Wassim “Sal” Slaiby and Harrison Huffman all executive produce.
Tesfaye previously made his acting debut in Sam Levinson's controversial series The Idol, alongside Nosferatu star Lily-Rose Depp.
Fans of The Weeknd's work will know that the Grammy-winning artist is no stranger to melding horror into his work, even having his own house at Halloween Horror Nights.
We're very excited to see what The Weeknd cooks up in his first film role. Keep your eyes peeled for updates.



Post Tags:

#horror news
#hurry up tomorrow
#jenna ortega
#the weeknd



Amber T is FANGORIA's Head News Writer, resident Brit, and Japanese horror expert. Her non-news writing can be found on physical media releases by ARROW, Second Sight Films, 88 Films, Terror Vision and ERROR 4444, as well as frequently in FANGORIA's glossy paper pages.
Get weekly news, editorials, rare images from the Fango vault, special deals and more. It's like getting a mini of FANGORIA every week in your inbox.
The World's Best Horror and Cult Film Magazine Since 1979.
Required reading for the horror community.