Home    Forums    Music    What did we learn about the 2024 Grammy Awards?
Things that should help the grammy to improve: – Nomination: Two round step like the Baftas. The top 15 of each category is selected for Round 1. Round 2 select the top 5. It will help to have a mix a popular songs/album and critical ones. – voting: In the GF: – AOTY: Ranking the 8 nominees like the oscar for best picture. – SOTY & ROTY : No need to change – BNA : reduce to 5 – Remove the new Best pop dance, it just make BPDG useless. 
Someone send this to the academy’s email 🙏
It's me... Hi
 They literally had exactly this for over 30 years and got rid of it in 2022 after it was heavily criticized for snubbing popular artists (The Weeknd’s meltdown set it off). I agree with your suggestion for ranked voting. It’s ridiculous that there is 8 nominees and no ranked voting. Hell last year there were 10 and that’s how we got something like Bonnie winning SOTY and I suspect that’s why they lowered the noms back to 8. I would also suggest the Oscars nomination system where the amount of #1s you get matters in getting a spot. Right now voters just pick 5 nominations flat in every category and it’s unranked. Thats how you get something like Endless Summer Vacation or Special making AOTY because Pop Voters just need a filler 5th spot. Changing to the Oscar’s way of nominations would get some real passion picks nominated across the General Field. 
I mean, sure the committee was not the entire academy and I think he proposes that all voters participate in both rounds.
I think there should be a 3 place preferential vote, meaning that the voters make their top 3 of possible winners and for each place they get certain scores.
It's me... Hi
Sometimes an aggressive campaign doesn’t always pay off. Olivia was literally everywhere, she did: every late night show, SNL, was on magazine covers, did interview, was part of the Hollywood reporter round table and she went home with nothing. A clean 0/6. Meanwhile Miley was pretty much absent the whole season and took home the big prize for REcord of the Year.  
That’s such a flex for Miley. The music really spoke for itself.
Taylor could literally only win AOTY or with Pop Album. Even with the biggest year a musician has had in forever, voters didn’t give her a sweep. This also shows how overestimated she is in Pop but she garners cross-genre support.
thoughts on the voting process:
it should very obviously be a ranked ballot, in nominations and especially in wins
i would prefer to have a two step nominations process like pre-2022 but i recognise the obvious problems witb this which led to it being scrapped in most categorie. i think if it were even more similar to the BAFTAs, where the top __ submissions were automatically nominated before a panel intervened, it would be better
they also need to try and do something about alphabetical bias. it is clearly still a huge factor in the nominations, in some categories more than others. it wasn’t as bad this year as last year though. from a selfish perspective this would make it so much harder for us though 😭 alphabias feels like a cheat code sometimes
What i learn: – The merge of alternative and rock voters benefits for rock leaning song in the alternative field. Weird song which belongs to alternative will never win there again because of the amount of rock voter. This is the case for Lana, Big thief, bjork, James Blake. – Racism is a real thing among academy voters against black woman. But the sexual thematic is important for the album category. The voters from Classical, Jazz, Country , Folk, Christian, Gospel will play it safe. Kendrick, Sza, Beyonce,… use to many sexual words and visual in their body of work. It’s not at their advantage. Artist like Jon, Bruno, Her, Samara Joy won in GF because it’s easy to listen to their music. THE SUBJECT REALLY MATTERS Classical, Jazz, Country , Folk, Christian, Gospel = 30% of the voters. If an artist want to win in GF, they have to convice these voters. – Genre field awards are more exciting than GF 
If sexual phrases/references are the common denominator in black artists not winning AOTY then I don’t see how the hell Outkast was able to win AOTY in 04 with two lead singles that were heavily sexual in nature. Big Boi’s entire second verse was about him having no qualms humping on Big Women, Slim Women, or any size of woman in-between. Andre’s bridge was literally “Don’t want you to meet your daddy/just want you in my caddie” “Don’t want to meet your mama/just want to make you cumma”  both discs on the album are full of sexually explicit songs and references.
Me thinks it has nothing to do with sexual references and everything to do with the color of these artists skin and the genres they represent. Kendrick has made entire albums talking about the pitfalls of and stripping away the glorification of gang culture (Good Kid M.a.a.d City) the state of black identity in America (To Pimp A Butterfly) A Parable Of Life & Death (Damn) and Black Male Trauma and Healing (Mr Morale & The Big Steppers) these are not overtly sexual themes in themselves NOR do the singles that Kendrick chose as solitary representations of the album bare overtly sexual lyrics or connotations (PLEASE find me something super sexy about Police shooting unarmed black men dead in the street or the debilitating affects certain stereotypical aspects of black culture have on the black community)
Same for Beyonce. I don’t see whats so overtly sexual about Formation or Break My Soul save for Beyonce dressing in a manner that exposes her curves and hips. Maybe with the Beyonce album you’d have an argument as a certain sexual freedom seemed to permeate the themes of that particular album, but were the representations of that album any more explicit than what Daft Punk presented in their AOTY winning Random Access Memories (“I’m up all night to Get Luck!”)
The new common denominator may be one of the things you say: the violence within black culture may be what makes certain voters uncomfortable, one of the hypothetical reasons Kill Bill didn’t even win its genre category.
Though sure, there is violence and mentions of guns or drugs within white music hmmm.
It's me... Hi
thoughts on the voting process: it should very obviously be a ranked ballot, in nominations and especially in wins i would prefer to have a two step nominations process like pre-2022 but i recognise the obvious problems witb this which led to it being scrapped in most categorie. i think if it were even more similar to the BAFTAs, where the top __ submissions were automatically nominated before a panel intervened, it would be better they also need to try and do something about alphabetical bias. it is clearly still a huge factor in the nominations, in some categories more than others. it wasn’t as bad this year as last year though. from a selfish perspective this would make it so much harder for us though 😭 alphabias feels like a cheat code sometimes 
Grammys is quite tricky compared to Oscars due to its sheer amount of submissions which leads to alphabetical bias because the voters are too lazy to scroll down let alone listening and digesting the music before making their decision. BRP was there before to bring the passionate nominees but the problem is people start questioning their integrity, Abel pointed this out. If I’m  remember correctly, Grimes spilled some tea when she tried to lobby for Sophie however there was other members of genre committee rejected her suggestion.
Sexy, confident. So intelligent.
She is heaven-sent. So soft, so strong.
My main thing is between the Miley and Harry wins is stop assuming voters will be biased against artists because of their pasts. If they make something big and universal enough, they can win the big awards.

Each year, it becomes more noticeable that Munchi’s theory of Columbia being good at behind-the-scenes politics and marketing is real, lol.
Each year, it becomes more noticeable that Munchi’s theory of Columbia being good at behind-the-scenes politics and marketing is real, lol.
Think that’s been apparent ever Lil Nas’s AOTY nom for a 20 min EP.
 Think that’s been apparent ever Lil Nas’s AOTY nom for a 20 min EP. 
Yeah, I think he first mentioned this in 2019 as a reason why LNX’s EP was gonna get in. But I thought it was utter crap lol.
Honey, even if it’s a ranked ballot, white people would still win the big prizes.  YUCK!
That Jay Z is a sore loser. Don’t go up there demanding respect for your wife when your ass was cheating on her left and right. The woman has 32 Grammys some of them undeserved handouts. Like seriously the academy had to make a different dance category because of her category fraud. But yall ain’t ready for that conversation. 
Congratulations to 4 Time Grammy Album of the Year Winner Taylor Swift!!!
I realy can’t understand how Paramore win album rock and had no nomination in rock song. Alt/rock field was so wtf is happening 
Voters just went out of their way to leave Lana Del Rey emptyhanded. Now we know they really don’t like her.
Grammys is quite tricky compared to Oscars due to its sheer amount of submissions which leads to alphabetical bias because the voters are too lazy to scroll down let alone listening and digesting the music before making their decision. BRP was there before to bring the passionate nominees but the problem is people start questioning their integrity, Abel pointed this out. If I’m  remember correctly, Grimes spilled some tea when she tried to lobby for Sophie however there was other members of genre committee rejected her suggestion.
Grimes complaint faces a different problem than The Weeknd. She wanted to include Sophie but the committee had to respect the top 15 most voted, they were just following the rules.
Abel’s complaint was that the committees were blocking those who were truly the most voted (him).
It’s contrary situations. She wanted more liberty from the panels to make their own passionate choices since the general membership votes so bad. And he believed the panels were biased for not including the most popular choices in favour of others.
With that being said, bring back BRP
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				3 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media