By 

	Chris Willman

Senior Music Writer and Chief Music Critic

	If you’ve gotten a good look at the just-released list of Record Store Day 2024 exclusives due to hit indie stores on April 20, you may rightly feel overwhelmed: It includes no less than 387 titles. Seriously perusing the lineup can easily amount to a full day’s work, if you’re the kind of omnivore who’s prone to clicking on each alphabetically arranged title to look for content, vinyl colors (black being much more the exception than the rule these days) and — the most trepidatiously approached information of all — how many or how few copies were pressed.

	If you don’t have all those hours to spare, Variety is here to help sift through that information overload just a little. We’ve broken down some 2024 list highlights by categories, to give you a head start if classic rock, hip-hop, jazz, country or contemporary pop is your primary thing. We’ve only scratched the surface of the 387 — the full list of which you’ll eventually want to refer to, here — but we can point you toward some of the most likely to be sought after after titles, including high-profile exclusives from the Weeknd, Paramore, Noah Kahan, Pearl Jam, Talking Heads, David Bowie and the Beatles (collectively, plus three out of four as soloists), along with hundreds of cult-ier favorites.

	In case this is your first question, there’s no Taylor Swift release, a la the “Long Pond Sessions” LP that was a doorbuster last April. But after the initial rollout came an additional announcement for a joint Olivia Rodrigo/Noah Kahan release, covering each other’s songs — and considering that these two individually were responsible for a big part of the lineups for Record Store Day Black Friday with their respective exclusives, a collaborative release is going to bring out some hoards. Meanwhile, Ateez, a K-pop group with a 15,000-copy release, stands the biggest chance of bringing in a different, younger demographic that may be experiencing RSD for the first time.

	Outside of these individual items potentially bringing in different demographics than usual, many crusty RSD veterans are saying this is the best — i.e., most potentially wallet-emptying — lineup in years. Here’s our preliminary breakdown:

Olivia Rodrigo & Noah Kahan – Olivia Rodrigo “Stick Season”/Noah Kahan “Lacy” – “From the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge” (7″ single, unknown color vinyl, 15,000 copies)

	Not the first time there’s been a “pop favorites cover each other’s tunes” release for RSD, but certainly the first at this level of current A-level popularity for both artists involved. Factor in that “Stick Season” has just entered the top 10 (via Kahan’s original version, that is), and that “Lacy” is perhaps the biggest cult favorite, if not necessarily biggest hit, off Rodrigo’s latest album, and this will just up fans’ eagerness to hear these two do a “Freaky Friday” tradeoff on disc.

Paramore: “Re: This Is Why” (LP, red vinyl, 15,000 copies)

Paramore: “Re: This Is Why (Remix + Standard)” (2 LPs, multiple vinyl colors, 10,000 copies)

	Paramore is 2024’s official Record Store Day Ambassador, and the band has a couple releases to go with that honor, or duty. Both of them involve a physical release of the digital album that consisted of celebrity remixes of songs from the group’s 2023 “This Is Why” album. You can pick up that remix package separately as a single LP or as part of a double-album that includes the unremixed original. If you already own a digital copy of the remix album (which featured the knob handiwork of Wet Leg, Bartees Strange, Zane Lowe and others), do know that there’s one fresh addition for the vinyl release, a new production of “Sanity” by Jack Antonoff.

Noah Kahan: “I Was/I Am” (LP, blue vinyl, 15,000 copies)

	At RSD Black Friday a few months back, Olivia Rodrigo’s EP was supposed to be the hottest exclusive… but it’s not clear that that title shouldn’t belong to Kahan’s “Cape Elizabeth” EP, whose 5,000 copies went flying off the shelves. For a followup release — a vinyl reissue of Kahan’s 2021 debut album —his label has determined not to leave quite so much money on the table. The pressing number for this one has been tripled, from 5K to 15,000. Which may still not be enough, given his suddenly overflowing fan base. In any case, don’t panic if you don’t easily land one. This is an “RSD First” release, not an “RSD Exclusive,” so it probably will get a separate edition in a few months with a different color, just as “Cape Elizabeth” just did.

The Weeknd: “Live At SoFi Stadium” (3 LPs, 7500 copies)

	The first live album ever from the Super Bowl headliner of a couple years back was recorded as the Canadian superstar closed out his stadium tour at L.A.’s SoFi Stadium around Thanksgiving time in 2022. Spread across three LPs, the set runs to 26 tracks. (If that sounds like more side-flipping than you asked for, the album will likely come out later in other formats, as it’s marked as an “RSD First” release, not an “RSD Exclusive.”)

Pearl Jam: “Dark Matter” (LP, yellow-and-black vinyl, 15,000 copies)

	Pearl Jam rarely if ever sits out one of Record Store Day’s semiannual events, and the band certainly won’t be with a brand-new studio album in the docket. In fact, chances are good that the group timed the April 19 release of “Dark Matters” so that it would coincide with RSD weekend. Anyone who can hold out an extra day for a more exclusive color edition will benefit from a lovely slab of yellow-and-black, no doubt the band’s subtle salute to Stryper.

Laufey: “A Night at the Symphony” (2 LPs, 4200 copies)

	The Icelandic-American traditional pop singer couldn’t be hotter, but there was a literally cool setting back home for this live album, which was recorded in Reykjavík with the Iceland Symphony Orchestra. It came out digitally after her 2022 debut album but before the hit 2023 followup, and this is its first physical release; her insanely devoted fans will want to have it whether they own a turntable or not, so this one won’t stay in stores for long. Aside from original selections from Laufey’s first album and EP, this set is notable for having among its 14 tracks a few classics she’s only performed live, like Cole Porter’s “Everytime We Say Goodbye.” (This too is an “RSD First,” so an alternate vinyl or CD edition down the road is likely, for those who miss out here.)

The 1975: “The 1975 Live at Gorilla” (2 LPs, white vinyl, 7500 copies)

	The 1975 put out a live album last year for RSD that went so quickly, it was the only title I failed to spot in the wild upon multiple first-day visits to stores. This followup has a higher pressing number, so the odds of a commercial sighting this time may be slightly improved. This live recreation of the band’s debut album was recorded on Feb. 1 of last year to celebrate that album’s 10th anniversary, and then it was packaged with the original release as a double-CD later in 2023 as a direct-to-consumer exclusive on the 1975’s website. This marks the show’s first appearance on LP as well as the first chance to pick it up at retail at all.

Ateez: “THE WORLD EP.FIN : WILL (X Ver.)” (2 discs, 12″/7″ combo, clear vinyl or black ice vinyl, 15,000 copies)

	For the 2024 festivities, Ateez has been named Record Store Day’s first K-pop artist of the year, and the group is celebrating with an edition of its latest album with different artwork in two randomly distributed color vinul variants, along with a bonus 7-inch single containing two previously unreleased songs. If there’s anything that’s likely to get a different demographic in line for RSD, the way that Swift and Rodrigo exclusives did in the past couple of years, it could be this title.

More contemporary titles to look out for:

Gorillaz : “Cracker Island (Deluxe Vinyl Edition)” (2 LPs, pink and magenta vinyl, 8500 copies)

Fleet Foxes: “Live on Boston Harbor” (3 LPs, black vinyl, 4000 copies)

U2: “Atomic City (U2/UV Live At Sphere, Las Vegas)” (10” single, red vinyl, 3000 copies)

Wilco: “The Whole Love Expanded” (3 LPs in boxed set, 4500 copies)

Death Cab for Cutie: “Live at the Showbox” (2 LPs, pink marble vinyl, 2500 copies)

Summer Walker: “Over It (Complete Set)” (2 LPs, 2500 copies)

Maisie Peters: “The Good Witch – Deluxe” (EP, clear vinyl, 2500 copies)

Holly Humberson featuring Muna: “Into Your Room” (7” single, black vinyl, 1750 copies)

Sabrina Carpenter: “Feather” (7” single, pink vinyl, 2000 copies)

Remi Wolf: “Live at Electric Lady” (EP, orange vinyl, 1500 copies)

David Bowie: “Waiting in the Sky (Before the Starman Came to Earth)” (LP, black vinyl, 8000 copies)

	Here’s a space oddity: An alternate version of the “Ziggy Stardust” album that has a significantly different track listing, put together provisonally in late 1971 before the record took a different turn with some additions and subtractions in 1972. Missing are the not-yet-recorded “Starman,” “Suffragette City” and “Rock ‘n’ Roll Suicide”; in their place are four songs that eventually came out under other circumstances, including “Velvet Goldmine” and covers of Chuck Berry and Jacques Brel songs. Will this seem as transformative as the “Young Americans” alternate version that came out in a boxed set, or just a trifle for Bowie completists?

Talking Heads: “Live at WCOZ 77” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 8000 copies)

	There may be no better way to celebrate the T-Heads resurgence spearheaded by the recent re-release of their concert film with with this 1977 live show for a Massachusetts radio station, originally excerpted on the “The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads” concert compilation but never released in full until now. Pressed in 45 rpm, presumably for the fidelity, the set spreads 14 tracks across two LPs. Your bass speakers will no doubt thank you.

Various Artists: “The Power of the Heart: A Tribute to Lou Reed” (LP, silver vinyl, 3000 copies)

	We put this in the classic rock category, but note that it’s all new recordings – 11 freshly recorded covers of Reed classics. It was produced and has liner notes from the well-known writer Bill Bentley, who has previously done similar duties for Roky Erickson salutes. With Keith Richards, Lucinda Williams, Joan Jett, Rufus Wainwright, Rickie Lee Jones and others, this seems a walk on the must-buy side.

Neil Young with Crazy Horse: “Fuckin’ Up” (2 LPs, clear vinyl, 5000 copies)

	Pearl Jam timed their new album to come out in stores one day before a special RSD edition, but Young went them one better, timing his new album to come out the Friday after Record Store Day, giving fans who venture to indie stores for the occasion a six-day head start on owning it. Although it’s being characterized as “re-recordings” of old songs tracked in late 2023, it appears to be a live album recorded at a private party in Toronto in November, where Young and his band did the “Ragged Glory” album almost in its entirety.

Roger McGuinn, Chris Hillman & Marty Stuart: “Sweetheart of the Rodeo 50th Anniversary – Live” (2 LPs, gold vinyl, 2500 copies)

	Anyone who saw the unofficial Byrds reunion tour in 2019 hasn’t soon forgotten it, and will have even less reason to after this surprise commemoration in vinyl form. McGuinn and Hillman, minus David Crosby and obviously Gram Parsons, teamed up again for a full-album reading of the essential 1968 “Sweetheart” country-rock album, plus bonus classics. Ex-L.A. Times scribe Randy Lewis worked on the liner notes. It’s marked as an “RSD First,” meaning this probably won’t be the only edition to ever come out, but some of us won’t be taking any chances on getting a later shot at it.

Sparks/Noël: “No. 1 Song in Heaven (Sparks)/Is There More to Life Than Dancing? (Noël)” (2 LPs, 1500 copies)

	One of the Maels’ most legendary efforts — the discofied Giorgio Moroder production that made Sparks bigger stars in Europe in the late ‘70s — is paired in a vinyl two-fer with a little-known album I a similar vein that Ron and Russell produced for another artist, the female singer Noël. (That singer was so obscure that there was a rumor Noël’s voice was really Russell’s played at a different pitch speed, although she did make a subsequent album without them, so if it was a prank, it was one that got played out quite elaborately.) Quite a few number-one-songs-in-heaven will be getting their due with this wholly unexpected package.

The Beatles: The Beatles Limited Edition RSD3 Turntable (turntable and 3” single bundle)

The Beatles: “Til There Was You” (3” single, 1500 copies)

The Beatles: “She Loves You” (3” single, 1500 copies)

The Beatles: “I Want To Hold Your Hand” (3” single, 1500 copies)

The Beatles” “I Saw Her Standing There” (3” single, 1500 copies)

	These can’t be properly called vinyl releases, because 3-inch singles are pressed on something a little more primitive than that. Will you ever pull out your mini-mini-turntable to play these Beatles songs through your Bluetooth speakers in something less than the highest fidelity? Of course you will — when you have friends over, and you want to impress them with what a completist you are, although single Beatles geeks should probably be reminded that this is the kind of devotion that could send first dates fleeing. The four songs included on these tiny discs are all numbers the Fab Four performed on the Ed Sullivan show in ’64.

John Lennon: “Mind Games EP” (EP, black vinyl or glow-in-the-dark vinyl)

	Lennon’s 1973 “Mind Games” album is due to get a boxed set this year (for its 51st anniversary?) with an “ultimate mix,” similar to what was already done to sonically enhance the “Imagine” album. This EP will offer a four-track teaser of that work — the most intriguing inclusion being a non-album track, “I’m the Greatest,” that Lennon wrote and demo-ed for a Ringo Starr album around that time. It’ll be interesting to see if this remix ups the Ringo and George Harrison parts to the point that it feels like a real Ultimate Group effort.

George Harrison: “Electronic Sound (Zoetrope Picture Disc)” (LP, picture disc, 3400 copies)

George Harrison: “Wonderwall Music (Zoetrope Picture Disc)” (LP, picture disc, 3400 copies)

	The administrators of Harrison’s one-time label, Dark Horse, is working with Record Store Day on a multi-year plan to put the ex-Beatle’s entire solo catalog out on picture disc, starting with these two strictly experimental, synth-driven and/or Indian-music-based titles he put out while he was still in the band. If they’re going chronologically, we’ll get a three-LP picture-disc set of “All Things Must Pass” next, but hardcore Beatlemaniacs may be just as excited about having fresh editions of these oddball outliers.

Ringo Starr: “Crooked Boy” (EP, marble vinyl, 2000 copies)

	Paul McCartney has also been oft-represented in RSD rollouts lately, with half-speed releases, but not this time. It’s up to Starr to pick up the slack and make sure at least three out of four Beatles are represented this time around. “Crooked Boy” is the latest in a series of EP Ringo has been putting out, with the main wrinkle in this one being that Linda Perry wrote all four songs, and the featured guitarist is the Strokes’ Nick Valensi. The quantity is slim, but undoubtedly this will also appear in at least a digital format, if nothing else.

A sampling of other classic-rock titles to look out for:

The Doors “Live at Konserthuset, Stockholm, September 20, 1968” (3 LPs, 6000 copies; or 2 CDs, 8000 copies)

Elton John: “Caribou (50th Anniversary Edition)” (2 LPs, blue vinyl, 3000 copies)

Ramones: “The 1975 Sire Demos” (LP, black vinyl, 6000 copies)

The Replacements: “Not Ready for Prime Time: Live At The Cabaret Metro, Chicago, IL, January 11, 1986” (2 LPs, 6000 copies)

Lowell George: “Thanks, I’ll Eat It Here (Deluxe Edition)” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 3500 copies)

Grateful Dead: “Nightfall of Diamonds” (4 LPs, black vinyl, 6300 copies)

Jerry Garcia Band: “Electric On The Eel: June 10th, 1989” (4 LPs, green vinyl, 3000 copies)

America: “Live From The Hollywood Bowl 1975” (2 LPs, milky clear vinyl, 3000 copies)

Lenny Kaye & Friends: “Live At The Cat’s Cradle A 50th Anniversary Celebration of Nuggets” (LP, 900 copies)

The Who: “The Story of the Who” (2 LPs, pink and green vinyl, 4500 copies)

Yes: “Yale Bowl ’71” (LP, black vinyl, 4500 copies)

The Dream Syndicate: “Sketches for The Days of Wine and Roses” (LP, black vinyl, 800 copies)

The Roches: “The Roches (45th Anniversary)” (LP, ruby red vinyl, 1000 copies)

Thin Lizzy: “Live at Hammersmith 16/11/1976” (LP, black vinyl, 4500 copies)

The Rolling Stones: “The Rolling Stones (UK)” (LP, blue/black swirled vinyl, 6000 copies)

The Rolling Stones: “Live at Racket, NYC” (LP, white vinyl, 7000 copies)

Tom Verlaine: “Souvenir From a Dream: The Tom Verlaine Albums (1979-1984)” (4 LPs in boxed set, clear vinyl, 2300 copies)

Frankie Valli & the Four Seasons: “The Genuine Imitation Life Gazette” (LP, black vinyl, 2000 copies)

De La Soul: “Live at Tramps, NYC, 1996” (LP and CD editions; quantity unknown)

	Live hip-hop albums are still a rarity, and maybe you’ve been so fascinated with the ongoing issues of the samples being cleared for long-awaited De La Soul studio-album reissues that you weren’t thinking too much about whether the group could bring it live. They could, and this trip back to a peak hip-hop era of the 20th century includes guests like a then-unknown Mos Def, the Jungle Brothers and Common. (Note: it’s an “RSD First,” so there will be other editions.)

Metro Boomin: “Metro Boomin Presents Spider-Man: Across The Spider-Verse Soundtrack – From and Inspired by the Motion Picture” (3” turntable with three 3” records; 250 copies)

	Well, 250 copies is almost the lowest quantity listen for any of the hundreds of titles this year. (There are a couple of jazz titles with just 100 copies each, if you’re wondering how low RSD can go.) As with the Beatles’ 3-inch special, listed above, this is a bundle packaging three numbers from Metro Boomin’s soundtrack to last year’s animated “Spider-Man” with a specially designed mini-turntable to play the discs. You might have to use your Spidey sense to find it in stock anywhere.

Fetty Wap: “Fetty Wap” (2 LPs, opaque violet vinyl, 4500 copies)

	His debut album, which introduced him with the massive “Trap Queen,” has been out of print in vinyl since it came out eight years ago. It’s back in beautiful purple, with the addition of three bonus tracks that haven’t been on an LP before.

Nas: “Illmatic: Remixes & Rarities” (LP, black vinyl, 2500 copies)

	Nas has become a Sony focus for RSD of late, with “I Am… Autobiography” having been a rarities-filled item released for Record Store Day Black Friday. The followup is a 30th anniversary of Nas’ Illmatic, the Remixes and Rarities LP, a limited edition collector’s item that pays homage to one of the greatest Hip-Hop albums of all time, is available for Record Store Day 2024. Unearthed from the archives, this release features carefully selected remixes and rare tracks that add a new dimension to the iconic Illmatic experience. Immerse yourself in the evolution of Nas’ artistry with this exclusive release, housed in a specially designed package that captures the essence of the album’s enduring legacy. Commemorate three decades of Hip-Hop excellence with this must-have addition to your vinyl collection.

Other hip-hop titles being released include:

Public Enemy: “Revolverlution Tour 2003” (3 LPs, 2500 copies; or 2 CDs, 1000 copies)

Foxy Brown: “Ill Na Na” (2 LPs, sea blue and white marble vinyl, 3000 copies)

Freddie Gibbs & Madlib: “Pinata – 10 Year Anniversary Edition” (LP, 3500 copies)

Wiz Khalifa: “Loud Pack” (5-disc 7” singles box, multiple vinyl colors, 1500 copies)

Lil Uzi Vert: “Luv Is Rage” (LP, 4500 copies)

Lil Wayne: “Sorry 4 the Wait” (2 LPs, 3000 copies)

2 Chainz/Lil Wayne: “Welcome 2 Collegrove” ()

Boogie Down Productions: “Edutainment” (2 LPs, black and yellow, 2500 copies)

Moneybagg Yo: “A Gangsta’s Pain” (2 LPs, ruby vinyl, 1850 copies)

Queen Latifah: “Nature of a Sistah” (LP, quantity unknown)

Schoolly D: “Saturday Night: The Album” (LP, lemon pepper vinyl, 1000 copies)

Lainey Wilson: “Ain’t that some shit, I found a few hits, cause country’s cool again” (2 7” singles in gatefold, 850 copies)

	With Wilson being pretty much the best-liked artist in country right now (or at least in a tie for that with her labelmate Jelly Roll), there’ll be a lot of interest in a collectors’ item pressed in a quantity of less than a thousand copies. Gatefold double-singles aren’t that common an item, either, even at RSD. This one packages her brand new song, “Country’s Cool Again,” with three previous winners that deserved their hit status (“Things a Man Oughta Know,” “Heart Like A Truck,” “Watermelon Moonshine”).

Eric Church: “Caldwell County EP” (7” EP, black vinyl, 9000 copies)

	A four-song EP that was digitally released in 2011 but never came out in any physical format until now. The high pressing number indicates a presumed pent-up demand among regular Church-goers to have this collection finally in the flesh.

Willie Nelson & Various Artists: “Long Story Short: Willie Nelson 90 — Live At The Hollywood Bowl Volume II” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 4500 copies)

	In December, the Nelson 90th birthday tribute concerts that took place at the Bowl last April were commemorated in CD, Blu-Ray and vinyl form, but the two-LP set at the time only had room for a portion of the material found on the digital sets. This second volume rectifies that with additional covers from more than 20 artists, including Billy Strings, Keith Richards, Snoop Dogg, George Strait, the Avett Brothers and more.

Willie Nelson: “Phases and Stages” (2 LPs, 4500 copies)

	And you say to yourself, what a Willie-ful world, with still more Nelson in the smoky pipeline, this one being a deluxe version of his first true (and some still say best) concept album. The second disc adds alternate takes culled from a previously released Atlantic years boxed set.

Dwight Yoakam: “The Beginning and Then Some: The Albums of the ’80s”(4 CDs, 5000 copies; 4 LPs, 3500 copies)

Linda Ronstadt: “The Asylum Albums (1973-1977)” (4 LPs, 3500 copies)

	Warner has been great about putting out multi-album, slipcover sets for some of its classic artists for RSD over recent years, from Randy Newman to Devo. This time around, buyers of a country-rock persuasion will have a hard time knowing what to lay their money down on first: sets from Yoakam or from, in her earliest, country-est days, Ronstadt. Each includes four LPs, but in Dwight’s case, the fourth disc is a rarities LP made up primarily of 1981 demos. His boxed set also has a CD version that will go on sale for RSD, which the Ronstadt title does not. As her song says, “I Never Will Marry” — a rallying cry for every bachelor who blew all his money on Record Store Day.

	Also look out for other country or roots titles like:

Lola Kirke: “Country Curious” (LP, fruit punch vinyl, 1200 copies)

Gene Clark: “The Lost Studio Sessions: 1964-1982”

John Hartford: “Morning Bugle (Remixed, Remastered, Expanded)” (1300 copies)

Hunter Hayes: “Space Tapes” (mini-LP, gold vinyl, 1000 copies)

Sister Rosetta Tharpe: “Live in France: The 1966 Concert in Limoges” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 1800 copies)

Sonny Rollins: “Freedom Weaver: The 1959 European Tour Recordings” (4 LPs, 2500 copies)

Art Tatum: “Jewels in the Treasure Box: The 1953 Chicago Blue Note Jazz Club Recordings (Deluxe Edition)” (3 LPs, black vinyl, 2000 copies)

Sun Ra: “Sun Ra at the Showcase: Live in Chicago 1976-1977” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 3000 copies)

Chet Baker/Jack Sheldon: “In Perfect Harmony: The Lost Album” (LP, black vinyl, 1500 copies)

Yusef Lateef: “Atlantis Lullaby: The Concert in Avignon” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 1500 copies)

Shelly Manne: “Jazz From the Pacific Northwest” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 1500 copies)

Cannonball Adderley: “Burnin’ In Bordeaux: Live in France 1969” (2 LPs, black vinyl, quantity unknown)

Cannonball Adderley: “Poppin’ In Paris: Live At L’Olympia 1972” (2 LPs, black vinyl, quantity unknown)

	The most prolific enabler of Record Store Day isn’t a single record label — it’s archivist/producer Zev Feldman, whose (mostly) jazz titles are a cornerstone of both RSD events every year. It’s only going slightly too far to categorize them as a subcategory unto themselves in this run-down. Feldman’s releases encompass things he’s putting out on his own Jazz Detective imprint as well as the many albums he produces for Resonance, Elemental and other labels, all of them consisting of previously unreleased material — often from taped live radio shows, but in the case of the Chet Baker project, sometimes studio material found in the vault as well. Jazz hounds will be beside themselves, as ever, looking at some of the unvaulted stuff to come, but there’s a non-jazz title of special intrigue as well in this list — a live album from gospel-singing rock ‘n’ roll pioneer Sister Rosetta Tharpe, as nearly made into a 21st-century household name by the “Elvis” movie. Expect a veritable book of revelations.

Nat King Cole: “Live at the Blue Note Chicago” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 4000 copies; or 2 CDs, 2000 copies)

	It should be noted that the aforementioned Zev Feldman does not have the RSD jazz category all to himself. (Although he did previously produced a Cole boxed set, too.) This double-album of previously unreleased material captures Cole’s legendary jazz trio in a 1953 Blue Note Chicago residency, nicely packaged with a double-gatefold tip-on jacket and liner notes by the estimable Will Friedwald.

Charles Mingus: “Reincarnations” (LP, black vinyl, 3400 copies)

	As a sequel to “Incarnations,” which came out for RSD Black Friday, a sequel has been assembled, with rarities from his catalog brought together and turned into a kind of companion volume.

Also look for these, among other jazz titles:

Bill Evans: “Everybody Digs Bill Evans” (LP, black vinyl, 4500 copies)

Sun Ra: “Pink Elephants on Parade” (LP, pink vinyl, 1800 copies)

Freddie Gibbs & Madlib: “Pinata – 10 Year Anniversary Edition” (LP, white marbled vinyl, 500 copies)

Kenny Garrett & SVOY: “Who Killed Al” (LP, black vinyl, 1500 copies)

Monty Alexander: “Montreux Alexander: The Monty Alexander Trio Live! At The Montreux Festival” (LP, mint green vinyl, 1000 copies)

Christian McBride/Edgar Meyer: “But Who’s Gonna Play The Melody?” (2 LPs, black vinyl, 1500 copies)

Charlie Parker: “Norman Granz’ Jazz at the Philharmonic” (LP, black vinyl, 3500 copies)

Wojtek Mazolewski Quintet: “Spirit To All (Special Edition)” (LP, black vinyl, 100 copies)

Wojtek Mazolewski Quintet: “Live Spirit” (LP, black vinyl, 100 copies)

Richard O’Brien: “The Rocky Horror Show — Original Demo Tapes” (LP, 1500 copies)

	There is an-ti-ci-pation for the release of composer-actor O’Brien’s demo tapes, as presented to London’s Royal Court Theatre when he was looking to book the first, tiny production of “Rocky.” He had quite a rock ‘n’ roll voice, as we know from his contributions to “Time Warp” and other fully produced numbers from the cast and movie albums, so it’ll be intriguing to hear him take on all the roles.

Also look for film and TV-related titles including:

Various Artists: “Lost In Translation (Music From The Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition]” (2 LPs, 5000 copies)

Elmer Bernstein: “Airplane! The Soundtrack (Score)” (LP, white or red vinyl, 1100 copies)

Doctor Who: “Doctor Who: The Edge of Destruction” (LP, picture disc, 1500 copies)

Vince Guaraldi: “It Was a Short Summer, Charlie Brown – Original Soundtrack Recording” (LP, 1200 copies)

Ennio Morricone: “Orca (Music From The Motion Picture)” (LP, (1700 copies)

Ennio Morricone: “Storie di Vita e Malavita (Colonna Sonora Originale Del Film)” (LP, 1000 copies)

	Picture discs, a genre? For a certain type of collector, maybe. Audiophiles claim to hate ‘em, rank-and-file vinyl buyers love ‘em. (Among fans of the Cure, there is a vigorous annual debate over that band’s ongoing RSD vinyl reissue campaign being restricted to picture discs, with some avoiding them because of a supposed lower fidelity than “pure” vinyl — while others insist that these Cure releases and others sound just as good as anything pressed in black or full color.)

	Then there is the subgenre of shaped picture discs, like the 100 Gecs release (shown above) that has weed leaves extending from the outer edges of the disc, or the “Wicked” single that’s cut around the contours of a Broadway witch.

	A few of this year’s titles where even it’s the disc, not the sleeve, suitable for framing:

Fleetwood Mac: “Rumours” (7500 copies)

100 Gecs: “Snake Eyes” (shaped 10″ EP picture disc, 3500 copies) 

Lily Allen: “It’s Not Me, It’s You” (1000 copies)

Blur: “Parklife” (2000 copies)

The Cure: “The Top” (10,000 copies)

Dio: “The Last in Line (4500 copies)

Emerson, Lake & Palmer: “Pictures At An Exhibition” (1300 copies)

George Harrison: “Electronic Sound (Zoetrope Picture Disc)” (3400 copies)

George Harrison: “Wonderwall Music (Zoetrope Picture Disc)” (3400 copies)

Jenny Lewis: “Puppy and a Truck” (12” single, 2000 copies)

T. Rex: “ Zinc Alloy” (2500 copies)

Original Broadway Cast: “WIcked — Defying Gravity” (12″ single shaped picture disc, 5000 copies)
The Business of Entertainment