ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JULY 09: Billie Eilish attends the World Premiere of "Barbie" at Shrine ... More Auditorium and Expo Hall on July 09, 2023 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
Billie Eilish has been one of the most popular artists on streaming music platforms for several years now. She broke out as a teenager, and so far, she has yet to slip from her ranking as one of the most beloved musicians in the world. Her latest album has helped bring her to even greater heights, and now she’s made history thanks to the incredible welcome the title has received.
Spotify has confirmed to Billboard that Eilish is just the third artist to rack up at least 100 million monthly listeners on the platform. She’s in rarefied air sitting so high on the site, and she’s in amazing company.
Eilish joins both The Weeknd and Taylor Swift as the only musicians to see at least 100 million different people all around the world listen to their music. The threshold to become a listener of an artist is low, as it only requires that a subscriber play one track from that musician...but to hit 100 million in a one-month period is incredible.
The Weeknd still holds the all-time record for the monthly listeners of all time. He currently sits just below 107 million individual players. At the moment, Swift claims a little less than 102 million. She reached the 100 million threshold for the first time just under a year ago.
Eilish is the youngest musician to reach this notable milestone. She’s just 22, and has also managed the feat with the lowest number of tracks among her contemporaries.
According to Billboard, Eilish has only uploaded 82 songs to Spotify. Both The Weeknd and Swift have more than twice as many tunes available to play. That number is much, much higher when including features, which helps the former artist’s total climb.
Eilish released her third full-length Hit Me Hard and Soft last month to critical acclaim and massive commercial success. The 10-track project has been a major win on platforms like Spotify since its arrival, and it has led her to this new career peak.