By JOWENA RILEY 
 Published:  10:55, 23 June 2024   |  Updated:  11:10, 23 June 2024   
 338
View  comments
In the world of modern dating, where endless swiping on apps often leads to frustration, people are turning to unconventional methods to find true love. 
One such person is Vera Dijkmans, who took a unique approach by having potential suitors complete a 15-question quiz to see if they met her high standards. 
The influencer, from the Netherlands, received an overwhelming 5,000 applications from hopeful men eager to win her heart.
However, the model - who boasts a 5.5 million following on her Instagram account @veradijkmans - has revealed she remains single after rejecting all of the men - despite going on dates with the top three candidates selected through the quiz.
Vera Dijkmans, from the Netherlands, received an overwhelming 5,000 applications from hopeful men eager to win her heart after she posted a 'boyfriend' quiz online 
Speaking to Ladbible, Dijkmans said: 'I went on a date with them - but I’m currently still single. Despite this disappointing result, I still consider the experiment a success since I was able to be upfront about what I want and see which men fit that criteria.'
The content creator had to sift through numerous unusual applications, revealing how one candidate offered to send a sample of his blood and asked for hers in return - which was, of course, ignored. 
Dijkmans also mentioned how an undisclosed famous person had slid into her DMs.
Interestingly, she found a large percentage of applicants to have hailed from Texas and had the star sign Aquarius.
Each of the 15 quiz questions were designed to reveal applicants' lifestyles, values and level of commitment. 
They included whether the applicant still lived with their parents, had any 'crazy' ex-girlfriends, held a full-time job, or currently had a 'booty call.' Dijkmans also probed their morals and loyalty by asking: 'Is it acceptable to hit on my friends?'
A variation of responses soon poured in, with one applicant admitting he lived with his parents and didn't own a car, but boasted of having two boats.
Another declared he would never hit on her friends, a baseline expectation, while a third mentioned having a full-time career but wouldn't give her a bigger wardrobe. 
Despite rejecting thousands of men and picking three - with the model describing each as 'suitable' but was unable to connect with them - Dijkmans isn't disillusioned with dating. 
The model - who boasts a 5.5 million following on her Instagram account @veradijkmans - remains single after going on dates with the top three candidates selected through the quiz
The content creator had to sift through numerous unusual applications, revealing how one candidate offered to send a sample of his blood and asked for hers in return
Despite rejecting thousands of men and picking three - with the model describing each as 'suitable' but was unable to connect with them - Dijkmans isn't disillusioned with dating
She said, 'At the moment, I've put the boyfriend search on hold but I’m keeping my options open,' she said, adding that she wouldn't repeat the quiz on social media. 
'I'm just very picky and I need a guy to be almost perfect. I don’t think I should have to compromise on my needs - I'd rather be single until I find the man I'm meant to be with.'
It comes after a single woman has shared the reasons why she has turned to business networking site LinkedIn to find her soulmate over dating apps such as Bumble and Tinder. 
Candice, who lives in Singapore, is challenging herself to hit one dating app every week for 10 weeks on her quest to find an 'A-grade' partner and is documenting her journey online.
The 37-year-old has already tried Bumble, Hinge and Tinder to no avail so is now turning her attention to LinkedIn as she can filter by education level, profession and country.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group