ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - DECEMBER 12: The Weeknd attends 20th Century Studio's "Avatar 2: The Way of ... More Water" U.S. Premiere at Dolby Theatre on December 12, 2022 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
Just a few days ago, Miley Cyrus’ “Flowers” was named the biggest song in the world in 2023. The track was far and away the most-consumed tune on the planet, but it was the only one from that star to appear on the annual list. The Weeknd might not have ended up at No. 1, but he still managed to dominate the world with multiple smashes throughout 2023.
According to the IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic Industry), The Weeknd claimed four of the 20 biggest hits in the world last year. That gives the Canadian R&B and pop superstar control over 20% of the incredibly competitive ranking.
The Weeknd only managed one top 10 hit on this global chart. He and Ariana Grande teamed up again to remix his older cut “Die For You,” breathing new life into the track, which was already gaining ground on TikTok. That collaboration lands at No. 4 on the annual tally.
His three other smashes all appear in the lower half of the 20-space ranking. He and Metro Boomin and 21 Savage place their hip-hop collaboration “Creepin’” at No. 12. The Weeknd earns back-to-back hits, as his own “Save Your Tears” lands at No. 13.
He also closes out the roster with “Starboy” at No. 20, which is something of a surprise. That track was initially released back in 2016. At the time, it was a major hit, and somehow, it has managed to hold on and remain incredibly popular with a global audience, even more than half a decade later.
The Weeknd claims the most spaces on the IFPI’s ranking of the most-consumed songs in the world in 2023. Only two other acts manage to fill more than one rung, and both of them claim just a pair, so he scores as many wins as the two of them combined. Both Taylor Swift and SZA snag a couple of smashes, with Swift placing both of hers inside the top 10.