ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
UNSPECIFIED - CIRCA 1970:  Photo of Isaac Hayes  Photo by Michael Ochs Archives/Getty Images
Isaac Hayes is remembered as one of the most prolific and important musicians in the history of soul. He helped bring a new style to Americans starting in the late ‘60s, and for many years afterward, he continued to thrill and delight and change the sound of popular music. More than 15 years after his death, the singer-songwriter is improving his legacy, as people are still listening to his music.
The legendary musician reaches a Billboard chart for the first time in his career this week. He does so posthumously, as he passed away in 2008. That fact hasn’t stopped the American public from enjoying his work, and even from sending one of his hits to a tally that didn’t even exist during his lifetime.
Hayes’ “Walk on By” debuts on this week’s edition of the R&B Digital Song Sales chart. The tally ranks the bestselling tunes in the U.S. that Billboard classifies specifically as R&B. This frame, the cut opens at No. 10, in last place.
“Walk on By” was recently featured in a new Netflix
NFLX
 film titled Mea Culpa. The movie stars Kelly Rowland and was written and directed by Tyler Perry. It was a quick success on the platform, reaching the top 10 on the ranking of the most-watched movies. All those eyeballs seem to have helped Hayes score his first win on one ranking.
While it may be new to the R&B Digital Song Sales chart, “Walk on By” has already enjoyed a healthy history on the Billboard rankings. The tune peaked at No. 30 on the Hot 100 and No. 13 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs tally.
“Walk on By” is a cover of a Burt Bacharach-penned tune that has been recorded by many major musicians. The track was first made famous by Dionne Warwick, who sent the easygoing smash into the top 10 on the Hot 100 in 1964. Since then, it has been reworked by the likes of Gloria Gaynor, Cyndi Lauper, and many others. Doja Cat sampled Warwick’s take in her 2023 single “Paint the Town Red,” which rose to No. 1 on the chart.
Hayes is one of only two artists who debut on the R&B Digital Song Sales chart this week. SZA launches her new single “Saturn” at No. 2 on the ranking. Two other musicians, Bobby Caldwell and Solomon Burke, see older cuts return to the list as well.