ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LE BOURGET, FRANCE - DECEMBER 12: Jennie Kim from Blackpink wears a white oversize jacket, a ... More necklace, a white ruffled and gathered mini dress, a white fluffy bag from Jacquemus, white sandals / shoes, outside the "Le Raphia" Jacquemus show on December 12, 2022 in Le Bourget, France. Blackpink singer Jennie launched the next chapter of her solo career with the single "Mantra," which fronts her first album. Fans made the tune an instant No. 1 on iTunes. (Photo by Edward Berthelot/Getty Images)
2024 has been a very quiet period for Blackpink as a group, but when it comes to the members and their individual careers, that’s not exactly true. The second half of this year is turning out to be very busy for the four women who make up the beloved girl group, and as of Friday (October 11), it’s become a little more exciting.
Jennie, one of the four singers who make up Blackpink, has released her latest solo single. Fans of the star wasted no time in making “Mantra” into a smash—at least when it comes to first-day sales.
“Mantra” rules the U.S. iTunes chart, as of the time of writing. Jennie’s new single shot right to No. 1 on the list of the bestselling songs on the important platform in America, beating some major players in the business who also have exciting new releases to share.
At present, the top 10 on the American iTunes ranking includes several brand new tracks, as well as one that’s not really “new,” but which is surging anyway. Jennie beats her competition to the throne, which includes BTS singer Jin, Jerry Cantrell, and Cody Johnson.
“Mantra” serves as the first single from Jennie’s upcoming debut solo album. For the moment, details about that project are sparse, as she’s likely working out a plan for singles, videos, and when the title will arrive.
Jennie has released music on her own before, but she’s never pushed a complete album, as she will sometime soon. In 2018, she shared a single EP called, appropriately, Solo, which was centered around a single of the same name.
Last year was big for Jennie, as she launched her acting career in the Western world as a featured star in The Weeknd’s TV series The Idol. As part of that program, she recorded and released the song “One of the Girls” alongside her collaborators Lily Rose Depp and The Weeknd. That tune was a huge global hit, and it gave Jennie her first Hot 100 hit without her bandmates.
Fellow Blackpink singer Lisa is also busy with her solo career, as she’s shared three singles in the past few months, including “Moonlit Floor,” which dropped a week ago. While Jisoo has thus far been fairly quiet, final Blackpink star Rosé recently announced her first complete collection on her own, Rosie. No music has emerged from that project so far, but the project is expected in December, so a single is likely on the way.