The singer shared the announcement alongside a teaser of a new song 
The Weeknd has announced he will be livestreaming his “one-night-only” show in Brazil. Check out more details below.
The one-off gig is set to take place at the Estádio MorumBIS venue in São Paulo on Friday, September 7. It follows on from the singer – real name Abel Tesfaye – embarking on his ‘After Hours Til Dawn Tour’ over the past two years.
Now, he’s shared that he’ll be livestreaming the show exclusively on his YouTube channel for fans unable to make it.
“I’m so excited to announce that we’ll be live streaming my show from São Paulo, Brazil, so everyone around the world can be a part of this special night,” the singer said in a press release. “I wish I could come to every city and town on earth, but moments like this give us the chance to connect in real time at least and share that energy together, no matter where you are.”
The live stream will begin here on September 7 at 5pm PT (1am BST). Tickets to the live show are on sale now, and you can get yours here.
Tesfaye announced the news on his Instagram, alongside a teaser directed by YZA Voku and a snippet of a new song.
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
Unlike his record-breaking tour, which saw him perform across North America, Europe, the UK and Latin America and draw over 3million visitors, the forthcoming show in Brazil will see a new performance put forward. This is expected to include a mixed-up setlist to previous shows and “never-before-seen production”.
It will also see Tesfaye join forces with the UN World Food Programme, and donate $1 (77p) from every ticket sold to the XO Humanitarian Fund in a bid to end the global hunger crisis.
The Instagram teaser is one of a handful of teasers The Weeknd has shared in relation to an upcoming third chapter to his ongoing ‘After Hours’ and ‘Dawn FM’ trilogy. Last month he shared a snippet of what appears to be a new song on social media, accompanied by a cinematic teaser and a mysterious caption quoting German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche: “When you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you…”
The Weeknd (Photo by Samir Hussein/Getty Images for ABA)
Then, on August 6, he shared another taste of new music, with a dark teaser video that includes two new songs. In line with the horror theme, the second track seems to hint at an ominous force, as he sings “You can change locations, you can change your name / They will always find a way”.
The final addition to the trilogy will mark the first album from The Weeknd since 2022’s ‘Dawn FM’. In a four-star review, NME wrote: “‘Dawn FM’ feels like the first steps on a journey for The Weeknd to find peace with himself; perhaps next time we hear from him, he’ll be fully embracing the light of day.”
In other news, it was reported earlier this year that The Weeknd’s huge hit single ‘Blinding Lights’ had become the first song in history to reach 4billion streams on Spotify. Named Spotify’s most-streamed song of all time, the track featured on his ‘After Hours’ album, which was released at the end of 2019.
The singer has also recently announced he will be returning to Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood with a new haunted house.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.