The shooting took place early Monday morning (April 29) in a Los Angeles suburb.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Things got very critical for The Weeknd and his camp, specifically his manager Amir “Cash” Esmailian, this week. His security guard suffered multiple gunshot wounds in an attempted home invasion.

TMZ reports, via local law enforcement, that the shooting occurred on Monday morning (April 29) outside of a residence within the Amestoy Estates area of Encino, which is a Los Angeles suburb. According to the police, three hooded men wearing masks entered the luxurious home and, upon engaging with the security guard, opened fire. 

	The security guard was rushed to the hospital and is reportedly in critical condition. Per the sources, Cash did not suffer any injuries and the suspects were gone by the time the police arrived, so it is unclear whether they sustained any injuries. 

	










	Internet users quickly assumed that the shooting had something to do with both The Weeknd and Amir “Cash” Esmailian being dissed by Drake on his recent song “Push Ups.” Fan fiction is common within Hip-Hop, especially with the current “civil war” going on, but as of now, no suspects have been identified. Thus, authorities are unable to make any connection to the Toronto superstar or anyone else who may be involved. In short, the focus should be more on the security guard’s health than any deeper criminal links. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					The Weeknd's 'Hurry Up Tomorrow' Film Trailer Hints At A Mind-Bending Experience		
			







	Cash helped Abel Tesfaye found XO Records in 2011 alongside his other manager, Wassim “Sal” Slaiby. Despite the current tension, the pop star and his managers got a big boost after working with the For All The Dogs artist early on in their careers. The 6 God was featured on “The Zone” from Weeknd’s seminal mixtape, Trilogy, and appeared multiple times on his Take Care album.

	Those early collaborations put The Weeknd on the map and allowed him to pursue a solo career that has yielded much success for himself and his camp. XO Records now boasts signees such as NAV, Belly, and Chxrry22. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.