She follows only The Weeknd and Taylor Swift to reach the milestone.

													By
												

	Anna Chan


Billie Eilish should be happier than ever: She’s become the third artist to surpass 100 million monthly listeners on Spotify, the music streaming platform confirms — and she did it with just 82 songs.

	The two-time Oscar winner follows behind only The Weeknd, who has 107 million monthly listeners, and Taylor Swift, who boasts 102 million; both have more than double the songs on the streamer than Eilish. And at just 22 years old, this makes the “Lunch” singer the youngest yet to have reached the 100 million monthly listeners milestone.

	










	“Spotify has been a part of Billie’s story from the start. Ever since ‘Ocean Eyes,’ she has continuously grown her fan base around the world,” Jeremy Erlich, Spotify’s global head of music, tells Billboard. “What she and [brother-collaborator] Finneas have achieved since 2016 is quite remarkable … and all this by the age of 22.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	The singer-songwriter currently has eight songs in the streamer’s Billions Club: “Lovely” with Khalid (2.8 billion plays to date), “Bad Guy” (2.5 billion), “When the Party’s Over” (1.8 billion), “Everything I Wanted” (1.6 billion), “Ocean Eyes” (1.4 billion), “Happier Than Ever” (1.3 billion), “Idontwannabeyouanymore” (1.09 billion) and “Bury a Friend” (1.01 billion).

	Eilish’s debut single, “Ocean Eyes,” arrived on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2018 and peaked at No. 84 the following year. Since then, she has landed 42 more songs on the all-genre tally, with six of those reaching the top 10, including 2019’s “Bad Guy,” which topped the chart in August that year.

	Her third album, the 10-track Hit Me Hard and Soft, dropped in April and debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200. First album When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go? and sophomore set Happier Than Ever both topped the chart for three weeks.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.