This took place one day after a security guard was shot on the property by unidentified suspects.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Drake‘s homefront has been compromised once again. A person was arrested for attempting to gain access to his Toronto residence.

	Local police were called and arrived at the scene around 2 p.m. on Wednesday (May 8) to arrest the intruder. “The person was apprehended under the Mental Health Act,” Toronto’s CityNews reported via a police spokesperson. 

	This comes just a day after a security guard was shot outside of the For All The Dogs artist’s home. The shooting has been labeled a drive-by, as the suspects sped away in a vehicle before police could arrive on the scene on Tuesday morning (May 8), and thus are currently unidentified.
An intruder has been detained for allegedly attempting to break into Drake's mansion, a day after a security guard was shot outside the same mansion https://t.co/hXMwuwp6zs

	Fans quickly theorized that both incidents have to do with Drake’s intense rap feud with Kendrick Lamar. Notably, one of the Compton, Calif., rapper’s songs “Not Like Us” showed a photo of the “Rich Baby Daddy” rapper’s home in the cover art. Several red dots are scattered throughout the photo, indicating the presence of sex offenders. This is not the first time Drizzy’s home has dealt with intruders, but the timing makes it easy to attempt to connect the dots.

	










	As far as the shooting goes, Toronto Police Duty Inspector Paul Krawczyk said that it was too soon to try and link the unfortunate incident to anything going on with K. Dot, but he is familiar with the rap beef. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Another layer to this situation is the fact that The Weeknd’s manager Cash XO’s security guard was shot last week at the Amastoy Estates in Encino, Calif., a suburb of Los Angeles. Three hooded men invaded the home and opened fire upon making contact with the security guard, who was rushed to the hospital to treat injuries. The Weeknd has been a secondary part of this beef with his appearances on Future and Metro Boomin’s recent albums We Don’t Trust You and We Still Don’t Trust You, both of which hosted subliminal shots at the 6 God and Lamar’s incendiary “Like That” verse. 

	The Weeknd dissed Drake and his OVO crew on “All To Myself,” singing “Ooh, look at how we movin’, baby/ They could never diss my brothers, baby/ When they got leaks in they operation/ I thank God that I never signed my life away/ And we never do the big talk/ They shooters makin’ TikToks/ Got us laughin’ in the Lambo.”

	The latest song released as part of this ongoing feud came on Sunday evening (May 5), the 6 God’s “The Heart Part 6.” He revealed that he intentionally planted fake information about having a secret 11-year-old daughter knowing that Kendrick Lamar would use it to try to take him down and questioned why his fiancée, Whitney Alford, hasn’t denied the allegations of him abusing her.

	










	Fans received a barrage of songs this past weekend, beginning with K. Dot’s “6:16 In LA” on Friday morning (May 3), followed by Drake’s “Family Matters” that evening and Lamar’s quick counter “Meet The Grahams” just over 30 minutes later. The DAMN. artist arguably made the biggest splash with his Saturday evening release (May 4) “Not Like Us,” an upbeat West Coast jam that has taken over the internet, clubs, and streaming services. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.