It's safe to say fans are excited for the third chapter.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	They say good things come in threes, and The Weeknd is putting the finishing touches on his After Hours/Dawn FM trilogy.

	Abel posted the cinematic trailer previewing the intoxicating track on Tuesday (July 23), which is another signal the third chapter is on the way from the Canadian crooner. 

	“When you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you,” he wrote in the caption while quoting German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche.

	The dreamy trailer features a kid looking to outrun a dark world where external forces are attempting to capture him. He makes a great escape for the heavens while The Weeknd’s ominous vocals provide the soundtrack. 

	“I’m falling at the speed of light/ I’m staring at your shrinking face, don’t cry,” Abel croons on the track that appears to be titled “The Abyss.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		





when you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss gazes also into you… pic.twitter.com/1qfmE7UMIG

	It’s been over two years since Dawn FM and fans are chomping at the bit for Abel’s next era of music. “This sounds insane,” one fan wrote while another added: “THE KING IS BACK !!!”

	There are even fans that believe this era could outweigh 2012’s Trilogy compilation album. “Off rip 10x better than the first Trilogy and it’s not even complete yet,” they declared on X. “Forget world building, this is something built beyond our own understanding!”

	2024 is shaping up to be another busy campaign for The Weeknd, who will be returning to South America for a one-night-only show in São Paulo, Brazil on Sept. 7 at Estádio MorumBIS. The Live Nation concert will feature “never-before-seen production,” per a press release.

	He previously performed in São Paulo for a pair of dates as part of his After Hours Til Dawn Tour in October 2023. Abel’s trek ranked eighth on Billboard Boxscore’s top tours of 2023 with a gross of $192.5 million.

Dawn FM arrived in January 2022 and debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 with 148,000 total album-equivalent units sold in the first week. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.