By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  08:48, 7 October 2024   |  Updated:  15:15, 7 October 2024   
 20
View  comments
The Weeknd kicked off the long-awaited Australian leg of his After Hours Til Dawn tour on Saturday night, but some fans were left disappointed by the show.
The Canadian singer-songwriter, 34, took to the stage at 8:45pm in Melbourne at the Marvel Stadium—15minutes later than he was scheduled to begin.
He then abruptly ended his set at about 10:30pm, leaving concertgoers to flock to TikTok and slam the artist for the short length of his $270+ per ticket concert.
either way it was amazing!! #theweeknd #fyp #melbourne #afterhourstildawnstadiumtour #afterhours #australia 
One fan uploaded a video of herself to the social media site as she sat looking perplexed in the stadium seats while attendees filed out of the venue.
'Tell me I'm not the only one who thought it was over way too quickly,' she captioned the short clip. 
Followers flocked to her comments to agree, with one person writing: 'No literally he just like walked off.' 
'It was such an underwhelming end,' another said, while a third commented: 'He came on so late.'
'Yesss!! We waited forever for him to come on then it was over before we knew it,' added another.
The Weeknd, 34, (pictured) kicked off the long-awaited Australian leg of his After Hours Til Dawn tour on Saturday night, but some fans were left disappointed by the length of the show
Someone else said: 'My kids went and they loved it but he started late and finished early for the price.' 
'My blood is still boiling,' one fan fumed. 
'He arrived late, left early, left without an encore, didn't perform Moth to a Flame which is one of his BIGGEST songs. Too anti-climactic.' 
Daily Mail Australia has reached out to The Weeknd for comment. 
It comes after The Weeknd—real name Abel Makkonen Tesfaye—was tackled by a concertgoer while he performed in Melbourne on Saturday night.
The Starboy hitmaker was about an hour into the show, when the stage invader climbed up onto the stage and tried to hug him. 
The Canadian singer-songwriter kicked off his Melbourne concert at the Marvel Stadium at 8:30pm—15minutes later than scheduled—and left at 10:30pm. Concertgoers flocked to TikTok to slam the artist for the short length of his $270+ per ticket concert
'It was such an underwhelming end,' one said, while another commented: 'He came on so late'
Security jumped onto the stage to usher the fan off as The Weeknd backed away and attempted to continue his show. 
The stage invader, who calls himself 'Pyjama Man', was wearing red shorts and a red T-shirt with a print of the Ukrainian flag and the word 'free' on top.
The 'prankster', who also calls himself the 'CEO of trolling', took to Instagram to share the footage, writing: 'It was cool chatting with you while on the stage.'
The Weeknd received backlash earlier this year after he cancelled his tour Down Under last year, only to return with fewer dates.
He initially postponed his tour of Australia in November, just weeks out from the kick off, but eventually cancelled it and refunded the tickets. 
Now, the Grammy Award winner has finally kicked off the Aussie leg of his tour with only four dates—Melbourne on October 5 and 6, and Sydney on October 22 and 23.  
The Grammy Award winner performed in Melbourne over the weekend, and will now go on to perform in Sydney on October 22 and 23

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group