Friday, May 2 – These 9 New Horror Movies Released Today
‘Hot Ted’ – Killer Teen Comedy to Star Ariana Greenblatt, Ella Purnell, and Billy Magnussen
‘Omukade’ Trailer – Thai Monster Movie Unleashes an Insane Giant Centipede Nightmare! [Exclusive]
‘Bring Her Back’ Directors Preview “Harrowing, Traumatic, and Fun” Film in New Featurette
‘Rosario’ Exclusive Clip Finds Terror Under the Bed; Now Playing in Theaters
Netflix Renews Apocalyptic Sci-Fi Series ‘The Eternaut’ for Season 2
‘Revival’ Trailer Brings the Dead Back to Life in SYFY Comic Book Adaptation Series
Check Into Shudder’s ‘Hell Motel’ from the Creators of ‘Slasher’ [Trailer]
Matthew Lillard in Talks to Join Mike Flanagan’s ‘Carrie’ TV Series
True Crime Book ‘American Predator’ TV Series in the Works from ‘Queen of the South’ Showrunner
‘Rosario’ Review – Family Curse Horror Story Gets Caught in Familiar Possession Trappings
‘The Horror at Highrook’ Nails the Cosmic Horror, But Lacks Complexity [Review]
Blendo Games’ Immersive Sim ‘Skin Deep’ Is Hilarious and Exhilarating [Review]
‘Until Dawn’ Review – Kitchen Sink Creature Feature Fails Its Source Material
‘The Legend of Ochi’ Review – They Don’t Make Fantasy Adventures Like This Anymore
Let’s Cast a ‘White Lotus’ Season With Stephen King Characters! [The Losers’ Club Podcast]
Salem Horror Fest 2025 Opening Night Raises Hell with Ashley Laurence [Event Report]
6 Recent Free-to-Play Horror Games That’ll Give You Nightmares!
Sequel ‘Amityville VR’ Expands Upon the World of ‘Amityville AI’ [The Amityville IP]
Recovered Memories: Karloff Film ‘The Walking Dead’ Is an Overlooked 1930s Horror Offering
‘Return to Skull Island’ Trailer – Kong Strikes in MonsterVerse Comic Miniseries
War-Horror Card Game ‘Deckline’ Coming to Steam on May 7 [Trailer]
‘Bring Her Back’ Directors Preview “Harrowing, Traumatic, and Fun” Film in New Featurette
Get Your Dinosaur Survival Horror Fix in Latest ‘Code Violet’ Gameplay Video [Watch]
Descend Through Hell in Style With Upcoming Metroidvania ‘Fevericide’ [Trailer]
War-Horror Card Game ‘Deckline’ Coming to Steam on May 7 [Trailer]
‘Evil Dead: The Game’ Has Been Quietly Delisted From Digital Storefronts
IndieGogo Campaign Launched for Andrew Saullo’s ‘RESURRECTION: A Biohazard Story’ Web Series [Video]
Get Your Dinosaur Survival Horror Fix in Latest ‘Code Violet’ Gameplay Video [Watch]
6 Recent Free-to-Play Horror Games That’ll Give You Nightmares!
Published
on
By
Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood runs select nights from Thursday, September 5 through Sunday, November 3, 2024, and this year’s event will feature a brand new “curated menu of devilish bites and beverages plus exclusive merchandise, all inspired by this year’s horrifying slate of haunted houses and original shows.”
Additionally, it’s been announced today that “Late Night with Chucky,” an all-original live talk show located in the DreamWorks Theatre, will feature the notorious doll infusing his self-deprecating sense of humor as he takes over Late Night. The interactive attraction will invite guests to submit questions for Chucky to answer via a QR code available in the lobby of the theatre, but if this temperamental host doesn’t appreciate the question, guests may end up like his production team who have been eliminated from their position…permanently.
With such haunted houses as “The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy,” “Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire,” “The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface,” “Universal Monsters: Eternal Bloodlines” and “Monstruos 2: The Nightmares of Latin America,” tapping into guests darkest fears, these experiences will also send them spiraling for a reprise with a selection of tempting treats and drinks. Guests must be 21+ and have a valid photo ID to purchase alcoholic beverages.
This year’s terrifying event menu will include vegetarian, vegan and gluten-free items for those with every type of appetite. The following is a sample of what fans can expect…
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy Bar (located in Lower Lot by “Jurassic World—The Ride”)
Chucky’s Dive Bar (located behind Animation Studio Store)
City Snacks featuring “A Quiet Place” (located in Upper Lot)
Dia de Los Muertos (located in Universal Plaza)
Monster Eats (located in Lower Lot)
Leatherface’s BBQ (located in Lower Lot)
Halloween Horror Nights guests and fans can elevate their experience with a variety of new merchandise collections featuring their favorite fiends and most-anticipated haunted houses. Fan favorite character Lil Boo – an adorable yet creepy baby pumpkin – will come to life in an all-new collection, including a popcorn bucket, shoulder plush, backpack and headwear. The new Halloween Horror Nights collection features sickening house tees, a pierced, reversible bucket hat, bat-eared beanie, skull shot glass and much more. Everyone’s favorite killer doll Chucky is back with an updated popcorn bucket featuring new phrases and a stitched up look inspired by Bride of Chucky.
From apparel and accessories to souvenirs and homeware, fans can also shop exclusive products inspired by “The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy” haunted house and the Dia de Los Muertos activation at Universal Plaza, only at Universal Studios Hollywood and Universal CityWalk Hollywood.
The horror extends to Universal CityWalk with a selection of limited-tie offerings at The Toothsome Chocolate Emporium & Savory Feast Kitchen, NBC Sports Grill & Brew, VIVO Italian Kitchen, Antojitos Cocina Mexicana, Voodoo Doughnuts and Jimmy Buffett’s® Margaritaville.
With eight all-new terrifying haunted houses, a reimagined Terror Tram, multiple scare zones and live entertainment, Halloween Horror Nights is Southern California’s scariest Halloween event that features a killer line-up, inspired by the biggest names in horror.
At a glance, this is Halloween Horror Nights 2024 at Universal Studios Hollywood:
Tickets are on sale now with a variety of ticket offerings available. Click here to purchase tickets and for Terms and Conditions. Details for each ticket type are subject to change.
All-Original “Late Night with Chucky” Live Talk Show Will Taunt Guests With the Infamous Doll’s Brand of Mischief and Mayhem at Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood
Writer in the horror community since 2008. Editor in Chief of Bloody Disgusting. Owns Eli Roth's prop corpse from Piranha 3D. Has two awesome cats. Still plays with toys.
This Year’s Hallmark Horror Keepsake Ornaments Include Chucky, ‘Jaws’ and More!
Official ‘Chucky’ 2026 Wall Calendar Up for Pre-Order from Universal
The Man Behind the Mask: Listen to 6 Memorable Horror Movie Theme Songs
Published
on
By
Dive into Alamo Drafthouse‘s Jaws merchandise in celebration of the film’s 50th anniversary.
While Bruce is munching away on Amity Island tourists on screen, you can munch away on popcorn from a shark-shaped popcorn bucket. Priced at $45, it measures 11″ tall.
The line also includes a Jaws tie-dye T-shirt ($35), a Quint’s Shark Fishing embroidered hat ($35), a gold-plated shark charm ($30), and a 45″ inner tube ($25).
Alamo is also screening Jaws on the water in Leander, TX on June 7, June 21, July 12, and July 26, plus a Jaws in concert with a live score in Martha’s Vineyard, MA on June 21.
In Steven Spielberg‘s 1975 classic, when the seaside community of Amity finds itself under attack by a dangerous great white shark, the town’s chief of police, a young marine biologist, and a grizzled shark hunter embark on a desperate quest to destroy the beast before it strikes again.
Written by Peter Benchley and Carl Gottlieb, the film stars Roy Scheider, Robert Shaw, Richard Dreyfuss, Lorraine Gary and Murray Hamilton.
A 50th anniversary edition of Jaws hit home video on June 17 via Universal, and the film returns to theaters nationwide from August 29 to September 4.
Copyright © 2025 Cineverse





													You must be logged in to post a comment.