BySimon Thompson
BySimon Thompson,
 Contributor. 
Award-winning artist The Weeknd makes his terrifying return to Halloween Horror Nights at Universal ... More Studios Hollywood with an all-new experience, 'The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy.'
After slaying at the iconic annual event two years ago, The Weeknd returns to Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood with an entirely new hellish vision.
While specifics are still sparse to try to preserve the secrets of the scares for as long as possible, we do know that the immersive experience is called The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy and promises to give fans "an authentic, one-of-a-kind horror experience with surprises at every turn."
The all-new haunted house, from the brain of the enigmatic superstar but in collaboration with the theme park's award-winning creative team, will feature several tracks from The Weeknd. A previous collaboration, The Weeknd: After Hours Nightmare, inspired by the artist's acclaimed "After Hours" album, was a massive hit with Halloween Horror Nights ticket holders in the fall of 2022. The Weeknd, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, even turned up in person and made a surprise appearance at the attraction in person but was obviously in disguise.
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy is exclusive to Halloween Horror Nights in Los Angeles.
Also contained in the final round of announcements for this year's event is The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface. It will celebrate the 50th anniversary of the original 1974 slasher film and more. However, it will have a brand new narrative. Rather than following one of the movies, the haunted house will funnel ticket holders through an abandoned slaughterhouse where they'll avoid his relentless chainsaw and come face to face with many versions of Leatherface from all nine films in the franchise. The confirmation follows Halloween Horror Nights Creative Director John Murdy's unveiling of the vision at the Midsummer Scream Convention in Long Beach, California.
It's not the first time the flesh-mask-wearing titan of terror has wreaked havoc at the mecca for horror fans, but the original movie's milestone will surely draw guests back into his bloody lair in massive numbers once again.
Blumhouse Productions builds on their longstanding partnership with Halloween Horror Nights with their catalog of films, which provides the theming for this year's nightmarish nighttime backlot tour. Terror Tram: Enter the Blumhouse will enable attendees to encounter a terrifying array of visions from the company's popular horror films, encountering protagonists from M3GAN, The Black Phone, Freaky, The Purge, and Happy Death Day. After proving to be a massive crowd-pleaser at last year's Halloween Horror Nights, The Purge: Dangerous Waters live show will return to the WaterWorld venue.
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface, and Terror Tram: Enter the Blumhouse round out the attractions for this year's killer lineup.
Among this year’s previously announced haunted houses is Universal Monsters: Eternal Bloodlines, where an all-female army of Hollywood horror icons, including Bride of Frankenstein and She-Wolf of London, will clash with Saskia Van Helsing, the daughter of Abraham Van Helsing. Another Blumhouse franchise will terrify ticket holders in Insidious: The Further, an all-new attraction featuring elements from the hugely popular supernatural Insidious franchise, while Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire, one of the year's biggest box office hits, will entertain guests looking for a less intense spooking.
Also set to chill the blood of thrill seekers is an attraction based on the first two films in the multimillion-dollar A Quiet Place franchise, which will use American Sign Language to recreate elements of the films' noise-free scarescape. As usual with Halloween Horror Nights, there is also a smattering of original IP haunted houses. At Universal Studios Hollywood, this year's burnt offerings are Monstruous 2: The Nightmares of Latin America, a sequel to the hugely popular Monstruous attraction from 2023, and Dead Exposure: Death Valley, featuring radioactive zombies. Multiple scare zones will also be scattered throughout the park to horrify guests between houses and courage-enhancing drink stops.
The blood red carpet rolls out at Universal Studios Hollywood on Thursday, September 5, 2024, but the spine-chilling spectacle begins at Universal Orlando Resort a few days earlier, on Friday, August 30, 2024. Tickets for both events are now available.