The Black Keys have signed with new management after some very public and unusual turmoil surrounding the duo.Rolling Stone reports Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney have signed with Red Light Management. The outlet notes the management company, which was founded by Corna Capshaw, boasts an impressive roster of clients. That roster includes Dave Matthews Band, the Strokes and Chris Stapleton. This is just the latest development for the Black Keys and their ongoing, very murky situation. Here's a breakdown of the major events and headlines that have surfaced in recent weeks. 
In early April, The Black Keys announced a 31-date North American leg of their "International Players" tour in support of their latest album, Ohio Players. The tour leg was set to kick off on September 17 in Tulsa, Oklahoma and wrap on November 12 in Detroit. However, on May 25, the North American tour was abruptly canceled. At the time when the tour was canceled, no explanation was given. Many outlets suspected the tour, which was booked in arenas, was canceled due to low ticket sales, according to available data. The low ticket sales may have been due to high ticket prices, which were between $100 and $300.
Understandably, news of the tour cancelation surprised many people. The day after the news broke, Dan Auerbach and Patrick Carney issued a statement, which read as follows:
"The band wants to assure everyone that Dan & Patrick are alive and well. Following the recent run of shows in the UK & Europe, including stops at iconic venues like Brixton Academy and the Zenith in Paris, we have decided to make some changes to the North American leg of the International Players Tour that will enable us to offer a similarly exciting, intimate experience for both fans and the band, and will be announcing a revised set of dates shortly."
It continued, "Everyone who had purchased tickets and/or VIP to the initial tour dates will be fully refunded - and when the new plans are announced, will be the first to be able to buy tickets."The statement concluded, "Thank you for your understanding and apologies for the surprise change… We’re pretty sure everyone is going to be excited when you see what we have in mind though, and look forward to seeing everyone soon."
In a story about big music tours being in "trouble," The New York Times reported that The Black Keys parted ways with their two managers, the legendary Irving Azoff and Steve Moir. The outlet noted that Auerbach and Carney signed with Azoff and Moir in 2021 and specifically cited Azoff's "focus on touring and selling our tickets." Despite this, a rep for Azoff and Moir stated they "amicably parted" with The Black Keys. But, that doesn't seem to be the case.
In a post on X (formerly Twitter) on June 10 at 3:34 AM, Carney wrote, "We got f-cked. I'll let you all know how so it doesn't happen to you. Stay tuned." Carney has since deleted that tweet, and there haven't been any additional updates from him.
Concerts are all about good vibes and enjoying great music. But sometimes, there's an annoying side to the experience: dealing with bad concert etiquette. While most attendees understand the need for respect and consideration, a few don't get it. From talking during quiet moments to excessive smartphone use, it's safe to say that not everyone gets the memo on how to keep the concert vibe alive.
With Taylor Swift's Eras Tour and Beyoncé's Renaissance Tour breaking records and drawing massive crowds, many concertgoers have found themselves dealing with less-than-ideal behavior from their fellow music enthusiasts. In fact, videos have surfaced showcasing artists dealing with unruly fans.
Remember that incident with Cardi B? She threw a microphone into the crowd after someone chucked a drink at her during a concert. And let's not forget when Harry Styles got smacked in the eye by a piece of candy in Vienna, and Bebe Rexha needed stitches because she got hit by a mobile phone in New York. And Pink had quite the surprise when someone decided to scatter their mother's ashes on stage during her show in London. But maybe the most jaw-dropping moment was when Ava Max got slapped by a concertgoer right in the middle of her performance in Los Angeles.
Some people speculate that the extended break from live music during the pandemic might have brought in a wave of post-COVID attendees who are still learning the ropes of concert etiquette. According to the LA Times, many people link this issue to COVID-19, suggesting that the pandemic may have affected our social skills. While the pandemic did have a significant impact, the LA Times argues that it's time to stop using it as an excuse for unruly behavior, especially since by the end of 2020, COVID-19 shutdowns have ended, and restrictions have eased.
So, what are some concert no-nos that count as bad etiquette? Check out our list below.
Never throw objects, such as drinks or debris, during a concert. This can cause harm to other concertgoers and disrupt the performance. Not to mention, it's just rude. In July, singer BeBe Rexha had to get stitches after getting hit by a cellphone during her New York show.

A post shared by

Certain performers are open to engaging with signs displayed by fans in the audience. But oversized banners and signs can be disruptive, potentially obstructing the view for other concert attendees. Imagine dropping a bunch of cash to see your favorite artist, and all you get is a close-up of someone's giant poster. So, maybe think twice about lugging those signs along and just leave them at home. Still, it's worth noting that a massive sign isn't necessarily a concert showstopper. Take, for instance, Chris Dare and his wife Shantelle, who attended Adele's Las Vegas show in August. They held up a sign that read, "Adele, will you do our gender reveal?" To everyone's surprise, Adele invited them on stage, saying, "No one's really allowed signs in here. I'm just obsessed that you got one in. I've never done this." She then revealed the baby's gender in a viral video moment.
https://twitter.com/arianaunext/status/1678626999063965696?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1678626999063965696%7Ctwgr%5E35850095b695eca8d6dc3824037df7ea6b1e7898%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.insider.com%2Fconcert-fan-snatches-sign-viral-tiktok-2023-7
Bright screens and loud notifications can be distracting. Silence your phone, and if you need to use it, step out of the concert area. This also goes for taking photos and videos. A few pics or short videos are cool, but nobody wants to watch the whole concert through your shaky camera. Plus, it can block others' views. In July, Miranda Lambert stopped her Las Vegas concert mid-song to call out fans for taking selfies.
m-gucci/ Getty Images
Don't be that person who's always up and down during a concert. If you absolutely have to leave your seat, do it quietly when there's a break between songs. Think about it, every time you get up, you make a whole row stand up to let you through. So, save your bathroom breaks and drink refills for intermissions, or opt for an aisle seat if you know you'll be up and down a lot during the show. It'll help keep things smooth for everyone.
igoriss/ Getty Images
Nobody likes the person who talks loudly during the entire concert. They're the one who chats with their friends at full volume, not realizing they're annoying everyone else trying to enjoy the music. Essentially, they unintentionally disrupt the concert experience for others who just want to listen to the music without constant chatter in the background. If you want to chat, do it outside the concert area.
bernardbodo/ Getty Images
Excessive drinking or drug use can lead to obnoxious behavior and can be a safety concern. In a way, the concertgoer who's sloppy drunk or high is like the wild card at the concert. They add an unpredictable element to the mix. While they might be having a blast, their actions can be a distraction and annoyance to others who are trying to enjoy the music in a more composed manner.
zamrznutitonovi/ Getty Images
Remember to respect people's personal space and be aware of how you move around in the crowd. Most concerts are all about dancing and having a good time, so feel free to dance the night away. Just be sure to look around and make sure you're not accidentally bumping into others while you're at it. Additionally, being considerate means refraining from pushing or shoving them to get closer to the stage.
Wavebreakmedia/ Getty Images

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!