By
The Weeknd, (real name Abel Makkonen Tesfaye), has inked a distribution deal for Hurry Up Tomorrow that will place the film into theaters across the globe.
HipHopDX reported that Lionsgate purchased the rights to the film, which is an extension of The Weeknd‘s upcoming album of the same title. The film will mark The Weeknd’s movie debut.  
Along with Daniel Lopatin, The Weeknd will score the film, and Jenny Ortega and Barry Keoghan are slated to star in the movie.
In the film, The Weeknd is said to play himself, an ultra-popular singer. Ortega plays his deranged fan who’s obsessed with him.
Adam Fogelson, Chair of Lionsgate Motion Picture Group, shared his excitement about the project and working with The Weeknd.
“Abel is a visionary whose art cannot be confined by any single medium. With Hurry Up Tomorrow, in partnership with [director] Trey [Edward Shults], his musical universe expands onto the big screen with a psychological thriller that will usher in a new cinematic experience for fans. We are thrilled to be bringing it to audiences worldwide.”
Hurry Up Tomorrow is the third and final installment in a trilogy. Previously, albums were After Hours in 2020 and Dawn FM in 2022.
On Instagram in September, The Weeknd shared his vision of the ambitious project.
“Yesterday was 14 years ago… We held our breath, falling into a shimmering sea in the after-hours of the night,” he said. “Attempted to cleanse the wounds with melodies and lights, a bulletproof bandage to shield what lies beneath.”
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)
“In a place where the seasons never changed, where time ceased to exist,” he continued. “But therein lies the problem. Today has felt like an endless spin. I keep distorting the truth, immune to the dizziness, numb to the nausea. What lies beneath — screams in silence.” 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97