Christmas came earlier than Halloween this year.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Thankfully, American Dad fans won’t have to worry about closing out the holiday-heavy portion of the 2024 TV schedule without the Smith family being around. (Maybe we can get Santa Ricky Spanish — [whispers] Ricky Spanish — if we play our cards just right by scoring high on the naughty list.) The latest season kicks off just prior to Halloween, but even before that, the team at 20th Century Studios delivered the absolute perfect way to get ready for Stan’s latest exploits: an official American Dad! Greatest Hits album!
Fans of the long-running TV series, which eclipsed the historic 250-episode mark back in 2020, are well aware that the show's musical segments are not only as funny as the non-rythmic gags, but many of them are also earworms that bounce around inside viewers' goldfish bowls for days on end after episodes air. I can only be thankful in hindsight that "Bad, Bad Boy" didn't exist when I was a kid, or it would have been my main Christmas carol, as it were.
Why American Dad Brought The Golden Turd Saga Back For The 300th Episode, According To The Showrunner
In any case, the release of American Dad! Greatest Hits is a huge one, since a lot of these songs haven't been readily available for listening on Spotify and other services. Getting a fix of B12, specifically through the song "Girl You Need A Shot (of B12)," used to require finding a clip on YouTube, but no longer. Check out the full track listing below!
19 tracks of nearly universal bliss, with only one or two slightly less-than-ideal additions, but everyone's mileage may vary. But there's no way the variance is so large that this album isn't deemed "Hot Enough" by regular viewers. It's definitely "Hot Enough," even if that's not the biggest banger on the album.
Without a doubt, American Dad's best original track has to be Steve and Roger's Boyz II Men-spoofing ballad "Daddy's Gone," which obviously works better with the desert-set visuals, but doesn't require them, since the song is so spot on. And while I frankly couldn't tell the immediate difference between the "Remastered" track and the original, I'll go to bat saying they're both perfect.
Here's hoping we get a multi-installment saga about Roger having to live in Stan's torso, or one about Roger's over-bleached [censored body part that we all know is his butthole]. But even if not, bless the powers that be for finally gifting fans with this Greatest Hits collection.
With its current season presumably stretching into the 2025 TV schedule, American Dad debuts Monday, October 28, at 10:00 p.m. ET. All prior seasons can currently be streamed with a Disney+ subscription and a Hulu subscription.
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Nick is a Cajun Country native and an Assistant Managing Editor with a focus on TV and features. His humble origin story with CinemaBlend began all the way back in the pre-streaming era, circa 2009, as a freelancing DVD reviewer and TV recapper.  Nick leapfrogged over to the small screen to cover more and more television news and interviews, eventually taking over the section for the current era and covering topics like Yellowstone, The Walking Dead and horror. Born in Louisiana and currently living in Texas — Who Dat Nation over America’s Team all day, all night — Nick spent several years in the hospitality industry, and also worked as a 911 operator. If you ever happened to hear his music or read his comics/short stories, you have his sympathy.
Paget Brewster Shared The Story Behind A Wardrobe Mishap She Had While Working With Matthew Perry On Friends, And The 'Gentlemanly' Way He Handled It
Christopher Meloni Revealed F-Bomb-Filled Things People Yell At Him While Filming Law And Order On The Streets Of NYC: 'That Kind Of Blew That Take'
How To Watch The Walking Dead: Dead City Season 2 Online And Stream Return Of Zombie Drama Spin-Off

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.