From Marvin Gaye’s Let’s Get It On to George Michael’s Careless Whisper, it’s not uncommon to have a go-to sex song (or even an entire playlist full of carefully curated tracks.)
But there’s actually a scientific reason certain songs get you going in the bedroom – and even an ideal song speed for having sex.
Taylor Swift’s Love Song is apparently the ideal soundtrack to intimacy, according to science.
While it might be a tad awkward to get hot and sweaty to lyrics like ‘Marry me, Juliet, you’ll never have to be alone,’ it’s the song speed (119 BPM beats per minute) which makes it the best sex tune.
The new research gathered songs on Spotify that appeared the most across playlists that included keywords including ‘sex,’ ‘sexy,’ and ‘intimacy.’ 
Then, after working out that 119 BPM was the most popular song beat, it took songs with that BPM that featured the most in playlists to determine a ranking.
Source: Bedbible.com (gathered using Spotify’s Playlist Miner Tool)
Elsewhere on the list, it’s good news for Little Monsters as Lady Gaga featured heavily in the new data. Bad Romance, which is also set at 119 BPM, was in second place, featuring in a total of 27 playlists, whilst Just Dance came in at number three with 26 features.
And, once again, Gaga featured in fourth with her classic hit Poker Face, which was referenced on 25 sex playlists.
Love reading juicy stories like this? Need some tips for how to spice things up in the bedroom? 
Sign up to The Hook-Up and we'll slide into your inbox every week with all the latest sex and dating stories from Metro. We can't wait for you to join us!
According to chartered psychologist Louise Goddard-Crawley, playing music to the bedroom can level up the experience considerably, both in terms of pleasure and passion.
‘Introducing music can enhance intimacy and bring you closer together as a couple, especially if it involves a shared passion, such as an artist you both like,’ Louise tells Metro.co.uk.
‘Sharing a favourite artist or genre of music creates a sense of unity and strengthens your bond. It can become a shared experience, deepening your emotional and physical connection.’
And, it’s backed up by science too. Listening to music during sex is intrinsically tied to our senses, which are ‘deeply influenced’ by sound, Louise explains.
‘Certain types of music, when associated with memories, can evoke strong emotions and transport us to familiar places quickly. When we listen to music that holds positive memories for us, it can create a sense of comfort and familiarity, allowing us to relax and let go more easily.
‘This can be particularly beneficial during intimate moments, as it helps us feel more at ease and connected with our partner. 
‘In essence, music acts as a powerful trigger for our emotions and memories, allowing us to tap into feelings of happiness, nostalgia, and intimacy more readily.’
Likewise, music can act as a catalyst for pleasure, deepening our connection with our partners as well as the thrill of the moment.
‘One of the most fascinating aspects of music’s influence on intimacy is its ability to synchronise our movements and heighten our physical sensations,’ VITA™ certified sex, love and relationship expert Serena Novelli tells Metro.co.uk.
‘Have you ever noticed how your body instinctively moves to the rhythm of a song, especially during moments of intimacy?’ she asks.
‘This synchronisation not only enhances physical coordination but also intensifies our sensory experiences, making every touch, kiss, and caress feel more electric and profound.’
‘Just like during intimate moments with a partner/s, music can create a more relaxed and sensual atmosphere when you’re alone,’ Louise adds.
‘Music plays a crucial role in setting the tone and atmosphere in films for example, and the same principle applies to real-life situations, including masturbation.
‘Music can also help you concentrate away from any external distractions, allowing you to focus more on your own pleasure.’
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Think you know your bra size? This lingerie pro says you’re probably wrong
From embroidered napkins to makeup brushes – here's everything a shopping expert is buying
Calling all brides as Lily & Roo have just launched the most gorgeous wedding jewellery
Rest your head after the marathon with Simba’s best-selling mattress
So, the next time you get intimate (whether solo or with a partner), consider vibing out to your favourite song. Who knows where it’ll take you.
Do you have a story to share?
Get in touch by emailing MetroLifestyleTeam@Metro.co.uk.
Arrow
MORE: Saying this common phrase to older work colleagues could land you in legal trouble
Arrow
MORE: Your partner being told they’re ‘punching’ is not the compliment you think it is
Arrow
MORE: How do I stop people fat-shaming my baby?
Metro's hottest newsletter, with juicy stories and tips for spicing things up in the bedroom. 18+

			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Metro's hottest newsletter, with juicy stories and tips for spicing things up in the bedroom. 18+

			Content is 18+			
Close 

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy