This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
‘America’s Got Talent’ judge Heidi Klum tells Fox News Digital she doesn’t want to give away too much when it comes to this year’s Halloween costume.
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is making its return for the first time in five years on Oct. 15.
The show's big return will be held in New York City, the same place the first show debuted in 1995. Earlier this year, the lingerie brand announced the show would be returning in a statement on Instagram. 
"We’ve read the comments and heard you. The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show is BACK and will reflect who we are today, plus everything you know and love—the glamour, runway, wings, musical entertainment, and more! Stay tuned…it only gets more iconic from here," it stated.
Victoria’s Secret canceled the show in 2019 after facing criticism over inclusivity on the runway and suffering its lowest ratings ever.
Cher will be performing at the 2024 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in New York on Oct. 15. (Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
CHER TO HIT VICTORIA'S SECRET RUNWAY AFTER CASTING CONTROVERSY 
The brand’s chief marketing officer at the time, Ed Razek, also drew fire after he made controversial statements in a 2018 interview with Vogue saying the show wouldn’t include transgender models because it’s supposed to be a "fantasy." Shortly after the comments were published, Victoria’s Secret posted an apology from Razek.
Fast-forward to 2023, Victoria’s Secret released a filmed version of a fashion show on Prime Video before its official relaunch this year.
Tyra Banks is expected to put back on her "Angel Wings" for the first time in nearly 20 years on Tuesday night.
Kelsey Merritt, Maia Cotton, Willow Hand, Iesha Hodges, Myrthe Bolt and Melie Tiacoh walked the runway during the last Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2018. (TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP via Getty Images)
Other "angels" expected to walk the runway are Gigi Hadid, Paloma Elsesser, Imaan Hammam, Candice Swanepoel, Grace Elizabeth, Taylor Hill, Mayowa Nicholas, Devyn Garcia, Barbara Palvin, Behati Prinsloo, Ashley Graham, Jasmine Tookes and Adriana Lima.
Victoria's Secret announced in September that Cher would be headlining the evening.
"It’s a woman’s world, so it’s understood that you can’t have a fashion show without the mother of fashion herself—@Cher!" the official Instagram account captioned their announcement.
"We’re beyond excited to announce she will officially be performing at the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show 2024 on October 15. But she won’t be alone...stay tuned, more announcements are coming to round out our first-ever, all-women lineup," the caption continued.
"It’s a woman’s world, so it’s understood that you can’t have a fashion show without the mother of fashion herself – Cher."
Since its debut nearly 30 years ago, the show has faced its fair share of scrutiny. From Heidi Klum's iconic $12 million Fantasy Bra to Gisele Bündchen seamlessly dodging PETA protesters on the 2002 runway, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show has had headline-worthy moments for decades.
Here is a look back at the show's wildest moments over the years.
Gisele Bundchen's incident with PETA and Heidi Klum's $12 million bra are among the Victoria's Secret fashion shows' wildest moments. (Getty Images)
In 2016, Bella Hadid was walking the Victoria's Secret runway when her ex-boyfriend, The Weeknd, was the musical guest of the night.
Bella Hadid and The Weeknd had an awkward run-in during the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. (Taylor Hill/WireImage)
At the time of the show, Bella Hadid and The Weeknd were not together but continued to be on-and-off for years after. (Kristy Sparow/WireImage)
The Weeknd, whose legal name is Abel Makkonen Tesfaye, was singing his hit "Starboy" when the former couple awkwardly locked eyes as Hadid made her way down the runway.
VICTORIA'S SECRET TO 'RETHINK' ANNUAL FASHION SHOW, SAYS NETWORK TELEVISION ISN'T 'THE RIGHT FIT'
Hadid and Tesfaye had an on-and-off romance that lasted from 2015 to 2019. The former couple has since moved on and Hadid is currently dating cowboy Adan Banuelos.
Klum has had several iconic looks throughout her reign as a Victoria's Secret Angel from 1998 until 2010. However, her look that might be the most talked about is her $12 million fantasy bra she wore during the 2001 fashion show.
Heidi Klum wore Victoria's Secret Heavenly Star $12 million bra in 2001. (Getty Images)
The Heavenly Star Bra was designed by Mouawad, and it was the first year the Victoria's Secret fashion show aired on television.
In 2002, Bündchen was in the middle of her runway walk when PETA protesters jumped onstage in an attempt to disrupt the Victoria's Secret fashion show.
At the time, Bündchen – a seasoned runway model – was bombarded by activists holding "Gisele: Fur Scum" signs. 
Animal rights activists from PETA rushed while Gisele Bündchen was walking the runway in 2002. (TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP via Getty Images)
The protest, which was targeted at Bündchen, was in response to her newly signed contract with furrier Blackgama.
While the protesters were onstage, Bündchen continued with her walk, seemingly unfazed by the incident. In 2018, she opened up to Vogue about how the PETA protest had changed the course of her modeling career and allowed her to rethink certain campaigns she attached her name to. 
Gisele Bündchen first debuted her "wings" with Victoria's Secret in 2000. (Kevin Mazur/WireImage)
"It wasn’t until that shock — it stopped me in my tracks. They sent me all these videos. I wasn’t aware of what was happening, and I was devastated," Bündchen told the outlet at the time. "So I said, ‘Listen, I’m not doing fur campaigns.’"
In 2014, Taylor Swift stripped down to lingerie herself while performing alongside the Victoria's Secret angels.
Taylor Swift performed on the runway during the annual Victoria's Secret Fashion Show in 2014. (Karwai Tang/WireImage)
Taylor Swift wore lingerie while performing during the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. (Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)
Swift, 24 at the time, performed in London while wearing a black bra, high-waisted underwear with a black lace overlay. She also rocked a satin pink robe and matching nightgown.
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Prior to the start of the show, Swift walked the red carpet in a white gown, with a sheer top and a thigh-high slit.
Taylor Swift was photographed prior to the Victoria's Secret Fashion show in 2014. (Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)
In 2015, the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show received backlash after incorporating Native American-inspired looks into their show.
At the time, Karlie Kloss walked the runway wearing a floor-length feathered headdress, leopard-print underwear and high heels. She was also adorned with fringes and turquoise jewelry during a segment meant to represent the 12 months of the year – fireworks in July, rain gear for April and a headdress for November.
Karlie Kloss and Victoria's Secret faced backlash after the model wore a Native American outfit during the 2015 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. (TIMOTHY A. CLARY/AFP via Getty Images)
Victoria's Secret reportedly issued an apology after Karlie Kloss donned a Native American-inspired look during the 2015 show. (Michael Stewart/FilmMagic)
According to the Associated Press, the brand at the time issued an apology and promised not to promote that specific look in any future marketing or broadcasts.
"We sincerely apologize as we absolutely had no intention to offend anyone," the company said at the time.
HALSEY SLAMS VICTORIA’S SECRET FASHION SHOW FOR ‘LACK OF INCLUSIVITY’
Historically, headdresses are a symbol of respect worn by Native American war chiefs and warriors. For Great Plains tribes, for instance, each feather placed on a headdress has significance and had to be earned through an act of compassion or bravery. Some modern-day Native American leaders have received war bonnets in ceremonies accompanied by prayers and songs.
While Irina Shayk was six months pregnant, she took the Victoria's Secret runway and debuted her baby bump for the first time.
At the time, Shayk and Bradley Cooper were expecting their first child. They welcomed their daughter, Lea, in March 2017.
Irina Shayk debuted her baby bump during the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for Victoria's Secret)
During the 2016 show in Paris, Shayk attempted to conceal her growing belly with two different looks.
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
In one, the model wore a red lace bra with matching underwear and paired it with a beaded fringe jacket tied right on top of her stomach. In the second look, Shayk wore a trench coat with a matching gray underwear set underneath.
Irina Shayk was pregnant with her and Bradley Cooper's daughter at the time of the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. (Victor Virgile/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)
In 2014, Ariana Grande was the guest performance during the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
Ariana Grande was accidentally poked by Elsa Hosk's wings during the 2014 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. (Karwai Tang/WireImage)
During her performance, Grande was accidentally struck by Elsa Hosk's "Angel" wings while she was walking the runway.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
In a photo that has since gone viral, Grande is seen cowering down and appearing to be afraid of the pointy object attached to Hosk's back.
The Victoria's Secret fashion show airs Tuesday, Oct. 15, at 7 p.m. ET and will be streaming on Amazon Live and Amazon Prime Video as well as Victoria's Secret's Instagram, YouTube and TikTok live.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Janelle Ash is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to janelle.ash@fox.com. 
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.