By CHRISTINE RENDON and MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:20, 17 September 2024   |  Updated:  16:25, 17 September 2024   
 9
View  comments
Cher has been announced as a performer at the upcoming Victoria's Secret Fashion Show.
The lingerie brand revealed the music icon, 78, will be performing 'live on the runway' in video posted to their Instagram account.
The video featured clips from Cher's music video for Believe as it announced her as their musical guest.  
'It's a woman's world, so it's understood that you can't have a fashion show without the mother of fashion herself—@Cher!' Victoria's Secret captioned the post. 
'We're beyond excited to announce she will officially be performing at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 2024. But she won't be alone...stay tuned, more announcements are coming to round out our first-ever, all-women lineup. #VSFashionShow.' 
Superstar Cher has been announced as a performer at the upcoming Victoria's Secret Fashion Show; pictured May 2024
She will follow the likes of Taylor Swift and The Weeknd, who both performed at past Victoria's Secret Fashion Shows.  
The fashion show is making its triumphant return after a four-year hiatus this fall.
It will occur on October 15 in Brooklyn, New York and has cast the likes of Gigi Hadid, Tyra Banks, and Paloma Elsesser to hit the runway. 
The fashion show was canceled in 2019 after dealing with bad ratings and a whole slew of wild controversies, and has since made an effort to become more inclusive. 
But in May it announced the show will be returning later this year.
Victoria's Secret announced the major news with an Instagram post, telling fans 'We’ve read the comments and heard you.'
'The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show is BACK and will reflect who we are today, plus everything you know and love—the glamour, runway, wings, musical entertainment, and more! Stay tuned…it only gets more iconic from here,' VS promised its followers with the hashtag #VSFashionShow.'
The brand returned with a 'reimagined' Victoria's Secret World Tour Prime show in 2023 that was not well received - people found the show boring compared to its '90s and early aughts heyday.
Victoria's Secret has dealt with more than a handful of controversies over the last few years.
The fashion show is making its triumphant return after a four-year hiatus this fall; pictured the 2018 Fashion Show 
Taylor Swift performed at the VS Fashion Show back in 2013
The Weeknd also performed at the 2016 fashion show 
Bella Hadid pictured walking the 2017 show in Shanghai 
In 2020, a bombshell report in The New York Times claimed that Victoria's Secret owner Les Wexner mocked the retail industry's efforts to champion women of different body types.
The Times interviewed more than 30 executives, employees, contractors and models, and looked at court filings to find a toxic culture of sexual harassment.
Employees said Wexner mocked the retail industry's efforts to embrace a variety of body types by allegedly saying, 'Nobody goes to a plastic surgeon and says, 'Make me fat.'
Wexner was said to also berate employees about their weight, including fat shaming an employee for getting seconds at a buffet.
However, it's now attempting to return to its fashion show roots - with a show that will be updated but is sure to include a few nods to the '90s Angels
After the backlash, the lingerie company famously rebranded in an effort to appeal to Gen Z and named new brand ambassadors, including soccer player Megan Rapinoe and transgender model Valentina Sampaio.
The classic mall brand also faced major competition from more inclusive lingerie brands, like Kim Kardashian's loungewear line Skims and Rihanna's Savage x Fenty.
Rihanna's Savage x Fenty fashion shows became can't miss events full of models of all different sizes.
It wasn't just the company that had issues, some of the Victoria's Secret stores also saw their fair share of problems.
In 2023, the chain faced major criticism for its handling of a complaint by a trans woman who claimed she had a 'dehumanizing experience' at one of its stores while trying on bras.
However, it's now attempting to return to its fashion show roots - with a show that will be updated but is sure to include a few nods to the '90s Angels.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group