e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Universal’s Horror Nights will team up again with Grammy Award winner The Weeknd on a new haunted maze that takes visitors inside the twisted fantasies and fever dream hellscape of the pop superstar all set to a soundtrack of his greatest hits.
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy haunted house will return to Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood along with a new Terror Tram experience tied to the Blumhouse studio catalog and a water stunt show themed to The Purge franchise.
ALSO SEE: Universal’s Horror Nights reveals 4 scare zones: Punks, crows, wrestlers and royalty
Halloween Horror Nights 2024 will feature eight new haunted mazes along with four scare zones and the Terror Tram on select nights from Sept. 5 through Nov. 3 at Universal Studios Hollywood.
The “Blinding Lights” Canadian rapper joined forces with Horror Nights in 2022 on The Weeknd: After Hours Nightmare maze based on his “After Hours” album.
The new Weeknd maze promises a trilogy of nightmare scenarios from the twisted mind of the pop superstar with a soundtrack of his music scored by Grammy Award-winning producer Mike Dean.
ALSO SEE: Texas Chainsaw Massacre maze returns to Universal’s Horror Nights
The Blumhouse movie studio will take over the Terror Tram with appearances along the route by characters from “The Purge,” “M3GAN,” “Happy Death Day,” “The Black Phone” and “Freaky.”
Blumhouse will also take over the WaterWorld venue with “The Purge: Dangerous Waters” water stunt show featuring pyrotechnics and a rock soundtrack.
The The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy will be joined by seven additional mazes during Halloween Horror Nights 2024:
Horror Nights has also announced four scare zones for the event: Chainsaw Punkz, Murder of Crowz, Skull Lordz and Luchadores Monstruosos.
The separate admission Horror Nights event is not included with daily admission to Universal Studios Hollywood. Universal is selling an Early Access Ticket that provides entrance to select haunted mazes 90 minutes before Horror Nights officially begins each night at 7 p.m. Horror Nights season passes, front-of-the-line passes and VIP tours are also available for the event.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group