The first Monday in May, otherwise known as the Met Gala, is quickly approaching.
The "Oscars of the East" is a fundraising event to benefit the Metropolitan Museum of Art's Costume Institute. In 2024, it raised nearly $26 million, The New York Times reported. But it is better known for its high-fashion moments corresponding with elaborate themes like "Manus x Machina: Fashion in an Age of Technology," "Camp: Notes on Fashion," and "In America: A Lexicon of Fashion."
Now, as seasoned attendees like Zendaya and Emma Chamberlain prepare to grace the carpet for the "Superfine: Tailoring Black Style" theme on May 5, it's worth a reminder that even the most glamorous of stars aren't immune to awkward moments, even at major events like the Met.
From questionable interview exchanges to photobombs and public displays of affection, here are 13 awkward moments in Met Gala history.
Jennifer Lawrence reached out to touch Sarah Jessica Parker's unique, feathery headpiece while the "Sex and the City" star was being photographed on the red carpet.
Luckily, Parker didn't seem bothered by the bit, People reported, even though she was certainly caught off-guard. The two actors shared a laugh following the photobomb, and Lawrence even got Parker's permission to pet the feathers.
After the 2014 Met Gala, Delevingne posted a video of Reese Witherspoon repeatedly mispronouncing her name in an elevator and the moment went viral. Although Delevingne later took the video down, ABC News shared the clip in a segment on "Good Morning America," which can still be watched on YouTube.
"I love it. I love it when you do it, say it," says British drummer Tennessee Thomas, who was in the elevator with them.
"Dee-luh-vig-nee," Witherspoon responds.
Witherspoon also appeared to struggle pronouncing Delevingne's first name, Cara, switching between "Care-ah" and "Car-ah."
The group was accompanied by Zooey Deschanel and Kate Upton, who also laughed along.
Although police caught the man before he could fully execute his plan, E! News posted a photo of the prankster, who bravely wore a hot-pink mankini and oversized gold chain.
Hayden Panettiere might have jinxed herself.
US Weekly reported that the actress shouted, "Hallelujah! I made it up the stairs!" when she reached the top. Little did she know she'd tumble on her way down.
Panettiere laughed off the mistake and made sure to hold up her dress to prevent a future fall.
After the 2017 Met Gala, audiences reached the general consensus that Rihanna had taken the theme, "Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons: Art of the In-Between," more seriously than other celebrities.
Apparently, Rihanna herself agreed. After making a lasting impression in an elaborate gown from Comme des Garçons' fall 2016 collection, Rihanna liked an Instagram post mocking stars who showed up in attire that seemingly had no connection to the theme, Cosmopolitan reported.
The meme read, "What the #MetGala theme was VS how everyone showed up," and showed side-by-side images of over-the-top outfits similar to Rihanna's and a plain, neutral-colored gown.
There are plenty of celebrity couples who love to show some PDA on the red carpet (see: Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker), but something about this kiss just screamed awkward. Maybe it was bad timing or a strange camera angle, but the photo serves as an unfortunate reminder of the duo's short-lived relationship.
The couple dated for 10 months in 2017, making high-profile appearances at Coachella, the Met Gala, and the Harper's Bazaar Icons party before calling it quits that October.
The theme of the 2019 Met Gala, "Camp: Notes on Fashion," confused stars and fans alike.
"Up until today, I had no idea what 'camp' was," Nicki Minaj told an interviewer from "Entertainment Tonight." "So, I don't even know if this is camp, to be honest," she added while gesturing to her pink Prabal Gurung gown.
The New York Times reported that writer Susan Sontag defined "camp" as "an intentional over-the-top-ness, a slightly (or extremely) 'off' quality, bad taste as a vehicle for good art."
"I think I broke the internet, but not in a good way," Kloss told Vogue's "Life in Looks" series in 2023.
Prior to her arrival at the Met, Kloss posted a photo on Instagram of the reflection of her eye in a small handheld mirror with the caption, "Looking camp right in the eye #metgala."
Unfortunately, with competition for best-dressed including Zendaya as a real-life Cinderella and Katy Perry as a literal chandelier, fans were not impressed with Kloss' gold patterned mini dress with exaggerated black puffed sleeves designed by Dapper Dan for Gucci.
"I still get — rightfully get — trolled. I'll accept it. Honestly, I deserved that one," Kloss added.
When reporting on the carpet, Palmer asked Brooklyn and Nicola Peltz Beckham — who were then engaged — what the theme, "In America: A Lexicon of Fashion," meant to them.
"Well, I'm trying to make him an American right now," said Nicola with a laugh, prompting Palmer to ask where Beckham is from.
As the son of famous English soccer player David Beckham and former Spice Girl turned fashion designer Victoria Beckham, that's likely not a question Brooklyn is used to answering.
He took the question in stride and said he's from London.
But the awkwardness didn't stop there; the couple explained they live in Los Angeles and Nicola made a joke that she'd kidnapped her fiancé to which Palmer replied, "Well, I'm always here for a good kidnapping, OK. A fair trade ain't never been a robbery," before wishing them a wonderful time.
At the 2022 Met Gala, YouTube star and influencer Emma Chamberlain and rapper Jack Harlow exchanged spontaneous expressions of affection upon their first time meeting.
When Chamberlain's interview for Vogue came to a close, Harlow let an "I love you" slip out as he walked away from the microphone. Chamberlain responded with "Love ya" before facing the camera wearing a confused expression while (unsuccessfully) trying to hold in a burst of laughter. She seemed to be processing the sentimental exchange.
Jimmy Fallon later had both Harlow and Chamberlain respond to the event live on "The Tonight Show."
"That's like a piece of art because there's so many ways to interpret that," Harlow said on the show in 2022. "Everyone has a different take on what was going through her head, so I'll leave it up to interpretation."
Chamberlain commented on the awkward interaction as well, telling Fallon, "When I'm doing these interviews, it's blank up here. Like, I have no thoughts. And when I go home, and I watch the interviews again, I'm like, watching a completely different person. I have no idea. I'm not thinking about anything. And then I'm like reacting to myself."
In celebration of the 2023 Met Gala theme, "Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty," Doja Cat dressed as the late designer's beloved cat, Choupette.
The rapper and singer was committed to her character, replying to every question asked by Vogue red-carpet correspondent Emma Chamberlain with meows.
Chamberlain laughed and continued playing along with the bit, resulting in an awkward, yet funny exchange.
No one wants to show up at an event wearing the same outfit as someone else, especially not when the "event" in question is the Met Gala.
Luckily, the actress and then-Vogue China editor in chief were quick to laugh about their twinning moment.
"Great minds," Wilde wrote on her Instagram story, per People. "If you're gonna twin with anyone, make it @margaretzhang."
Zhang also poked fun at their outfits, reposting Wilde's story on Instagram and adding, "CUE THE STRINGS," in reference to the violin design at the center of their dresses.
While posing with Stella McCartney, Cara Delevingne, and FKA Twigs, Ed Sheeran got his feet stuck in FKA Twigs' gown. The custom Stella McCartney look featured loops of strings in a long train that dragged on the white-and-green carpet.
The moment was captured in a Vogue interview as McCartney walked Vogue's hosts, actress Gwendoline Christie and model Ashley Graham, through the celebrities' looks. As Sheeran twirled around to show off his suit, his feet got tangled in the dress.
"You just wrapped your feet in Miss Twigs here, uh oh, oh God," said Graham as Sheeran unsuccessfully attempted to free his feet.
While brief, the incident did require Delevingne's help to untangle the British singer.
"Luckily there is a designer here," Christie said.
Others commented that Sheeran's look reminded them of one worn by Troy Bolton, the iconic character from "High School Musical."
Jump to