ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK performs onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
2024 may prove to be a huge year for Blackpink, as the girl group just renewed their contract with their record label to continue working together. Ahead of what may be an exciting new chapter for the band, one of its members is still succeeding on the Billboard charts on her own. She’s doing so well, in fact, that she recently altered an all-time ranking and bested the biggest K-pop group in the world.
Blackpink singer Jennie is present on a handful of Billboard charts this week with her solo single “One of the Girls.” That track, which credits her as a featured act, rises on the Rhythmic Airplay chart, which ranks the most popular tracks on radio stations across the U.S. that focus on what’s known as rhythmic music–hip-hop and R&B that are aimed at a larger audience. This frame, the tune climbs from No. 29 to No. 26, a new high point.
“One of the Girls” now ranks as the third-highest-charting hit single from a South Korean artist in the history of the Rhythmic Airplay chart. Jennie recently passed BTS, who have thus far earned just two placements on the tally. Until recently, Jennie’s hit ranked in fourth on this all-time list, but it has passed BTS’s “Butter” for good. That catchy pop smash peaked at No. 37 in 2021.
Only two tracks by South Korean artists sit ahead of “One of the Girls” at the moment. The record for the highest-rising single by a K-pop act in the history of the Rhythmic Airplay tally comes from Jung Kook. He’s named as a featured star on The Kid Laroi’s “Too Much” alongside hip-hop artist Central Cee. That tune has thus far climbed to No. 13, though this frame it’s down to No. 18.
Until just a few weeks ago, Psy’s “Gangnam Style” ruled as the top performer in this regard. The single rose all the way to No. 15 a decade ago. South Korean artists don’t often appear on the Rhythmic Airplay chart, so he didn’t face any competition for this bit of history for many years. Jung Kook recently grabbed that honor, and Jennie could be making a play for his spot as well.
“One of the Girls” is fronted by The Weeknd, whose presence is certainly helping the tune succeed. The track was written and recorded for the musician’s TV show The Idol. The cut was released while the program was being rolled out on HBO, but it didn’t become a big chart hit until months later. While the series has been canceled, “One of the Girls” lives on, giving The Weeknd, as well as featured artists Lily Rose Depp and Jennie, an important chart win.