"We saw great potential in the song and found the beat, which is the heart of the show"
The Weeknd has pulled the curtain back on how his new collaboration with Anitta became the highlight of last weekend’s São Paulo concert.
The singer-songwriter – real name Abel Tesfaye – performed a one-off gig in Brazil on Saturday (September 7), where he debuted several new songs that are thought to be from new album ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’.
Among them was a new track which is reportedly called ‘São Paulo’, for which he was joined by Brazilian pop star Anitta.
The Weeknd was last in the Brazilian city in October, performing at two sold-out nights at Allianz Parque as part of the ‘After Hours Til Dawn‘ tour.
According to a new interview with Billboard Brasil, US producer Mike Dean had asked Anitta for a vocal recording to complement the special performance, but the feature exceeded expectations and The Weeknd composed a song that became the centrepiece of his new show.
The artists have now revealed how they were able to pull off the huge moment. “Anitta is a great friend. What she sent was so awesome that we created the song,” shared The Weeknd.
“We knew it was too special to just play on stage. We saw great potential in the song and found the beat, which is the heart of the show,” he added.
THE WEEKND X ANITA pic.twitter.com/awLjS7zxli
— Jasper (@Jasp3r_0) September 8, 2024
Anitta also elaborated on her part in the collab: “I wrote some verses as a joke and never imagined they would become serious. Suddenly, I received the finished song. I loved it! I felt very honoured and flattered.”
“I’ve always been a big fan of his and his work. I never imagined this would happen, and now it’s a dream come true. It’s a little more Brazilian funk, as promised, around the world.”
During the Brazil show, The Weeknd also brought out Playboi Carti to play a number of songs.
The new tracks, set design and concert all serve as build up to his new album ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’, which will serve as the third and final chapter to the ongoing ‘After Hours’ and ‘Dawn FM’ trilogy.
Before the São Paulo concert, The Weeknd also unveiled the artwork for ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’ on social media.
In a four-star review of 2022’s ‘Dawn FM’, NME wrote that the album “feels like the first steps on a journey for The Weeknd to find peace with himself; perhaps next time we hear from him, he’ll be fully embracing the light of day”.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.