A huge new Fortnite Item Shop leak has hit the internet, and it has revealed that an incredibly rare skin is set to return this week.
The Fortnite Item Shop is one of the game's biggestdraws, which is great news for Epic, as the in-game store is perhaps the biggest part of its income. The fact that Fortnite has crossed over with superstars and grand properties alike – amounting to recent appearances from Karol G in a Fortnite Festival Pass, Pirates of the Caribbean cosmetics and an entire Marvel Battle Pass – has made the game into a true pop culture platform, with players wondering what could possibly be next to join the digital catwalk.
Thankfully, it looks like we don’t have to wait very long to find out, as it seems that a major leak has hit the internet to expose some of the new Fortnite Item Shop tabs that we can expect until next week, and it’s looking like we could get some major returning skins returning to the game.
A new leak shared on Twitter by @Hypex has revealed every new addition coming to the Fortnite Item Shop until Thursday, September 5, and it’s bringing some skins that have been absent for some time. The leak’s claims about yesterday and today’s item shop releases can be validated by checking Fortnite Item Shop, and it’s all perfectly legitimate, so we can expect everything predicted here to come to fruition in the shop!
There are some incredibly deep cuts in this reveal, like the Aero Axe Pickaxe which arrived in the game today after a huge 1,812 days, and the Trench Raider outfit that hasn’t appeared for 1,682 days. There’s a lot to be gathered by skin collectors over the next week, so it’s good news that the additions have been shared ahead of time so you can get your V-Bucks in order should you need to.
Here’s everything you can expect to see in the Fortnite Item Shop until Thursday, September 5 as well as every item that has appeared already, along with how long the item has been absent from the game since its last appearance. The Fortnite Item Shop refreshes daily at 12am UTC which is 1am BST / 8pm EDT / 5pm PDT but what's rotated out isn't known in advance so if there's a skin you have your eye on, be sure to get ot as soon as it drops.
The leak is a mixed bag for sure, with one skin appearing for the first time in years, and The Dude from Free Guy standing as a skin that nobody actually asked for. Bizarre though it may be, a leak like this is incredibly useful for collectors and dedicated fans, so that they can keep an eye on the cosmetics rolling through the Fortnite Item Shop.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.