The Weeknd was in the crowd at Kendrick Lamar’s latest concert, “The Pop-Out: Ken and Friends.”
On Wednesday, Dot hosted his Juneteenth show at Los Angeles’ Kia Forum—and Abel Tesfaye was seen turning up.
Also in attendance at the concert were LeBron James, Ayo Edebiri, and Rick Ross, who—including The Weeknd—rapped along to “Not Like Us,” according to ABC News. Lamar also played the chart-topping hit a total of six times.
The "Ken and Friends" show boasted performances from several heavyweights, including Tyler, the Creator, YG, Steve Lacy, and saw Black Hippy—Schoolboy Q, Ab-Soul, and Jay Rock—reunite. Dr. Dre also appeared on stage.
It’s not surprising that Tesfaye was at the concert. He and Drake have had their share of ups and downs over the years, and The Weeknd made his frustrations known on Future and Metro Boomin’s We Still Don’t Trust You album cut “All to Myself.”
“They could never diss my brothers, baby / When they got leaks in they operation / I thank God that I never signed my life away / And we never do the big talk / They shooters makin' TikToks,” Abel croons.
He takes several jabs at Drizzy in his feature, alluding to the fact that he didn’t sign with OVO in 2011, that there are “leaks” in OVO’s camp, and knocking Drake’s mob persona as a sham, as some have pointed out that his old bodyguard/artist Baka Not Nice has a penchant for making TikToks.
Of course, the 6 God retaliated on his song “Push Ups,” in which he came for The Weeknd’s management team. Drake fired again on “Family Matters,” and directly addressed the Dawn FM singer. Drake makes fun of Tesfaye for dissing him in a falsetto voice, makes more gay jokes about Tesfaye’s management, and more.
music | BY Jade Gomez
Kendrick Lamar Plays “Not Like Us” Six Times at ‘The Pop-Out'
style | BY Jose Martinez
Merch Seemingly Referencing Drake Beef and New Ho King Restaurant Spotted at Kendrick Lamar Concert
style | BY Jade Gomez
Kendrick Lamar Calls on Drake to ‘Give Me 2Pac’s Ring Back,’ Says He ‘Might’ Give Him a ‘Little Respect’ If He Does
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.