By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:42, 2 April 2024   |  Updated:  03:42, 3 April 2024   
 2
View  comments
The 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards delivered a star-studded spectacle, with the biggest names in the industry converging for an electrifying night of performances of the year's top hits, coupled with nostalgic throwbacks.
Taking over the stage at the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles on Monday, TLC, Cher, Justin Timberlake, Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson and many more artists brought the crowd to their feet with mesmerizing performances. 
The 12th annual celebration, hosted by Ludacris, kicked off with the NSYNC alum's mashup of Selfish and No Angels from his latest album, Everything I Thought It Was.
Following Timberlake, Cher belted out one of her biggest hits alongside Jennifer Hudson, while Jelly Roll and Lainey Wilson earned a standing ovation for their emotional duet. 
One of the biggest surprises of the evening came when TLC‘s Rozonda 'Chilli' Thomas and Tionne 'T-Boz' Watkins took the stage to perform Scrubs and Waterfalls — and they recruited hip-hop star Latto to fill in for their late bandmate Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopes. 
The 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards delivered a star-studded spectacle, with the biggest names in the industry converging for an electrifying night of performances of the year's top hits, coupled with nostalgic throwbacks.
The 12th annual celebration, hosted by Ludacris , kicked off with performances by Jelly Roll, Tate McCrae and Green Day
During Monday night's show, T-Boz and Chilli of TLC invited Latto to join them, seamlessly passing the torch despite the 25-year-old rapper being born years after the song's release in 1995. 
Following the tragic loss of Lisa Left Eye Lopes in a car accident in 2002, TLC chose to continue as a duo, never seeking to replace the irreplaceable rapper. 
Alongside their dynamic performance, TLC was honored with iHeartRadio Landmark Awards, recognizing their enduring impact and decades-long success in the music industry, marked by numerous radio airplay hits over their 30-year career. 
Meryl Streep, renowned for her role alongside Cher in the 1984 film Silkwood, paid tribute to her dear friend with heartfelt words before Cher's musical performance, as Cher was also the recipient of the night's Icon Award. 
'You know that Cher has had a No. 1 record in every one of the last seven decades,' Streep began. 
'She's the only woman in U.S. history to have done that. What does it take to have those kinds of legs, right? We all want to know. It's not 15 minutes of fame anymore. You're lucky to get seven seconds of somebody's fractured attention — never mind seven decades,' she told the crowd. 
Following a poignant video tribute to the iconic Strong Enough performer, Hudson took the stage, delivering a powerful rendition of Cher's If I Could Turn Back Time. 
As the excitement grew, Cher appeared on stage, performing "Believe" solo, before being joined by Hudson, 42, for a mesmerizing duet that left the audience awestruck. 
One of the biggest surprises of the evening came when TLC‘s Rozonda 'Chilli' Thomas and Tionne 'T-Boz' Watkins took the stage to perform Scrubs and Waterfalls 
They recruited hip-hop star Latto to fill in for their late bandmate Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopes
During Monday night's show, T-Boz and Chilli of TLC invited Latto to join them, seamlessly passing the torch despite the 25-year-old rapper being born years after the song's release in 1995
Following the tragic loss of Lisa Left Eye Lopes in a car accident in 2002, TLC chose to continue as a duo, never seeking to replace the irreplaceable rapper
Alongside their dynamic performance, TLC was honored with iHeartRadio Landmark Awards
Cher stands alongside an esteemed lineup of past icon award recipients, following in the footsteps of Pink, who was honored last year, and joining the ranks of esteemed A-listers such as Bon Jovi, Elton John, and Jennifer Lopez.
Jelly Roll and Lainey took to the stage for a raw rendition of their collaboration Save Me following Jelly Roll's double win for Best New Artist in both the pop and country categories. 
Amidst a backdrop of flickering candles, Jelly Roll commenced the performance solo, commanding the stage until he welcomed Wilson halfway through, where they seamlessly alternated verses. 
Following their mesmerizing performance, the country star stepped forward to deliver a heartfelt speech, expressing gratitude for the accolades bestowed upon him.
'I was thinking about it, "What does it mean when a guy like me gets the opportunity to be the new pop artist of the year?" It means that God will always use the least likely messenger with the biggest message every single time,' Jelly Roll told the crowd.
He concluded: 'You can take that to the bank, baby. I love you Jesus, and I love you Bunnie, my wife. Thank you for everything. My daughter, Bailee Ann, I hope you’re watching. I’m coming home, baby. We did it.'
Tate McCrae dazzled the audience with a vibrant mashup of her hit singles Greedy and Exes during the fan-voted award ceremony. 
Decked out in vibrant orange attire alongside two dancers clad in matching hues, McRae kicked off her performance with Greedy on a minimalist white stage.
Song of the Year:
'Kill Bill' - SZA - WINNER 
Innovator Award: Beyonce - WINNER
Pop Album of the Year:  Olivia Rodrigo, GUTS - WINNER
(New for 2024) Pop Song of the Year:
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus - WINNER
Artist of the Year:
Taylor Swift- WINNER
Beyonce wins the Innovator Award at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards
(New for 2024) Pop Artist of the Year:
Taylor Swift - WINNER
Innovator Award: Beyonce - WINNER
Icon Award: Cher - WINNER
Landmark Award: Green Day - WINNER
Duo/Group of the Year:
 OneRepublic - WINNER
The 12th annual event kicked off with the NSYNC alum's mashup of Selfish and No Angels from his latest album, Everything I Thought It Was
Timberlake pulled out his guitar for his show
Meryl Streep, renowned for her role alongside Cher in the 1984 film Silkwood, paid tribute to her dear friend with heartfelt words before Cher's musical performance, as Cher was also the recipient of the night's Icon Award
'You know that Cher has had a No. 1 record in every one of the last seven decades,' Streep began 
Following a poignant video tribute to the iconic Strong Enough performer, Hudson took the stage, delivering a powerful rendition of Cher's If I Could Turn Back Time
As the excitement grew, Cher appeared on stage, performing "Believe" solo, before being joined by Hudson, 42, for a mesmerizing duet that left the audience awestruck
She joined the ranks of esteemed A-listers such as Bon Jovi, Elton John, and Jennifer Lopez
'She's the only woman in U.S. history to have done that. What does it take to have those kinds of legs, right? We all want to know. It's not 15 minutes of fame anymore. You're lucky to get seven seconds of somebody's fractured attention — never mind seven decades,' Streep told the crowd
Hudson hit the high notes
Jelly Roll and Lainey took to the stage for a raw rendition of their collaboration Save Me following Jelly Roll's double win for Best New Artist in both the pop and country categories
Amidst a backdrop of flickering candles, Jelly Roll commenced the performance solo, commanding the stage
Jelly Roll welcomed Wilson halfway through, where they seamlessly alternated verses
Transitioning seamlessly into a remix of Exes, she was joined by additional dancers, captivating the audience with their dynamic and high-energy choreography. 
And Green Day commanded the stage with a powerhouse performance, showcasing two singles that epitomized their legendary, multi-decade career. 
The audience was entranced as they swayed to the infectious beat of Bobby Sox, a standout track from their latest album, Saviors. 
Then, lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong surprised everyone by seamlessly transitioning into the timeless anthem Basket Case from 1994.
Speaking with People ahead of the awards show, Ludacris raved:  'When it comes to iHeart, it's all about energy. It's all about [viewers] seeing their favorite artists. It's about blowing the roof off of this venue, man,' he said. 
'I think that it's just going to be fun because you have a great variety of people in here as well, so it should be good. And it's right after Easter, so come on, man.'
He explained he was looking forward to the 'variety' the show had to offer.
'I love that you got Jelly Roll on here, you got Lainey Wilson, you got Justin Timberlake. I'm not only hosting, but humbly speaking, I'm also performing. 
Tate McCrae dazzled the audience with a vibrant mashup of her hit singles Greedy and Exes during the fan-voted award ceremony
Decked out in vibrant orange attire alongside two dancers clad in matching hues, McRae kicked off her performance with Greedy on a minimalist white stage
Tate made sure to turn up the heat with her barely-there ensemble
Teaming up with T-Pain, Ludacris delivered electrifying renditions of hits like Yeah!, All I Do is Win, and Ludacris's timeless classic Move B****
'I just want to be a part of greatness. It's so much talent, so much energy and so much stuff to look forward to — and some surprises as well.' 
Teaming up with T-Pain, Ludacris delivered electrifying renditions of hits like Yeah!, All I Do is Win, and Ludacris's timeless classic Move B****. 
Meanwhile, SZA took the stage to accept multiple trophies — including the final prize of the night: song of the year for Kill Bill. 
Ice Spice was crowned hip-hop's new artist of the year, while Taylor Swift graciously accepted the artist of the year prize, along with five other awards, through a video message.
Song of the Year:
'Calm Down' - Rema and Selena Gomez
'Creepin'' - Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage
'Cruel Summer' - Taylor Swift
'Dance The Night' - Dua Lipa
'Fast Car' - Luke Combs
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus
'Kill Bill' - SZA - WINNER 
'Last Night'- Morgan Wallen
'Paint The Town Red' - Doja Cat
'vampire' - Olivia Rodrigo
Innovator Award: Beyonce - WINNER
Icon Award: Cher - WINNER
Landmark Award: Green Day - WINNER
Pop Album of the Year:  Olivia Rodrigo, GUTS - WINNER
(New for 2024) Pop Song of the Year:
'Calm Down' - Rema and Selena Gomez
'Cruel Summer' - Taylor Swift
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus - WINNER
'Kill Bill' - SZA
'vampire' - Olivia Rodrigo
(New for 2024) Pop Artist of the Year:
Doja Cat
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
SZA
Taylor Swift - WINNER
Artist of the Year:
Drake
Jelly Roll
Luke Combs
Miley Cyrus
Morgan Wallen
Olivia Rodrigo
Shakira
SZA
Taylor Swift- WINNER
Usher
Duo/Group of the Year:
(G)I-DLE
Blink-182
Dan + Shay
Fall Out Boy
Foo Fighters
Jonas Brothers
Måneskin
OneRepublic - WINNER
Paramore
Parmalee
Best Collaboration:
'All My Life' - Lil Durk ft. J. Cole
'Barbie World (with Aqua)' - Nicki Minaj and Ice Spice
'Boy's a liar Pt.2' - PinkPantheress and Ice Spice
'Calm Down'- Rema and Selena Gomez - WINNER
'Creepin'' - Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage
'Good Good' – Usher, Summer Walker and 21 Savage
'Rich Flex' - Drake and 21 Savage
'Thank God' - Kane Brown and Katelyn Brown
'Tomorrow 2' – GloRilla with Cardi B
'TQG' - Karol G and Shakira
Best New Artist (Pop):
David Kushner
Doechii
Jelly Roll - WINNER
Rema
Stephen Sanchez
Country Song of the Year:
'Fast Car' - Luke Combs
'Heart Like A Truck' - Lainey Wilson - WINNER
'Last Night' - Morgan Wallen
'Rock and A Hard Place' - Bailey Zimmerman
'Thank God' - Kane Brown and Katelyn Brown
Country Artist of the Year:
Jason Aldean
Jelly Roll
Lainey Wilson
Luke Combs
Morgan Wallen - WINNER
Best New Artist (Country):
Corey Kent
Jackson Dean
Jelly Roll - WINNER
Megan Moroney
Nate Smith
Hip-Hop Album of the Year
Metro Boomin - Heroes & Villians - WINNER
Hip-Hop Song of the Year:
'All My Life'- Lil Durk ft. J. Cole - WINNER
'fukumean'- Gunna
'Just Wanna Rock' - Lil Uzi Vert
'Rich Flex' - Drake and 21 Savage
'Tomorrow 2'- GloRilla with Cardi B
Hip-Hop Artist of the Year:
21 Savage
Drake - WINNER
Future
Gunna
Lil Durk
Best New Artist (Hip-Hop):
Doechii
Ice Spice - WINNER
Lola Brooke
Sexyy Red
Young Nudy
R&B Album of the Year:
SZA, SOS - WINNER
R&B Song of the Year:
'Creepin''- Metro Boomin with The Weeknd and 21 Savage
'CUFF IT'- Beyoncé
'Good Good' – Usher, Summer Walker and 21 Savage
'On My Mama' - Victoria Monét
'Snooze'- SZA - WINNER
R&B Artist of the Year:
Beyoncé
Brent Faiyaz
Chris Brown
SZA - WINNER
Usher
Best African Music Artist:
Burna Boy - WINNER
Rema
Tems
Tyla
Wizkid
Best New Artist (R&B):
Coco Jones
Fridayy
Kenya Vaun
October London
Victoria Monét - WINNER
Alternative Album of the Year
Boygenius - The Record — WINNER 
Alternative Song of the Year:
'Lost' - Linkin Park
'Love From The Other Side' - Fall Out Boy
'One More Time'- Blink-182 - WINNER
'Rescued'- Foo Fighters
'This Is Why'- Paramore
Alternative Artist of the Year:
Blink-182
Fall Out Boy - WINNER
Foo Fighters
Green Day
Paramore
Best New Artist (Alt and Rock):
Bad Omens
HARDY
Jelly Roll
Lovejoy
Noah Kahan - WINNER
Rock Album of the Year
Metallica - 72 Seasons - WINNER 
Rock Song of the Year:
'72 Seasons' - Metallica
'Dead Don't Die'- Shinedown
'Lost' - Linkin Park - WINNER
'Need A Favor' - Jelly Roll
'Rescued' - Foo Fighters
Rock Artist of the Year:
Disturbed
Foo Fighters - WINNER
Jelly Roll
Metallica
Shinedown
Dance Song of the Year:
'10:35'- Tiësto ft. Tate McRae
'Baby Don't Hurt Me' - David Guetta, Anne-Marie and Coi Leray
'Padam Padam' - Kylie Minogue
'Praising You' - Rita Ora ft. Fatboy Slim
'Strangers' - Kenya Grace - WINNER
Dance Artist of the Year:
Anabel Englund
David Guetta
Illenium
Kylie Minogue
Tiësto - WINNER
Latin Pop / Urban Song of the Year:
'La Bachata' - Manuel Turizo
'La Bebe (remix)' - Yng Lvcas and Peso Pluma
'Lala'- Myke Towers
'Shakira: Bzrp Music Sessions, Vol. 53'- Shakira and Bizarrap - WINNER
'TQG'- Karol G and Shakira
Latin Pop / Urban Artist of the Year:
Bad Bunny
Feid
Karol G - WINNER
Manuel Turizo
Shakira
Best New Artist (Latin Pop / Urban):
Bad Gyal
GALE
Mora
Yng Lvcas
Young Miko - WINNER
Regional Mexican Song of the Year:
'Bebe Dame'- Fuerza Regida and Grupo Frontera
'Ella Baila Sola' - Eslabon Armado and Peso Pluma - WINNER
'Indispensable' - Carin León
'Qué Onda Perdida' - Grupo Firme ft. Gerardo Coronel
'Qué Vuelvas'- Carin León and Grupo Frontera
Regional Mexican Artist of the Year:
Calibre 50
Carin León
El Fantasma
Grupo Frontera
Peso Pluma - WINNER
Best New Artist (Regional Mexican):
Gabito Ballesteros
Gerardo Coronel
Grupo Frontera
Junior H
Peso Pluma - WINNER
K-pop Album of the Year
Stray Kids - 5 Star - WINNER 
(New for 2024) K-pop Artist of the Year:
(G)I-DLE
Jung Kook - WINNER
NCT Dream
Seventeen
Stray Kids
(New for 2024) K-pop Song of the Year:
'Bouncy (K-Hot Chilli Peppers)' - ATEEZ
'Cupid (Twin Version)'- FIFTY FIFTY - WINNER
'S-Class' - Stray Kids
'Seven' Jung Kook ft. Latto
'Super Shy' - NewJeans
(New for 2024) Best New Artist (K-pop):
BOYNEXTDOOR
NewJeans - WINNER
RIIZE
xikers
ZEROBASEONE
Producer of the Year:
Carter Lang
Dan Nigro
Jack Antonoff - WINNER
Kid Harpoon
Rob Bisel
Metro Boomin
Songwriter of the Year:
Aldae
Ashley Gorley - WINNER
J Kash
Jack Antonoff
Michael Ross Pollack
Best Lyrics: *Socially Voted Category
'Dial Drunk'- Noah Kahan
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus
'Greedy'- Tate McRae
'Houdini'- Dua Lipa
'Is It Over Now? (Taylor's Version)'- Taylor Swift - WINNER
'Last Night'- Morgan Wallen
'Lovin On Me'- Jack Harlow
'Nonsense'- Sabrina Carpenter
'Paint The Town Red'- Doja Cat
'vampire'- Olivia Rodrigo
'Water'- Tyla
'What Was I Made For?'- Billie Eilish
Best Music Video: *Socially Voted Category
'3D'- Jung Kook ft. Jack Harlow
'Dance The Night'- Dua Lipa
'FLOWER'- JISOO
'Flowers'- Miley Cyrus
'I'm Good (Blue)' - Bebe Rexha and David Guetta
'Kill Bill'- SZA
'La Bebe (Remix)'- Yng Lvcas and Peso Pluma
'Paint The Town Red'- Doja Cat
'Seven'- Jung Kook ft. Latto - WINNER
'TQG'- Karol G and Shakira
'vampire'- Olivia Rodrigo
'What Was I Made For?'- Billie Eilish
Best Fan Army: *Socially Voted Category 
Agnation
ATINY
Barbz
Beyhive
BTS Army - WINNER
Harries
Livies
Louies
Niallers
Rushers
Selenators
Swifties
Social Star Award: *Socially Voted Category 
Alex Warren
David Kushner
Flyana Boss
Gracie Abrams - WINNER
Jessie Murph
Megan Moroney
Natalie Jane
Noah Kahan
Favorite Tour Photographer: *Socially Voted Category 
Alfredo Flores - Sabrina Carpenter
Anna Lee - Coldplay
Carianne Older - Charlie Puth
Catherine Powell - Kelsea Ballerini
Cynthia Parkhurst - Jonas Brothers
David Lehr - Morgan Wallen
Joshua Halling - Louis Tomlinson - WINNER
Mason Poole - Beyoncé
Matty Vogel - Misterwives
Ravie B - Adele
Ryan Fleming – 5 Seconds of Summer
Sanjay Parikh - Shinedown
Favorite On Screen (New for 2024): *Socially Voted Category
'j-hope IN THE BOX' - WINNER
'Love To Love You, Donna Summer'
Louis Tomlinson 'All of Those Voices'
'Prince: The Final Secret'
'Renaissance: A Film by Beyoncé'
'Save Me' Jelly Roll
'Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour'
'TLC Forever'
TikTok Bop of the Year: *Socially Voted Category 
'Boy's a liar Pt. 2'- PinkPantheress and Ice Spice
'Collide (Sped Up Remix)'- Justine Skye
'Cruel Summer'- Taylor Swift - WINNER
'Cupid (Twin Version)'- FIFTY FIFTY
'Daylight'- David Kushner
'Her Way (Sped Up)'- Party Next Door
'If We Ever Broke Up'- Mae Stephens
'Paint The Town Red'- Doja Cat
'Water'- Tyla
'What It Is (Solo Version)'- Doechii
'What Was I Made For?'- Billie Eilish
Favorite Tour Style: *Socially Voted Category 
Beyoncé
Carrie Underwood
Doja Cat
Elton John
Harry Styles
Jonas Brothers
Madonna
Måneskin
Sabrina Carpenter
Shania Twain
SZA
Taylor Swift - WINNER
Favorite Debut Album (New for 2024): *Socially Voted Category
GOLDEN - Jung Kook
In Pieces- Chlöe
Layover - V - WINNER
Lucky- Megan Moroney
Mirror - Lauren Spencer Smith
My 21st Century Blues - Raye
Religiously - Bailey Zimmerman
Snow Angel - Reneé Rapp
Tyler Hubbard - Tyler Hubbard
For &ldquo;Electifying&rdquor; performances, swap ...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group