By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:03, 28 December 2024   |  Updated:  21:32, 28 December 2024   
 89
View  comments
Heidi Klum is enjoying her snowy mountain Christmas getaway in Aspen, Colorado with her husband Tom Kaulitz.
The America's Got Talent judge, 51, shared a playful video to her Instagram in which she wore a burgundy bra and matching thong as she stood out on the deck of the chalet.
Her long, blonde hair was down and tousled as if she had just gotten out of bed.
In the recording, the former Project Runway host made snowballs and threw them at the cameraman, presumably her husband.
She laughed as she braved the chilly weather nearly naked.
Heidi and Tom, who tied the knot in 2019, have been making the most of their holiday, spending time at the resort with Heidi’s four children: Leni, 20, Henry, 18, Johan, 17, and Lou, 14. 
Heidi Klum is enjoying her snowy mountain Christmas getaway in Aspen, Colorado with her husband Tom Kaulitz 
The supermodel, Tom and her children have been soaking up the snowy magic at the famed Buttermilk Ski Resort, a playground for the rich and famous.
Known for its star-studded appeal, Buttermilk has previously hosted celebrities like Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner, Mariah Carey, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
In a heartwarming twist, Heidi and her eldest daughter, Leni, were recently spotted swapping outfits in their winter wonderland retreat.
The 20-year-old, who is also carving her own path in the modeling world, has been sharing her mom’s wardrobe—something Heidi couldn’t be more thrilled about.
'I get so excited when I see my daughters re-wearing my clothes,' Klum shared in with People in November.
'My eldest daughter, she also is a model, and she goes to events and when she wears my clothes I’m not just proud but we can upcycle.'
The L’Oréal Paris ambassador is a vocal advocate for sustainable fashion, adding, 'I’m passing clothes down to my kids. I think it’s so important also to keep wearing your things. 
'I think in the past, we’d wear something once and then we’d never wear it again, and it’s so wrong to do.'
The America's Got Talent judge, 51, shared a playful video to her Instagram in which she wore a burgundy bra and thong panty as she stood out on the deck of the chalet
Her long, blonde hair was down and tousled as if she had just gotten out of bed
The Project Runway host made snowballs and threw them at the cameraman, presumably her husband
Heidi's family holiday comes after the model came under fire for filming her daughter Leni in sexy lingerie for an advert for the bra brand Intimissimi.
The star joined her daughter for an underwear-clad Instagram clip in which she filmed her daughter modeling a see-through bra as she pouted for the camera.
The pair started off the video clad in red satin loungewear with Heidi flashing her bra before unpacking a camera.
The former VS angel then stripped down to a red bra and flaunted her toned frame before the mother and daughter embraced on the couch.
'Like if every woman is so thin and wearing this could also be so unnecessary to make this commercial,' one comment translated from German read.
Far more critical as they shamed the duo, another replied: 'It is disgusting old mom there wearing underwear together.'
More fans complimented Heidi and Leni on the beautiful photos and shared kind comments before the model disabled commenting. 
'Simply BEAUTIFUL,' one user aptly wrote. 
She laughed as she played nearly naked in the snow, clearly enjoying the ridiculousness of it all
Earlier in the week, Heidi hit the slopes in a whimsical hat featuring long rabbit ears
Heidi hasn't held her tongue when it comes to clapping back at the trolls criticizing her lingerie shoots with her eldest daughter. 
She's called working with Leni 'fun,' and expressed 'gratitude for our beautiful relationship.'
'To do photoshoots together with her and just to see how she's just very comfortable and also comfortable around me even when we're doing underwear shoots or something like that,' she told DailyMail.com.
'It makes me proud that my daughter is super comfortable in her skin also in front of me and around me because not every kid is in the world.
'So, I love that we have this beautiful relationship.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group