By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  15:25, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  15:33, 1 July 2024   
 30
View  comments
Australian glamour model Sahara Ray, who is best known for her rumoured fling with Canadian pop star Justin Bieber in 2016, flaunted a very raunchy new tattoo on Monday.
The daughter of Aussie surfer Tony Ray took to Instagram to post a very revealing snap as she stripped down to a tiny gold bikini.
Leaving very little to the imagination, the blonde, 31, posed up a storm in the barely there swimmers as she showed off a very large cross etched into the skin by her crotch.
Donning a cowboy hat over her tresses, Sahara gave a sultry look to the camera as she adjusted her bikini top and zoomed in on her toned frame in the salacious clip.
The OnlyFans performer often shares racy photos of herself online, with a previous photo shoot showing her strike a number of suggestive poses in tight swimwear. 
Sahara, who went to rehab for drug and alcohol abuse in December 2021, wore her hair out in dreadlocks and completed her look with a large black crucifix necklace. 
In her caption, Sahara informed her followers that new bikini styles were now available in her online store just in time for summer. 
However, many followers appeared more concerned about Sahara's health, with one commenting: 'Hope you're feeling better queen. You got this.' 
Australian glamour model Sahara Ray, 31, (pictured) flaunted a very raunchy new tattoo on Monday as she stripped down to a tiny gold bikini
'Praying for your healing mama,' another commented, as someone else asked: 'How are you feeling?' 
While it's unclear what exactly the comments were referring to, it isn't the first time Sahara has sparked concern among her followers. 
Last year, Sahara shared a confronting photo shoot that led to fears her partying lifestyle is getting out of control.
Back in March 2023, Sahara uploaded a gallery of Instagram photos in which she posed topless on a bed holding a prop assault rifle.
The OnlyFans performer often shares racy photos of herself online
She dressed provocatively in a schoolgirl skirt as she writhed alongside rapper Chris Miles, 24, who has multiple face tattoos.
Sitting on a table in the background was a canister of nitrous oxide, known as a 'nang' in Australia and a 'whippet' in the United States. 
These canisters are usually used as whipped-cream chargers, but can also be used to inhale nitrous oxide for the purposes of getting high.
Users briefly experience symptoms such as dizziness, uncontrollable laughter, and hallucinations. 
 Sahara rose to fame in August 2016 when she was caught by the paparazzi skinny dipping with Justin Bieber (right) in Hawaii 
However, people can die from using nangs as too much can cause a heart attack.
Daily Mail Australia is not suggesting Sahara or Chris inhaled the nangs. 
In one photo, Chris was seen roughly squeezing Sahara's face, while in another he was pictured kissing her neck on the bed.
Many of Sahara's followers expressed concern in the comments section, with one writing: 'What happened to you?' while another added: 'Darling, we can do better.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group