To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that
                supports HTML5 video

RACINE, Wis. (CBS 58) -- A hometown girl is making a splash in Hollywood!
From a young age, it was obvious Liamani Segura was full of  talent. Born and raised in Racine, Segura started singing as soon as she could  talk!
Just after turning 16 years old in October, Segura signed a record  deal with Def Jam. The label has signed household names like Justin Bieber,  Rihanna and LL Cool J and more.
"When I was six, I never imagined that this was going to  happen you know," said Segura. "I always had big dreams, but  it's just crazy."
Segura says she started sharing her gift with the world at just  6-years-old.
"I started singing for the Bucks game," said Segura.  "The Bucks game was like my first ever big crowd. I was 6 years old, and I  remember I was so nervous. I was literally like crying, like I was so nervous,  and I sang, and I loved it and everyone kept calling me back and everyone was  calling me the good luck charm for the bucks."
From there, Segura kept practicing, performing the National Anthem  in front of large crowds for University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee, Marquette  University, Milwaukee Bucks and Milwaukee Brewers games.
"When I got out there, something clicked for me," said  Segura. "As soon as I started singing, all the nerves went away and after  the crowd always went crazy and that was always my favorite part."
Her parents, Anthony Segura and Joanna Stinson, say her continued  hard work and determination allowed her to rise to new heights.
"It's been incredible to watch her grow from a super timid  scared baby to what she is now, so confident I love it," said Stinson.
From the new record deal, to releasing her first single and even  starring in the hit Disney-Plus show, High School Musical: The Musical: The  Series, she says she wouldn’t be where she is without support from her  hometown.
"I always want to make them proud," said Segura.  "You know that’s my number one goal is to always make my people proud back  in Racine and Wisconsin. I always look back and I'm like that’s where I came  from."
Her hometown fans are still rooting for her.
"Amazing," said Segura's cousin Tracy Garcia Bernal.  "Every time I hear her songs it's just goosebumps. I get goosebumps every  time I hear her and a tear here and there, so I'm so proud of her."
Racine native, Holly Mae Garcia says she holds the title of  Segura's biggest fan!
"She knows I'm her biggest fan," said Garcia. "I'm  her number one and I'm the only one with a tattoo of her that she wrote. She  made and did the bubble letters and everything and I got it."
Garcia says Segura's Youtube covers, and breathtaking vocals  brought her out of a dark place.
"She's an inspiration to all of the kids in Racine,"  said Garcia. "It shows you that no dream is too hard to achieve if you put  your mind to it."
Grateful for the support, Segura says her fans can expect more  acting and music as she's planning to release a six song EP.
"Oh my god, the journey thus far has been so amazing,"  said Segura. "I just feel like this is my year you know what I'm saying.  I'm just ready to take off and show the world what I've got and I'm so excited  to be here "
Hopeful for what's to come and thankful for her roots.
"That's my hometown," said Segura. "I love Racine, it will always be my place."