Manage your account
Though people gathered around their TV screens to watch Super Bowl LVIII — in which the Kansas City Chiefs eked out a 25-22 victory over the San Francisco 49ers in an overtime thriller — much of the discussion about the Super Bowl ads, on-field plays, unexpected moments and celebrity appearances happened online.
From memes about Taylor Swift chugging a drink to Travis Kelce yelling at his coach to Usher's halftime show and Beyoncé announcing new music, we compiled the best internet moments of the night.
Footage from the Super Bowl afterparty broke out into a number of different memes the day after the big game. Jason Kelce danced in overalls. Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce sang her songs “Love Story” and “You Belong With Me” to each other. Whether chaotic or cute, fans found a way to harness the magic of all these viral moments.
The Kansas City tight end hyped up the crowd with a (slightly musical) speech while his pop star girlfriend cheered him on, much to the delight of Swift’s fans online. They shared a long embrace on camera, and the photos immediately started going viral.
Shots of the pop star’s reaction to the game have been a staple this football season. Whether she’s looking annoyed, nervous or just chugging her drink, Taylor Swift is seemingly always ripe for meme treatment from her fans.
A flustered Travis Kelce got heated in a brief conversation with his coach, grabbing his arm and yelling. Though some fans were concerned, others made jokes about the quick but emotional exchange, imagining what Kelce might have been saying to Reid.
Footage of Usher’s performance at a 2022 NPR Music Tiny Desk Concert went viral again as fans reacted to his halftime greatest hits medley. In the clip, Usher mouths “watch this” while gesturing toward his eyes.
The superstar sent fans into a frenzy after teasing new music in a Verizon ad, which she confirmed shortly afterward. She posted on Instagram that Renaissance Part II will come out on March 29 and released two new singles.
One of kids' favorite TV channels just can’t stop going viral. The SpongeBob-themed Super Bowl broadcast featured appearances from fictionalized celebrities like “Herring Styles” and “Billie Eelish.”
Fans were gearing up for an appearance by Justin Bieber during Usher’s Super Bowl halftime show. Usher was Bieber’s mentor at the beginning of his career, and the two collaborated on the song “Somebody to Love” in 2010. Bieber was spotted in Las Vegas with the Kardashians, but he didn’t take the stage.
While Taylor Swift and Blake Lively were celebrating a play on the field, Ice Spice struck a pose and looked directly at the camera, becoming a meme for the second time tonight.
The broadcast of the big game on the children’s TV channel has a number of iconic cartoon references, including sideline reporter Sandy Cheeks and commentator SpongeBob SquarePants. One of the most frequently memed shots shows Kelce identified as Swift’s boyfriend, rather than the Kansas City Chiefs tight end.
Taylor Swift made it to boyfriend Travis Kelce’s big game with plenty of time to spare — and celebrity pals in tow. A viral photo shows Swift with rapper Ice Spice, known for her bright orange afro, chatting with Travis’s brother, Jason Kelce. It became a meme as people shared what they imagined the artist and football player chatted about.
Viewers streaming the Super Bowl on Paramount+ joked about how they had trouble with their feeds frequently pausing and crashing, using memes to express their frustration.
Read more from Yahoo Entertainment:
Yahoo Super Bowl Commercial