Justin Bieber is reportedly "in a hard place right now".
A source spoke to Us Weekly and said: “Justin is in a hard place mentally right now. He has such a history with Diddy and the allegations against him have been hard to process.”
One source, separate to the first, claimed that Bieber is “completely disgusted” by Diddy’s scandal and alleged the singer has been “advised” to “stay as far away as possible” from all things related to Combs.
READ MORE: 'I've been reporting on P Diddy's sex scandal - here's what floored me the most'
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
A third source also told the publication that the One Less Lonely Girl singer is focussed on spending time with his wife Hailey and their newborn son, Jack. “His happiness being a dad has outweighed his anxiety about Diddy,” they claimed, before stating that Justin wants “nothing to do” with the scandal.
“It’s in his past and that’s where he wants to leave it.”
Although Bieber is trying to distance himself from the ordeal, pictures and videos of the pair together have been circulating online since Diddy’s arrest. Sean Combs was arrested in New York City on 16 September and charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution.
Diddy “categorically denies” all of the allegations made against him. When Bieber was younger, he and Diddy spent a lot of time together as the rapper took young Justin under his wing.
In a resurfaced video, Combs and a teenage Bieber can be seen speaking in front of the camera as the I’ll Be Missing You singer says: “Where we hanging out and what we doing we can’t really disclose, but it’s definitely a 15-year-old’s dream. We gonna go full buck crazy.”
Another clip of the pair together has left eyebrows raised. While on Jimmy Kimmel Live in 2011, Sean warns Justin that he “knows better than to be talking about the things that he does with big brother Puff” during an uncomfortable interview segment.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.