Paddy McGuinness ducked going the full monty for his new TV show worrying cold weather would not do him justice.
The TV and radio entertainer turned down excited Scandinavians offer to join them naked in a sauna.
Paddy declined to hang freely with Swedish senior citizens on his new TV series.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
The Bolton lad, who famously named his manhood Little Paddy, played it safe on Paddy and Chris: Road Tripping as he worried about his features after “a cold plunge.”
Co-host Chris Harris admitted he was wary of taking his kit off as he had piled on some pounds before the shoot.
Audiences watched them start in Sweden, where they enjoyed the Nordic “friluftsliv” which consists in getting back to nature & embracing the great outdoors.
Chris said: “And they were very keen to be naked. And I was aware of the fact they wanted to see our bits. They didn’t think we were showing them enough. “
Paddy reacted: “We don’t want to be going full nude after we come out of a cold plunge, because that’s not a good look.
“That’s a British thing, isn’t it? Because out there, to them they were like, come on, get your shorts off. And we’re like, oh, we’re a bit more reserved aren’t we?”
Paddy added of his “hour in a sauna with about eight or nine naked men, the youngest of which was about 78 years of age.”
“So you can imagine what that looked like.
I nearly got the iron out halfway through. I didn’t realize they were naked “
Chris joked: “I’ve not had that. I’ve not had that since I had PE class at my boarding school. “
Chris added on Paddy’s Radio 2 show: “But the whole point of that was there’s an equality to being in the outdoors. Scandinavian nations have this sense of equality.
“Ultimately, it doesn’t matter how rich or poor you are, where you work, that you should be treated the same by society.
“And this group of old men go to this sauna; and have done every week for 35 years.
“Some of them are very rich and are very poor, but when they’re in the sauna, they’re all equal.
“And by that I mean everything is drooping to the same level. “
Chris admitted he was self conscious about peeling his clothes off at times.
“I laugh at Pad on a daily basis and obviously we send each other very rude messages, but pad’s always keeping fit. Pad is got his gym in his mansion and I have got gym and I have become, since Top Gear, I’ve become an even fatter man. And I turned up to do this show in an absolute state. So I apologize.
“I apologize now for the way I look. It’s better now. And by Christmas I’ll be back to where I was. But I was, as Patrick was willing to remind me, quite a chubby little man,
“Every time I took my shirt off, he laughed. “
In the past Paddy spoke about he would never show his “little Paddy” in comedy social videos
Paddy reflected on how he is very careful not to flash his privates when he teases fans with his shower videos on social media.
For the latest breaking news and stories from across the globe from the Daily Star, sign up for our newsletters.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.