Justin and Hailey Bieber have welcomed their first child—and Baby Biebs already has more in common with his dad than just DNA.
On August 23, Justin Bieber announced their son’s birth on Instagram, sharing a photo of the newborn’s foot being held by Hailey’s French-manicured hand. “WELCOME HOME,” the 30-year-old pop star captioned the snap before revealing his son’s name: Jack Blues Bieber.
Yes, we have another “JB” in the house. But it gets even more sentimental than that. Not only does Jack share his first and last initials with his father, but he also shares them with at least three other family members. That’s right, Jack also shares initials with his grandfather, Jeremy Bieber, as well as Justin’s teenage half-siblings, Jazmyn and Jaxon.
Beyond that, Jack also happens to be Jeremy Bieber’s middle name, according to People. While that’s the last obvious connection, it’s possible Jack's own middle name, Blues, was chosen in honor of Justin’s youngest half-sibling, Bay Bieber, whom Jeremy welcomed with wife Chelsey Rebelo in 2018, breaking the “JB” tradition. If so, that would be incredibly sweet.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Hailey Bieber announced her pregnancy with a stunning photo and video shoot back in May. “I probably could have hid it until the end, but I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly,” she told ABC News in July. “I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.”
While Hailey hasn’t posted a photo of Jack Blues Bieber on her Instagram grid yet, her fans can probably expect plenty of updates about her life as a new mom. That being said, she may take a page out of bestie Kylie Jenner’s book and wait a bit before posting her son to her feed. After all, the 27-year-old model has previously expressed concerns about her future children facing online bullying.
“I want kids so bad but I get scared,” she told The Sunday Times in May 2023. “It’s enough that people say things about my husband or my friends. I can’t imagine having to confront people saying things about a child.” Hailey continued, “We can only do the best we can to raise them. As long as they feel loved and safe.”
Hopefully Jack Blues Bieber will receive nothing but love and well-wishes when Hailey Bieber does decide to share more with the world.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices