Whenever we can tie the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA)
to a Justin Bieber song, you know that we will, especially one as
catchy as "Stay" (Cannon's words, not Dan's). Any
company that engages with consumers over the phone, whether that be
by call or text message, should be aware of the TCPA and its myriad
compliance requirements. Some believe that, with the Supreme
Court's 2021 Facebook, Inc. v. Duguid decision, which
narrowly construed what constitutes an "automatic telephone
dialing system," i.e., an autodialer, TCPA cases no
longer are being filed. Quite the opposite. TCPA complaints still
continue to pour in against many well-intentioned companies. The
plaintiffs' bar, however, has pivoted away from autodialer
claims to do not call allegations, i.e., that plaintiffs
received telemarketing calls or marketing text messages on their
cell phones while their numbers were listed on the National Do Not
Call Registry, or after they had requested that a specific company
stop placing such calls or sending such text messages. In either
case, one of the core liability issues is whether or not a cell
phone number is a "residential" one for purposes of the
TCPA's do not call rules. The answer is important because, if a
cell phone is not residential, then a do not call claim fails.
To set the stage, different sections of the TCPA expressly treat
communications to cellular and residential telephones differently.
Section 227(c)(5), the TCPA's do not call provision, governs
only violations of the FCC's regulations promulgated to
"protect residential telephone
subscribers' privacy rights to avoid receiving telephone
solicitations to which they object." The Federal
Communications Commission (FCC), in turn, implemented certain
regulations related to the statute's do not call provisions,
such as establishing the National Do Not Call Registry on which
consumers could place their residential
telephone numbers, and regulations that require telemarketers to
honor consumers' entity-specific do not call requests. These
entity-specific do not call regulations prohibit telemarketing
calls to "[a] residential telephone
subscriber" who has requested that marketing
telecommunications from a specific company stop. Many courts have
held that a cell phone is not a "residential" line under
the TCPA. But others have reached the opposite conclusion based
largely on a 2003 FCC order in which the agency interpreted the
TCPA such that cell phones can be "residential" telephone
lines for purposes of the do not call rules depending on the facts.
Those courts have held that, under the Hobbs Act, they are bound by
the FCC's conclusion. The case-by-case nature of the inquiry
can make obtaining dismissal or an early summary judgment ruling
difficult. Courts generally want discovery, and plaintiffs know
that the litigation economics are such that the high and asymmetric
discovery costs typically borne by putative class action defendants
can be leveraged into high-dollar settlements of even baseless or
meritless claims.
So, what is a TCPA class action defendant to do? Well, the
answer may lie in a recent under-the-radar paperless order issued
by the Northern District of Georgia in October 2024. More
specifically, in Loudermilk v. Maelys Cosmetics USA Inc.,
No. 1:24-cv-01866-AT, Paperless Order (N.D. Ga. Oct. 15, 2024), a
do not call case arising out of text messages sent to a cell phone,
the court sua sponte stayed the litigation pending
resolution of the Supreme Court's resolution of McLaughlin
Chiropractic Assocs., Inc. v. McKesson Corp., No. 23-1226 (S.
Ct.) and/or until the Eleventh Circuit addresses the petition for
interlocutory appeal recently filed in Kendo Holdings, Inc. v.
Radvansky, No. 24-90026 (11th Cir.). The issue in both
McLaughlin and Kendo Holdings is whether the
Hobbs Act requires a district court to blindly accept and rigidly
apply the FCC's interpretations of the TCPA, including the
agency's 2003 order concluding that cell phones can be
residential under certain circumstances. The Loudermilk
court recognized the potentially dispositive nature of the answer
to that question, and, implicitly, the practical reality that
judicial and party time and resources might be wasted, and that the
court risks reaching a merits conclusion that is wrong as a matter
of law if it allowed the case to proceed.
McLaughlin is set for oral argument in just under two
months—January 21, 2025; the Kendo Holdings
appellant seeks, among other things, to file a writ of certiorari
to the Supreme Court to have that appeal reviewed in tandem with
McLaughlin. The McLaughlin decision likely will
be entered by early July 2025, in accordance with the Supreme
Court's customary practice of deciding cases within the same
term that they are heard, which usually concludes in June or July
each year.
Despite Bieber's refrain that "I told you I'd
change, even when I knew I never could," courts can and should
stay TCPA do not call cases pending McLaughlin and/or
Kendo Holdings. And savvy defendants should be seeking
such relief, for the Supreme Court may well give courts the ability
to reach the conclusion that a cell phone cannot be a residential
line under the TCPA's do not call rules—a
"changed" outcome that courts previously might have found
they could never reach.
The content of this article is intended to provide a general
guide to the subject matter. Specialist advice should be sought
about your specific circumstances.
Connecting Knowledge & People
POWERED BY MONDAQ AI
© Mondaq® Ltd  1994 - 2025. All Rights Reserved
Mondaq uses cookies on this website. By using our website you agree to our use of cookies as set out in our Privacy Policy.