The Rhode founder paired a black lace bodysuit with a black leather jacket while in New York City
Donato Sardella/Getty; Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Hailey Bieber is channeling her dark side.

 On Saturday, June 22, the model, 27 — who is currently pregnant with her first baby — shared a post on her Instagram Stories of herself wearing a black lace outfit.

 In the photo, Bieber posed in a black lace bodysuit that accentuated her baby bump. She accessorized the dress with black sunglasses and a small black purse, while wearing her hair in a messy bun.

 The Rhode founder wore a black leather jacket over the gothic look when spotted on the streets of New York City.

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 In May, Hailey and husband Justin Bieber announced they are expecting their first baby together through a sweet post on Instagram that showed Hailey holding a bouquet of flowers and showing off her growing baby bump.

 Justin's mom, Pattie Mallette, shared an Instagram Reel following their announcement, expressing her excitement.

 "So I have been waiting for this day. And now that they have shared it, I can finally celebrate with y'all, and oh my gosh, I'm gonna be a grandma," she said in the video.

Gotham/GC Images
 The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

 Shortly after, Hailey’s uncle, Billy Baldwin, spoke exclusively to PEOPLE about his growing family. "I really feel like there's no higher calling than that responsibility," he said of Hailey and Justin, 30, becoming parents. 

 The couple originally wed in a lowkey courthouse ceremony in September 2018, before exchanging vows in a larger ceremony in South Carolina the following year.

 Throughout Hailey’s pregnancy, she’s been proudly showing off her baby bump. 

 Earlier this month, the mother-to-be posed in a mirror selfie while wearing baggy black trousers and a slightly cropped, striped shirt. She paired the look with a black leather shoulder bag, matching sunnies and one of Rhode’s viral phone cases.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

 Prior to that, she shared photos of her latest campaign with Yves Saint Laurent, and revealed that she had been carrying her child for months when she shot with the brand.

 "Shot this 4 months preggy with little bean in my belly,” she wrote while sharing a snap of the campaign on her Instagram Stories. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)