🦁 + 🐟 = ❓❓❓
What happens when a lion and a fish fall in love? Is there a way for this odd couple to have a happily ever after, even though they’re so different? What if I tell you I’m not talking about a literal lion and an actual fish, but a Leo and a Pisces? Let’s get into it:
Dates: July 23 to August 22
Element: Fire
Modality: Fixed
Ruler: The Sun
Tarot card: Strength
Represented by: The lion
Famous Leos: Kylie Jenner, Jennifer Lopez, Ben Affleck, Meghan Markle, Daniel Radcliffe, Sandra Bullock, Viola Davis, Chris Hemsworth, Jason Momoa, Jennifer Lawrence, Andrew Garfield, Maya Rudolph, Cara Delevingne, Charli xcx, Dua Lipa, Halle Berry, Madonna
Dates: February 19 to March 20
Element: Water
Modality: Mutable
Ruler: Jupiter (traditional) and Neptune (modern)
Tarot card: The Moon
Represented by: The fishes
Famous Pisces: Rihanna, Olivia Rodrigo, Bad Bunny, Trevor Noah, Elliot Page, Lupita Nyong’o, Justin Bieber, Queen Latifah, Millie Bobby Brown, Kumail Nanjiani, Drew Barrymore, Oscar Isaac, Olivia Wilde, Jhené Aiko, Camilla Cabello, Jameela Jamil
Leo and Pisces are incredibly different. Leo is a fire sign, and Pisces is a water sign. Leo is a fixed sign, and Pisces is a mutable sign. And like I said, Leo is represented by the lion, and Pisces by the fish. Translation: Leo is outgoing, super-social, and love the spotlight; Pisces is more introverted, preferring to work behind the scenes. Leo is very firm in their beliefs and even stubborn, while Pisces is more open-minded and flexible. However, there is one important personality trait these two share: they’re two of the most creative signs of the zodiac.
Leo and Pisces can actually form a very rewarding friendship, especially if they can bond over a shared creative interest like music, art, or acting. They challenge each other creatively, and together they can reach new artistic heights. Personality-wise, they’re very different, but in ways that help each other grow. Leo can help Pisces become a little more confident and social, while Pisces can help Leo calm down and appreciate the little things. 
Leo and Pisces are two of the signs that are the best in bed, and—lucky them—it’s in ways that totally complement each other. Leo has exactly the right combination of being both self-centered and generous, meaning they’re totally dedicated to their partner’s pleasure, but also very happy receiving it. As for Pisces, that open-minded and flexible POV they have on life totally applies to sex as well. They’re naturally curious about everything, which means they would like to try every kink, sex position, role play scenario, sex toy, etc. that you can think of.  
Leo and Pisces aren’t a couple that most astrologers would automatically put together, simply because they don’t have a lot in common. But if they can find shared interests, values, and goals, these two can make it work long-term. Leo is incredibly loyal to their loved ones and loves to shower their lovers in praise, gifts, rose petals, etc. Pisces is just as romantic and creative as Leo and will write poems for their lion lover. In order to make a relationship work, these two will just need to honor each other’s different social batteries: Leo’s is never-ending, while Pisces’s is drained quickly. If they’re both happy in a situation where Leo can go out with friends while Pisces stays home and journals/paints/catches up on sleep, this can be a very rewarding relationship. 
That relationship advice applies doubly to a marriage or another long-term commitment. However, there’s something else these two need to look out for long-term: Leo is so stubborn and so confident that there’s a chance that they can overpower shyer, more flexible Pisces when it comes to arguments and disagreements. Over time, this can lead to built-up resentment. Leo needs to make sure that they’re giving Pisces’s opinions just as much importance as their own, and Pisces needs to make sure that they’re speaking up and letting Leo know how they feel.
Still together:
Broken up:
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.