Usher performs during halftime of the NFL Super Bowl 58 football game between the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, in Las Vegas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)AP
Usher’s blazing Super Bowl halftime show performance was many things Sunday night: Flashy, flirty, fun — a Vegas-in-space, galactic-glam spectacle for the ages that somehow involved roller skates.
But most of all the thrill and propulsion of Usher’s halftime setlist was overdue. Sure, pop fans deflated a bit when it was confirmed Taylor Swift — seemingly revved and ready, in mid-season Eras Tour form — would not be playing the largest stage on Earth (again) in favor of a bygone star who hasn’t produced a major hit in over a decade.
Truly, Usher should’ve been given his own halftime show back then, around 2012 — when his last No. 1 album, “Looking 4 Myself,” was released and recent dance hits like “DJ Got Us Fallin’ In Love” and “OMG” were still top of mind (no, his brief 2011 appearance with The Black Eyed Peas doesn’t count). Even then it would’ve been considered a victory lap for the world-beating success of his earlier work, particularly his diamond-certified “Confessions” album (2004), which produced four No. 1 singles and exalted the Atlanta singer as the defining R&B artist of his generation.
Usher performs during halftime of the NFL Super Bowl 58 football game between the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, in Las Vegas.AP
But hey, better late than never, especially as the eight-time Grammy winner’s influence has permeated pop-heartthrob culture ever since — it’s difficult to imagine Drake’s success without Usher. And you’ll recall who helped launch a Canadian kid named Justin Bieber.
Usher, 45, made up for lost time Sunday night under the searing Vegas spotlight, unleashing an exhilarating and largely seamless barrage of time-tested hits. While many halftime shows feel stunted by, well, the stunts, Usher’s onslaught felt well-rehearsed and lively — no showing since Lady Gaga in 2017 has felt so organic and human.
The only moment where Usher felt a bit stiff was in the opening segment, as he performed directly on the field, no stage (yet) within a sea of sequined and feathered dancers — easy homages to old Sin City and a bit of added comfort for the star, who just wrapped in December his sold-out, year-long residency at Park MGM, about a mile up the strip. Here on the turf, Usher plowed through a medley of old-school jams “Caught Up” and “You Don’t Have to Call” before trotting onto a proper stage. “Hey mama, we made it,” he called to the camera, flashing his million-dollar grin.
On the main stage, Usher found his first special guest of the 12-minute affair, fellow R&B star Alicia Keys, draped in a gorgeous crimson to match her grand piano as she wailed her own hit “If I Ain’t Got You.” Usher picked up the last harmonies before the duo launched into their 2004 No. 1 duet “My Boo,” matched by a sexy slink down the stage’s catwalk. Keys was a terrific pairing choice; poised, powerful and, like Usher, familiar to a mainstream audience. I doubt there were many “who’s that”s in that moment.
Usher, left, and Alicia Keys perform during halftime of the NFL Super Bowl 58 football game between the San Francisco 49ers and the Kansas City Chiefs on Sunday, Feb. 11, 2024, in Las Vegas.AP
The butter-smooth ballads rolled on from here as Usher reclaimed the solo stage, working through sweaty snippets of “Confessions,” “Burn” and “U Got It Bad,” removing his glittery white get-up and undershirt (his Michael Jackson-nodding single glove stayed on) to reveal the abs he’s worked for 30 years (eat your heart out, Adam Levine).
Multi-faceted singer-songwriter and guitarist H.E.R. strode forward during “U Got It Bad” for a tasty solo, another smart get.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - FEBRUARY 11: Usher performs onstage during the Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show at Allegiant Stadium on February 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Roc Nation)Getty Images for Roc Nation
The show then quickly transformed from sultry silk to a disco-tinged dance party as a troupe of dancers slalomed on roller skates at center stage. Usher soon joined them, skating with ease as he popped, locked and crooned to “OMG” — talk about multi-tasking — with new guest star “Will.I.Am” singing his part as Usher slid between his legs.
Once blue lasers took over the stadium it was obvious what was next: Usher’s world-beating hit “Yeah!” which appropriately welcomed hip-hop collaborators Lil Jon (with a booming snippet of his and DJ Snake’s EDM smash “Turn Down for What” leading in) and Ludacris to add their own A-town flavor — why-oh-why wasn’t this the halftime show in Atlanta in 2019?
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - FEBRUARY 11: (L-R) Ludacris, Usher, and Lil Jon, Jermaine Dupri, and will.i.am perform onstage during the Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show at Allegiant Stadium on February 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)Getty Images
From here it was good-natured pandemonium; Usher in another outfit to match the blue, a marching band on the field spelling “USHER” with horn players — a pure display of command and the Super Bowl booking an artist whose music plays triumphantly to 150 million viewers.
My only complaint: How on Earth did “DJ Got Us Fallin’ In Love” not make this setlist? It felt like a slam dunk! Can’t win ‘em all.
Otherwise, this was an energizing showcase from an artist too quickly forgotten as one of the most dominant stars of the 21st Century. It was certainly one of the better halftime shows in recent memory — and the best since Jay-Z’s Roc Nation began producing in 2020.
In a word: yeah!
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - FEBRUARY 11: Usher and will.i.am perform onstage during the Apple Music Super Bowl LVIII Halftime Show at Allegiant Stadium on February 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)Getty Images
Super Bowl 2023 halftime show review: Rihanna, please stop the music
Super Bowl 2022 halftime show review: Hip-hop history, family approved
Super Bowl 2021 halftime show review: The Weeknd dims under blinding lights
Super Bowl 2020 halftime show review: JLo and Shakira let loose in blazing performance
Bobby Olivier may be reached at bolivier@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @BobbyOlivier and Facebook.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices