A brand-new fitness studio has officially opened its doors in Tardebigge. 


  Celeb fans can try out their idol's latest fitness craze with the opening of the new boutique studio on Hewell Lane. 


  The Bodi Barn at Tardebigge Court was set up after business partner Sarah Cartlidge started looking for a reformer Pilates class to join, but couldn't find anywhere local. 


  The studio is set to meet the local gap in the market by boasting six reformer Pilates machines.


  The workout machines have recently shot to prominence with endorsements from the likes of David Beckham, Kim Kardashian and Justin Bieber. 


  Co-owner Natalie Bagnall said that TikTok and Instagram posts had helped create the new fitness fad. 


  She said: "It's become very popular over the last six to twelve months. There are loads of celebs and footballers using it.


  "It's a different type of workout and it's so varied. You could do a class every day of the week and it'd always be different." 


  Reformer Pilates machines are graduated spring-loaded resistance machines which enhance mat-based Pilates exercises. 


  Ms Bagnall said: "It's a bit special because unlike mat Pilates, this is doing exercises with resistance, so it's enabling improvement in mobility, stability and core strength. 


  "It's also a low-impact exercise so that's why it's good for all ages and also for rehab." 


  Ms Cartlidge added: "People are really enjoying it. I think that's because there are small classes. 


  "Some people aren't very confident going to the gym or they're a bit insecure, a bit scared, so coming to a small class makes them feel more confident." 


  Every class is led by a qualified instructor to help provide bespoke guidance. 


  For more information about the fitness studio follow @thebodibarn on Instagram or visit The Bodi Barn Facebook page. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.