By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:35, 31 December 2024   |  Updated:  02:09, 3 February 2025   
 55
View  comments
Heidi Klum and her husband Tom Kaulitz looked straight out of a magazine cover while basking in the winter weather in Aspen, Colorado.
On Monday, the 51-year-old supermodel — who is no stranger to sporting bizarre ensembles — modeled a $760 Free People oversized leopard print coat, a blue sweater with tiger head designs and matching snow pants as she clung to her man.
She teamed her look with blue framed sunglasses, a designer purse and oversized fur boots as she bared the 18-degree weather.
The 35-year-old guitarist looked dapper in a white jean jacket with colorful print, paired with cream pants and a tan sweater. 
Later in the day, the blonde beauty took to her Instagram Story to share a naughty clip of she and one of her male pals baring their bums while twerking in a hot tub.
She also added snaps showing of her lavish holiday getaway at the celebrity-magnet resort. 
Heidi Klum and her husband Tom Kaulitz looked straight out of a magazine cover while basking in the winter weather in Aspen, Colorado
Heidi and Tom — who tied the knot in 2019— have been making the most of their holiday, spending time skiing with her four children: Leni, 20, Henry, 18, Johan, 17, and Lou, 14. 
And when the America's Got Talent star wasn't spending time in the freezing temperatures, she opted for a glamorous shopping spree at a high-end jewelry boutique.
The supermodel, Tom and her children have been soaking up the snowy magic at the famed Buttermilk Ski Resort, a playground for the rich and famous.
Known for its star-studded appeal, Buttermilk has previously hosted celebrities like Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner, Mariah Carey, and Leonardo DiCaprio.
In a heartwarming twist, Heidi and her eldest daughter, Leni, were recently spotted swapping outfits in their winter wonderland retreat.
The 20-year-old, who is also carving her own path in the modeling world, has been sharing her mom’s wardrobe — something Heidi couldn’t be more thrilled about.
'I get so excited when I see my daughters re-wearing my clothes,' Klum shared in November. 'My eldest daughter, she also is a model, and she goes to events and when she wears my clothes I’m not just proud but we can upcycle.'
The L’Oréal Paris ambassador is a vocal advocate for sustainable fashion, adding, 'I’m passing clothes down to my kids. I think it’s so important also to keep wearing your things.'
She modeled a $760 Free People oversized leopard print coat, a blue sweater with tiger head designs and matching snow pants
She also added snaps showing of her lavish holiday getaway at the celebrity-magnet resort
The supermodel, Tom and her children have been soaking up the snowy magic at the famed Buttermilk Ski Resort
Known for its star-studded appeal, Buttermilk has previously hosted celebrities like Justin Bieber, Kendall Jenner, Mariah Carey, and Leonardo DiCaprio
Later in the day, the blonde beauty took to her Instagram Story to share a naughty clip of she and one of her male pals baring their bums while twerking in a hot tub
The star did not reveal the identity of her male pal
She added, 'I think in the past, we’d wear something once and then we’d never wear it again, and it’s so wrong to do.'
Klum shares Henry, Johan and Lou with her British musician ex-husband Seal, 61.
The pair were married for seven years before ultimately calling it quits in 2012.
She and Italian businessman Flavio Briatore welcomed Leni back in 2004 after a brief, one-year relationship when Klum was 29 and he was 53.
The five-foot-nine looker and her current husband, Kaulitz, were first linked in March of 2018 before tying the knot in February 2019.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group