Now 
49
 Mon 
68
 Tue 
74
by COURTNEY RAU AND KONNER MCINTIRE | The National Desk
TOPICS:
WASHINGTON (TND)  — Last week, D.C. Fire and Emergency Medical Services responded to the White Houseafter a 911 call falsely claimed there was a fire. This is just one example of a dangerous trend targeting public figures called swatting.
According to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), swatting is a prank where someone calls 911 faking some kind of emergency, like a hostage situation, fire or mass shooting that draws attention from law enforcement - typically aSWAT team.
These pranks can be extremely dangerous. In December of 2017, a man – Andrew Finch – was shot and killed on his front porch during a swatting incident in Wichita, Kansas.
They also waste resources. In fact, each incident is estimated to cost between $15,000 and $25,000.
Swatting events have been on the FBI’s radar for 20 years. For example, between 2002 and 2006 there were more than 100 incidents across 60 cities. A lot of these early incidents involved gaming streamers who targeted opponents hoping to catch the incident on live-stream. But then the trend spread to target celebrities like Justin Bieber, Nicki Minaj, Ashton Kutcher and Kim Kardashian.
Now, it is becoming increasingly political with Senator Rick Scott and Representative Marjorie Taylor Greenbeing recent targets.
There is no official government data that definitively states whether there has been a recent increase in swatting events. However, the Fact Check Team reached out to the FBI and this is what they told us:
“In response to the national call on swatting, the FBI initiated the Virtual Command Center (VCC) known as the National Common Operation Picture (NCOP). The NCOP-VCC is a collaborative effort between the FBI and law enforcement partners to track and create a real-time picture of swatting incidents. Established in May 2023, this initiative is open to any law enforcement agencies and fusion centers who wish to participate in tracking and sharing swatting information in respective jurisdictions. Since its inception, there have been over 550 swatting incidents reported to the FBI’s NCOP-VCC since May 1, 2023.
There is not a federal law that specifically criminalizes swatting which can make it difficult to prosecute. However, Senator Rick Scott has proposedlegislation to addressthis gap by expanding a federal statute to explicitly prohibit swatting.
Currently, swatting is typically prosecuted under the false information and hoaxes statute (18 U.S. Code  1038), carrying up to five years in prison. That penalty expands up to 20 years or even life imprisonment if someone is seriously injured or a death occurs as a result of the hoax.
For example, in 2019 a California man was sentenced to 20 years in federal prison for making a hoax call to police in Wichita, Kansas in 2017 that resulted in a man being shot and killed by police.
State-level penalties vary. For example, in California, making a prank 911 call is a misdemeanor and can result in $1,000 fine and a year in county jail; the penalty increases if harm occurs.
In New Jersey, a false report of a bomb threat, active shooter, or hostage situation can carry a sentence of five to 10 years in prison if it causes a greater police presence or 10 to 20 years if someone gets hurt.
Recently, Virginia enacted a law that increased penalties to $2,500 and would make it a  felony if someone is hurt; and West Virginia legislators have introduced a bill that would classify swatting as a felony in their state.