See who made the cut.  
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Frankly, I’m not sure how this month could possibly be outdone. Between fashion month, awards season (did you catch the Grammys?), and the cast of Dune: Part Two churning out killer look after killer look, there has been a lot to see. But, there can never been too much of a good thing. In case you couldn’t keep track, no worries. I’m running back February’s highlights right here. From Zendaya’s see-through suit of armor to Justin Bieber’s statement puffer jacket, Hollywood packed a ton of great fashion into the shortest month of the year. 
When: February 29
Where: Paris Fashion Week
What: Krewe sunglasses
Why: The GOAT wears sunglasses indoors. 
When: February 18
Where: The BAFTA Film Awards in London  
What: Jimmy Choo shoes 
Why: Björk’s swan dress walked so this look could run. 
When: February 15
Where: The world premiere of Dune: Part Two in London 
What: Mugler with Bulgari jewelry 
Why: To rub it in? She remains flawless.
When: February 15
Where: The world premiere of Dune: Part Two in London
What: Custom Valentino 
Why: To be fair, the movie’s entire cast has been on point sartorially. I mean, did they have to put the world’s most attractive actors in one film? 
When: February 10
Where: New York City 
What: Betsey Johnson pumps 
Why: Never, ever underestimate the power of an LBD.
When: February 10
Where: New York City 
What: A Khaite trench and purse
Why: In case there was any confusion about what quiet luxury is, she’s it. 
When: February 3
Where: The Honda NHL All-Star Game in Toronto, Canada
What: Marni
Why: Sure, hockey arenas are cold, but it’s the perfect excuse to show off a new jacket. 
When: February 3
Where: The Fifteen Percent Pledge Benefit Gala in L.A.
What: Ferragamo
Why: Harrier is incapable of looking anything less than exquisite. 
When: February 1
Where: Casamigos and Warner Music Group’s pre-Grammys party in L.A.
What: A David Koma dress, Jimmy Choo shoes, and Yvonne Léon jewelry 
Why: Maybe she’s manifesting a floral-filled spring. I’ll drink to that. 
When: February 1
Where: Casamigos and Warner Music Group’s pre-Grammys party in L.A.
What: LaQuan Smith 
Why: Hip cut-outs don’t lie. 
When: February 1
Where: NBC Studios in New York City 
What: Bottega Veneta 
Why: Consider this your new work uniform. 
When: February 1
Where: Spotify’s Best New Artist Party in Los Angeles 
What: Moschino and Jimmy Choo shoes 
Why: Here’s proof that colorful crochet isn’t just for summer. 
The Look: April’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: March’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: February’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: January’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: December’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: November’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: October’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: September’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: August’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: July’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: June’s Best-Dressed List
The Look: May’s Best-Dressed List
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.