Looking for a scent-sational deal?
With the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale officially underway (for select Nordstrom cardholders, anyway — the deals open to everyone on July 15!), the mega-retailer released over 50 exclusive fragrance bundles from luxury labels like Gucci, Hermès and Chloé.
Below, we’ve sniffed out the best value sets to add to cart immediately — from a Le Labo trio to a scent so good, Kathy Hilton told us she “practically bathes in it.”
London-based brand Jo Malone makes some of celebrities’ favorite scents — and they cost a whole lot less than a plane ticket across the pond.
This cute set of minis features the Wood Sage & Sea Salt fragrance Meghan Markle and Sofia Richie both count as their signatures, in addition to four other perfumes ranging from floral to fruity. 
While the Anniversary Sale offers plenty of options to upgrade your closet, it’s also a great time to expand your fragrance wardrobe. Case in point: this set of staples from Maison Francis Kurkdjian, which features the famed Baccarat 450 scent that have stars like Olivia Rodrigo and Kathy Hilton hooked.
“I love it so much, I practically bathe in it,” Hilton told Page Six Style of the woodsy blend.
Deals on Flowerbomb are in full bloom right now, thanks to an exclusive set featuring the sweet scent that counts Emily Ratajkowski as its celebrity face.
“I feel like my 60-year-old aunt knows it, but so does my 12-year-old cousin,” she” the model told People when her partnership was first announced. “Flowerbomb is a fragrance everybody knows. I grew up knowing it.”
Byredo’s Gypsy Water — a woodsy spritz with notes of bergamot, lemon, pepper and juniper berries — is a go-to for several stars.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley called it her “all-time ultimate fragrance” in a 2020 YouTube video, while Kate Bosworth told Into the Gloss she’s “really loyal” to Byredo perfume.
Justin Bieber, Ryan Reynolds, Alexa Chung and Sophie Turner are all rumored to rock Le Labo’s viral Santal 33 scent, which is included in this starter set.
“I feel like everyone in the universe wears it now. But it smells different on each person — or so I want to think!” Jodie Comer told the New York Times in 2020.
John Legend can’t stop singing this perfume’s praises; he called it “luxurious and sophisticated” in a Father’s Day gift guide, shortly after telling Marie Claire he wears it every day.
“I feel dressed; like I’m complete when I put it on. I’m like, “Okay. Now, I’m ready to go,” he added of the scent, which features notes of the titular flower in addition to black truffle and patchouli.
Another favorite of Hollywood men? Creed, the British brand behind Mario Lopez and Charlie Puth’s favorite scents (Aventus and Irish Tweed, respectively). 
Birkin bag not quite in your budget? Consider picking up a bottle of Twilly d’Hermès, a scent we spotted in Luan de Lesseps’ Upper East Side apartment.
Just call it a budding Hollywood favorite. Anjelica Huston, Florence Welch and Jodie Turner-Smith have all starred in campaigns for this floral fragrance, which is nearly $50 off when you buy it in a set.
Ashley Graham once listed this fragrance as a must-have in an interview with E!, going as far as saying she “cannot live without” it.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.