Photo: Getty Images
Chris Stapleton, Parker McCollum and Jessie Jo Dillon are the latest ACM Award winners revealed ahead of the show on Thursday evening (May 16).
Stapleton, who won Entertainer of the Year and the coveted Triple Crown (after winning New Male Artist of the Year, Male Artist of the Year and Entertainer of the Year) in 2023, received his 17th ACM Award when he was named the ACM Artist-Songwriter of the Year recipient on Wednesday (May 15). The “White Horse” powerhouse will take the stage during the 59th ACM Awards on Thursday, and is nominated in several categories, including Entertainer of the Year. Old Dominion surprised McCollum with his second ACM victory, scoring the Visual Media of the Year award for his “Burn It Down” music video, which was produced by Christen Pinkston and Wesley Stebbins-Perry, and directed by Dustin Haney, per a press release from the Academy of Country Music. McCollum will also perform during the show, and is nominated for ACM Single of the Year for “Burn It Down.” Old Dominion delivered the surprise during the Texas-born singer-songwriter’s headlining set during the ACM Lifting Lives LIVE fundraising show.
“Man, the video was pretty easy, actually,” McCollum said via his record label of the music video. “I talked to Dustin, the director, and I was like, ‘Man, I feel like wherever we are, we’re just blowing stuff up and so let’s go blow some stuff up and burn it down.’ And he had a great vision out there in New Mexico. We were in the desert, I mean, the desert, desert. You couldn’t, it was like the ocean, but sand; the middle of the ocean but sand. And it was actually really cold in the morning, then it got really hot at night and then the smoke and the fire and they’re wanting me to walk through it over and over, take after take after take. I’m walking through like this chemical burning black smoke. I’m like this is really risking it for a music video, but it turned out great.”
Dillon won her first ACM Award with the ACM Songwriter of the Year honor, having previously been nominated as a songwriter on “10,000 Hours” by Dan + Shay with Justin Bieber, and “Break Up In The End” by Cole Swindell, the Academy noted.
Photo: Submitted
Megan Moroney, Nate Smith and Tigirlily Gold were also revealed as ACM Award winners this week. They won the New Female Artist of the Year, New Male Artist of the Year and New Duo or Group of the Year awards, respectively. Moroney will perform during the ACM Awards Red Carpet Show. Smith will perform during the ACM Awards with pop-punk superstar Avril Lavigne, and sister duo Tigirlily Gold will perform on the ACM Awards stage for the first time.
Other artists taking the stage include Jason Aldean (who will deliver a tribute to late country star Toby Keith), Post Malone, Parker McCollum, Kelsea Ballerini and Noah Kahan; husband-and-wife duo Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani; Kane Brown, Jelly Roll, Cody Johnson, Miranda Lambert, Thomas Rhett, Chris Stapleton, and Lainey Wilson. Reba McEntire, who will return to host the show for the 17th time, will perform “brand new music” during Country Music’s Party of the Year. Presenters include Alabama, BRELAND, Tyler Cameron, Jordan Davis, Sara Evans, Carin León, Little Big Town, Ashley McBryde, Dion and Rozene Pride, Noah Reid, Richard Sherman, Charissa Thompson, Randy Travis, and Clay Walker.
iHeartRadio’s Bobby Bones will host intimate artist interviews featured in his “Backstage with Bobby Bones” segment throughout the night of the show. He also kicked off nominations on The Bobby Bones Show last month. See the full list of 59th ACM Award nominees here.
The show is set to return to Ford Center at The Star in Frisco, Texas, the world headquarters of the Dallas Cowboys, leading up to the milestone 60th year in 2025. This year’s ACM Red Carpet will kick off at 7 p.m. EDT/6 p.m. CDT/4 p.m. PDT. The show is set for Thursday, May 16 at 8 pm ET / 5 pm PT.