Pharma & Biotech
Sustainability
Cannabis
Battery Metals
Artificial Intelligence
The above has been published by Proactive Investors Limited (the "Company") on its website and is made available subject to the terms and conditions of use of its website (see T&C ).
                       All information used in the preparation of this communication has been compiled from publicly available sources that we believe to be reliable, however, we cannot, and do not, guarantee the accuracy or completeness of this communication.
                       This communication is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer, recommendation, solicitation, inducement or an invitation by, or on behalf of, the Company or any affiliates to make any investments whatsoever. Opinions of and commentary by the authors reflect their current views, but not necessarily of the Company, its affiliates or any other third party. Services and/or products mentioned in this communication may not be suitable for all recipients and may not be...
William kickstarted his career as a researcher and reporter for a global legal publication, covering everything from public law to M&A. Before moving to Proactive Investors, he worked as a reporter for a major fintech company with a focus on cryptocurrency and blockchain technology.

Harking from Queensland, Australia, William obtained first-class honours in journalism and media from Birkbeck University before going on to complete an MA in creative and critical writing. Other jobs have... Read more
Proactive financial news and online broadcast teams provide fast, accessible, informative and actionable business and finance news content to a global investment audience. All our content is produced independently by our experienced and qualified teams of news journalists.
Proactive news team spans the world’s key finance and investing hubs with bureaus and studios in London, New York, Toronto, Vancouver, Sydney and Perth. 
We are experts in medium and small-cap markets, we also keep our community up to date with blue-chip companies, commodities and broader investment stories. This is content that excites and engages motivated private investors.
The team delivers news and unique insights across the market including but not confined to: biotech and pharma, mining and natural resources, battery metals, oil and gas, crypto and emerging digital and EV technologies.
Proactive has always been a forward looking and enthusiastic technology adopter.
Our human content creators are equipped with many decades of valuable expertise and experience. The team also has access to and use technologies to assist and enhance workflows.
Proactive will on occasion use automation and software tools, including generative AI. Nevertheless, all content published by Proactive is edited and authored by humans, in line with best practice in regard to content production and search engine optimisation.

Published: 11:51 04 Mar 2024 GMT
  
Hipgnosis Songs Fund Limited (LSE:SONG)’s catalogue of royalties, which includes music from Neil Young, Justin Bieber and Mark Ronson, has seen its valuation slashed following an independent valuation conducted by Shot Tower Capital.
Shot Tower’s preliminary findings estimated the fair market value of Hipgnosis' portfolio to be between US$1.8 billion and US$2.06 billion (£1.4 billion and £1.6 billion), a stark contrast to the US$2.62 billion fair value reported in September 2023.
The catalogue is valued between US$1.74 billion and US$2 billion after deducting contingent catalogue bonuses of US$59.9 million.
This revaluation marks a 26.3% decrease, adjusting the net asset value (NAV) per share to approximately US$1.17, down from US$1.73.
Shot Tower deduced the valuation after scrutinising the nature of copyright interests, the type of royalties, and the vintage of the royalty income streams, among other metrics.
As a result of the reduced valuation, Hipgnosis’ board said it will use available cash reserves to pay down debt and reduce gearing.
Hipgnosis, therefore, has decided to continue holding back dividends “for the foreseeable future”.
Robert Naylor, chairman of Hipgnosis Songs Fund, commented: "The newly constituted board is making good progress with the due diligence work that will underpin its strategic review.
“We are disclosing the valuation at this time given its material difference to valuations previously disclosed.
“The board will provide further detail on this when the due diligence is complete. The board remains focused on identifying all options to deliver shareholder value."
Most of the Hipgnosis’ board fled last October when the majority of shareholders voted against the continuation of the fund and booted out former chairman Andrew Sutch.
The embattled investor in music rights is entangled in a complex High Court dispute with founder and former investment manager Merck Mercuriadis relating to allegations of diverting business opportunities.
Hipgnosis shares fell 14% today, bringing year-on-year losses to nearly 40%.
Sign up to receive alerts and news direct to your inbox
Ilika PLC (AIM:IKA, OTCQX:ILIKF) says its P1 Goliath solid-state battery prototypes passed key tests with carmakers and suppliers. CEO Graeme Purdy said the company’s now validating bigger 10Ah versions in-house.

Seeing Machines Ltd (AIM:SEE, OTC:SEEMF) says its tech is now in over 3 million...
© Proactive Group Holdings Inc, 2025
Proactive Investors Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom” is registered in England with the Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825. You can contact us here.
Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use.