Justin Bieber's Madame Tussauds wax work has had a dad makeover with the addition of a baby doll in a carrier.
The addition comes as it was announced last week that the popstar has become a dad for the first time as his and his wife's baby boy was born. They revealed that they called the tot Jack Blues Bieber.
To celebrate the special occasion Madame Tussauds has given the star's wax figure a father makeover. Justin's figure now has a baby carrier complete with a doll to show he is now a dad-of-one.
The star is dressed in a hoody and jeans as well as a backwards cap. It was announced last week on Instagram that Hailey Bieber had give birth to baby Jack.
Sharing a photo of the baby's foot and Hailey's hands, he wrote: "WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER." Justin and Hailey are said to be "doing well" following the birth of their first child. Insiders have explained that Justin was "over the moon" to become a dad and that he and his wife are "overjoyed" with the arrival.
A source told People: "They're doing well. They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well! Hailey's doing well, too. The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for. The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them. Justin's already a great dad."
The Rhode Skin founder and the Sorry singer announced in early May that they were expecting a child and revealed Hailey was six months along at the time, making her due date sometime in early August. Hailey didn't announce their big news until she was six months pregnant as she was able to hide her small bump using "big jackets".
She told W magazine: "I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time. I didn't have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff."
Hailey went on to admit she "probably could have" kept the pregnancy a secret all the way through her pregnancy, but she didn't like keeping such big news quiet. She added: "I probably could have hid it until the end. But I didn't enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly. I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn't feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.