Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
From Angelina Jolie to Justin Bieber, these celebrities went through ups and downs with their families.
Contact us by Email
Dec. 6 2024, Published 8:00 p.m. ET
Jolie likely wouldn't have been receptive to the idea either.
Angelina Jolie and her father, Jon Voight, were on talking terms again before her divorce from Brad Pitt after the Babylon actor encouraged her to mend the relationship. 
For around seven years, the father-daughter duo shared a turbulent connection after Voight cheated on her late mother, Marcheline Bertrand.
Jolie said in an episode of The Hollywood Reporter's Awards Chatter podcast: "Jon and I have gotten to know each other—through grandchildren now. We're finding a new relationship. We've had some difficulties, [but] through art we've been able to talk. It's the common language."
Cole Sprouse slammed his mom in an interview. 
Cole Sprouse faced issues with his mother, Melanie Wright. In his interview on the "Diary of a CEO" podcast, he called his mom a "tortured artist type."
He said: "I think she found a tremendous amount of self-identity through motherhood and tried to turn it into a profitable business at the same time, which for identical twin boys going into acting is [an] economic loophole — there are labor laws that can be incredibly profitable, so that's what she did."
The Riverdale star also revealed how Wright lost the money he and his twin Dylan Sprouse earned when they turned 10.
Demi Lovato has been open about her mental health struggles. 
Demi Lovato's mental health struggles caused a rift with her father, Patrick Lovato.
In 2013, she opened up about her different issues, including her bipolar and eating disorders.
She said: "It caused relationship issues and certain behaviors in the future. I learned the reasoning behind those behaviors was because of my dad."
Demi further discussed their relationship in her 2021 documentary, Dancing With the Devil, saying: "... I longed for that relationship with him. Then I resented him because he was an addict and an alcoholic, and he was abusive to my mom. So I cut him out because I felt like it was causing more harm than good having him in my life."
According to the "Cool for the Summer" crooner, her trauma was rooted in the time she witnessed her father's treatment toward her mother, Dianna De La Garza.
Drew Barrymore started her career off at a very young age. 
Being part of Hollywood at a young age allowed Drew Barrymore to be emancipated from her parents when she was 14, leading her to become estranged from both in the years thereafter.
Despite what happened, she has remained connected to her mother, Jaid Barrymore, and continuously supported her financially.
She noted in her Vulture profile: "I actually want her to be happy and thrive and be healthy. But I have to f------ grow in spite of her being on this planet."
Drew continued: "I dared to say it, and I didn't feel good. I do care. I'll never not care. I don't know if I've ever known how to fully guard, close off, not feel, build the wall up."
The Rock's dad passed away in 2020.
Jumanji star Dwayne Johnson had been open about his "daddy issues" before Rocky Johnson died in 2020.
He wrote in 2018: "My old man was a tough MF on me. He'd kick my a-- from one side of the gym to the other for years. I hated it when I was a kid, but grateful for it as a man."
Bieber shut down rumors he's on 'hard drugs' following concerning public appearances.
Justin Bieber went through ups and downs with his mother, Pattie Mallette. He revealed to Billboard what led to his estrangement from the matriarch.
He said: "I was distant because I was ashamed. We spent some time not talking, so it takes time to rebuild that trust. She's living in Hawaii now, so it's hard, but getting better. She's an amazing woman and I love her."
The actress filed a lawsuit against her mother. 
In 2011, Leighton Meester filed a lawsuit against her mom, Constance, for allegedly misappropriating the money that was supposed to be for her brother Alexander. She alleged the matriarch used the allowance for cosmetic procedures and personal expenses.
When Macaulay Culkin was 15, he sued his parents. 
When Macaulay Culkin was 15, he sued his parents and removed them as legal guardians. He revealed in his past interviews that his father, Kit Culkin, was physically and mentally abusive for years because the patriarch resented his career success.
The actor explained: "[He said] 'Do good or I'll hit you.' He was a bad man. He was abusive, physically and mentally — I can show you all my scars if I wanted to. Everything he tried to do in life, I excelled at before I was 10 years old."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Mariah Carey opened about all of her family struggles in her book. 
Mariah Carey spoke candidly about her complicated relationship with her mother, Patricia, in her memoir The Meaning of Mariah Carey.
She wrote: "I have reserved some room in my heart and life to hold her — but with boundaries. Creating boundaries with the woman who gave birth to me is not easy — it is a work in progress."
Matthew McConaughey is on board with any sequel.
For eight years, Matthew McConaughey was estranged from his mother, Kay McConaughey, while he was trying to balance his life amid his popularity in the industry.
He said on Red Table Talk in 2020: My boat was built well enough where I didn't feel like she could sink it. We healed that up in 2004." 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.