Hailey Bieber and Justin Bieber welcomed their son Jack Blues Bieber in August and they are loving being new parents, according to a source speaking to Page Six. But that doesn’t mean that they plan to add more kids to the family soon. The insider said that Hailey and Justin “have discussed having more kids, but for right now, they’re happy with where things are at.”  
“Hailey feels incredibly blessed to be celebrating her first Christmas as a mom,” the source continued. “When Justin asked Hailey what she wanted for Christmas this year, she really couldn’t think of anything because she has everything she could ever want.”
The pair are “still adjusting to life as parents of a newborn” and take “every day is a learning experience.”
“They couldn’t be happier,” the insider said, adding, “Hailey has seen a whole different side to Justin since becoming a father and she’s more in love with him than ever.”
In September, another source speaking to People shared similar intel about their first months home with Jack.
“They seem even more in love since the baby arrived,” the insider said. Hailey is “feeling great, [and Justin is] encouraging her to catch up with friends.”
They added of Justin, “[He’s] been in a happy bubble since baby Jack was born. [He] wants to focus on being a great dad and husband.”
In mid-December, Justin shared a carousel of photos with Hailey, showing them enjoying what looks like a tropical vacation. He included several selfies with his wife in which he is snuggling up next to her affectionately.
He then posted a standalone photo of Hailey leaning back to give him a kiss.
In November, Hailey shared pictures with Justin and baby Jack in which they are taking a walk together as a family outside.
In her pics, they are smiling and wearing matching fuzzy camo.
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
Michelle Obama on Raising Kids in the White House
A Source Debunks Taylor and Travis Rumors
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.