Previously deleted footage of Kanye West making allegations against Diddy has resurfaced.
It comes as two of Diddy's home were raided by law enforcement earlier this week, reportedly in connection to a sex trafficking investigation. The lawyer of Diddy - whose real name is Sean Combs - has since slammed what he has called "witch hunt".
The clip, which was discovered from a previous Drink Champs interview and has recently been posted online, allegedly showed Kanye trying to talk about a deal certain celebrities have made to stay out of prison. The interview footage later disappeared.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: 'Creepy' footage of P Diddy with Justin Bieber at 15 resurfaces as fans share concerns
The interview from October 2022 saw Ye claim certain celebrities are a "fed" and made deals with law enforcement that would allow them to stay out of jail if they blackmailed others around them. The resurfaced outburst included Diddy, with Ye referring to the star by his previous name, Puff Daddy.
In the blast, the Gold Digger rapper fumed: "The reason why you gotta talk is because you did a deal, you f*****g fed! That's why you've gotta come at me, because part of the deal for you to be able to do all that and get out of jail is that you promised that you are gonna go pull my card.
The full interview was pulled not long after it aired due to Ye making anti-Semetic remarks and insensitive comments about the death of George Floyd.
Diddy's actions have come in for intense scrutiny following the raiding of his properties. Law enforcement said on Monday: "Earlier today, Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) New York executed law enforcement actions as part of an ongoing investigation, with assistance from HSI Los Angeles, HSI Miami, and our local law enforcement partners. We will provide further information as it becomes available."
Diddy's lawyer, Aaron Dyer, later shared a statement with the Mirror, saying: "Yesterday, there was a gross overuse of military-level force as search warrants were executed at Mr. Combs’ residences. There is no excuse for the excessive show of force and hostility exhibited by authorities or the way his children and employees were treated."
The lawyer continued: "This unprecedented ambush -- paired with an advanced, coordinated media presence -- leads to a premature rush to judgment of Mr. Combs and is nothing more than a witch hunt based on meritless accusations made in civil lawsuits. There has been no finding of criminal or civil liability with any of these allegations. Mr. Combs is innocent and will continue to fight every single day to clear his name.”
Diddy's lawyer also said the rapper's two sons were not arrested during the raid.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.