Because supporting Black-owned businesses should be an everyday thing, we rounded up a collection of brands to put on your radar for Black History Month and beyond.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Black-owned businesses have increased in the last several years, most notably during the pandemic, but it hasn’t always been easy staying afloat. 

	Despite a 14 percent spike since 2020, Black-owned businesses accounted for just 3 percent of all businesses in 2021, according to Pew Research. 

	In an effort to showcase some of the many Black-owned companies that you might not be familiar with and some you may already know, we collected a list of more than a dozen fashion and beauty brands to support, now and forever. Black History Month isn’t over yet, and it’s the perfect time to spotlight these Black-owned brands that you can shop all year long.

	See more below. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	From lip gloss to facial cleanser, see below for a list of Black-owned beauty and skincare brands to shop.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	A celebration of “melanin rich skin.”  After working for brand such as Temptu, L’Oréal and Glossier, Diarrha N’Diaye-Mbaye launched Ami Colé in 2021 with just three products: a highlighter, skin tint and lip treatment oil. The beauty brand now includes dozens of products including bestsellers such as the 3-in-1 Lip Treatment Oil ($18), Lash Amplifying Mascara ($19), and Skin Enhancing Tint ($32) and Skin Enhancing Concealer ($24).

	Beards need love too! Bevel’s Skincare Set comes with face and beard wash, face gel and 2-in-1 exfoliating pads. The company was founded by Tristan Walker to help customers embark on a positive beard journey. Bevel products have been clinically tested to help prevent clogged pores and skin irritation and are available at major retailers such as Amazon in addition to the Bevel website.

	Speaking of sun protection, Black Girl Sunscreen is another great option. The sunscreen is available as a lotion or spray and in stores and online at Target, Ulta Beauty and BlackGirlsSunscreen.com. 

Buttah Skin is an organic animal- and cruelty-free unisex skincare line created for all shades of melanin skin. The brand, founded by actor Dorion Renaud, uses “proven-effective, good-for-your ingredients” which are made to target different skincare needs including dryness, discoloration, oiliness, and blemishes. 

	Did we mention that it’s Beyoncé approved? Buttah Skin is available in major retailers such as Amazon, Macy’s, Nordstrom, Bloomingdale’s, and Ulta Beauty.

	Speaking of Queen Bey, she’s not only making Black History with “Texas Hold ‘Em,” she launched her heavily anticipated haircare line, Cécred, during Black History Month. 

	“I built Cécred from the ground up,” Beyoncé shares in a message on the company’s website. “I poured into it everything I’ve learned throughout my life so we can borrow some of our past and bring it to the future. Cécred is about prioritizing yourself and all the things you hold sacred.”

	










	Cécred includes a collection of shampoo, conditioners, hair treatments, hair oil and accessories are priced from $20 and up.

	Like a lot of great ideas, EDEN BodyWorks was also born from necessity. Created in 2004 by Jasmine Lawrence, the brand offers body and hair care products made from clean, cruelty-free ingredients at an affordable price (everything in the line retails for less than $10-$12). 

	One of EDEN’s top-reviewed products is the Peppermint Tea Tree Clear Clarifying Shampoo. You can purchase EDEN BodyWorks products at Target, Amazon, Sally Beauty and at EdenBodyWorks.com.

	A conversation about not being able to find the perfect lipstick shade sparked the idea that became Mented Cosmetics. Amanda E. Johnson and KJ Miller created the company because “every woman should be able to find herself in the world of beauty no matter her skin tone.” 

	Made for your lips, face and skin, the Mented product lineup includes foundation, lipsticks (matte and liquid), concealer, blush, eyeshadow, foundation, eyeliner, lip liner, makeup brushes and more. The products are vegan, paraben free, cruelty free, dermatologically tested and available at Ulta Beauty,  Amazon and MentedCosmetics.com.

	Mielle Organics is a name that you may have already seen around the web, especially after the bestselling Rosemary Mint Scalp Hair Strengthening Oil went viral last year and remains a No. 1 sellers at Amazon. 

	Founded by Monique Rodriguez in 2014, the health-conscious brand of shampoos, conditioners, hair oils, vitamins and other products have been promoted by reality stars and social media influencers alike.

	










	 Mielle Organics carries dozens of products that you can find at Sally Beauty, Amazon, CVS, Target and other major retailers. Aside from the Rosemary Mint Oil, Mielle has an entire Rosemary Mint Collection which includes moisturizer and sealing cream in addition to the other collection such as mango & tulsi, pomegranate & honey, oats & honey, rice water, sea moss and more.  

	Chichi Eburu couldn’t find makeup that enhanced darker skintones, so she created her own makeup line. Juvia’s Place blew up on social media, earning likes for its ultra-pigmented makeup pallets, such as The Nubian Eyeshadow Pallette ($20). Among the current favorites from the brand, the TikTok-approved Blushed Liquid Blush ($18). 

	John Legend’s LOVED01 skincare brand has exfoliators, cleansers and more. The Face & Body Cleansing Moisturizing Face Wash is one of the brand’s top sellers at Amazon. 

	Curl power! Emmy-nominated actress Tracee Ellis Ross launched Pattern Beauty because she wanted to “create a line of products that gave our hair the support it needed to be true to itself.” The brand carries amazing shampoos, conditioners, hair masks, styling creams, hair tools and accessories — including an edge tool, combs and the new Pattern Beauty blow dryer, which is “designed for curlies, coilies and tight-textures.”  

	This sleek and stylish blow dryer includes four unique attachments to help shape, stretch, smooth, and define your hair and is equipped with a powerful AC motor that reduces dry time and an ion generator to smooth the hair cuticle. But Pattern Beauty shines at hydration, the moisturizers are especially great.

	Healthy hair starts at the scalp. Having spent years on movie set, photo shoots and red carpets wearing different hairstyles –- some of which damaged her hair — Taraji P. Henson took matters into her own hands.  

	










	The Oscar-nominated actress began mixing her own hair concoctions over a decade ago and in 2020, she decided to let the world in on some of those haircare secrets with the launch of TPH by Taraji. “I was having issues keeping my scalp and hair clean,” said Henson. “There was nothing on the market that was servicing my needs, so I concocted something in the bathroom with an applicator and I perfected it with TPH,” Henson told Women’s Wear Daily in 2020.  

	The line takes a “scalp-first” approach to hair car offering including gentle but hydrating conditioners (Make It Rain is a personal favorite of mine), cleansers, clarifying shampoos, hair milk and style defining gel. TPH by Taraji is available at Target, Walmart and Amazon and now includes body products.

	Co-founded by Hannah Diop and Issa Rae, Sienna Naturals is a hair care brand for textured hair that features shampoos and conditioners free of harsh sulfates, parabens, silicones, artificial fragrances, dyes and other chemicals. 

	One of the brand’s best sellers is Plant Power Repaid Mask (pictured), which is made with sandalwood, lavender and geranium. 

	Unsun grew out of a lack of sunscreen options for people of color. Founded in 2016 by Katonya Breaux (Frank Ocean’s mother), the company offers tinted sunscreens, body lotions, highlighters, body butters and more. 

	You can purchase Unsun products at various retailers including Macy’s, Amazon, Nordstrom and UnsunCosmetics.com.

	










	From top to bottom, there’s no denying Black culture‘s impact on fashion. Below, find a list of black-owned fashion and purse brands to shop.

	A high fashion brand founded by Wilglory Tanjong, Anima Iris carries a piece of Africa in every design. After graduating college Tanjong, who was born in Cameroon and raised in the U.S., spent months traveling around the Motherland exploring African cities like Nairobi, Dakar, Marrakech and Accra.

	The brand’s collection of gorgeous bags are handcrafted in Dakar, Senegal, and manufactured with a “zero-waste philosophy” in mind as materials are sourced in limited quantities. The Baby Zuri ($425) handbag above is a mini version of the traditional Zuri bag ($910) and available in four different colors.

	Click here to shop Amazon’s Buy Black hub featuring Black-owned brands in beauty, fashion, food and other categories. 

	You can never have too many vegetables. Carrots by Anwar Carrots, the eponymous streetwear brand founded by Andrew Carrots, is comprised of T-shirts, sweatshirts, pants, bags, hats, shoes and more available at Pacsun, Nordstrom and anwarcarrots.com. 

	Diarrablu was founded in by Senegalese designer, Diarra Bousso. The sustainable fashion brand, whose mission is to “remake, reuse, recycle and repurpose,” carries a selection of gorgeous designs in bold, show-stopping prints, most of which are produced in Dakar, Senegal.

	This luxury streetwear brand founded in Los Angeles in 2013 by designer Jerry Lorenzo. Fear of God offers a “distinct interpretation of American expression” by way of a collection of timeless pieces which includes outerwear, knitwear, tops, bottoms, suits, loungewear, footwear and accessories. This celeb-loved brand has been worn by Dwayne Wade, Justin Bieber, Michael B. Jordan, Selena Gomez, Queen Latifah, the late Virgil Abloh and more. 

	Founded by TV host and content creator, Nina Parker, the Nina Parker Collection is sold exclusively at Macy’s and features an array of affordably-priced styles ranging from sizes 0X-4X.

	










	A show-stopping, plus-size fashion line filled with trendy, comfortable and fashionable finds including trendy seasonal styles for spring like the cropped shirt and wide leg pants pictured above (available in mixed multi leopard, black beauty and indigo white stripe), and other pieces such as bodycon dresses, tops, dusters, jeans, pencil skirts and more. Parker’s collection aims to help you confidently embrace your curves while expressing your personal style. 

	Jessica Rich made PVC pumps into a fashion movement. Chloe Bailey, Saweetie, Lil Kim, Cardi B, Jennifer Hudson and Keke Palmer are just some of the celebs who have been snapped in her stylish shoes. 

	The shoe designer, fashion expert and former host (who’s also the great-niece of Patti LaBelle) made PVC her signature, but the line also has boots, mesh pumps, sandals, mules and platforms in varying styles and designs. 

	The shopping bag has never meaning, thanks to Telfar. Founded by Telfar Clemens in 2005, Telfar has become one of the hottest purse brands in fashion with a celebrity fan following that includes Beyoncé and Oprah. Telfar has expanded from bags into clothing and shoe collaborations with Ugg, but The Shopping Bag remains one of its star players. The purple bag is sold out on the brand’s website, but you can find it at Amazon, while supplies last.  

	New York born, Haitian-American designer Victor Glemaud launched his collection of statement knitwear in 2006. Glemaud’s fashionable, figure-hugging designs include the long-sleeve, cutout dress pictured below.Prior to launching his own label, Glemaud worked for Paco Rebanne and Tommy Hilfiger. Victor Glemaud clothing is available at Revolve and Glemaud.com.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.