The new mom made one of her first public appearances since giving birth in August.
Hailey Bieber is back into the public eye just three weeks after welcoming her and Justin Bieber’s first child, their son Jack Blues Bieber, on August 22. The model was photographed arriving for a spa day on Thursday, wearing a royal-blue sweater with black leggings and sneakers. She had sunglasses on and her hair styled down.
This is Hailey’s second time out this week. She was photographed getting dinner with Kylie Jenner in an oversized tan jacket and red shoes in photos published Wednesday.
Hailey has kept her social media primarily business-focused since becoming a mother. On August 26, a source spoke to People about Hailey and Justin’s first days with their baby boy. 
“The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for,” the insider said. “The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant, was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them.”
The source added, “The baby is such a miracle. He’s adorable and doing well. Hailey’s doing well too.”
Hailey spoke to GQ last October about how she understands that given her and Justin’s fame, it will be hard to raise children completely out of the spotlight. “Maybe I liked the idea at 18 of not raising kids around certain things, but my life is so different now than it was when I was 18,” she said. “It’s so hard to say what I’m going to do or not do when there isn’t even a child here yet. I don’t even know what it feels like to be a parent other than a dog parent yet. And that’s not the same thing, by any means.”
She said she looked forward to motherhood: “It’s something that’s going to come when it comes.” 
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.