Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Some fans of Justin Bieber are claiming the singer released a track referring to parties alleged to have been organized by Sean “Diddy” Combs after what appears to be a fake song resurfaced online last weekend.
Combs, 54, was charged last week with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution. He has denied the charges. In the days after he was sent to jail, many online circulated a months-old song that mentions “a Diddy party” sung by a voice that sounds like Bieber’s. 
“Lost myself at a Diddy party / Didn’t know that’s how it goes / I was in it for a new Ferrari / But it cost me way more than my soul,” the lyrics read. “Was it worth all the fortune and fame / All the girls never walking the same / Signed the papers so he never has to ever say sorry / Lost myself at a Diddy party.”
But there’s no evidence the song is real. It’s not released on any streaming services, nor has it been acknowledged on any of Bieber’s official channels. It’s also not listed in Bieber’s official catalog. Some listeners speculated that the muffled vocals and lack of emotion suggest it could have been made with artificial intelligence.
NBC News hasn’t independently verified whether the audio was AI-generated.
Representatives for Bieber didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment.
The song, which has been used as the background sound in thousands of TikTok videos, first circulated in April amid a slew of sexual assault accusations that had begun amassing against Combs. Videos featuring the song have since gotten tens of millions of views.
Bieber, 30, first met Combs as a teenager and developed a close friendship with him early in his career. The two collaborated on the 2023 song “Moments.” 
Their relationship is now being scrutinized by fans of Bieber online, who have used the song to express concerns over their dynamic. Old clips of Combs spending time with a teenage Bieber have also resurfaced. Bieber hasn’t publicly commented on the accusations against Combs, nor has he made any of his own allegations.
In November, Combs’ former girlfriend Cassie was the first to file a civil lawsuit accusing him of sexually and physically assaulting her during their relationship. Combs’ lawyer initially denied the accusations, and the lawsuit was settled out of court. However, he issued a public apology this year after security video showing him beating Cassie in 2016 was released.
Since then, multiple lawsuits have accused him of sexual harassment, sexual assault and sex trafficking. The latest was filed Tuesday by a woman who says he and his bodyguard “viciously” raped her in a New York City recording studio more than 20 years ago after Combs had drugged her.
Angela Yang is a culture and trends reporter for NBC News.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC