Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
Alphabet Inc.'s GOOG GOOGL Google-owned YouTube has launched a new AI assistant designed to aid users in recovering hacked accounts.
What Happened: The AI chatbot, described as a "troubleshooting tool," is accessible through the YouTube Help Center. It guides hacked creators by asking a series of questions to help secure their Google logins and reverse any unauthorized changes made to their channels.
Currently, the support assistant is only available in English and is limited to a select group of creators. However, Google plans to eventually expand access to all YouTube creators.
The chatbot appears to be a standard support tool with no generative AI features. Despite this, it does not address the major complaint from creators about the difficulty in contacting YouTube directly when issues arise.
See Also: Mark Zuckerberg Explains Why Facebook Beat Google, Microsoft, And Yahoo Who Were ‘Fumbling Around:' ‘We Were Like A Ragtag Group Of Children'
Adding an AI-powered chatbot might disappoint creators who hoped for better communication from YouTube, especially since account hacking has affected even large creators like Linus Tech Tips.
Smaller accounts often face prolonged resolution times due to limited direct support, with some often forced to contact the streaming giant on social media platform X.
Subscribe to the Benzinga Tech Trends newsletter to get all the latest tech developments delivered to your inbox.
Why It Matters: The introduction of YouTube’s AI chatbot comes in the wake of several high-profile hacking incidents.
In April 2022, some of the biggest names in the music industry, including Drake, Eminem, and Justin Bieber, had their YouTube accounts compromised by an unauthorized source who uploaded bizarre clips. The hacker’s actions affected artists with millions of subscribers, highlighting the platform’s vulnerability.
Additionally, in September 2022, the South Korean government’s official YouTube channel was hacked and renamed “SpaceX Invest.” It then broadcasted a video featuring Elon Musk discussing cryptocurrency.
YouTube’s new AI chatbot aims to address these concerns by providing a streamlined process for creators to regain control of their accounts. However, the effectiveness of this tool in resolving issues promptly remains to be seen.
Check out more of Benzinga’s Consumer Tech coverage by following this link.
Read Next:
Disclaimer: This content was partially produced with the help of AI tools and was reviewed and published by Benzinga editors.
Photo courtesy: Unsplash
Benzinga Rankings give you vital metrics on any stock – anytime.
© 2025 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
Trade confidently with insights and alerts from analyst ratings, free reports and breaking news that affects the stocks you care about.
A newsletter built for market enthusiasts by market enthusiasts. Top stories, top movers, and trade ideas delivered to your inbox every weekday before and after the market closes.