Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				Although his relationship with fiancée Selena Gomez put him in the spotlight, Benny has steadily worked his way up in the music industry.			

Find Out

Benny Blanco (real name: Benjamin Joseph Levin) has been climbing the ladder of the music business for years. Although the songwriter found himself in center stage after going public with his and fiancée Selena Gomez‘s relationship, Benny has worked alongside various celebrities. Over time, Benny steadily built both his image and his net worth.
Find out how much money Benny is currently worth and more about his career, below.
Since at least 2007, Benny has been working in the music business. He is a rap artist, songwriter, record producer, record executive and now, an author of his cookbook, Open Wide: A Cookbook for Friends.
During the early days of his career, Benny worked under Dr. Luke’s company, Kasz Money Productions. For several years, the Virginia native helped write and produce several songs for artists, including Britney Spears, Kesha and Taio Cruz.
Benny eventually started writing and producing songs without Dr. Luke, including several Maroon 5 hits such as “Moves Like Jagger.”
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
As of 2024, Benny has a net worth of $50 million, according to Celebrity Net Worth.
Benny and Selena met sometime in the 2010s when the Disney Channel star shifted her focus from acting to pop music. He produced her 2015 songs “Same Old Love” and “Kill ‘Em With Kindness.”
During those years, Benny also worked and collaborated with Selena’s then-on-again, off-again boyfriend, Justin Bieber. She officially split from the “Baby” hitmaker in 2018.
In 2023, Selena and Benny quietly started dating. He even helped produce her summer song titled “Single Soon.” Months later, Selena confirmed they were dating while responding to fans on social media.
During a May 2024 interview with Howard Stern, Benny agreed with the host about his plans to marry Selena in the future.
“When I look at her … I’m always just like, I don’t know a world where it could be better than this,” the record producer gushed. “People always said this to me, when you know you meet your best friend — she truly is my best friend. We laugh all f**king day, she inspires me.”
Selena commented on Benny’s statement during a subsequent TIME magazine interview later that month.
“I don’t know what the future holds, but I do know that he’s not going anywhere any time soon,” the Wizards Beyond Waverly Place star said.
Selena also explained that she prefers to keep her personal life away from the public eye.
“I know what people can do to people I love,” she pointed out. “My own fans, who I adore and feel like have shaped who I am, will say the most hurtful things to me about how I live my life. But [Benny] has the strength in him that none of that noise fazes him. It’s really impressive, and I just cherish every moment with him.”
In December 2024, the pair announced their engagement.
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect