Photo: Getty Images
Carrie Underwood is expected to return to American Idol as a judge when pop superstar Katy Perry exits the show, according to reports by multiple news outlets on Wednesday afternoon (July 31).
Perry confirmed earlier this year that she would leave American Idol after serving as a judge for several seasons alongside Luke Bryan and Lionel Richie. Since she announced her departure, speculation has swirled as to which artist would join the long-running ABC show. Other artists who were reportedly considered include Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, P!nk and Meghan Trainor, to name a few. Deadline, Variety, E! News and TMZ were among outlets to report Wednesday that Underwood is expected to return to the show as a judge (reuniting with longtime host Ryan Seacrest). TMZ noted that Underwood is set to appear on Good Morning America this Friday (August 2, the same day she’ll release a cross-genre collaboration with rockers Papa Roach), suggesting that she could make an official Idol announcement the same day.
Underwood, who has returned to Idol in previous seasons as a mentor and as a performer, and her team have not publicly commented as of publication time on Wednesday.
Underwood launched her career when she won American Idol in the competition show’s fourth season in 2005. She released her debut full-length album, Some Hearts, later that year. The 14-track album included “Wasted,” “Jesus, Take the Wheel,” “Before He Cheats,” “Inside Your Heaven” — the ballad Underwood performed on the American Idol finale in 2005 — as a bonus track, and more. Since then, Oklahoma-born country hitmaker has sold more than 85 million records worldwide, collected eight Grammy Awards, become the only female artist to win ACM Entertainer of the Year three times, become the most-awarded artist at the CMT Music Awards and other accolades. Underwood has released several full-length country albums since Some Hearts (her latest is Denim & Rhinestones and its deluxe edition), plus a gospel album (My Savior) and Christmas album (My Gift). Underwood confirmed earlier this week she’ll continue to bring her nearly two decades of music to Las Vegas for her residency, REFLECTION, extending into 2025.