Last month, Justin Bieber hit the streets of New York City wearing his version of an easy-breezy summer outfit: A padded zip-up denim vest, Ouer baggy shorts, and Drew House hotel-style slippers. It was all about the high-low mix—like pairing chunky Off-White sunglasses with a Los Angeles Angels hat. That fashion vibe, slightly disheveled and grungy, is nothing new for Bieber, of course; The pop star has been perfecting the art of being artfully grubby for years. But this summer, I’m particularly inspired by his ongoing commitment to crafting looks that are slightly off. (Yes, I mean that in a good way. Allow me to explain.)
When it comes to summer fashion, the best ensembles are always the ones that feel effortless and casual—nothing too overly styled or perfect. When it’s hot out, after all, the last thing you want your outfit to be is fussy; we’re going for ease, here. It’s precisely what Bieber’s wardrobe is all about this season: The singer has a penchant for taking emerging designers and fresh-off-the-runway pieces and making them feel totally nonchalant, as though he rolled out of bed and threw them on. (And perhaps he did.) Take his recent date night with wife Hailey Bieber, when Justin emerged sporting a crisp, blue Maison Margiela button-up shirt—dressy enough, right?—but offset it with extremely baggy jeans, black leather clogs, and sporty Prada shades. The whole thing felt casually cool, and not in a try-hard way.
Bieber’s deliberately dressed-down aesthetic works especially well for the summer time. Compared to the fall and winter’s emphasis on slick outerwear, there’s something that’s less serious and buttoned-up about summer style; There are fewer layers to play with, for one, meaning the pieces you do wear can be a little more fun and bold. I also enjoy the idea of taking summer vacation mentality into your wardrobe; It’s almost like Bieber clashes things on purpose because, well, it’s his day off, and he can! The man even somehow managed to pull off an extremely baggy pair of gym shorts and paired them with fishermen sandals. That’s art!
All of this is to say: Even if Bieber’s slightly-dirtbag style isn’t your cup of tea, do consider appreciating it for what it is. The star is proposing that your summer wardrobe need not to be too stuffy or overthought. Some days, you can throw things together and take delight in the Frankensteinian end result. At the end of the day, clothes are meant to be mix and matched. Have a personality!
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty