By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:13, 8 November 2024   |  Updated:  08:38, 8 November 2024   
 11
View  comments
Snoop Dogg's fans can expect to see some major family wedding drama on his family's new docuseries.
The first trailer for Snoop's Fatherhood: Cori And Wayne's Story, which was released late on Thursday, shows the rapper's daughter Cori Broadus and her fiancé Wayne Duece as they try to plan out their dream wedding.
But the couple, who got engaged back in November of 2022, have plenty of drama that gets in the way of their wedding planning, and Cori is even accused of behaving 'like a f***ing bridezilla' in one scene.
The trailer opens with Cori, 25, as she introduces herself at one of her father's concerts and then at a family gathering.
'I'm Snoop Dogg's daughter, but I'm still Cori at the end of the day,' she says after gushing about how cool the 53-year-old rap icon and his wife Shante Taylor are.
Snoop Dogg's daughter Cori Broadus (R) revealed her zest for wedding planning in the dramatic trailer for their E! docuseries Snoop's Fatherhood: Cori And Wayne's Story
Cori and fiancé Wayne Duece both turn into a pair of 'bridezilla[s]' over the course of the trailer
The trailer suggests Snoop may have some issues with Cori growing up, based on a scene at dinner when she expertly orders some high-end tequila.
'What?! You ordered that shit like you know how to do that,' he joked.
'Whatever you want, manifest up here,' Snoop advises Cori while pointing toward his head in another scene.
Her relationship with Wayne seems to be the result of that manifesting, and she gushes: 'I love him so much.'
Cori says he's excited to 'get this wedding on the road' now that he's engaged, but when the couple's wedding planner asks how soon they were hoping to get married, she's shocked to hear that they want to pull off the ceremony in only four months.
In another scene, Cori leaves her friend speechless when she says she's planning on inviting 750 guests to the wedding.
'I'm a princess,' she says in voiceover, adding that a princess 'has to do it big.'
Wayne seems to have big dreams for the wedding too, as he wonders aloud about arriving at the wedding in a helicopter, just as one is seen landing on screen.
Going all out for Cori also means trying to get Justin Bieber as a performer, which seems outlandish to her father.
'You got too many Goddamned dreams!' Snoop jokes. 
Cori has a somber moment later in the trailer when she's trying on wedding dresses but can't find one that suits her figure.
'I hate my body,' she says while trying on a strapless white gown. 'My dress, it's not making me feel sexy.'
Cori dreams of a 750-person wedding put on in only four months, while Wayne wants to fly in on a helicopter and kicks out a male friend for saying '$10K for shoes is not reasonable'
Cori also says she and Wayne 'are in some deep trouble' later in the trailer, as the wedding planning seems to have some major negative impacts on their romance
Wayne threatens Cori's status as the most demanding member of the couple when he lashes out at a male friend who walks away after saying that '$10,000 for shoes is not reasonable.'
'You're acting like a f***ing bridezilla!' she shouts as Wayne reacts with a dumbfounded expression.
It hints at conflict between the two, and Cori admits that she and Wayne 'are in some deep trouble' in the next scene.
Snoop's Fatherhood: Cori and Wayne's Story premieres on December 5 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on E!, and episodes will also be available to stream on Peacock. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group