Manage your account
[Source]
Filipino American artist Gabriella Sarmiento Wilson, known professionally as H.E.R., made a surprise appearance during Usher’s halftime show at the 2024 Super Bowl between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers. 
The surprise appearance: The Grammy-winning artist got on her knees to rock out her guitar and electrify the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas on Sunday. Sporting a black catsuit with white accents, H.E.R. joined Usher on stage with her red, metallic instrument to deliver a Prince-esque guitar solo during Usher’s rendition of “U Got It Bad” before proceeding to play the opening of his 2004 track “Bad Girl.” 
Other cameos: Usher, who sang his old hits such as “Burn,” “Nice & Slow,” “U Don’t Have to Call” and “Love In This Club,” was joined with Cirque du Soleil-esque dancers and surrounded by a marching band. In addition to H.E.R., Usher also brought out artist Alicia Keys to perform “If I Ain’t Got You” and a rendition of “My Boo.” Other artists who shared the stage with Usher include Jermaine Dupri, Ludacris, Lil Jon and will.i.am. 
Trending on NextShark: Angela Chao, CEO of US-based shipping company Foremost Group, dead at 50
Super Bowl champs: The Kansas City Chiefs became the 2024 Super Bowl champions on Sunday, marking their second consecutive NFL championship over a 25-22 victory. The 49ers were leading the game by 10-3 during the first half, but the Chiefs were able to catch up, leading the teams tied at 19 at the end of regulation. This marked only the second time that a Super Bowl went into overtime, in which Kansas City managed to score another touchdown.
The Super Bowl crowd boasted a star-studded audience, including Taylor Swift, Ice Spice, Jay Z, Beyonce, Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga. 
Trending on NextShark: Hermes hands $4,300 bonus to all 22,000 staff after strong late 2023 Asia sales
Download the NextShark App:
Want to keep up to date on Asian American News? Download the NextShark App today!