Morrissey performs at The SSE Arena, Wembley on March 14, 2020 in London, England. (Photo by Jo Hale/Redferns)Redferns
Rock legend Morrissey canceled a concert in the middle of his performance over the weekend after fans rushed the stage.
Billboard reports the former The Smiths singer was performing “First of the Gang to Die” during an encore at Fair Park Music Hall in Dallas when a female fan got on stage and hugged him. Security pulled the fan away, but more people from the crowd started climbing on stage, overwhelming Morrissey and his team.
TMZ video showed at least one security guard appearing to lose their balance and injuring their leg in the chaos. Morrissey was taken off stage and the show was cut short.
According to Billboard, Morrissey has cut other shows short before for a variety of reasons, including at the Coachella festival in 2009 over the smell of burning meat from nearby food vendors. He was also knocked to the ground by overzealous fans that stormed the stage at a San Jose concert in 2014, cut a concert short later that year due to a heckler in Poland, and played shortened shows in Arizona in 2017 and in Los Angeles in 2022.
Steven Patrick Morrissey, known only by his last name, was the frontman for The Smiths the 1980s with alternative rock hits like “Heaven Knows I’m Miserable Now,” “Bigmouth Strikes Again,” “The Boy with the Thorn in His Side” and “Please, Please, Please, Let Me Get What I Want.” As a solo artist, his hits include “Suedehead,” “The More You Ignore Me, the Closer I Get” and “Certain People I Know” (from the Grammy-nominated “Your Arsenal”).
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices