Getty (2)
Scooter Braun has said it’s “time to move on” from his feud with Taylor Swift following the release of the Taylor Swift vs. Scooter Braun: Bad Blood docuseries.
“I watched [the documentary] recently. I wasn’t going to watch it because I just thought it was going to be, like, another hit piece,” Scooter, 43, told the crowd at a screening of the Max and Discovery+ docuseries in Los Angeles on Thursday, October 10, according to event footage posted via YouTube. “And I pretty much stayed quiet about this kind of stuff. And my dad called me and my mom, and they were like, we just watched it. We think you should watch it. So I did.”
The docuseries looks back at Scooter’s 2019 acquisition of Taylor’s former record label, Big Machine Label Group. As a result of the business deal, Scooter gained the rights to her masters. However, the music mogul no longer has ownership of Taylor’s masters after he sold them to Shamrock Holdings in November 2020 for over $300 million.
“Look, it’s five years later,” Scooter pointed out. “I think, everyone, it’s time to move on. There were a lot of things that were misrepresented.”
He then said that it’s important for people to “communicate directly with each other” when presented with conflict. “I think doing it out on social media and in front of the whole world is not the place,” Scooter said. “I think when people actually take the time to stand in front of each other have a conversation, they usually find out the monster’s not real. And that has not happened.”
Scooter was also asked if he would ever represent Taylor, 34, before he praised her as a musician. “I think the artist that’s one you should always bet on, and is already a huge star, and you can always bet on because they want it all the time, and they do whatever it takes to be present, is Taylor Swift,” he said.
After Scooter was granted ownership of the masters for Taylor’s first six albums, the “Love Story” singer issued a lengthy statement in a July 2019 Tumblr blog post claiming that her music was sold without any consultation with her first. “I walked away because I knew once I signed that contract, [Big Machine Records founder and CEO] Scott Borchetta would sell the label, thereby selling me and my future,” she wrote. “I had to make the excruciating choice to leave behind my past.”
Taylor’s post also included a screenshot of a since-deleted Instagram photo with Scooter’s former client Justin Bieber, in which they were FaceTiming with Kanye West. “Taylor Swift what up,” Justin, 30, captioned the post, seemingly making light of her longtime feud with Ye, 47.
She said that the social media post was “distasteful and insensitive,” and said it was an example of Scooter “bullying” her when she was at her “lowest point.”
After Scooter got ownership of her masters, Taylor began rerecording her first six albums. She has since released “Taylor’s Versions” of Fearless, Red, Speak Now and 1989, while fans are anxiously awaiting the re-releases of Reputation and her self-titled debut album.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: