By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:19, 2 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:51, 3 October 2024   
 22
View  comments
Hailey Bieber shared a sweet tribute to her newborn son Jack Blues with her latest blinged-out accessory. 
The model, 27, showed off a sparkling necklace featuring her son's 'JBB' initials in a new Instagram post on Tuesday, a little over a month after she and husband Justin Bieber, 30, announced his birth.
'It's October and I'm someone's Mom,' the Rhode beauty founder wrote in the caption, adding a carved pumpkin emoji. 
Hailey also posted a photo of the back of husband Justin's baseball hat, which was stitched with Jack's first and middle name in blue.
It comes after recent reports that 'stressed' Justin is desperately trying to shut out the mounting speculation about his connection with Sean 'Diddy' Combs — following his recent arrest — and choosing to focus on his role as a first-time dad.
Hailey Bieber, 27, shared a sweet tribute to her one-month-old son Jack Blues with her latest blinged-out necklace featuring his initials 
The model showed off a sparkling necklace in a new Instagram post on Tuesday, a little over a month after she and husband Justin Bieber, 30, announced his birth
Hailey shared a number of snaps showing off the Alex Moss design, including a snap of her in a pink face mask while wearing the necklace. 
The necklace features around 4 carats of pavé-set natural white diamonds, set in 14K gold, according to Page Six. 
For additional bling, Hailey wore her chunky 'B' necklace, which was also designed by Moss. 
She got the bling in honor of her last name, after tying the knot with the Baby singer in 2019.
Another snap in the carousel showed the new mom wearing a chic outfit featuring a black top, blue jeans and an oversized grey blazer. 
She also posted a mirror selfie in a cozy sweater while showing off her Rhode phone case. 
There was also a close-up of her taking a phone call. 
Hailey went on to share a snap of her flawless skin, and another one of her using a Rhode skincare product. 
There was also an artistic snap of her lips in a camera viewfinder. 
Hailey also posted a photo of the back of husband Justin's baseball hat, which was stitched with Jack's first and middle name in blue
Another snap in the carousel showed the new mom wearing a chic outfit featuring a black top, blue jeans and an oversized grey blazer
She also posted a mirror selfie in a cozy sweater while showing off her Rhode phone case
There was also a close-up of her taking a phone call
Hailey went on to share a snap of her flawless skin
Another photo showed her using a Rhode skincare product
There was also an artistic snap of her lips in a camera viewfinder 
Her followers were also treated to a glimpse of her fall decor, which featured orange burning outdoor candles
The beauty also enjoyed a cup of coffee 
Lastly the influencer hilariously shared a meme of a puppy in a grey headband and wearing a pearl earring with the caption 'Hailey Bieber'
Her followers were also treated to a glimpse of her fall decor, which featured orange burning outdoor candles. 
Lastly the influencer hilariously shared a meme of a puppy in a grey headband and wearing a pearl earring with the caption 'Hailey Bieber.' 
Justin shared the arrival of his and the model's son with his fans at the end of August, posting a heartwarming photo of the baby's tiny foot.
Hailey's pregnancy was only known to the public for a relatively short time, as she managed to keep it hidden for an astounding six months.
She finally went public with her pregnancy reveal on May 9, 2024, when she shared photos of herself and Justin renewing their marriage vows in Hawaii.
Recently it was reported that her husband Justin is desperately trying to shut out the mounting speculation about his relationship with Diddy and focus on being a father, but those close to him are fearful he is becoming increasingly stressed under the pressure.
Combs, 54, was arrested in New York on September 16 and hit with an indictment accusing him of years of coercion and abuse while using blackmail and violence to control his victims.
Justin's formerly close bond with the disgraced rapper has since come under intense scrutiny - with troubling videos of a then-15 year-old Bieber spending '48 hours with Diddy', as well as the pair partying together, resurfacing online.
The Canadian hitmaker shared the arrival of his and the model's son with his fans at the end of August, posting a heartwarming photo of the baby's tiny foot and revealing his name 
Hailey went public with her pregnancy reveal on May 9, 2024; the pair seen in an instagram snap
It comes after reports that Justin is trying to shut out mounting speculation about his relationship with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, following the rapper's recent arrest; seen in 2010
Bieber has not publicly commented, but fans have voiced fears over his 'thin' appearance.
Now sources tell DailyMail.com that the singer feels he has no one to talk to about the Diddy revelations and is 'sailing these waters alone.'
'Justin feels like there is no one that he can talk to that understands and, to be honest, he doesn't even fully understand,' the insider explained. 'He was a kid.'
The source added that the fallout comes amid his current struggles to try and be a good parent having not had the best example from his own father, Jeremy Bieber.
'Justin is stressed right now,' the insider continued. 'He has a baby boy and trying to be a good dad without having anything to reference what a good father is.'
Speaking to the fragile singer's emotional state, the source added: 'He is sailing these waters alone and everyone fears that if Hailey shows any struggles with being a first time mom then this is going to be incredibly difficult for Justin.'
'Diddy could not have happened at a worse time as he is trying to experience the joy of being a father with the pain of having to deal with all of this.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group