Hailey Bieber has shown her growing baby bump in new sweet photos taken with her husband Justin Bieber.
The parents-to-be looked stylish as they kissed and posed for photos weeks after announcing Hailey's pregnancy. The 27-year-old model, who is said to be six months pregnant, flaunted her baby bump in an unbuttoned top paired with jeans and black shoes during a night out.
The 30-year-old singer donned an all-black outfit with a white and green hat and shoes of the same colours. The photos were published by Justin on his Instagram profile and his pregnant wife Hailey shared the post on her Stories, with the caption "Mom n Dad fr", meaning "Mum and dad for real".
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber shows off baby bump in tiny pink crop top after pregnancy announcement
Many commented on the pair's photos with one fan writing: "Baby Bieber is so big!!!!! Mama and daddy look hot." Another fan added: "Love you both can't wait for baby Bieber." A fanpage for the couple commented: "Crying because you two are the cutest and hottest parents."
Someone described the couple as "precious" while another fan said they are "adorable". The latest post comes days after Hailey shared some pictures of her baby bump on Instagram. The Rhode Skin founder shared pictures of herself in different looks including denim overall, a pink butterfly-style crop top and white t-shirt, enjoying a getaway with Justin.
While wearing the butterfly-styled crop top, Hailey's stomach was on full display and she was seen holding her bump. Hailey also showed off her bump when wearing a baggy white t-shirt and sipping a drink, looking unbothered.
The comment section was full of support from Hailey's fans and friends. One person commented: "The most beautiful mom there is." Another person wrote: "You're so beautiful and glowing mama."
Justin and Hailey, who tied the knot in 2018, announced their pregnancy on social media at the beginning of May. They made the announcement by posting a sweet video and some photos on the social media platform, which were shot during their vow renewal in Hawaii.
Millions of people liked the couple's posts and hundreds of thousands commented on them, to congratulate Justin and Hailey. The gender of the baby is not known yet but there have already been rumours about the potential name the couple could choose.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
In a strange twist, fans reckon Hailey could swipe a name that Justin's ex Selena Gomez had reserved for when she has a baby. Justin's fans took to X to share their memes about how messy it could get if Hailey picked the name... Emory. Selena spoke of her love for the name at an event in 2010, saying: "I like Emory. Which is E-M-O-R-Y. Insert my husband's last name, Yeah, 'Emory Bieber.' "
It has sparked fans to create their own memes about what would happen if Hailey picked the sweet name for herself. One fan joked: "Hailey should name the child Emory just for s****s and giggles," while another X/Twitter user said: "Wouldn't it be just funny if Hailey named her kid Emory."
A third chimed in: "If Hailey was Real like Realll bad mind, she'd name their name her baby Emory." A fourth agreed: "For real, somebody check on Selena because this is how I expect her to be right now and the day Hailey calls her child Emory."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.