An interview of Justin Bieber is making the rounds on social media.
The video comes from an interview Justin did with Zane Lowe on Beats 1 for Apple Music. He was promoting his new album at the time, Changes.
Zane asked Justin about his friendship with Billie Eilish. Billie grew up as a huge fan of the singer and famously fangirled when they met at Coachella in 2019.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber tries to shut down Justin divorce rumours again with subtle move
When asked if he felt protective of the then-up-and-coming singer, Justin said: "Yeah, I definitely feel protective of her."
"It was hard for me being that young and being in the industry and not knowing where to turn and everyone telling me they loved me and you know, just turning their back on you in a second," he added.
The now 30-year-old star wiped tears away as he said: "I just kind of let her do her thing and if she ever needs me I'm going to be here for her."
"I just want to protect her. I don't want her to lose it. I don't want her to go through anything I went through," he continued, "I don't wish that upon anybody. So yeah, if she ever needs me, I'm just a call away."
After shooting to stardom at a young age, he was thrust into the spotlight. Justin went through a turbulent time during his teenage years including being charged with a DUI and vandalism. He's also been open about the depression and anxiety he's experienced throughout his career.
The interview with Zane Lowe isn't the only Justin video that that gone viral.
A clip of Justin with Diddy has also been reshared on social media. In one, a 15-year-old Justin and 40-year-old Diddy are facing the camera as Diddy shares what the two will be up to in the coming days.
"He's having forty-eight hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose, but it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream," he said in the video. The music mogul later added: "I don't have legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next forty-eight hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.