Kanye West's ex-assistant Lauren Pisciotta has lobbed some serious claims at the rapper in a shocking legal battle.
Pisciotta, who took West to court in June over alleged stalking and sexual harassment, has updated her lawsuit with fresh allegations. She's claiming that West harboured an "obsession" with the idea of bedding the mothers of the women he fancied as part of his sexual fantasies.
One of these women is said to be Bianca Censori's mum. The Mirror obtained court papers that say West boasted to Pisciotta in a text on September 28 about a raunchy chat he had with Bianca Censori.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
In this supposed chat, West is accused of telling Censori he "wants to have sex with her mother who was visiting Los Angeles from Australia". West is then said to have sent Pisciotta a screenshot of this conversation along with Censori's response.
The legal docs claim: "Within the screenshot that Defendant shared with Plaintiff, KANYE WEST a.k.a YE says to Bianca Censori: 'I wanna f--- your mom Before she leaves'. After KANYE WEST a.k.a YE shared the screenshot of the text conversation he was having with Bianca Censori, Defendant then texted Plaintiff and said: 'Just took the toxicities up a level'."
"KANYE WEST a.k.a YE then immediately asked Plaintiff if he should send the following text message to Bianca Censori after he previously said he wanted to fuck Bianca Censori's mother: 'Should I ad I meant I want you to watch me f--- your mom'," according to the claims made in the lawsuit.
West then claimed Censori replied to his message saying she was going to have sex with someone else. The alleged text message from West to Pisciotta read: "'This is what she [Bianca Censori] wrote she's [Bianca Censori's mother] married I'm going to f--- someone this weekend and tell you the next time you're inside me'," the lawsuit alleges.
Notably, at the time these messages were exchanged, Censori was not married to West; however, they did eventually tie the knot on November 2022. Censori is described as West's "on call sex-party participant/employee on a YEEZY, LLC work visa".
Elsewhere in the lawsuit, West has been accused of "frequently" discussing his "fetish and unusual desire to be cheated on and/or humiliated and hurt by his sexual partners so that he could watch and/or be told exact details of the sexual encounter, including, but not limited to, the penis size of the male participants and the women's reaction to the male participants penis size."
The updated documents continue: "Defendant would often boast and send videos, photos and screenshots of conversations he had with his sexual partners to 'show-off' to Plaintiff when he had a new fantasy on his mind."
West has kept quiet on the fresh allegations, but his rep previously refuted Pisciotta's initial lawsuit claims. His lawyer hit back at the accusations as "baseless" when speaking to TMZ, writing off Pisciotta's moves as nothing more than "blackmail and extortion".
Daily Star has approached spokesperson for West and Censori, as well as his attorney, for a comment.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.