search
Nahum and Alice Lainer built the house in celebrity-heavy gated neighborhood in 1995
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
UCLA sports benefactors Nahum and Alice Lainer have listed their Beverly Park estate for $26.5 million, marking the first time the property has gone up for sale.
The Lainers built the roughly 8,000-square-foot home at 28 Beverly Park Terrace in 1995, one of the first houses constructed in the gated community that’s home to celebrities such as Adele, Rod Stewart, Denzel Washington and Justin Bieber.
Coldwell Banker Realty’s Steve Frankel, who has the listing, described the property as Palladian and reminiscent of a Tuscan villa.
The Mediterranean-style home sits on a 2.7-acre lot with four beds and seven baths. A pool, gardens, fruit trees and enough space for 10 cars are among the estate’s amenities.
Frankel, who spoke with The Real Deal Friday morning just ahead of showings at the property, said it has attracted strong interest.
“We are getting so much activity on it because we are priced right,” Frankel explained. “For you to be able to buy into Beverly Park at this price point is rare and hasn’t happened in years.”
Last year, Mark Wahlberg’s home in the gated neighborhood sold for $55 million, after originally asking nearly $88 million in 2022. Sylvester Stallone sold his Beverly Park mansion last year to Adele for $58 million. The home originally listed for $110 million in 2021.
Most recently, a 16,000-square-foot mansion at 51 Beverly Park Way, with a $48.5 million ask, went into contract. In May, a 28,500-square-foot mansion at 73 Beverly Park Lane was listed for $89.9 million. There’s also the 23 Beverly Park Terrace home owned by Rod Stewart, which hit the market last June. It saw a price cut to $74 million in February before being taken off the market, according to Zillow.  
Their home listing is the latest real estate move this year by the Lainers.
In March, the two paid $7.8 million for Unit 20C at the Wilshire House in what marked, at the time, Los Angeles County’s priciest condo sale. The 5,400-square-foot unit spans the entire floor of the ritzy luxury tower and has three beds and five baths.
The philanthropic couple are long-time supporters of UCLA’s athletic program. They met while earning their undergraduate degrees at the school and cheered for the Bruins basketball team on their second date. Their contributions to the college include establishing a UCLA men’s basketball scholarship program in 1990 and going in with a group of other supporters on a fund focused on recruiting top coaching talent. 
In recognition of their gifts, UCLA’s athletic director’s formal job title is The Alice and Nahum Lainer Family Director of Athletics.  
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.