Manage your account
Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant held their sangeet, a pre-wedding celebration, on Friday.
The event featured a star-studded guest list and a performance by Justin Bieber.
The couple's wedding ceremony is from July 12 to July 14 in Mumbai, India.
The wedding of the year has almost arrived.
Radhika Merchant and Anant Ambani, the youngest son of Asia's richest man, will marry on July 12 at the Jio World Convention Centre in Mumbai. Guests will be treated to a weekend of festivities, with activities on July 13 and the reception on July 14.
The couple's upcoming nuptials hit social media in March when videos and photos surfaced of lavish pre-wedding festivities hosted by the Ambani family. The family's patriarch, Mukesh Ambani, chairman of Reliance Industries, has a net worth of $123.4 billion. His wife, Nita Ambani, is a philanthropist who serves as chairperson of the Reliance Foundation.
The pre-wedding celebrations have been extravagant, like hiring Rihanna for a private performance in March, and the most recent event — a sangeet ceremony on Friday in Mumbai — was no exception.
Anant and Radhika hosted the traditional musical celebration that unites the couple's families. The pair arrived in ensembles designed by Abu Jani and Sandeep Khosla.
As expected, the Ambanis went above and beyond with the performances and booked Justin Bieber. Paparazzi captured photos of Bieber arriving in Mumbai on Friday, and the singer shared several photos from the event on his Instagram account on Saturday.
He posed with Merchant and Anant in several photos.
Videos showing Bieber singing "Sorry" and other songs at the party have gained traction on Twitter and TikTok, including the official French outlet Le Parisien account.
Representatives for Bieber did not respond to a request for comment from Business Insider.
The entire event was a star-studded affair.
Several celebrities posed for photos at the sangeet, including actors Kiara Advani and Sidharth Malhotra.
Actor Varun Dhawan also attended the event with his wife, Natasha Dalal, while Vidya Balan attended with her husband, Siddharth Roy Kapur.
Other actors included Jaaved Jaaferi, Janhvi Kapoor, Sara Ali Khan, and Khushi Kapoor.
Several athletes posed for photos, too.
Cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni and his wife, Sakshi Dhoni, attended the event together.
Photos also captured Shreyas Iyer, Ishan Kishan, and Hardik Pandya.
The Ambanis are accustomed to hosting high-profile individuals — pre-wedding festivities in March brought out Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg and Microsoft founder Bill Gates.
Read the original article on Business Insider