Demi Moore celebrated Halloween by showing off one of her super scary looks from The Substance, a body horror film she starred in with Margaret Qualley. 
Demi Moore was ahead of the curve when it came to her Halloween costume.  In fact, the Ghost actress recently detailed some behind-the-scenes looks at her character in The Substance, a body horror film she starred in along with Margaret Qualley, which hit theaters Sept. 20.  “Spoiler alert,” Demi joked in her Oct. 31 Instagram post, alongside photos that showed her looking unrecognizable in elaborate old face and body makeup. “Been holding onto these gems from @trythesubstance and today feels like an appropriate day to share them. Happy Halloween from Elisabeth Sparkle.” Other photos saw Demi’s haggard face covered in blood, and her posing in a half-costumed look—complete with a prosthetic torso, arms and her full makeup, as well as Spanks and black Birkenstock clogs—while she cradled her micro Chihuahua Pilaf.  Of course, Demi’s look wasn’t the only jaw-dropping transformation revealed from the Mubi film. Last week, record producer Jack Antonoff showed off one of his wife Margaret’s looks from the film. 
In a screenshot of a FaceTime call, Jack—who married the Maid star in 2023—posed in the corner square wearing a surgical mask, as Margaret looked dazed into the camera with monstrous prosthetics covering her entire face. Jack added in the caption, “Go see The Substance!”
Meanwhile, other stars are using Demi herself as inspiration for their Halloween looks. Indeed, Kylie Jenner shared on social media Oct. 31 that her costume was a recreation of the actress’ Striptease poster. 
In the photo, Kylie recreated the iconic image to a T, sporting long black hair with slightly blown-out bangs and posing to cover her otherwise naked body. Naturally, Kylie tagged the original star of the 1996 film, further proving the homage. 
And celebrities have been full of clever references for this year’s holiday. Jennifer Garner nodded to herself by dressing as Jenna Rink, her iconic character from 13 Going on 30. And Halle Bailey paid tribute to her near-name twin, Halle Berry, by donning a look as Jinx from the latter actress’ James Bond film, Die Another Day. 
Keep reading for more stars' unique Halloween looks. 
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.