The 14-year-old singer-songwriter also released a new song, "X's," on Thursday (Sept. 5).

													By
												

	Jessica Nicholson


Maddox Batson, a 14-year-old singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist whose breakthrough song, “Tears in the River,” made its way to the top 20 on Spotify’s U.S. Viral 50 chart earlier this year, has signed a deal with Warner Records, the company tells Billboard. On Thursday (Sept. 5), Batson also releases a new song, “X’s” (video below).

	“Just seeing what they did with [Batson’s now-Warner labelmates] Zach Bryan, Warren Zeiders, all those people, it just felt like a no-brainer for me [to sign with Warner],” Batson tells Billboard via Zoom. “I could tell they were going to take care of me and not push me to do things that I don’t want to do. They make sure I do everything right for my artistry and everything that’s right for my fans.”

	In March, Batson released a video for “Tears in the River” on TikTok. The clip has since surged to 12.5 million views, and the impact has spilled over into streaming — the song, which Batson wrote with Nick Bailey, Josh Dorr, Benjamin Negrin and Elysse Yulo, has earned over 6 million streams on Spotify’s platform alone.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“It was one of my first-ever writing sessions with more than just one person,” Batson says. “We got in the room and were thinking, ‘What do girls want to hear?’ They want to hear that you want to take care of them, maybe they got out of a bad relationship, they come to you and now it’s going to be a good relationship. And that’s what we wrote.”

	Batson’s follow-up single, the polished pop-country track “I Wanna Know,” has more than 2 million streams on Spotify. But it’s not only his music that’s connecting with fans — so is Batson’s gregarious, social media-savvy persona. A TikTok clip released in February that showed him getting ready to attend a dance earned over 30 million views.

	Warner Records CEO/co-chairman Aaron Bay-Schuck told Billboard in a statement, “Several members of our Warner A&R team were the first people to bring Maddox to my attention after seeing his growth online. We were immediately drawn to his star power and charisma, as well as his fantastic instincts with respect to self promotion. While the social metrics were outpacing the consumption story, what we did find is that Maddox is a naturally gifted songwriter who sees an open lane for himself and has a clear vision for how he is going to own it. 

	“We look forward to nurturing his artist development process as he hones his craft, works with those who will help make him better and solidify his sound, and continue to build a strong fanbase that is with him not only for his online persona but because they love the music he makes and what he represents. We are confident we have Country and Pop’s next young star in Maddox.”

	Batson was born in Nashville and raised in Birmingham, Ala. Growing up, he was inspired by ‘80s and ‘90s country artists including Alan Jackson and George Strait, but also the pop sounds of artists such as Justin Bieber. Last summer, he played more than 20 shows, honing his sound and developing his musical skills through playing with his musician father.

	Maddox says he was inspired to write his new song, “X’s,” after attending an Abby Anderson concert at Brooklyn Bowl in Nashville.

	“I walked in and of course, your boy is not old enough to drink alcohol, so the security guard drew a big X on my hand. The show was great, and when I went to the studio the next day and this guy saw the X on my hand — I promise, I shower, it was just written in Sharpie — but he saw my hand and we just wrote this song in 15 minutes. It was one of the easiest writing experiences of my life.”

	Recording the song, however, was not without a minor challenge or two.

	“Just seeing that song coming from the demo to the final version is just so crazy because my voice changed while we recorded those two different versions [demo and master recording] of the song,” Batson says. “So we had to [record] it in a completely different key. But seeing it come out is going to be absolutely money. I’m so excited.”

	In addition to writing his own hits, Batson’s song “Tough” — which he wrote about his father and grandfathers — was recently recorded and released by Lana Del Rey (who is prepping a country album titled Lasso) and Quavo.

	“I come from a long line of farmers,” Batson says of writing the song. “My mom’s dad was a tobacco farmer and my dad grew up in the construction sites, so just really work ethic-heavy people, and hopefully that got passed down.”

	Batson, who is signed with Prosper Entertainment for management, WME for booking and Warner Chappell for publishing, says he expects a project to be released in 2025. In June, he joined singer-songwriter Wyatt Flores to perform Flores’ “Please Don’t Go” during Nashville’s CMA Fest. Days later, he also became the youngest artist to perform at the popular Nashville music series Whiskey Jam, with a full-capacity audience that caused Whiskey Jam to expand entry to the normally 21-and-up show to fans of all ages.

	Presently, Batson — who is starting ninth grade and transitioned to homeschool just before releasing “Tears in the River” — is balancing school with a slate of primarily weekend tour dates opening for “I Hope” hitmaker Gabby Barrett.

	“Yeah, when I finish up this interview, I’m enrolling for the new school year,” he says.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.