TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
The concert lineup at the Pavilion at Star Lake got even more crowded with the addition of two more shows Tuesday.
Pop duo Dan + Shay will visit the Burgettstown venue on Aug. 2, while singer-songwriter James Taylor, with his all-star band, will stop on Sept. 7.
Taylor, who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000, has been performing for more than 50 years, with songs like “Fire and Rain,” “You’ve Got a Friend” and “Shower the People.”
Tickets go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday at livenation.com, with Live Nation and Ticketmaster presales beginning at 10 a.m. Wednesday.
Taylor’s last Pittsburgh show was on Aug. 3, 2021, at PPG Paints Arena.
Comprised of Shay Mooney and Wexford native Dan Smyers, Dan + Shay bring their Heartbreak on the Map tour, joined by a pair of country music singers, Jake Owen and Dylan Marlowe.
Dan + Shay won three straight Grammys for best country duo/group performance from 2019-21 for “Tequila,” “Speechless,” and “10,000 Hours,” which featured Justin Bieber. Their latest album, “Bigger Houses,” was released on Sept. 15, 2023.
• Drake and J. Cole wow old and new fans at PPG Paints Arena
• Guitarist Selwyn Birchwood, nominated for 4 Blues Music Awards, heading to Pittsburgh
• 2024 Pittsburgh area concert calendar
Tickets for Dan + Shay also go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday at livenation.com, with some presales beginning as early as 11 a.m. Tuesday.
Dan + Shay’s last show in Pittsburgh came in 2022 as support for Kenny Chesney’s concert at Heinz Field.
Mike Palm is a TribLive digital producer who also writes music reviews and features. A Westmoreland County native, he joined the Trib in 2001, where he spent years on the sports copy desk, including serving as night sports editor. He has been with the multimedia staff since 2013. He can be reached at mpalm@triblive.com.


Remove the ads
 from your TribLIVE reading experience
but still support the journalists
who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

Get Ad-Free >

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE
TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
1-800-909-8742
Fax (724) 779-8743
210 Wood StreetTarentum, PA 15084
© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Advertise
Career Opportunities
Contact Advertising
Contact Newsroom
Contact Us
Feedback
Request Correction
Resource Center
Scholarship Opportunities
Send Letter to the Editor
Send News Tip
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Blog
Email Newsletters
eTrib
Facebook
Home Delivery
Instagram
LinkedIn
Marketing Minute
Store Locations
TribLIVE App - App Store
TribLIVE App - Google Play
X (formerly Twitter)
Arts & Entertainment
Best of the Best
Business Directory
Contests
Lifestyles
Local
News
YaJagOff
Obituaries
Opinion
Our Publications
Real Estate
Sports
Video
Weather
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service