Hailey Bieber spoke to W magazine for her first big interview since announcing her pregnancy. The model and Rhode founder revealed to the outlet that she came close to never publicly revealing the news, and addressed how “hurt” she was and still is by hateful comments about her marriage to Justin Bieber circulating online.
“People have made me feel so bad about my relationship since day one,” she said, noting that she works with a therapist to try to “compartmentalize” the negativity. “‘Oh, they’re falling apart. They hate each other. They’re getting divorced.’ It’s like people don’t want to believe that we’re happy. I used to try to act like it hurts less and less. I’ve tried to think that you get used to it at a certain point, that this is what’s going to be said and this is how people are going to be. But I realize that it doesn’t actually ever hurt any less.”
She remains very in love with her husband and said she is enjoying the last part of their relationship where it’s just the two of them. “In the beginning [of pregnancy], it was super emotional for me,” she recalled. “Like, ‘I love this human so much. How can I possibly bring someone else into this?’ I’m trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us.”
Hailey detailed her decision to make the announcement when she was over six months pregnant, explaining how she hid it and why she ultimately chose to share the update at all.  “I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time,” she said. “I didn’t have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff.”
“I probably could have hid it until the end,” she acknowledged. “But I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly. I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.