Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
R&B and pop star Usher’s 11.5 million fans on Twitter are getting a rude awakening this morning.
It’s gone.
The account is still there but all the posts have been wiped clean.
His Instagram is still in place but with pictures from his current tour, sold out through the fall.
But Usher’s move today feels like it’s connected to the arrest and scandal surrounding Sean P Diddy Combs. Diddy is locked up in a dirty Brooklyn jail cell after accusations of sexual malfeasance that makee the hair stand up.

 Usher was a child star groomed and launched by Diddy in the 90s. Diddy was actually his legal guardian. There is a lot of gossip and speculation on the web now about their relationship, and what Usher may have seen or experienced over the years.
There’s also a lot of talk about Justin Bieber, who was then mentored as a child by Usher. Bieber at 15 spent a lot of time with Diddy, all recorded on video, by themselves. In recent years, Bieber has had a number of mental health issues. He’s dropped out of a couple of tours, and stopped recording. 
Of course, one person who might shed some light on all of this is Scooter Braun, who managed Bieber and promoted all these relationships. This year Braun dropped out of managing artists entirely so he could be part of KPop’s Hybe company. But Braun is where all roads lead back to.
Meantime, Usher’s feed is gone, with all his comments and all of his fans.
This clip of P Diddy (40) and Justin Bieber (15) has been going viral along with the clip of Diddy asking a 17 yr old Justin Beiber why he doesn't wanna hang out with him anymore…It’s super creepy seeing all these videos of Diddy coming to light, but what's really concerning… pic.twitter.com/3yRcsW8vm2
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com