Romance is certainly not dead, right?
Whether you love spoiling your other half with food or flowers, there's so many ways to get a smile on their face. Now one fella recently treated his missus, but not in a way you'd think. After not seeing his partner for months, one bloke decided to get a new hairstyle to surprise her – and he really did.
And thanks to social media, TikTok user @cam_barber shared the transformation in a clip which scooped over 5,500 likes and dozens of comments. In the video, it showed the customer with long hair which resembled Justin Bieber's locks. The man admitted he's not had a haircut for three months and now he's looking to get done up well.
He said: "[My] mum found Cam on Instagram and then my girlfriend comes tomorrow from Canada, so starting school here next week, I gotta get looking good." Meanwhile Cam replied: "Wow best mum, helping you to look good for your girlfriend." Then he asked whether his girlfriend loves good or bad boys, to which he replied: "Good boy."
And after seeking Cam's help to "look better", the hairdresser finally got to work on his 21-year-old client. Then seconds later, the client is rocking a completely new look. The video finished with his mum saying: "I think it looks great." Meanwhile over in the comments section, viewers couldn't help but swoon over his transformation.
One said: "He got the bad boy haircut," while another added: "His girlfriend will definitely love this." Then a third commented: "Handsome." Someone else gushed over Cam's work and claimed: "I am so glad you helped him."
Meanwhile this isn't the first haircut transformation we've seen in recent weeks. A man who didn't cut his hair for two years wowed fans with his new look. The customer explained that it had been two years since he last had a trim and his wife was complaining about it getting "too long."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.