KISS performing at the Prudential Center in Newark in 2019. The rock band recently sold the rights to its entire music catalog, image and likeness to Pophouse Entertainment to keep their legacy alive. (Aristide Economopoulos | NJ Advance Media)  Aristide Economopoulos | NJ Advance Media
KISS has sold the rights to their entire music catalog including publishing and master recordings, name, logo, image and likeness to Swedish company Pophouse Entertainment for $300 million, Fortune reported.
Pophouse Entertainment is the same one behind ABBA’s popular live avatar show and it plans to use similar technology to launch a KISS avatar show in the United States.
KISS icon Gene Simmons told the business publication that after touring for 50 years, “KISS the touring band is over.”
“What Pophouse will do with our images, our music and our personas is unlike anything anyone has ever seen,” Simmons told Fortune in an interview.
The KISS avatar show will begin in the United States in 2027 though the city has yet to be announced, according to Billboard.
“We went to see the ABBA show and it blew our socks off,” Simmons told the Billboard. “And the technology since then has improved by leaps and bounds. We’ve seen sketches of what it will look like and we looked like the X-Men.”
Pophouse Entertainment CEO Per Sundin told Billboard the company has a lot of plans in store for KISS in order to keep the legacy alive for fans.
“We want to extend and amplify it for new generations,” Sundin told the music magazine.
Fans got a preview of the KISS avatars last year during the band’s final concert of the End of the Road farewell tour at Madison Square Garden when large digital versions of the band members were projected on the video screens and stage during “God Gave Rock and Roll to You II.”
In recent years, several artists like Katy Perry and Justin Bieber have sold rights to their music catalogs for money, as well as Bruce Springsteen, who sold his publishing catalog to Sony in a massive $500 million deal in 2021.
Saleah Blancaflor may be reached at sblancaflor@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter at @saleyley and Instagram.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices