Selena Gomez has denied dating John F. Kennedy’s only grandson.
The singer and actress, 31, who is seeing record producer Benny Blanco, 36, hit out after a fan account said “a few tabloids” had reported she was an item with John Schlossberg, 31, between 2020 and 2021.
She said on Instagram about the gossip: “Never met this human, sorry.”
John has not publicly responded to the rumor and it’s unclear if he was dating someone from 2020 to 2021, when Selena was apparently single.
Selena and Benny have been an item since last summer but the singer did not reveal their romance until December 2023.
She announced the news with a string of Instagram comments in which she hailed Benny as her “absolute everything” and “the best thing that’s ever happened” to her.
Selena said online at the time: “He has treated me better than any human being on this planet.”
She has since regularly filled her social media to share displays of affection with Benny.
One of her most recent sentimental posts showed a photo of her being cuddled and kissed on the head by Benny.
She marked his birthday in March with the Instagram tribute: “Happy birthday baby! Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me.” Selena also wrote alongside a carousel of pictures of the producer: “I love you @itsbennyblanco!”
She also recently revealed she was convinced she had found someone who makes her feel “rare."
A source told Entertainment Tonight about their romance: “Benny is a great communicator, is honest and open with Selena, and listens to her.
“He’s respectful, isn’t a player, and not in it for the attention or fame.”
The insider added Benny “doesn’t care” about Selena’s fame, which means she “really trusts him."
Selena dated The Weeknd, born Abel Tesfaye, before Benny, and was with the musician and actor, 34, for 10 months before they ended things in 2017.
Her other exes also include Justin Bieber, 30, who she dated on-off for eight years from 2010 before he moved on with model Hailey Baldwin, 27, who he married in 2018.