Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The menswear designer partnered with artist Andrés Reisinger and the iconic LA boutique to bring contemporary art from gallery wall to wardrobe.

							By 

	Tim Chan


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	Chris Brown, Jaden Hossler, Stassie Karanikolaou and DJ Tay James were among the stars feting menswear designer Doni Nahmias Thursday, as he unveiled a new capsule collection with artist Andrés Reisinger and famed LA boutique Maxfield.

	The collaboration combines Reisinger’s dreamy digital aesthetic with Nahmias’ genre-bending streetwear, which draw from music, athletics and the California coast. The resulting capsule introduces graphic T-shirts, denim, luxe hoodies and even casual suiting adorned with Reisinger’s iconic apple symbol and the words, Pollen, Take Over, Blush. The idea: to take conceptual art from gallery wall to wardrobe, with wearable pieces “where digital and physical artistry converge.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The Hottest New Timepieces from Watches & Wonders, from a Brand-New Rolex to the IWC Brad Pitt Wears in 'F1		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Fashion Designer Riccardo Tisci Accused of Drugging, Sexually Assaulting New York Man in Legal Complaint		
			








	Maxfield is supporting the collection with a window takeover and full-scale installation (featuring a large apple in the middle) at their Melrose Avenue location in West Hollywood. For Nahmias, the chance to work with such an iconic institution was a culmination of years of hard work and manifestation. In an Instagram post, the designer shared an email he wrote to the Maxfield buying team back in 2016, when he was just starting out. “It has been a dream of mine to get some of my designs into your store,” he wrote. Consider this a dream come true.

	In a press release, Nahmias says he’s grateful for the journey that has brought him to this point — and this store — in his career. “I was still so young and didn’t know much about the industry and designers, I was so uneducated,” he recalls. “But when I walked into that store, I instantly fell in love with it—the vibe, the prestige, the art. If it wasn’t for Maxfield,” he continues, “I don’t think I would be the designer I am today or have pushed my boundaries so hard.”

	Of course, Nahmias is now a full-fledged label these days, with the designer’s pieces seen on everyone from Justin Bieber to Ferrari F1 star Charles Leclerc. In addition to Maxfield, the brand is available online on sites like Farfetch, Saks Fifth Avenue and The Webster, among others. 

	The Maxfield takeover follows Nahmias’ recent collaboration with the NHL’s Arizona Coyotes, which saw the designer create reworked versions of hockey jerseys and Bauer ice skates for the Phoenix-based team. He also released a collection with rapper Kodak Black, which was first unveiled at Paris Fashion Week last January.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.