Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber welcomed their first child together: Jack Blues Bieber. Find out the adorable meaning behind the newborn's name.
Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber have a new somebody to love.
The "Peaches" singer and Rhode Beauty founder welcomed their first child together, a baby named Jack Blues Bieber, Justin confirmed on Instagram on Aug. 23.
The 30-year-old shared the news, writing, "WELCOME HOME," while Hailey also celebrated by reposting Justin's photo to her Instagram Story with a blue heart.
And baby Jack's name seemingly pays tribute to someone very special in the couple's lives, as "Jack" is the middle name of Justin's father: Jeremy Jack Bieber.
Jack Blues Bieber also continues Justin's family tradition of having "JB" as their initials, with the "Sorry" singer's half-siblings Jazmyn Bieber, 16, and Jaxon Bieber, 14—whom Jeremy shares with ex Erin Wagner—also fitting the "JB" bill.
Justin and Hailey—who tied the knot in 2018—first announced they were expecting in May, sharing photos and videos to their Instagram accounts that showcased not only Hailey's baby bump but also their sweet vow renewal in Hawaii.
And Hailey had a very specific reason for choosing to keep her pregnancy under wraps until her second trimester.
"I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time," she told W Magazine in July. "I didn't have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff."
And while she thinks she "probably could have hid it until the end," the 27-year-old wanted the joy of celebrating her news, especially because she did not like "the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly."
"I felt like I was hiding this big secret," she explained, "and it didn't feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life."
As for Justin, the Grammy winner has been thinking about expanding his family with Hailey for years.
"I'd love to have myself a little tribe," Justin said on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2020. "I am going to have as many as Hailey is wishing to push out—it's her body and whatever she wants to do—I think she wants to have a few."
For more of Justin and Hailey's road to parenthood, keep reading.
Business Partners
In April 2025, Hailey Bieber shared a mirror selfie wearing a new leather jacket that she was designing to support Justin Bieber's new clothing brand Skylrk.
Colorado Getaway
Justin and Hailey had some fun in the snow while vacationing in Aspen, Colo., in January 2025.
Afternoon Stroll
Three months after welcoming their son Jack Blues Bieber, the smile-filled couple took a walk outside together.
6th Wedding Anniversary
Three weeks after Jack arrived, Justin and Hailey celebrated a relationship  milestone in September 2024.
Baby, Baby!
The Biebers announced the arrival of their first child together in August 2024.
Justin and Hailey, wearing Jordan Road earrings, shared this kissing photo on their Instagram pages in honor of their fifth wedding anniversary in 2023.
"To the most precious, my beloved." Justin wrote on Instagram. "You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let's keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
"5," Hailey wrote on her Instagram to celebrate their fifth anniversary. "I love you."
The couple was over the moon in love as they got ready to take flight.
Justin and Hailey looked so darn cute cuddled up together!
The two cuddled up during an outing at the lake.
Justin and Hailey couldn't keep their hands off each other while making out in the water.
In July 2018, Justin confirmed his engagement to Hailey in a lengthy Instagram post. "Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly," he captioned this photo. "My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first," he continued. "You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!"
He also shared this shot as part of the engagement announcement, writing, "It's funny because now with you everything seems to make sense!" He added, "My goodness does feel good to have our future secured! WERE GONNA BE BETTER AT 70 BABY HERE WE GO!" Aww!
The Biebers sharing a sweet smooch. "Hunny buns punkin," Justin captioned the photo. 
The two enjoyed a very sweet smooch to celebrate their love. 
Hailey posted this sweet pic in honor of her hubby's 25 birthday. 
"My lips get jealous of my arms cuz I can hold you with them," Justin shared. We're pretty jealous too! 
Could these two be any cuter?! "My only bubba," Hailey shared about the sweet pic. 
It may be cold outside, but they know how to keep each other warm. 
This photo might be blurry, but one thing is clear—they're so in love! 
Hailey supporting her man in the studio while he does what he loves. 
Justin's pouty pucker is courtesy of his vacation ending. Very relateable! 
Once again, these two are absolutely slaying the relationship goals! "Go best friend that's my best friend," Justin captioned the pic. 
The couple who prays together, stays together. "I know for me this conference came at the exact time I needed it, I believe God is THAT amazing and faithful that he brings us the right words during the season that we need it the most," Hailey captioned the shot with her hubby.
Amazing views for the gram. The sunset is also pretty nice! 
One of their first official shots as husband and wife! 
Even in this photo taken years ago, this pair was picture-perfect.
In January 2016, the two decided they weren't going to hide their romance any longer, and this photo of them kissing quickly circulated throughout the internet.
Hailey decided to lend a helping hand in January 2015 when she gave Justin her hair-tie right off her wrist!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.