When it comes to Hollywood couples, many high-profile duos dress to be noticed. There’s Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s masterful streetwear, and Justin and Hailey Bieber’s polar-opposite off-duty style. Whether on the red carpet or enjoying a day off, A-list pairs always step out with a clear fashion vision in mind. Another such couple? Zoë Kravitz and Channing Tatum. While promoting their new film Blink Twice this month, which Kravitz directed and Tatum stars in, the duo have opted for a stealthy and discreet aesthetic, choosing looks that whisper elegance rather than scream it from the rooftops.
Take the couple’s photo call appearance in London this weekend. Styled by Andrew Mukamal, Kravitz and Tatum did all-black dressing in a sophisticated, not boring way. Kravitz leaned into lingerie dressing with a Saint Laurent lace camisole and skirt, while Tatum slipped into slick tailoring by The Row—giving his black suit a cool slant with a white Tee and square-toe loafers.
It’s not the only subtly-cool ensembles the couple have delivered on the red carpet. Back at the film’s L.A. premiere earlier this month, they mastered all-black again; Kravitz wore a slinky, silky Saint Laurent gown with side cutouts, while Tatum looked to Versace for another streamlined black suit.
What makes their couple style so refreshing? A commitment to dressing in sync yet going so understated that you have to squint to appreciate it. So often, Hollywood couples wear outfits that clammer for your attention. Kravitz and Tatum are proving that, sometimes, the best looks are the ones that sit back, relax, and wait for you to notice them.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty