Northeast/North Central Nebraska’s most trusted, comprehensive, and timely news source
Ludacris and Lil Fate perform "Growing Pains" at the Madison County Fair in Madison on Saturday night. 
MADISON — Award-winning rapper Ludacris told the Madison crowd, “It’s my first time in the 402 and y’all are loud as (heck)” at Saturday’s show of the annual Madison County Fair and Rodeo.
While Saturday marked the first time that Ludacris had ever performed in Nebraska, he was in disbelief about the high energy that Madison presented the artist with.
“This is one of the loudest crowds we’ve ever performed for,” Ludacris told the crowd. “I did not expect Nebraska to be like this.”
The Madison County Fair, which began Tuesday and ended Sunday, was filled to the top of the barrel with family-friendly fun available to everyone.
The main show throughout the event was the Mid-States Championship Rodeo, which lasted from Tuesday to Friday; however, during the weekend two concerts captivated the hundreds of visitors to Madison County.
On Saturday, there was a 4-H and FFA beef show with a poultry show in the morning and a scavenger hunt at 4 p.m. The carnival also took place from 4 to 10 p.m.
Halfway through the carnival, outside the perimeter of the grandstand arena were hundreds of people waiting to witness one of the most prolific rappers in the past few decades.
Christopher Brian Bridges, better known as Ludacris, started his rap career 24 years ago. He has three Grammy awards, a Critic’s Choice Award and an MTV Video Music Award under his belt. Ludacris is known for his appearances in the “Fast and Furious” movie franchise and his collaborations with other popular artists such as Usher, Justin Bieber and Fergie from The Black Eyed Peas.
At 7:30 p.m. award-winning producer, Marco Antonio Rodriguez-Diaz Jr., also known as DJ Infamous, prepared the crowd for Ludacris to perform. However, during his one-hour performance, DJ Infamous played tracks such as “Party in the USA” by Katy Perry, “Levitating” by Dua Lipa, “I Got a Feeling” by The Black Eyed Peas, “Turn Down for What” by DJ Snake and “Lil Jon” and “Poison” by Bell Biv DeVoe.
Toward the end of his performance, the renowned DJ signed several articles of clothing from fans as well as a child’s shoe.
DJ Infamous brought out Ludacris around 8:30 p.m. and the rapper immediately kicked off the show with “Welcome to Atlanta,” a song by Jermaine Dupri that features Ludacris.
The Illinois rapper performed a variety of songs he has published in the past two decades, including “Number One Spot,” “Act A Fool,” “Drop Bows,” “Holidae In” and “What’s Your Fantasy.”
Ludacris also performed his most popular collaborations such as “Baby” by Justin Bieber, “Glamorous” and “Break Your Heart.”
However, DJ Infamous and Ludacris were not the only ones on stage, Ludacris brought out his high school friend, Fate Wilson, also known as Lil Fate. The rap duo performed their song, “Growing Pains,” together.
Throughout the show, both rappers entertained the crowd with trivia about Ludacris’ esteemed career and also commented on the last rapper who performed for the county fair.
“I’m not the first rapper to be here, but I’ma be the best,” Ludacris said.
Toward the end of the show, Ludacris thanked everyone who showed up to witness his performance at the county fair.
“We don’t take one fan, one show for granted,” Ludacris said.
On Sunday, to end off the self-proclaimed “best week in July,” the fair started with a church service at 9:30 a.m. as well as several family tournaments such as cornhole, an ice cream eating contest and a corn dog eating contest, and the carnival lasted from 4 to 10 p.m.
There was also a free concert that started at 7:30 p.m. with artist John Morgan, who opened for Matt Stell.
To end the night and the week, fireworks were orchestrated and an after-concert was thrown with music artist Whiskey, Tango & Foxtrot.
MADISON — A Norfolk man faces up to 32½ years in prison after being convicted of five felonies and three misdemeanors on Friday in Madison County District Court. 
The first Aging Joyfully Expo will be Wednesday, May 7, from 10 a.m. to noon at the Norfolk Family YMCA gym. 
I might have found a way of gardening I can latch onto. Chaos gardening is a popular new form of gardening that is getting tremendous interest. 
WAYNE — After dropping a mid-week doubleheader to league-leading Minnesota State on Tuesday, Wayne State used an 8-0 and 8-4 sweep in the opening doubleheader of a three-game set with Winona State on senior day at the Pete Chapman Baseball Complex to remain alive for the third seed in next w…
The annual Norfolk Classic is just over the horizon and boasts an intriguing lineup of talent. 
VALLEY — U.S. Rep. Mike Flood of Norfolk praised a decision by the Trump administration to place additional resources at the National Weather Service office in Valley. 
The Norfolk Farmers Market returns this Saturday, May 3, with improvements, new vendors and the kickoff of Visit Nebraska’s passport program. 
Jack Borgmann added another big hit to his long list of them while playing baseball at Veterans Memorial Field for six seasons. 
O’NEILL — In the final meet before districts, the Boone Central boys and Pierce girls took home victories at the Mid State Conference meet in O’Neill.  
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: