By REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:35, 19 September 2024   |  Updated:  03:46, 20 September 2024   
 155
View  comments
Footage of Sean 'Diddy' Combs with 15-year-old Justin Bieber has resurfaced online after the rapper was arrested on sex-trafficking charges.
X/Twitter users have branded the footage 'creepy', which sees Diddy, who is 24 years older than Bieber, documenting his '48 hours' staying with the young singer. 
Diddy was arrested on Monday in New York and hit with an indictment accusing him of years of coercion and abuse while using blackmail and violence to control his victims.
He has also been accused of inducing female victims and male sex workers into drugged-up, sometimes days-long sexual performances referred to as 'Freak Offs.'
In the clip Diddy, born Sean Love Combs, stands next to the young pop sensation and tells the camera: 'He's having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose. 
'But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream.' 
'Disturbing' footage of Sean 'Diddy' Combs with 15-year-old Justin Bieber has resurfaced online after the rapper was arrested on sex-trafficking charges
Bieber, 30, is said to be so deeply 'disturbed' by the news of Diddy's arrest on sex-trafficking charges that he's cut himself off from the world (pictured in 2014) 
The hip hop mogul, 54, adds: 'I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album.'  
Diddy continues: 'I don't have legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next 48 hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy.'
Bieber, wearing a black baseball cap and purple shirt smiles and looks up at Diddy throughout the video, making small comments such as 'yeah' and 'full crazy.'
Taking to X, as the footage resurfaced, social media users shared: 'These videos NEED to resurface to expose the disturbing behavior of P Diddy around a 15-year-old Justin Bieber. This is how a creepy freak behaves. DISTURBING. We should hold people accountable, no matter their status or fame!!!'; 
'This video of P Diddy & Justin Bieber will forever be creepy'; 'Diddy’s weird obsession with a young Justin Bieber was always disturbing. Hollywood needs to stop excusing these twisted power dynamics.';
'A fully grown DIDDY with 15 year old Justin Bieber talking about partying with him. Look how uncomfortable Justin Bieber is.' 
Usher himself has claimed he was exposed to some 'pretty wild' stuff while living with Diddy aged 14. 
In an unearthed interview from 2016, the Burn singer revealed details about his time living with Diddy in the spring of 1994. 
X/ Twitter users have branded the footage 'creepy', which sees Diddy, who is 24 years older than Bieber, documenting his '48 hours' staying with the young singer
Usher himself has claimed he was exposed to some 'pretty wild' stuff while living with Diddy aged 14 in 1994 (pictured in 2022) 
While appearing on The Howard Stern Show, Usher, 45, alleged that it was record producer L.A. Reid's idea to have him live with the R&B singer in Scarsdale to 'see the lifestyle'. 
When asked if Diddy's 'place was filled with chicks and orgying nonstop' by Stern, Usher replied: 'Not really... I got a chance to see some things … I don't know if I could indulge and even understand what I was looking at.
'It was pretty wild. It was crazy. There were very curious things taking place and I didn't necessarily understand it,' he admitted.
As for whether he would send his children to 'Puffy Flavor Camp,' Usher responded with an emphatic: 'Hell no!' 
Back in 2004, Usher told Rolling Stone that Diddy introduced him to 'a totally different set of s**t — sex, specifically.'
'Sex is so hot in the industry, man,' he continued. 'There was always girls around. You'd open a door and see somebody doing it, or several people in a room having an orgy. You never knew what was going to happen.' 
Bieber, 30, is said to be so deeply 'disturbed' by the news of Diddy's arrest on sex-trafficking charges that he's cut himself off from the world. 
Speaking exclusively to DailyMail.com, an insider said that new dad Bieber has been completely 'thrown' by the harrowing allegations and is grappling to make sense of them - especially given that he collaborated with Diddy less than a year ago. 
The source said of the fragile singer: 'Bieber is so disturbed by the Diddy news and is unwilling to process it or discuss it so he has shut off. 
An insider said that new dad Bieber has been completely 'thrown' by the harrowing allegations and is grappling to make sense of them (pictured in February) 
The rapper, 54, was arrested and jailed in connection with a federal sex trafficking case which has sent shockwaves through the music industry
'So many people who helped to make him who he is were very close to Diddy and it has completely thrown him.
'Justin hasn't been responding on this since the home raids. He's not going to.'
The insider added that Bieber also deeply regrets having collaborated with the disgraced mogul last year, and would never have done so had he known the allegations that have since come to light. 
They continued: 'He had a long break from Diddy when he believes most of this took place and he had distanced himself from him.
'He was featured on Diddy's most recent album, and had he known any of this, there is no way he would have done it.'
Bieber, who was just a child when he forged a friendship with Diddy, featured on Diddy's track Moment, which appeared on his 2023 album The Love Album: Off the Grid.
Following the album's release in October, Bieber reflected on his first encounter with Diddy.
'I remember going to my brother Diddy's office to pitch him a song I wrote for him when I was like 14,' he wrote on Instagram.
Bieber, 30, was just a child when he forged a friendship with Combs (Pictured in 2010)
An insider told DailyMail.com that Bieber is 'so disturbed' by the news that he has 'shut himself off' 
'Sadly the song was trash haha and it would be a hard no from him.'
He continued: 'Fast forward to a few years ago Puff asked if I would freestyle something for his upcoming love album. Wild full circle moment, love you @diddy.'
In March, another old clip of Bieber and Diddy resurfaced shortly after Homeland Security raided the music mogul's properties in Miami and Los Angeles.
The video saw the rapper grilling a 16-year-old Bieber on why he hadn't been speaking to him as much.
'What's up man, you good? Selling out arenas and everything?' Diddy asked the youngster.
'Starting to act different, huh? You haven't been calling me and hanging out the way we used to hang out.'
Bieber appeared anxious as he responded to his musical colleague.
'I mean you tried to get in contact with me throughout all my... and what not... but you never got my number,' he said. 'I'm going to tell you my number.'
Diddy pleaded not guilty on Tuesday and was denied bail, despite his legal team's request for him to be released for $50 million and kept electronically monitored.
The artist is accused of using 'power and prestige' to lure and intimidate women under 'pretense of a romantic relationship'.
In March, another old clip of Bieber and Diddy resurfaced shortly after Homeland Security raided the music mogul's properties in Miami and Los Angeles 
According to the indictment, he would then allegedly use force, threats and coercion to get the women to engage with male sex workers in the 'Freak Offs,' described as 'elaborate and produced sex performances' arranged and directed by Diddy while he masturbated and often recorded them.
The indictment further stated that some 'Freak Offs' would last for days, requiring Diddy and victims to receive IV fluids to recover from the exertion and drug use.
Diddy's lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, said the 'Freak Offs' stemmed from the star's former on-again-off-again relationship with R&B singer Cassie, and were not coercive.
Prosecutors said they had interviewed more than 50 victims and witnesses, and are expecting the number to grow.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group