Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Although Anguilla is just 16 miles long and three miles wide, it has more than 30 beaches and over a hundred restaurants, so if you like powdery sand, turquoise sea and quality cuisine, you’re guaranteed to fall in love with the island as quickly as we did. The vibe is very laid-back, with the focus firmly on fine food and relaxation rather than partying – although that’s not to say there’s a shortage of tasty rum cocktails.
 Our blissful days here were filled with swimming, snorkelling and wonderful al fresco meals, both by the sea and further inland. And we’re not the only fans of this tranquil slice of paradise. Harry Styles was spotted on the island in January and previous famous visitors include Adele, Robert de Niro, Justin Bieber and Jennifer Aniston. Not bad, as guest lists go.
The Malliouhana hotel may be celebrating its 40th birthday this year but everything about it is fresh and glamorous, from the colourful Haitian artwork on the walls to the mirrored lobby floor – designed to reflect the glorious sunsets.
There’s a mile-long stretch of golden sand right in front of the property, if you can tear yourself away from the gorgeous double-tiered infinity pool. And nothing is too much trouble for the welcoming staff – when our mosquito bites were driving us crazy, the front desk quickly sent out for some soothing cream. Another lovely touch was the cooling aloe vera gel sent to our room, courtesy of the spa.
Each morning we took part in the yoga class on the wide wooden deck with stunning sea views, and on one of our afternoons we joined the rum and chocolate tasting experience. Trust us, passionfruit rum and passionfruit confectionery are a perfect match!
Our lobster dinner at the main restaurant, Celeste, was delicious and beautifully presented, while at Leon’s on the beach we enjoyed cocktails with our toes in the sand.
We spent the second half of our stay at Aurora Anguilla Resort & Golf Club, which has two zones separated by the island’s only 18-hole golf course. We stayed on the more tranquil side, which has deluxe rooms facing directly on to the golden beach, three restaurants, a huge swimming pool and a spa and fitness centre. There are some lovely little touches to make sure your stay is comfortable, including free sunscreen at the towel stations and ice boxes beside the sun loungers so you can keep your drinks cool.
The other side of the property, which also has accommodation, restaurants and a pool, is home to the vast entertainment area, where you’ll find everything from tennis courts and an indoor games room to an 18-hole mini golf course and a full size water park with slides, a lazy river and cabanas to lounge in.
We enjoyed a relaxing aromatherapy massage in the spa and a golf lesson in the state-of-the-art academy. Our instructor gave us some very useful tips to help us improve our swing.
If you’re at Aurora on a Sunday afternoon, we recommend strolling up the sand to The Dune Preserve, the beach bar run by local legend Bankie Banx, where you’ll find live music, tasty rum cocktails and a lively crowd.
Ask any of the locals and they’ll tell you there’s no such thing as a bad meal in Anguilla – and we couldn’t agree more. The island is renowned for its gourmet restaurants, all waiting to transport you to foodie heaven.
Don’t miss the excellent lobster cake at Sharky’s or the succulent crayfish at Vincy’s. We also loved Mango’s, where we feasted on the local catch (mahi mahi) while listening to the sea crashing against the shore just a few feet from our table.
D Richard’s impressed us with a tender filet mignon and to-die-for homemade ice cream, and even the nine-dollar taco sat the Beach Shack on Meads Bay were delicious. On the weekends, many of the restaurants have live music, so our seafood lunch at Madeariman was accompanied by a lively reggae band.
We quickly realised that everyone, from our cab drivers to the other hotel guests, has another recommendation to pass on. No surprise then that we returned to the UK almost half a stone heavier.
We joined the Katouche Valley Hike – a 90-minute journey through the island’s only natural forest, which includes a peek inside the caves. Our knowledgeable guide, Boston, showed us how to make soap from leaves, how to find water if we got lost, which plants we could eat and which would leave us with a nasty itch. It was fun and educational, and the walk ended on a pristine beach with a cup of chilled fruit punch and a slice of coconut cake.
We also visited Sandy Island, a tiny mound of sand in the middle of the ocean that is home to just one restaurant. It’s about 10 minutes from the main island by boat and is renowned for its lobster and crayfish platter. Get your order in early so you don’t miss out!
We were there on a Sunday, which meant there was live music to entertain us while we enjoyed our lunch. We highly recommend taking snorkelling gear with you so you can explore the surrounding reef. The marine life is easy to spot as the water is so crystal clear.
Elegant Resorts offers seven nights in a garden view deluxe room at Malliouhana (bed and breakfast) from £3,725 per person, including flights from London Gatwick to Antigua on British Airways and inter-island flights on Trans Anguilla Airways, airport lounge passes and private resort transfers, based on two people sharing with a 22 July 2024 departure date.
Kenwood Travel offers seven nights in an island view deluxe room at Aurora Anguilla Resort & Golf Club (bed and breakfast) from £3,050 per person, including flights from London Gatwick, based on two people sharing with a 4 September 2024 departure.
For information on Anguilla, go to the tourist board website.