By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:49, 29 October 2024   |  Updated:  04:50, 29 October 2024   
 56
View  comments
Kanye West recently purchased a $35 million mansion in a gated community located in Beverly Hills. 
Property records showed that he put down $35 million for the 20,000 square foot home with 11 bedrooms and 18 bathrooms on a nearly seven-acre plot of land, per TMZ.
His new purchase comes just three months after the Malibu mansion he famously stripped down with the goal of making it a 'bomb shelter' sold for approximately $21 million — which was 60 percent less than the price he originally purchased the home for in 2021.
The rapper, 47, sold his estate in Malibu for 60 percent less than the price he originally purchased the home for following ongoing rumors of an imminent divorce in his marriage with Yeezy architect Bianca Censori.
West — who was joined by his scantily-clad wife at his album launch in Tokyo several days ago — will soon be moving into the exclusive gated community Beverly Park alongside A-list neighbors, such as Hailey and Justin Bieber. 
Kanye West recently purchased a $35 million mansion in a gated community located in Beverly Hills. Property records showed that he put down $35 million for the 20,000 square foot home with 11 bedrooms and 18 bathrooms on a nearly seven-acre plot of land; pictured July 2015 in Toronto
Many other stars have called the area home over the years including Sylvester Stallone, Sofia Vergara, Mark Wahlberg, Eddie Murphy, Denzel Washington, Rod Steward and Lisa Vanderpump among many others. 
The fashion designer's new crib features a separate pavilion just for entertaining that is connected to the main house. 
There are also cascading waterfalls lavishly decorating separate pool areas in the sprawling backyard. 
His new home also features a pool house and a gazebo as well as a paddle tennis court. 
He previously purchased the beachfront mansion in Malibu for a whopping $57.3 million after his divorce from Kim Kardashian in 2022. 
Recently, a real estate investment company, Belwood Investments, closed on the property on September 26 for $21 million.
The investment company shared ambitious plans to fully restore the concrete fortress, which West had gutted with the intention of making the home into a 'bomb shelter.'
He had stripped it of plumbing and electricity, with all the windows and doors removed.
It was reported that West and his wife Censori, whom he secretly married shortly after he finalized his divorce with Kardashian, paid a random New Jersey laborer to rip apart the Malibu mansion — which was built in 2013 by Japanese architect Tadao Ando. 
This comes after the rapper, 47, sold his estate in Malibu following ongoing rumors of an imminent divorce in his marriage with Yeezy architect Bianca Censori; pictured in July
He previously purchased the beachfront mansion in Malibu for a whopping $57.3 million after his divorce from Kim Kardashian in 2022. Recently, a real estate investment company, Belwood Investments, closed on the property on September 26 for $21 million, which was 60 percent less than the original listing price; pictured March in Inglewood
One of the workers that was hired told The New Yorker that West wanted to create a 'bomb shelter' and his 'Batcave.' 
In September 2023, sources also told TMZ that West wanted to remove the windows and electricity from the home in order to turn it into a 'bomb shelter from the 1910s.' 
According to sources, he wanted to demolish the marble bathrooms and remove the plumbing as well as replace the stairs with slides to build a place he could 'hide from the Clintons in and the Kardashians in.' 
The former manager of the remodel project, Tony Saxon, who filed a lawsuit against West as he claimed he was fired after he 'expressed concerns about the extreme danger' of the project, said the rapper 'wanted no electricity.'
'He only wanted plants. He only wanted candles. He only wanted battery lights. And he just wanted to have everything open and dark.' 
Shortly thereafter, however, the then-newlyweds ended up abandoning the home after the project proved to be unrealistic.
The rapper later put the home on the market for $53 million and reduced it by $14 million to $39 million in April. 
After the house was sold and less than two years of marriage with Censori, West has been facing divorce rumors, which have been rampant as sources claim he and his wife have hit a rough patch.
After less than two years of marriage, divorce rumors have been rampant as sources claim he and his wife have hit a rough patch. The divorce rumors come amid reports that West is facing a lawsuit; pictured February in Milan
Earlier this month, his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta, who worked for West from 2021 to 2022, sued him. She accused him of drugging and sexually assaulting her during a studio session co-hosted by the rapper and Sean 'Diddy' Combs
A legal representative for West previously denied Pisciotta's allegations in her initial complaint and said that the rapper has plans to file a lawsuit against her
The divorce rumors come amid reports that West is facing a lawsuit. 
Earlier this month, his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta, who worked for West from 2021 to 2022, sued him.
She accused him of drugging and sexually assaulting her during a studio session co-hosted by the rapper and Sean 'Diddy' Combs. 
Pisciotta alleged in an amended complaint that West committed 'sexual battery' after serving her a laced drink, per People. 
Her allegations are also a part of her previous wrongful termination lawsuit against the rapper, in which she claimed that she was subjected to explicit texts, pornographic photos, videos and phone calls from him prior to being fired. 
A legal representative for West previously denied Pisciotta's allegations in her initial complaint and said that the rapper has plans to file a lawsuit against her. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group