Just a few tips to keep in mind before your next night out. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
If you’re reading this right now because you have a monster hangover and never want it to happen again, I feel for you. I really do. And if you’re currently thinking, “I’m never going to drink ever again,” then you have indeed discovered the best way to avoid a hangover. To be brutally honest, the easiest way to prevent a hangover is to avoid alcohol altogether (ugh) or to drink in moderation. But I know what you’re thinking: What does “moderation” really mean? 
Well, for most women, experts recommend having no more than three standard drinks in one sitting. (Yup, even when you’ve got an open bar in front of you...*cue "Sorry" by Justin Bieber.*) Another guideline to follow? Stick to one standard drink per hour, says Laura Veach, PhD, director of the master's program in addiction research and clinical health at Wake Forest School of Medicine. That's because your liver typically takes about an hour to process one drink, she explains. If you drink any more than that, chances are you might wake up feeling a lil gross, at the very least, the next morning. 
These facts might come across to depress you, so I'm sorry. But! I do have some good news to share: According to the pros (ya know, IRL MDs, RDs and PhDs), there are ways to lower your chances of feeling like trash after a night out (or when you just have three glasses of wine at dinner). And most of them are pretty damn easy to follow.
Below are 18 expert-approved tips that'll tell you exactly how to prevent a hangover at every stage—from what to do before you drink, while you drink, before you sleep, and during that dreaded morning after. Follow them closely and you may never need your ice pack again…oooor at least a little less often. 
Experts recommend eating a meal that leaves you full before hitting the town. "When you drink alcohol on an empty stomach, it just passes the alcohol right to your intestines and then it’s absorbed into the bloodstream very quickly," explains Robert Swift, MD, associate director of the Brown University Center for Alcohol and Addiction Studies. That means you'll get drunk faster and feel way worse the next day. Drinking on a full stomach ensures your blood alcohol stays lower, he says.
 It's also important to ensure that you're not missing out on essential nutrition by skipping meals before you drink, says Cara Harbstreet, MS, RD, LD, a registered dietitian and founder of Street Smart Nutrition. You want to make sure what you eat beforehand is solid and will hold you over (or at least until that 2 a.m. snack hehe). 
Veach recommends chowing down on foods like red meat, chicken, shellfish, avocados, mushrooms, and whole grains, which are rich in zinc and nicotinic acid, two nutrients that were shown to reduce the severity of hangover symptoms in a 2019 study published in the Journal of Clinical Medicine. 
Remember how Veach recommended sticking to one drink per hour? Yeah, that's easier said than done. So if you find that you tend to down your vodka crans too quickly, try to alternate every boozy drink with a non-alcoholic one. By spacing out your alcoholic drinks, you'll be giving your body more time to process them, says Veach. And giving the body more time to process alcohol = less sh*tty symptoms tomorrow. Yay! 
It's really easy to get carried away with your friends or a few heavy pours and think you've had three drinks when you've actually had more like...five or six. That's why Veach suggests keeping track, and it can be as simple as popping a little 🍸 emoji into the notes app on your phone every time you start a new drink. Just do something to make sure you have an accurate idea of how much alc you've had over the course of the night. 
It can also be helpful to have a drink calculator downloaded on your phone, says Harbstreet. "While I don’t expect anyone to whip this out at the bar once they’re had a few shots, it can be insightful to use before or after to understand the reality of how much you’re actually drinking," she says.  
If you're trying to stave off a hangover, it's best to choose a drink with a low ABV (alcohol by volume) percentage. "Higher volumes of alcohol seem to cause worse [hangover] symptoms in a lot of people," says Veach. Sipping on beer, wine, or a mixed drink is typically better than downing a shot too, since you're consuming the alcohol more slowly. Just be sure not to chug, because that defeats the whole purpose.  
Hear me out: Chasing your alcohol with coconut water or a sports drink like Gatorade helps replace the fluids and electrolytes, the nutrients you lose when you drink, says Elizabeth Kovacs, PhD, director of the alcohol research program at Loyola University Chicago. She recommends sipping either coconut water or a Gatorade throughout the night to prevent a pounding headache when you wake up. 
When 113 college students documented their alcohol intake, smoking habits, and hangover symptoms every day for eight weeks, researchers found that when students drank heavily, smoking significantly increased the risk and severity of a hangover, according to a study published in the Journal of Studies on Alcohol and Drugs. 
Clear liquors like vodka and gin have fewer congeners, which are compounds that have been linked to hangovers, than dark liquors like whiskey and rum, explains Jennifer Maeng, RD, founder of Chelsea Nutrition. This doesn't mean you can drink all the vodka and gin you want, though—it's still possible to get a hangover from drinking too much of either.  
Drinking alcohol changes the way your immune system works, so if you're exposed to something like the flu, you're more likely to become infected, have a more severe reaction, and take longer to recover, Kovacs says. The same is true for COVID-19, adds Veach, so make sure to follow all the current guidelines so you don't put yourself at risk. 
It's hard to hold a drink while you're breaking it down, so dancing, or playing a game like pool or ping-pong (assuming it involves paddles as opposed to cups of beer), can slow the cycle of emptying your glass and immediately refilling it. Just be sure to pop over to the bar every so often for a cup of water to rehydrate, espei if you start to break a sweat.
 It's true that hangovers can happen when your body gets too much bad liquid (alcohol) and not enough of the good kind (water). However, Kovacs says chugging water can put undue stress on your body. And frequent bathroom runs can mess with your sleep. So after a night of heavy drinking, down a glass of water (and a second one, if you're particularly thirsty), and leave a full glass on your nightstand to treat dry mouth at 5 a.m.
While sleep deprivation won't cause a hangover, it can make your hangover worse, per a study published in Current Drug Abuse Reviews. Incidentally, alcohol disrupts the second part of your sleep, according to a study in Alcoholism: Clinical & Experimental Research, which occurs after the sun rises if you go to sleep particularly late. While you can't control the quality of your sleep after a lit night, you can minimize environmental disruptions with a sleep mask that keeps light out of your eyes. 
It's best to steer clear of foods that always give you tummy trouble, says Harbstreet. "I would suggest avoiding any foods that bring on GI symptoms (especially acid reflux/heartburn)," she shares. "Alcohol in and of itself can do that for some people, but if you know high-fat or very spicy foods also bring that on, best to avoid." 
Instead, opt for foods that can offer some hydration, like fruits or veggies with a high water content, or foods packed with antioxidants, like juices and smoothies. "These can sit more easily without further disrupting sleep," says Harbstreet.  
When you’re hungover, you’re      generally super dehydrated because alcohol inhibits your antidiuretic hormone      (the one that prevents you from peeing), so you hit the bathroom a lot more      often, Dr. Swift explains. “Sports drinks and Pedialyte are scientifically      formulated to maximize the rate at which the fluid is absorbed,” he says.      In other words, you’ll feel better ASAP.
A hungover morning simply isn't the time to try to start a new healthy eating kick. "Honoring food preferences and cravings can help you mentally work through a hangover," says Harbstreet. "If you’re already not feeling your best physically, trying to numb out a craving for something that sounds good might be unnecessarily depriving your body of energy or nutrition." Bacon, egg, and cheese, here you come. 
Experts agree that it's straight-up inadvisable to booze it up the morning after heavy drinking. It only delays the inevitable: a hangover that's even worse than the one you've got. 
Pain relief pills from a drugstore may be what you need to get rid of that pounding headache and a typical dose should be perfectly fine, according to Mayo Clinic. But meds like aspirin could cause stomach irritation, and those containing acetaminophen (like Tylenol) might lead to significant damage on an already-over worked liver (particularly for those who tend to go past their alcohol limits). That said, be sure to "proceed with caution when using these medications before or after consuming alcohol," according to the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism.
If you wake up with major hangxiety (you know, that super jittery, nervous feeling you get after drinking sometimes), try taking some deep breaths, listening to a guided meditation or journaling, whatever makes you feel more relaxed. We sometimes feel anxious after drinking because our body is trying to counteract the depressive effects of the alcohol, Veach explains. The only thing that truly cures it is time, but practicing some mindfulness can help you more at ease in the meantime.  
When researchers at Sun Yat-Sen University in Guangzhou, China, analyzed the effects of 57 different drinks on alcohol metabolism, they found that the Chinese version of Sprite and regular soda water help speed up the body's alcohol metabolism, which decreases the amount of time your body is exposed to the harmful chemicals produced when your body digests alcohol. 
In the same Sun Yat-Sen University experiment, researchers found that herbal teas make your body process alcohol more slowly, so your hangover lasts extra long. No thank you!
Kara Cuzzone is a New York City-based writer, editor, and artist. She has over seven years of experience covering health, wellness, and shopping-related topics for sites including Forbes, Cosmopolitan, Byrdie, Wondermind, and PureWow.
Christen A. Johnson is the senior lifestyle editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers health and wellness, home, sports, astrology, food, travel and more for print and digital. She also dabbles in culture writing, and wrote Cosmo's first-ever digital cover story. Before joining the magazine, Christen was a lifestyle features reporter at the Chicago Tribune. Several of her health and style stories made the paper's front page. When Christen isn't digging through antique stores, she's likely drooling over home renos on HGTV, sharing her latest therapy revelation, redoing old workouts from her college basketball days, or trying to perfect her homemade buttermilk biscuit recipe. Follow her on Insta for BTS ~ editor life ~ tingz!
What to Do in the Aftermath of Sexual Assault
My Sexual Assault Made Me Want Sex More
What's the Deal With Prebiotic Sodas?
11 Qs Your Gyno Wants You to Ask at Your Visits
Experts Explain the Benefits of Walking 10K Steps
Become a Meditation Champ With These Easy Tips
Wait, Do Vibration Plates Really Work? 
Have You Tried One of These Wellness Trends???
The Four Menstrual Cycle Phases, Explained 
Doctors Explain All About "Decidual Casts" 
Being a Chronic Worrier Saved My Life 
Let’s Clear Some Things Up About the HPV Vaccine 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.