The model added her own flair to the sleek style
Alberto Rodriguez/WWD via Getty
 Hailey Bieber knows how to make an entrance — which is exactly what she did Friday evening at a star-studded pre-Oscars event put on by Saint Laurent. 

 The model, 27, was seen wearing a chic black suit at the dinner and party hosted by the luxury fashion brand in partnership with Vanity Fair and NBCUniversal as they honored Oppenheimer, which has the most Academy Award nominations of the year. 

 The Rhode founder wore the minimalist look with her hair parted down the middle and a glossy rose lip color.

Alberto Rodriguez/WWD via Getty
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 On Sunday, the film and acting nominees Cillian Murphy and Robert Downey Jr. will find out how many of their 13 total nods they'll take home when the awards are handed out live during a ceremony hosted by Jimmy Kimmel. 

 In addition to stars from the Oppenheimer cast, the event was attended by the likes of Zoë Kravitz, Blackpink's Rosé and Olivia Wilde. 

 For Rosé, Kravitz and Bieber, in particular, this was their second time attending Saint Laurent's pre-Oscars event. All three got an exclusive invite to creative director Anthony Vaccarello's 2022 party, which was also attended by Andie MacDowell, Zendaya, Joe Keery and Maggie Gyllenhaal. 

 Bieber, meanwhile, is back to being all glammed up after keeping things casual the past few months — first getting cheeky in bikinis during a beach vacation with husband Justin Bieber and friend Kendall Jenner. 

 Back home, she and her husband got bundled up for a Maple Leafs hockey match, with the former wearing a blue roll-neck sweater in the team’s colors. She also reunited with Jenner for a sporty night out at a Los Angeles Lakers basketball game, donning a backward jean cap, a leather jacket and blue jeans.

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Earlier this week, the beauty mogul addressed rumors about her marriage in an Instagram Story post.

 "Just FYI the stories and constant ‘blind items’ I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong Made out of thin air… Come from the land of delusion…. So I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they’re always false xx sorry to spoil it," she wrote.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)