It seemed like they were "having a great time," says a source.
Getty
 By now, you've probably heard that Kim Kardashian is maybe, sort of dating Odell Beckham Jr. For months now, it's been rumored that the SKIMS founder and the NFL player having been casually seeing each other, and recently, they added more fuel to the fodder by spending time together in Las Vegas ahead of the 2024 Super Bowl.

 On Saturday, Kardashian and Beckham Jr. were spotted hanging out at Michael Rubin's Fanatics Super Bowl party at The Cosmopolitan, where sources said they looked like they were "having a great time" together. "There wasn't any PDA, but they definitely seemed together," one insider shared while speaking to People, adding: "They were hanging out in a bigger group with Khloé [Kardashian], Kendall [Jenner], Justin [Bieber], Hailey [Bieber] and some other friends, having a great time."

 Despite being at the same place at the same time, Kim and Odell didn't pose for any photos together — however, they did get their pictures taken separately at the event, with Kim standing next to La La Anthony while wearing a cowboy hat with a backless brown top and matching low-rise jeans. Her dark brunette hair was styled straight, while her soft glam included a nude glossy lip, winged liner, and a bronzy contour.

Getty
 OBJ, meanwhile, hit the red carpet decked out in full racing gear — including a black leather jacket with white stripes down the arms, white pants with black detailing, and chunky-soled black boots. Following the party, Kim and Odell were photographed inside The Wynn wearing the same outfits as before — and the beauty mogul's huge hat came in handy, as she tilted it down to hide her face.

Getty
 According to Us Weekly, Kardashian and Beckham Jr. have been together for as long as a year and are reportedly considering going public with their romance soon. "They’re getting serious,” an insider explained, revealing that the Baltimore Ravens wide receiver is much more "private" than Kim and that they are “trying to figure out the next steps.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)