Fans are convinced that Usher will be bringing out Justin Bieber for a surprise appearance during his upcoming Super Bowl performance.
It was previously confirmed that the OMG singer would be headlining the halftime show at the upcoming NFL championship game in Las Vegas on Sunday.
Ahead of the scenes, dubbed UsherBowl, many have been questioning whether the 45-year-old – who is dropping a new album this week – would be following on in some huge footsteps by introducing a surprise guest at some point between those 13 minutes on stage.
He has collaborated with a string of famous faces over the years, including Alicia Keys, Will.I.Am and Justin – but it’s the latter’s name that has been thrown around on social media, getting Beliebers very excited.
The Baby singer has kept a low profile over the last few years after announcing that he had been battling Ramsay Hunt syndrome – a worrying facial paralysis condition.
Taking to Instagram this week, he shared a string of videos from a surprise performance, with many questioning whether the 29-year-old will be popping up at the Allegiant Stadium on Sunday.
Underneath the latest batch of posts, a follower begged: ‘Can you perform at the Super Bowl w Usher pls [sic].’
‘Blink twice if Usher is bringing you out for the Super Bowl,’ another teased.
‘He is uppppp to something good I am manifesting [sic],’ a fan predicted.
One suggested: ‘Somebody to Love remix? In two weeks? Las Vegas? Allegiant Stadium? Halftime?’
‘Justin PLEASE come out at the superbowl it will literally be everything I ever wanted,’ a commenter begged.
As an Instagram user added: ‘I hope he comes out and sings Somebody To Love with Usher @ the Super Bowl!!!!’
Honestly, hard same.
The pair have not yet spoken out over the fan speculation but Usher served as a mentor to Justin throughout the early years of his career, and they have enjoyed a very strong bond ever since.
The Burn singer recently teased what we could expect from his halftime show, but refused to be drawn over possible surprise guests.
‘You’re going to get hit records…,’ he told Extra. ‘I do want to play the songs that people obviously recognize and the ones that I celebrate, I’ve been able to laugh, I have been able to cry, I have been vulnerable, I’ve been telling and honest.
‘I found really great ways to help us communicate better through my music and that celebration is inside this curation.
‘I’ve also collaborated with a lot of people in the process, so… there’s a celebration there.’
Never one to rest on his laurels, Usher will be taking on a US tour to celebrate his ninth album, Coming Home, with Past Present Future kicking off in August in Washington.
He will be ending the run of tour dates in Chicago in October, but could he be adding some surprise UK and Europe dates after that?
We wouldn’t put it past him…
Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Justin and Usher for a comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: EastEnders spoilers: Evil killer Nish Panesar targets Kat Slater’s kids
Arrow
MORE: Rylan Clark teases ‘secret project’ with Holly Willoughby