An Australian designer has generated AI-generated images of former celebrity couples – and they’re rather unsettling, to be honest.
Jeremy Pomeroy, an Australian artist, has used AI to imagine the children of celebrity couples who are no longer together.
The artist has revealed family portraits of exes such as Taylor Swift and Harry Styles, and John F Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe in a collection of images that must be seen to be believed.
‘By imagining what the families of celebrity couples would look like if they had stayed together, I sought to engage viewers in thought-provoking narratives and spark conversations about relationships, identity, and the dynamics of fame,’ the artist told Daily Mail. 
Pomeroy explained that he also placed some of the former couples in different time periods, such as the 1950s, to evoke a certain type of emotion and family dynamic.
He said the ‘tender and intimate depiction [which] invited viewers to contemplate the potential impact of these legendary figures coming together in a different timeline.’
Included in the artist’s imagery are couples such as Taylor and Harry, who dated for a few months in 2012 when Harry was 18 and she was 22.
The pair were incredibly private about their relationship but even a decade later, fans are excited to see the pair interact at award shows and chat in public. 
The artist imagined the pair with two young children in 1960s clothing in what appeared to be a domestic scene as they sat at a table with their blonde and brunette children.
Winona Ryder and Johnny Depp’s imaginary family life was imagined in a gothic scene (naturally). The couple were in a relationship between 1989 and 1993, and were engaged, but split reportedly because of their immense fame.
The artist also imagined Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams who famously dated after appearing in The Notebook together in 2004.
The couple dated for two years between 2003 and 2005. Their image from the artist showed them standing around a table with their three blonde children in what appeared to be the 1940s.
Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez who dated between 2010 and 2012 were also part of the collection. 
Justin and his wife Hailey Beiber recently announced that they are expecting their first child together, making it all the more surreal to see what his future may have been like with his ex, Selena. 
Former Twilight couple, Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson’s imaginary family were also part of this collection. 
The couple dated from 2009 until 2013 when Kristen was caught having an affair with the director of Snow White and the Huntsman.
Robert recently welcomed his first child with his partner Suki Waterhouse and Kristen has since come out as queer, calling herself ‘so gay’ in a 2017 SNL monologue. 
John F Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe were also part of this series. The pair allegedly had an affair in March 1963, just a couple of months before the actress sang ‘Happy Birthday Mr President’ to him on his 45th birthday.
The artist explained that Artificial Intelligence has been an ’empowering’ tool as an artist.
‘AI empowers me to explore uncharted territories in art, experiment with new techniques, and push the boundaries of my imagination,’ he said.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Noughties icon announces anniversary tour 20 years after mammoth success of debut album
Arrow
MORE: The Metro daily cartoon by Guy Venables
Arrow
MORE: ‘Timeless’ 90s album officially named best of all time but music fans are raging