Andrea Torres, Digital Journalist
Hannah Yechivi, Reporter 
Published: May 25, 2024 at 2:54 PM
Updated: May 25, 2024 at 3:54 PM
Andrea Torres, Digital Journalist
Hannah Yechivi, Reporter 
POMPANO BEACH, Fla. – Sean Kingston — best known for his 2007 “Beautiful Girls” debut single and 2010 “Eenie Meenie” with Justin Bieber — regularly portrays a luxurious lifestyle with his two million followers on Instagram.
The 34-year-old Jamaican-American 2011 Teen Choice Awards winner showed off homes in Kingston and South Florida. He flashed sports cars, jets, jewelry, tech, designer bags, and the Mama Kingston Jerk BBQ sauce.
The caption of a selfie in March: “Not Heartless, I Just Use My Heart Less.”
Kingston, known legally as Kisean Paul Anderson, was accused of stealing from others in 2020 and this week. His criminal record includes cases for weapons, robbery, and fraud.
On Saturday afternoon, Kingston was part of the supervised population of the Florida Department of Corrections. He was convicted of trafficking in stolen property over a conflict over jewelry. His probation is from Nov. 30 to Oct. 1, 2025.
In 2015 and 2016, TMZ covered the rapper’s conflicts with Avi Da Jeweler, Haimov Jewelers, and Aqua Master. A trail of accusations of writing bad checks also followed him and his mother.
“People love negative energy! I am good, and so is my mother,” he wrote on Instagram Thursday about his latest case. “My lawyers are handling everything.”
On Saturday, records show Broward Sheriff’s Office deputies were holding his 61-year-old mother, Janice Turner, at the Paul Rein Detention Facility in Pompano Beach.
Federal records show Turner is a convicted felon. She pleaded guilty to bank fraud for stealing over $160,000 in 2006. She was in federal prison for nearly 18 months.
The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department’s database showed deputies arrested Turner’s celebrity son at Fort Irwin, a U.S. Army training center, and booked him on Thursday.
Records show Kingston was at the West Valley Detention Center in Rancho Cucamonga, California, and was ineligible for bail on a fugitive arrest warrant.
Records show the FDOC updated his probation profile on Friday to show his “current location” and “current verified jail address” as the Broward County main jail in Fort Lauderdale even though the rapper was still set to appear in San Bernardino County court on Tuesday.
According to the BSO inmate database, the rapper wasn’t in Broward’s custody. Turner has been since Thursday when a SWAT team raided their rental home in Southwest Ranches.
Attorney Dennis Card was outside the mansion during the BSO raid on Thursday. He told Local 10 News that he was representing Ver Ver Entertainment to recover a $150,000 Colossal TV system.
“We know that our property is inside this house right here, so as soon as the raid takes place we are going to have a crew of people in there to reassemble it and take it back to its rightful owner,” Card said.
According to the lawsuit, Kingston allegedly lied about Justin Bieber’s involvement in promoting the product, only paid $30,000 for the TV system, and violated an agreement.
“He basically has a sales pitch that he goes through to defraud people. He induces them into giving him really expensive things,” Card said.
Attorney Robert Rosenblatt disagreed and told Local 10 News that he was working to disprove the accusations. Turner was facing eight charges. She appeared in court on Friday and a judge ordered her to surrender her passport.
Turner’s charges: Organized scheme to defraud over $50,000, criminal use of personal identification information, grand theft of over $20,000 and less than $100,000, insufficient funds for a check greater than $150, grand theft greater than $100,000, and criminal use of personal identification information.
Turner’s bond is $160,000. She was waiting for a hearing to prove that her bail did not come from the proceeds of her alleged crimes. Broward County Circuit Judge Ernest A. Kollra was set to preside over her case.
Stay informed with regular breaking news alerts. 
Copyright 2024 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
The Emmy Award-winning journalist joined the Local 10 News team in 2013. She wrote for the Miami Herald for more than 9 years and won a Green Eyeshade Award.
email
Hannah Yechivi joined the Local 10 News team in May of 2024.
email
facebook
twitter
instagram
Recommended Videos
TV Listings
Email Newsletters
RSS Feeds
Closed Captioning / Audio Description
Contact Us
Careers at WPLG
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Public File
FCC Applications
EEO Report
Do Not Sell My Info
1.0 Host Exhibit
Cookie Preferences
If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526
Copyright © 2025 Local10.com is published by WPLG INC., a Berkshire Hathaway company.