Talk about model behavior!
Basketball player Devin Booker, 27, proved that there’s no bad blood between him and his ex, Kendall Jenner, 28, when he stepped out wearing a coat from her sister’s fashion line.
Bundled up in a black puffer from Kylie Jenner’s luxury brand, Khy, the Phoenix Suns star looked super sleek and warm as he showed support for his former flame’s sibling.
The unisex jacket hails from the company’s second drop and, while currently sold out in black, the $128 style is still shoppable in a few sizes in electric blue.
Although Booker originally wore the coat last month while heading to a game in Indianapolis, Kylie took to social media on Tuesday to give the look a shoutout.
“I spy @khy @dbook,” she wrote in her Instagram story, re-sharing a photo and video originally posted by the official Suns account.
In the stylish shots, Booker was also seen rocking coordinating black pants, black sneakers, and a black beanie, while the silver case he carried popped against the rest of his outfit.
Fans couldn’t help but flood the comments section with their thoughts on the situation, mainly admitting how “suspicious” it seemed given the fact that Kendall and Booker broke up back in 2022.
“Oh they’re back together,” one person wrote. “Got it.”
While nothing has been confirmed, it’s possible the assumptions aren’t far off.
The two exes, who were first linked in 2020, did appear to cross paths on Super Bowl Sunday, as Booker watched the big game from the same suite as Jenner and her friends including sisters Kim Kardashian and Khloé Kardashian as well as Hailey and Justin Bieber — as well as Kylie’s ex Travis Scott and Kim’s current flame Odell Beckham Jr.
Booker was spotted in the background of a photo posted by Fanatics CEO Michael Rubin’s daughter, Kylie Rubin, who even tagged the 27-year-old guard in her Instagram slideshow.
However, the suite was apparently not very lively as a few of the guests were spotted falling asleep.
For more Page Six Style ..
Most recently, Kendall has been linked to Puerto Rican rapper Bad Bunny. While the two apparently called it quits on their relationship late last year, they reportedly reconnected after reuniting in Barbados for New Year’s Eve.
In season three of the Hulu show “The Kardashians,” Kim Kardashian poked fun at her younger’s sister dating history — mainly, the model’s love of dating NBA pros — by wearing a shirt that read “Kendall Starting Five.” The black tee featured the faces of a few of her athletic exes, including Booker.
Perhaps the model is ready to return to courtside seats this fall.
Advertisement