‘Police are handcuffed’ in search for teen accused of murder, escape – LINK
Baby girl OK after being placed in ‘safe haven’ box at Missouri fire station – LINK
St. Louis goes big for Mardi Gras – LINK
Mom Gave Babysitter Chore List, Sparking Online Discussion – LINK
High School Students Walk Out Over Cellphone Ban – LINK
World Radio Day 2024: Best wishes, famous quotes and a brief history – LINK
Oregon resident caught the bubonic plague from their cat – LINK
Bangladesh’s ‘Tree man’ has his hands back – LINK
Who’s a Bigger Baby About Being Sick, Men or Women? – LINK
Mount Everest Climbers Will Have to Collect Their Own Poop Throughout the Journey – LINK
Even Ziploc Says You Should Reuse Your Ziploc Bags – LINK
A DoorDash Customer Ordered a Single Salt Packet from McDonald’s – LINK
The Top Seven Things We’re Buying for Valentine’s Day – LINK
MUSIC
Ex-Oasis singer Liam Gallagher doesn’t seems to care that his band made the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ballot. On early Monday morning he tweeted an F-bomb at the Rock Hall and said “it’s full of BUMBACLARTS” — which is a derogatory Jamaican term that means toilet tissue. https://www.rockhall.com/
Voting is open through April 26th at Vote.RockHall.com. The top five artists selected by the public will comprise a “fans’ ballot” that will be tallied along with the other ballots to determine the 2024 Inductees.
Inductees will be announced at the end of April. The Induction Ceremony will take place this fall in Cleveland with the date and venue to be announced.
This year’s nominees are:
Yesterday, plenty of people were judging the first note we heard from Alicia Keys at the Super Bowl halftime performance during “I Ain’t Got You.” It turns out the NFL, Roc Nation, Alicia, and Usher want you to forget it. As the full performance was officially released on the NFL’s YouTube channel on Monday morning, the flub was edited out.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hYbrdC_-s8
Speaking of forgetting… Dolly Parton spoke out about Elle King’s drunken performance at The Opry during a tribute for Parton.  Here she is talking about how everyone should “forgive and forget” when it comes to Elle King. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqQwL3hCivs
Pearl Jam released a new single over night called, ‘Dark Matter’. Their 19th album is expected to come out on April 19th with Andrew Wyatt producing.  https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-news/pearl-jam-dark-matter-single-1234967253/
After months of speculation, Paramore has made an announcement on their musical future, saying, “After a long career in the music industry, we have decided to announce that we are going to continue to have a long career in the music industry.” Paramore then revealed that they will serve as Record Store Day ambassadors this year, explaining, “Our first order of business as a freshly independent Paramore is to shine a light on independent records stores – a vital part of our journey from music obsessed school friends to professional music makers… Indie record shops are some of the only spaces we’ve got that offer a tangible, tactile experience of music discovery.” https://loudwire.com/paramore-first-announcement-musical-future-2024/
MOVIES
Movie Web estimates that Owen Wilson has earned approximately $135,000 just saying “Wow” in his movies.  They claim he’s said it 102 times, and he makes an average of about $1,324 per word. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aR993bmzIY
MISC
Kate McKinnon is releasing her first young adult novel called “The Millicent Quibb School of Etiquette for Young Ladies of Mad Science”.  It comes out October 1st and will be the first in a series. “I wanted to write the kind of book that I would have loved reading when I was younger, when I was eating honeysuckle on the playground and collecting bugs and falling in love with the natural world,” McKinnon said in a statement. https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/lifestyle/arts/kate-mckinnon-release-debut-novel-1235822770/
Adam Sandler is going to film another comedy special for Netflix, making this his second special on the streamer. His last special was 2018’s ‘100% Fresh’. It will be directed by Josh Safdie – which is who the ‘Sand Man’ worked with on Uncut Gems. https://consequence.net/2024/02/adam-sandler-netflix-special-josh-safdie/
AND FINALLY
Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day, so of course it’s a good reason to watch your favorite romantic comedy.  Decider.com put together a list of the 45 best rom-coms of all time.
Here are the Top 20:
TV TONIGHT
Tuesday, February 13th
TALK SHOWS:
PRIMETIME:
NEW TO STREAM: 
All listings are subject to change
– Anal Full Nelson 4
– Assault That Ass 10
– Donkey Punch
– Extreme Schoolgirls 11
– Hot and Nasty Newcummers
– It Ain’t Easy Bein Sleazy 4
– Slap Happy 6
– Young Sluts, Inc. 18
– And who can forget her role in 2007’s Meat Holes 12
Rachel Luv is 45 years old
The odds are not in favor of the Kansas City Chiefs getting a three-peat at Super Bowl 59 in New Orleans. According to DraftKings Sportsbook, the Chiefs Super Bowl 58 opponents, the San Francisco 49ers, have the best odds of winning the championship next season. The Chiefs have the next best chance, followed by the Baltimore Ravens, Buffalo Bills, and a tie between the Detroit Lions and Cincinnati Bengals. As always, the odds are subject to change because of free-agent moves, injuries, and other changes.
The Taylor Effect is real, people.  Super Bowl 58 averaged 123.4 million viewers, making it the most-watched Super Bowl EVER.  Last year’s Chiefs / Eagles game set the previous record, which was 115 million.  (CNN)Super Bowl LVIII was the most-watched television broadcast in a generation. The audience for Super Bowl LVIII was so large that it approached the all-time most watched television broadcast set in 1969, when an estimated 125 to 150 million viewers watched the Apollo 11 moon landing.
Here’s one of those Tweets that didn’t age well:  In 2019, someone pointed out that Patrick Mahomes had thrown 36 percent of Troy Aikman’s career touchdowns in roughly eight percent of games played. Aikman replied, quote, “Talk to me when he has 33 percent of my Super Bowl Titles.” Well, as of last night, Mahomes has THREE Super Bowl wins, which is 100 PERCENT of Troy’s.  And he may just be getting started.  (Total Pro Sports)
The Kansas City Chiefs hosted a rager after the Super Bowl Sunday night.  And yes, Taylor was there.
Drake bet $1.15 million on the Chiefs to win, and walked away with a payout of $2.346 million . . . a profit of $1.196 million.  And he claimedhe was going to make a fan “super blessed” at his show in St. Louis last night.
Usher wanted his longtime friend Justin Bieber to join him for the Super Bowl Halftime Show, but sources say he just “wasn’t feeling it.”
Speaking of Halftime . . . remember when Alicia Keys’ voice cracked when she started singing?  Well, it’s been CORRECTED on the official version on YouTube.
Kanye West claims he made $19 millionin sales from his low-quality ad for Yeezy.com.
People are trashing Alyssa Milano for posting a picture with her son at the Super Bowl.  Remember how she recently posted a GoFundMe link to raise $10,000 for a trip for the kid’s baseball team?
But one person online claimed that Alyssa had WON the tickets in a fundraising raffle for the American Cancer Society.  So it’s possible she didn’t pay thousands of dollars to attend the game.
A soccer player died on the pitch after being hit by a lightning strike. The scary incident took place in Indonesia and was caught on camera. You see a bright flash and the player collapsing to the ground. Witnesses said the victim had a reddish-black injury on his chest, and his shoes caught fire. Emergency officials removed him from the field. He was pronounced dead at the hospital.
Tiger Woods finally unveiled his new apparel company.  He released a new video on X last night.  The new line will be called Sun Day Red.  Here’s the promo he posted. The new logo looks like a tiger in motion.  He’s now in business with TaylorMade and you’ll see him wear his new stuff at this week’s Genesis Invitational.  His “TW” logo doesn’t seem to be in use any longer
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC