MEGA (2)
Rite of passage? Over the years, celebrity mugshots have become somewhat of a trend, with many A-listers having a run-in with the law at one point or another.
Stars like Scott Disick, Amanda Bynes, Justin Bieber and Lindsay Lohan all have DWIs or DUIs on their records — after getting pulled over for being intoxicated or under the influence
Some Hollywood starlets, including Reese Witherspoon, have kept their run-ins with the law down to a one-time offense. Other stars, however, can’t seem to stay out of trouble with the police, including Teen Mom 2 star Jenelle Evans.
Whether the celebrity was charged with a minor misdemeanor or a serious felony, the outcome was always the same — it was time to grimace for the camera.
1 of 47
Getty
Amid his world tour, the former ‘NSync ​member was arrested in Sag Harbor, New York, for a DWI on June 18, 2024.
According to the criminal complaint, Justin was pulled over for failing to stay on the right side of the lane, ran a stop sign and refused to participate in a breathalyzer test. The cop reported that Justin was “placed under arrest, processed and held overnight.”
“[We] look forward to vigorously defending Mr. Timberlake against these allegations. He will have a lot to say at the appropriate time,” Justin’s attorney, Edward Burke Jr. said in a statement the following day. “He will have a lot to say at the appropriate time.”
2 of 47
Getty
The “Sicko Mode” rapper was arrested on June 20, 2024, ​and charged with suspicion of disorderly intoxication and trespassing after he was an active member of a verbal altercation while partying on a yacht in Miami. He was released on a $650 bond.
“Mr. Scott was briefly detained due to a misunderstanding,” his legal representative Bradford Cohen said in a statement following the arrest. “There was absolutely no physical altercation involved, and we thank the authorities for working with us towards a swift and amicable resolution.”
3 of 47
Courtesy of Forsyth County Sheriff's Office
The Don’t Be Tardy alum was arrested for DUI, Improper/Erratic Lane Change and Underage Consumption of Alcohol following a minor car crash in Forsyth County, Georgia, on August 13. She refused to take a breath or blood test following her arrest, according to the police report obtained by In Touch.
“Ariana was involved in a minor fender bender. When police arrived on the scene, the investigating officer immediately initiated an investigation for DUI of alcohol,” her mom, Kim Zolciak-Biermann, wrote in an August 16 Instagram Story post. “Despite Ariana’s constant invocation that she was upset and anxious from the minor accident, the officer incorrectly concluded she was impaired. That was not the case.”
She continued: “Since she was being cooperative and honest, she admitted to consuming marijuana the day before, meaning over 24 hours prior to her contact with the law. … We appreciate the general public allowing this case to be tried on its merits, and not rhetoric or incorrect conclusions.”
4 of 47
Monroe's Sheriff's Department
In Touch confirmed Teen Mom: Young & Pregnant star Rachel Beaver‘s on-again, off-again ex-boyfriend, Drew Brooks, was arrested for unlawful carrying or possession of a weapon on March 3, 2022.
According to the police report, the MTV personality was detained and transported to the Monroe County Justice Center after an officer found a firearm concealed insider a black ski mask in a Subway sandwich bag in his car.
His court date was scheduled for March 15, and no bond was set at the time of publication.
5 of 47
Uncredited/AP/Shutterstock
A judge sentenced Jussie Smollett to 150 days in jail for staging a hate crime against himself in March 2022.
The former Empire star was found guilty in December of five charges of felony disorderly conduct after making false reports about the hoax attack. The sentence also includes 30 months of probation and $145,000 in restitution and fines.
Following the sentence, the actor said, “I did not do this!”
6 of 47
Allegany County Sheriff/MEGA
Eddie Deezen, the actor best known for portraying geeky Eugene Felsnic in the 1978 movie Grease, was arrested on September 16, 2021, for allegedly causing a scene at a restaurant in LaVale, Maryland.
According to TMZ, Deezen attempted to hide behind a woman sitting in a booth when they showed up and refused multiple demands to exit the building, resulting in him being forcibly removed.
As they tried to take him out, Deezen started tossing plates, food, bowls and other items at the officers, striking one of them, the report said.
The comedian appeared in court on September 17 and was charged with one count of disorderly conduct, one count of assault and one count of trespassing private property. He did not have to pay bail and was “released on recognizance.”
Deezen is due back in court on November 16, 2021.
7 of 47
Jackson County Sheriff/MEGA
Dazed and Confused star Jason London was arrested for public intoxication in Ocean Springs, Mississippi, on September 15, 2021, after police discovered him behind the wheel of a 2010 Nissan Maxima that was stuck in a ditch and on fire.
According to the police report obtained by TMZ, the actor allegedly smelled of alcohol and couldn’t keep his balance — in addition to having slurred speech.
London was booked in Jackson County jail for public intoxication and leaving the scene of an accident.
London’s rep did not immediately respond to In Touch‘s request for comment.
8 of 47
MEGA
Jen Harley was arrested for an assault with a deadly weapon charge in Las Vegas on June 19, 2021. The alleged victim’s identity has not been released by authorities. Her incident occurred on the same weekend that her ex, Jersey Shore: Family Vacation star Ronnie Oritz-Magro, got engaged to his girlfriend Saffie Matos.
9 of 47
Washington County Police Dept.
The 19 Kids and Counting alum was arrested in April 2021 and placed on a federal hold in Washington County jail in Arkansas. He was detained on child pornography charges and released on bond the following month.
10 of 47
New Hanover County Sheriff's Office
Rogers, who is Jenelle Evans’ ex-husband, was arrested in North Carolina in January 2020 for one count of felony larceny and one count of felony possession of a schedule I drug. He was also hit with two misdemeanors: possession of a schedule II drug and possession of drug paraphernalia. A schedule I drug could include heroin, LSD, marijuana or ecstasy, among other substances, while a schedule II drug includes substances with accepted medical use in the U.S. He was held on $15,000 bond, according to the sheriff’s office and was scheduled to attend a hearing the same month. In November 2020, he became an inmate at Sanford Correctional Center and was moved from central prison for his felony charges. In January 2021, he received an infraction of unauthorized tabaco use and had a projected release date of May 2021. He is currently under post-release supervision, after being released on May 6, 2021. His parole ends in January 2022.
11 of 47
Weatherford PD/MEGA
The Little Rascals star was arrested in June 2020 for allegedly huffing an air duster. The actor was released from the Texas jail on a $1,500 bond the following day.
12 of 47
Uncredited/AP/Shutterstock
The Home Improvement alum was arrested in October 2020 for allegedly strangling his girlfriend at an apartment in Eugene, Oregon. He was booked on a felony charge of strangulation, a misdemeanor charge of assault in the fourth degree and a misdemeanor charge of interfering with making a report. In February 2021, he pleaded guilty to two charges, meaning (constituting domestic violence) and assault in the fourth degree (constituting domestic violence). The other six charges were dismissed.
13 of 47
Chicago Police Department
The Empire actor was arrested in February 2019 for filing a false police report after claiming he was the victim of a racist and homophobic attack that took place in Chicago one month prior. He was charged with felony disorderly conduct.
14 of 47
Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department
The 90 Day Fiancé alum was arrested for domestic battery in January 2019 after getting into an alleged altercation with her then-husband, Colt Johnson. She was sentenced to pay a $348 fine and serve 48 hours of community service. She was previously arrested in November 2018 for misdemeanor battery against Johnson, but the charges were dropped.
15 of 47
MEGA; Hamilton County Jail
The Teen Mom OG alum was arrested in January 2019 for theft and possession, after he reportedly ordered six whiskeys at a bar and left without paying a month prior. The possession charge stemmed from an outstanding warrant. He served 90 days in jail and was released in April 2019.
16 of 47
Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department
The Teen Mom OG star was arrested on felony domestic battery criminal recklessness committed with a deadly weapon and domestic battery committed in the presence of a child less than 16 years old, in Indiana in July 2019, when she attacked then-boyfriend Andrew Glennon while he was holding their son. In October 2020, she was sentenced to two and a half years’ probation. She also has to attend court-ordered parenting classes.
17 of 47
North Carolina Police
Jenelle Evans’ ex-fiancé was arrested in October 2019 for “driving while impaired” outside a grocery store in Cary, North Carolina. He posted a $10,000 bond and was released.
18 of 47
Charleston Sherrif's Department
The Southern Charm alum was arrested in September 2018 for assault and battery in the second degree. He was booked in Charleston, South Carolina, for charges related to an alleged 2015 incident with his children’s former nanny, who accused him of sexual assault. In September 2019, the former politician pleaded guilty to charges of third-degree assault and battery, receiving a 30-day sentence suspended to a $500 fine.
19 of 47
Splash
The actress and activist was arrested for criminal trespassing and engaging in a riot in 2016. She pleaded not guilty after protesting alongside 200 others against the Dakota Access Pipeline.
20 of 47
Splash
The comedian was arrested for sexual assault in 2015. More than 50 women have accused the star of drugging and/or sexually assaulting them. Cosby’s first trial in June 2017 ended in a mistrial. He was found guilty of three counts of aggravated indecent assault at the retrial in April 2018. Five months later, he was sentenced to three to 10 years for drugging and sexually assaulting Andrea Constand at his home in 2004. In December 2019, the actor lost his appeal after the Pennsylvania Superior Court affirmed his conviction.
21 of 47
Splash
The singer was charged with drunk driving, resisting arrest and driving without a valid license in 2014. He avoided jail time after pleading guilty to a lesser charge of reckless driving. The Canadian crooner also made a donation to a children’s charity, agreed to attend anger management classes and met with victims of drunk driving.
22 of 47
Splash
The former child star has had multiple run-ins with the law over the years. He was charged with public intoxication in 2014 after acting while watching a Broadway performance of Cabaret. He was required to complete rehab as part of a plea deal and stay out of legal trouble for six months. Three years later, the actor was arrested in Georgia for public drunkenness, disorderly conduct and obstruction after a stranger reportedly refused to give him a cigarette. He was released after posting $7,000 bond.
23 of 47
Splash
The A-lister was arrested for disorderly conduct in 2013. The arrest was caught on tape and the actress told the police officer, “Do you know my name? You’re about to find out who I am!” Witherspoon later pleaded no contest and paid $100 fine. Her husband, Jim Toth, pleaded guilty to drunk driving and was fined $600 with 40 hours of community service.
24 of 47
Splash
The child star was arrested for driving under the influence in April 2012. She pleaded not guilty in June 2012, but two months later allegedly rear-ended a driver in Los Angeles. She was then charged with a hit-and-run in connection with both crashes. In December 2012, the actress reached a settlement with the victims of both incidents and the charges were dismissed.

25 of 47
Splash
The Gossip Girl heartthrob was arrested for possession of marijuana in 2010. In April 2011, he was ordered to perform 24 hours of community service, report to a probation officer monthly and had to obey the law (with no arrests) in order to get the charges dropped.

26 of 47
Courtesy of Myrtle Beach PD; Splash (3)
The Teen Mom 2 star has been arrested a handful of time, including in October 2010 for breaking and entering and drug possession in North Carolina with then-boyfriend Kieffer Delp. After pleading guilty to possession, she was sentenced to one year probation and the other charges were dropped. Evans was taken in for an outstanding warrant for cyberstalking in March 2012, but the charges were eventually dismissed. The following year, the reality star was arrested for possession of heroin, possession of paraphernalia and simple assault on her husband at the time, Courtland Rogers. Evans was placed on two $10,00 bonds and released the same day. She was then booked on driving without a license in February 2015. She paid a $237.50 fine and was released two hours later.
27 of 47
Splash
The actor was arrested for domestic violence after an alleged interaction with his third wife and mother of his twins, Brooke Mueller in December 2009. The Ferris Bueller’s Day Off actor posted $8,500 bond and was released from jail. Mueller tried to recant her statement to the police, but it was too late. The former couple both checked into rehab after the incident and Sheen later pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of misdemeanor assault that allowed him to stay at a Malibu treatment center instead of jail. He also underwent three months of probation and had to fulfill 36 hours of domestic violence counseling.
28 of 47
Splash
The heiress was arrested and sentenced to 45 days in jail for driving with a suspended license and violating her probation in 2007.

29 of 47
Splash
The former child star has been arrested multiple times. In 2007, she was arrested for driving under the influence and entered a rehab facility for 45 days. She was arrested a second time less than two weeks out of rehab on a cocaine possession, driving under the influence and driving with a suspended license. She plead guilty to the charges and was sentenced to alcohol education classes, community service, one day in jail and three years probation.
In 2010, the star missed a mandatory DUI hearing and a bench warrant was issued for her arrest. The judge determined she had violated the terms of her probation and she was sentenced to 90 days in jail. She only served 14 days due to overcrowding. 
In 2011, Lohan was arrested for stealing a $2,500 necklace from a jewelry store. Later that year, she was sentenced to 120 days in a county jail due to a violation of a previous probation. She served the rest of her sentence under house arrest due to overcrowding.

30 of 47
Splash
The musician was arrested on a misdemeanor charge of battery after allegedly beating up a man at a Waffle House in 2007. He was released hours later after posting bond and later sentenced to attend anger management therapy.

31 of 47
Splash
The TV star was arrested with driving under the influence, driving without a license, possession of a controlled substance and possession of marijuana in 2007. She was given 36 months probation and required to attend alcohol education classes and pay a fine.

32 of 47
Splash
The socialite has been arrested a total of three times. In 2006, she was arrested for driving under the influence. The star entered the freeway on the exit ramp and was driving in the wrong direction. She admitted to using marijuana and Vicodin before driving the car. She was sentenced to four days in jail, but only served 82 minutes of the sentence due to overcrowding in the jail.

33 of 47
Splash
The actor was arrested for driving under the influence and subsequently was recorded making anti-Semitic remarks in 2006. He was released after posting $5,000 bond and later apologized for his controversial remarks. He then entered a rehab program.

34 of 47
Splash
The Lost actress was arrested for driving under the influence in 2005 while on three years’ probation after pleading no contest to hit-and-run, driving on a suspended license and drunk driving in connection with two incidents two years prior. She was ordered to serve 60 days behind bars but served less than a day due to overcrowding. She was then ordered to perform community service and remain on probation until June 2009. 
35 of 47
Splash
The late pop legend was charged with committing seven counts of child molestation and two counts of administering an intoxicating agent in order to carry out the molestation in 2003. He was found not guilty on all counts in 2005.

36 of 47
Splash
The actor was arrested for being intoxicated, disruptive and committing an assault following a fight with a security guard at an ice hockey game in November 2002. He was ordered to attend 15 hours of alcohol education classes and complete 24 hours of community service to get the incident wiped from his record.

37 of 47
Splash
The singer was arrested for driving with a suspended license in May 2001. The case was dismissed one month later.

38 of 47
splash
In 2001, the reality star was arrested for driving under the influence when he was 18. He pleaded guilty to a non-criminal charge of DUI.

39 of 47
Splash
The bombshell was arrested for battering her husband and former NBA star Dennis Rodman in 1999. She was released on $2,500 bail and the charges were eventually dropped.

40 of 47
Splash
The actor was arrested for disturbing the peace after playing conga drums nude in 1999. He was charged with resisting transportation and paid a $50 fine.

41 of 47
Splash
The actor has been charged multiple times for drug use and possession. In 1999, he was sentenced to three years in prison.

42 of 47
Splash
The English actor was arrested for lewd conduct with a prostitute, Divine Brown in 1995. He was ordered to pay a fine of $1,000 and go to an Aids education program.

43 of 47
Splash
The former NFL player was charged with two counts of murder in 1994. He was acquitted in 1995. In 2007, he was charged with multiple felonies including criminal conspiracy, kidnapping and assault. In 2008, He was sentenced to 33 years in prison with the possibility of parole after nine years. 
44 of 47
Splash
The former professional boxer was arrested more than 38 times by the time he was 13-years-old. He was arrested for the rape of Desiree Washington in 1991. He was sentenced to six years in prison followed by four years of probation. He was released in 1995 after serving less than three years and is registered as a tier 2 sex offender. 
45 of 47
Splash
The English singer was arrested for public intoxication Memphis, Tennessee, in 1984. He was released from jail five hours later after sobering up and not required to return for a court appearance.

46 of 47
Splash
The billionaire was arrested for speeding and not having a license on him in 1977.

47 of 47
Splash
The actor was arrested for possession of over 650 grams of cocaine in 1978. He pleaded guilty to drug trafficking charges and was sentenced to three to seven years in prison. In 1981, he was released after serving two years and four months in federal prison. In 1997, he was arrested for driving under the influence and was sentenced to one year probation. 
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. InTouch Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
InTouch Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
InTouch Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: