By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:18, 24 November 2024   |  Updated:  01:09, 24 November 2024   
 70
View  comments
Hailey Bieber flashed her sculpted midriff as she gave a glimpse at her workout routine in a clip uploaded to her Instagram stories on Friday.
The Rhode founder - who recently celebrated her 28th birthday with a martini-themed bash - notably welcomed her first child with husband, Justin Bieber, three months earlier on August 22.
While spending time inside a gym, the star could be seen doing a few exercises with a blue resistance brand wrapped around her thighs.
She also used ankle weights amidst the routine while one of her hands was placed on top of small balance ball. 
Hailey opted to stay comfortable during the fitness session on a yoga mat and sported a long-sleeved, black cropped top as well as a pair of fitted, black shorts.
The media personality slipped into a pair of white sneakers that were secured with laces, and pulled back her long locks into a low ponytail.
Hailey Bieber, 28, flashed her sculpted midriff as she gave a glimpse at her workout routine in a clip uploaded to her Instagram stories on Friday
In text added towards the bottom of the reel, the model simply penned to her followers, 'bday burn @kirstygodso,' referencing to trainer Kirsty Godso. 
Along with Hailey, the fitness trainer has worked with other celebrities, including model and actress, Kaia Gerber. 
Bieber additionally uploaded a snap as she glanced over her shoulder and sent a thumbs up towards the camera. 
The star has given her fans updates on her post-partum fitness journey, and in October, was spotted leaving a Pilates class. 
And shortly before Halloween, she showed off her stomach for the first time since announcing their son's birth as she paused for a quick mirror selfie.  
Three months earlier in August, Hailey and her husband Justin - whom she tied the knot with in 2018 - welcomed their son Jack Blues Bieber to the world. 
At the time, the Peaches hitmaker took to his main Instagram page and shared a sweet snap of their newborn's tiny foot. 
In the caption, he typed out, 'WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER,' followed by a teddy bear emoji. 
While spending time inside a gym, the star could be seen doing a few exercises with a blue resistance brand wrapped around her thighs
She also used ankle weights amidst the routine while one of her hands was placed on top of small balance ball
And shortly before Halloween, she showed off her stomach for the first time since announcing their son's birth as she paused for a quick mirror selfie
Last month in October, Hailey gave her first interview since welcoming baby number one to the world. 
She opened up to WWD about Claudia Schiffer starring in a campaign for her skincare brand, Rhode, and the challenges she faces while running the company. 
'Mistakes are going to happen... [there] will be bumps in the road, which are out of your control, but you need to pivot, run and work with them as they come,' she explained. 
Earlier this month, Hailey and Justin uploaded their first family photo together as they dressed up in costumes for Halloween. 
The model opted to be Kim Possible while the singer dressed up as Ron Stoppable and their son, Jack, as Rufus. 
While Hailey has been giving updates as she embraces motherhood, the star had the chance to celebrate her 28th birthday on Friday with a lavish bash. 
She had a blast during a martini-themed party - and was joined by her close pals, such as Kendall Jenner, Justine Skye and Lori Harvey. 
Hailey shared special moments of the night in various clips and photos uploaded to her Instagram stories.  
While Hailey has been giving updates as she embraces motherhood, the star had the chance to celebrate her 28th birthday on Friday with a lavish bash
Hailey struck a pose while standing in front of a plain white wall as she sipped on a dirty martini. '28-tini' she wrote towards the bottom of the image
One snap showed the beauty striking a fun pose as she held an espresso martini in her hands next to a table topped with drinks and desserts
One snap was taken as the mother-of-one showed off her stylish outfit which comprised of a plunging, black jacket that contained feathery details for a stylish flare. 
The star additionally wore a black miniskirt as well as sheer black tights and black pumps to complete the outfit. 
She added a sparkling, silver necklace as well as dainty earrings to further glam up the look for the celebration. 
Her hair was parted in the middle, and partially pulled back away from her face as strands fell down straight behind her. 
Hailey struck a pose while standing in front of a plain white wall as she sipped on a dirty martini. '28-tini' she wrote towards the bottom of the image. 
One snap showed the beauty striking a fun pose as she held an espresso martini in her hands next to a table topped with drinks and desserts. 
While at a 'Martini Bar' Hailey could be seen trying out another tasty drink as she joined other celebrity guests, such as Lori Harvey - the daughter of Steve Harvey. 
While at a 'Martini Bar' Hailey could be seen trying out another tasty drink as she joined other celebrity guests, such as Lori Harvey (far left) 
In a black and white photo, Kendall Jenner flashed a cheerful smile as she placed a round cake in front of Hailey as they sung happy birthday to the star
In a black and white photo, Kendall Jenner flashed a cheerful smile as she placed a round cake in front of Hailey as they sung happy birthday to the star. 
Hailey uploaded a close-up snap of the cake that was covered with a white sugary frosting as well as the words 'a tini bit 28' written in black icing. 
Gold and blue icing was also added on top while four, skinny gold candles were placed around the words. 
The mother-of-one simply added three martini emojis towards the bottom of the picture.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group