By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Going out for karaoke is one of the best pleasures in life. Whether you’re singing with your closest friends in a tight room or in an open bar, here’s a list of 50 easy karaoke songs to sing your heart out. 
There’s no better feeling than having a microphone in your hand and singing your favorite song. But it’s safe to admit, it’s hard to think of songs when you’re put on the spot. Karaoke vets like myself will have a handy playlist of songs that they’re ready to request or put on the queue, but it definitely takes some time and thinking to know which ones are true classics. 
As someone who goes to karaoke every week, it also takes some trial and error to know which songs will get the crowd riled up or will have your bestie’s heart light up with joy. Of course, there’s an endless list of options that’ll cater to different kinds of people, but we compiled 50 songs to sing to no matter what genre you love. Whether it’s power ballads, emo songs, or the most popular of pop songs, these are the easy karaoke songs that will absolutely make you and your crew’s day or night brighter. 
Belt your heart out with this Titanic classic from Celine Dion. Be prepared to cry like the first time you watched the movie. 
“Driver’s License” was an instant classic as soon as it was released, and it’s no wonder why your Gen Z friends are belting out the post-chorus. Don’t worry girl, get it all out.
This could go two ways if you’re serious— or if you want to bring laughs to the crowd. The lyrics are pretty explicit so proceed with caution!
An old-school classic that will get even the non-Swifties to sing along with you. 
On the other hand, “All Too Well” by Taylor Swift will get every Swiftie out of their seats to sing their heart out (for 10! minutes! straight!). 
Smooth vocals and regret about a past love? “Killing Me Softly” will get everyone up to sing the incredible chorus sung by Lauryn Hill and also the very apt ad-libs. 
It’s a classic Disney duet and it will get you definitely soaring, tumbling, and freewheeling through your karaoke set. 
A definite crowdpleaser with the right amount of angst, “You Oughtta Know” by Alanis Morisette will make you shout into the mic. 
“American Boy” by Estelle feat. Kanye West is song that pretty much transcends place and time. You’ll be transported back to 2008 with this hit. 
There’s likely a high chance that everyone you know knows every word to “Bohemian Rhapsody” by Queen. Why not give it a try at karaoke? 
“Shallow” won an Oscar, and it’s arguably one of the best duets of the 2010s. Why not give that Lady Gaga belting bridge a go? 
One of Radiohead’s early classics that will get you singing your emotional falsetto in the bridge. 
Our social media Kaili Jimei will literally sing this song anywhere, and you should too! 
It’s ultimately a 70’s classic and something to dance around to in the bar. 
Our Fashion writer Aamina Inayat Khan swears by this song at a fun karaoke session. 
I’ll admit that this is one of my go-to songs when I go to Koreatown noraebangs (karaoke in Korean). The K-Pop group’s hit song is sure to be a crowd pleaser, especially if you have dance moves like j-hope! 
Whether it’s raining or not, Rihanna’s hit 2007 song will get you in your feels and up dancing. 
It’s one of the most classic 90s boyband anthems. With the heart-aching, “Tell me whys” in the chorus and the climactic bridge, it’s sure to get everyone singing. (Bonus points if you sing “Now Number Five” a la Jake Peralta from Brooklyn Nine-Nine) 
It’s a cool and sexy single from arguably one of the best songwriters of our time. Fiona Apple’s “Criminal” will make you the star at any karaoke session. 
Ask any Gen Z-er and they’ll know every single word to this song. It’s a fun and lighthearted song and is packed with 2010s nostalgia. 
A classic that’ll keep you hooked with it’s swirly chorus and will tell all the men to buzz off. 
Arguably the best song about the girl your love is pining over. It’s a perfect group song to cry it all out. 
Okay, we’ll bite. We love Barbie and Billie Eilish, and this song is definitely a tearjerker whenever we hear it play. 
Going off the Barbie frenzy—do you and your bros need a song that’ll get the whole room singing? Fear not, because “I’m Just Ken” will reel all those manly feelings together. 
Just by that opening guitar riff, you can tell that this song will get everyone shouting the lyrics, “Coming out of my cage and I’m doing just fine!”
It was one of the top songs of 2022, and it will bring about feelings of revenge against your lousy ex. 
Britpop is here to say and with his heartfelt ballad by Oasis, you’ll lead the chorus of “Sooo, Sally can wait”
What’s a karaoke set without Beyoncé? Here’s the power ballad that will move everyone to tears. 
An emo classic with the capabilities to have your vocals soar like the legend Hayley Williams. 
Whether your man has cheated on you or not, “Before He Cheats” by Carrie Underwood is a good and vengeful time with friends who got your back no matter what. 
Okay, we’re including the Emo Trinity here! But this one is a good one for any of your emo friends to come out of their shell. 
A pop girlie classic! This song will literally give you the gushy feeling of having a crush and wanting to call them up. 
Keep your loved ones close, because this Mariah Carey song will get you embracing the ones your hold dear to your heart. 
“My Way” by Frank Sinatra is the best song to end the night, but it’s also one of the most notorious songs in karaoke history. 
Channel the glam of the 80s with this hit song by Madonna. 
We won’t say anything but “BAM BAM BAM.”
You’ll be dancing on your feet with these sweet groves from “Valerie.”
Be the center of attention with this hit Britney song that’ll make you want more. 
Your hips will definitely move with the sound of this song being played at karaoke. 
Note: This song will be more dramatic if you’re actually in New York City, BUT it’s a good kind of emotional hometown song no matter where you’re based. 
Did someone call 2005? You’ll impress everyone with your Fergie rapping skills with this bop. 
Look, it’s been more than 10 years and this song still has the everlasting shine that it has. Also, it’s super cathartic when you get to the bridge. 
Make any venue Harry’s House with this Billboard 100 top hit. 
You’ll be transported as Troy and Gabriella when singing this Disney Channel Original Movie classic song. 
This Moulin Rouge classic will get you singing with all the badass ladies in your life. 
Truly a timeless classic! Get all your girls together to sing this hit song.
With her power vocals and the longing for what could have been in a relationship, this is a great song to scream “We could have had it all.”
Some people want it all, and some people just want a simple but meaningful karaoke song….and “If I Ain’t Got You” by Alicia Keys is a perfect fit. 
It’s still Miley when she was on Disney Channel, but we don’t care because this song is a banger that will make everyone put their hands up and sing this song. 
“What Makes You Beautiful’s”  iconic intro of “You’re insecure,” and lighting up the world with the chorus is a great song to jump up and down with your friends.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.