ByMaya Richard-Craven
ByMaya Richard-Craven,
 Contributor. 
Alicia Keys sings passionately on stage. 
Ambitious. Admirable. Authentic. These are just a few words to describe Alicia Keys. It isn’t a surprise that she’s won sixteen Grammys. Now the New York native is making her way to Broadway. Hell’s Kitchen, which debuted off of Broadway last year, previews at Broadway’s Shubert Theatre on March 28. Keys has executed a groundbreaking fellowship initiative on behalf of her Broadway show to strengthen the Broadway employment pipeline by actively engaging and employing individuals from historically underrepresented communities. The program will place fellows across ten different departments including direction, choreography, costume design, executive producing, and press.
“One of the things I'm most proud of— The Hell’s Kitchen fellowship program that we created. It’s going to change the trajectory of what the face of creativity looks like, what the face of Broadway looks like, and what the face of business looks like,” she told me.
Beyond Broadway Keys inspires millions of people every day with her music and authenticity. She told me she has been singing since she was four years old. She said singing “Somewhere Over The Rainbow” changed her life. “That was the moment that it hit. In a way it changed my whole life and I knew exactly what direction I was headed. It was this kind of concept of just always singing. Vibing has been in my DNA,” she said. I spoke with Alicia Keys about three things up-and-coming artists should do to excel in their careers.
Mentorship is important for people in any field. From getting professional advice to discussing personal issues, having mentors will help you in your career. Keys said she’s had mentors including her grandmother, who she was very close with. Outside of her family, Keys has been mentored by influential artists. She stressed the importance of having mentors in general.
“It's important to find mentors in life. Life is very tricky. I think it's important to have mentors in life because you don't know everything. You're not born knowing it. If you have a great mentor, that's someone that can give you advice and give you perspective. I think mentors are really important,” Keys said.
Building relationships is important in every industry, but especially the music industry. If prominent artists can vouch for a new artist’s talent and character that artist is more likely to succeed. Look at Dr. Dre, who is a great example of the power of building relationships. He helped Eminem reach new heights in his career. Think about Usher and how he helped Justin Bieber take off. So many celebrated artists and musicians had guidance from someone who was already established in the music industry. Keys thinks that building relationships is one of the best things an up-and-coming artist can do for their career.
“I think it’s important to network in any business because you're going to need to develop relationships. Nothing happens without relationships. You can't just show up somewhere and be like here's my big idea. That only happens through relationships and networking. When you're able to cultivate deeper relationships it really pays off,” she said. But building relationships isn’t the most important piece of advice she had. She reminded me that a huge part of being successful in the music industry is persistence.
Keys recommended that young artists don’t give up even if they haven’t become famous. And as a Black woman, perseverance and resilience runs in her veins. She believes persistence is a huge part of being successful in the music industry and beyond.
“If you give up there's no way it will ever work. Sometimes it’s really hard to convince yourself that you're going in the right direction. Sometimes you have to pivot directions, but that doesn't mean that you should give up. You might need to adjust, shift, or try something new. But to give up— you won't ever see the outcome you want,” she told me. Not giving up has been a huge part of the Black experience for centuries. And Keys wants readers to acknowledge that and to understand the importance of Black female success.
“That [Black female success] is all around us. It is ever growing. More powerful than ever. I see so many talented Black women running their businesses, bringing other people along, opening doors. We’re making space for more greatness,” she said.