When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. Read our full commerce guidelines here.
Muskoka, part of the Ontario cottage county in Canada, has become the stomping ground for many of the rich and famous in the past few decades, boasting lavish lakeside holiday mansions owned by many of the world's elite (they have a street called "Billionaire's Row," that says it all).
A-list celebrities like Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell, David and Victoria Beckham, Cindy Crawford, and more have all owned or do own homes there, while others like Justin Bieber and Tom Hanks have reportedly vacationed there often.
While relatively more obscure as a "must visit" vacation spot for much of the world outside of those in the know in Northern Canada, I had the opportunity to do so courtesy of Vrbo.
When I was invited to experience their "Holiday Home of the Year" for 2024 in Canada, fittingly in Muskoka, I came as a pseudo-expert on the location, having stayed at Muskoka twice during the summer in years past (*cue incessant fact spouting*).
But there's a whole other world to discover in the almost hamlet-like district in the winter time, with its small towns and wooded retreats, and I'm here to tell you why, like every other famous person you may follow, you should go there too.
I stayed at Falcon's Nest, located a few minutes' drive away from nearby towns like Huntsville and Bracebridge, and it is as majestic and cozy as the name suggests – it took me a full minute of gliding each time between the master bedroom on the second floor to the kitchen, and then the additional bedrooms below, and I felt fuzzy enough all day long.
On a summer's day, you wake up to the morning sun shining its light on one of Muskoka's thousands of spectacular lakes (specifically Lake Muskoka here) staring right at you, a burst of greenery beyond – but in the winter, it's a white wonderland, right from the frozen lake to the snow cover encompassing your home.
During a good snowfall season, Falcon's Nest becomes its own little nook in the woods, a place to decompress or take in the beauty of a nice cup of tea in the Muskoka Room, a feature several homes in the area have boasting a terrace/sunroom looking out onto the view below.
With every amenity you can ask for (a dishwasher, Keurig machine, laundry too!), spacious and warm bedrooms, designated communal spaces, books, board games, an outdoor hot tub, AND a fire pit (s'mores, anyone?), who needs to go canoeing in the summer when you can just find an excuse to cozy up inside?
And, the best part – like all Vrbo homes, when you book your luxury stay, you get an entire property to yourself, so that massive space is all yours! What's more, you can even plan events at Falcon's Nest, which has hosted weddings, retreats, and all sorts of parties.
Accommodates: 12 people (6 bedrooms with 5.5 bathrooms)
Price: About £1115 per night (£112 per person/per night) OR $1400 per night (est. $140 per person/per night)
Book your stay at vrbo.com.
Now, if you're the sort to find thrill in exploring your vacation spot, you're in luck – Muskoka has a lot to offer in the summer, with its many water sports, waterside barbecues, and the like. But the winter's no slouch either.
If you happen to stop by after a heavy round of snow, then may I recommend dog sledding? Let some of the strongest (and cutest) dogs in Muskoka take you around a trail of the most picturesque scenes in the country on a sled that YOU'LL be driving (spoiler alert: it's not as scary as it seems, trust).
But if more low-key activities are your speed, then be sure to hit up some of the charming waterfalls in Bracebridge, or the Muskoka Lakes Farm & Winery for a tour of their massive cranberry farming enterprise (which you can ice skate around), a sip of their multitude of cranberry wines, and, of course, cranberry (and blueberry) themed eats.
If even more low-key is your speed, curl up with a book or movie outside your Vrbo home by the water (or looking out at the water from the window) or book a private massage right in your own home, partaking in one of the area's favorite unwinding rituals. 
Muskoka and its residents pride themselves on their expert use of local produce. Talking to any one of the area's longtime residents will show you just how much they appreciate living off what the area has to offer.
The region will not only birth some beautiful wines, but also many herbs and mushrooms, game meat, and who's to forget maple – many residents who grow maple trees in their yards use taps of their own to produce their own sap.
Muskoka also boasts its very own favorite pastry, courtesy of BeaverTails, established in 1978 as the purveyor of the area's favorite fried dough snack, or one of Ontario's signature deep fried butter tarts. Make sure to save plenty of room for them, though, they're not lite bites!
If you're feeling particularly swanky, local private chefs in the area will happily prepare meals for your pleasure in your own home, as we were treated to a seven course masterclass ourselves courtesy of chef David Friesen.
Recommended stops: Tall Trees, Crossroads, That Little Place by The Lights
Get the lowdown on all the celebrity news, features, and profiles coming out of the U.S. Sign up to our HELLO! Hollywood newsletter and get them delivered straight to your inbox. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.