By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  10:46, 24 March 2024   |  Updated:  10:56, 24 March 2024   
 287
View  comments
In recent years, it seems as though celebrities have been more and more willing to divulge intimate details about themselves. 
As stars give a glimpse into their bedroom antics, many fans are becoming privy to some very X-rated confessions.
The rise of podcasting appears to have offered celebs an avenue in which to share more freely, from singer Christina Aguilera's fellatio confessions to The Chainsmokers' threesomes with fans.
While for other stars, they have taken to memoirs to dish the dirt on their personal lives - such as Will Smith, who revealed he used to vomit while having an orgasm because he was having 'rampant sex' with 'so many women' that it triggered a 'disagreeable... psychosomatic reaction'.  
Amid the rise in celebrity confessions, MailOnline looks at some of the most outrageous sex secrets shared by stars in recent years. 
Christina Aguilera performing at her opening night show at Voltaire at the Venetian Resort Las Vegas on December 30
Christina Aguilera set jaws dropping as she made a series of saucy revelations about her experimental sex life during an X-rated episode of the Call Her Daddy podcast in April 2023.
During the chat, the Dirrty hitmaker, 43, revealed she'd had sex on a commercial flight 'under blankets' and 'bent over on a soundboard' in a music studio - before shocking host Alex Cooper by professing her penchant for a specific sex act. 
Xtina - who has engaged to Matthew Rutler since 2014 - started off the chat by revealing she loves performing fellatio and said it's 'really important to be with a partner where you can really explore.'  
She said: 'Sexuality is a very specific thing, so, like, what one guy might like, another one doesn't' - while adding intimacy has 'a lot of different levels.'
The star also detailed losing her virginity, saying: 'It's so funny that I gave this persona because I probably was the last person to lose my virginity.
Will Smith is seen as Ali in the 2001 titular film which focuses on ten years in the life of the boxer Muhammad Ali
Will Smith made headlines in 2021 when he revealed that he used to 'gag and sometimes even vomit' after orgasming because he was having 'rampant sex' with 'so many women' that it triggered a 'psychosomatic reaction.'
The actor, 55, opened up about the startling issue in his memoir, Will, explaining how he turned to 'sexual intercourse' to cope with the trauma of being cheated on by his first serious girlfriend as a teenager.
For several months, the actor said he tried to heal his heartbreak by sleeping around - but instead, it was so 'disagreeable to the core of his being' that it left him 'retching.'
'I had sex with so many women, and it was so constitutionally disagreeable to the core of my being, that I developed a psychosomatic reaction to having an orgasm,' he revealed. 'It would literally make me gag and sometimes even vomit.'
The Fresh Prince Of Bel Air alum added: 'In every case, though, I hoped to God this beautiful stranger would be 'the one' who would love me, who would make this pain go away. 
'But invariably, there I was, retching and wretched. And the look in the eyes of the women even further deepened my agony.'
Model Penny Lancaster as she launched Ultimo lingerie range at Debenhams, Oxford Street, London in 2002
Penny Lancaster has been known to spill some gems about hers and husband Rod Stewart's racy antics. 
The blonde beauty, 53, has shared the couple's habit of getting frisky in the back of limos, saying that she wears a red string around her wrist to warn Rod she might be testy before she gets her period.
Penny also revealed that she has thoroughly enjoyed having her husband suck her toes, comparing it to being kissed on the neck. 
'There is that connection between the toes and other areas of your body, like the neck and your ears,' she explained.
'In the beginning of the relationship when you're having a go at all sorts of things... [he did] that sort of in between the toes, which feels nice,' Penny said, as she admitted Rod used his tongue.
The Chainsmokers stars Drew Taggart and Alex Pall recreating the iconic Justin and Hailey Bieber photo in September
In January 2023, The Chainsmokers shocked fans when they made a major confession during a raunchy interview on the Call Her Daddy podcast.
The musical duo - comprised of Alexander Pall, 38, and Andrew Taggart, 34 - who routinely share tales of their sexual escapades - confessed to having threesomes with fans while on tour.
Speaking to host Alex Cooper, the pair said they had threesomes with fans on more than one occasion with Drew saying: 'Does it count if it's international?
He added: 'I think we were both like, 'What the f**k just happened? Because they were never planned, you know what I mean?
'It's weird. I'm not gonna lie.'
Alex added: 'Oh OK, I guess we're just doing that' of their threesomes, but said one hadn't happened in 'a long time.'  
Drew also said due to sharing hotel rooms in the early days of their careers, threesomes became more of a possibility because the 'European government doesn't separate their beds.'
Singer-songwriter and Grammy nominee Charlie Puth posing by a golfing green in August 2022
Charlie Puth's tracks are so good he earned a Grammy nomination, but fans may wonder when inspiration strikes.
Well sometimes it is at the most intimate moments, as in June, Charlie revealed to Interview magazine that he came up with his song Marks On Your Neck while he was 'in the middle of the act.'
'Maybe I should have focused on the act a little bit more, but the melody just kind of popped into my head,' he said. 
'I actually had stopped and recorded a little quick voice note and then had to get back into the act. 
'But that's where the melody came from.'
Cara Delevingne is seen during Rihanna's Savage X Fenty Show Vol. 4 presented by Prime Video in Simi Valley, California, in November 
In a not-so-well received interview question from Graham Norton in 2017, it was revealed that Cara Delevingne had joined the mile-high club - and had an audience. 
Repeating something she told him backstage, Graham said: 'I think your embarrassment threshold is quite high,' to which Cara, 31, asked him 'Why?' with a concerned look on her face. 
'Well we were talking about having sex on a plane,' Graham went on, which Cara responded to with: 'As have you.'
Graham then admitted he has indeed had sex on a plane, at which point Jonathan Ross, who was sat further along the couch, remarked that 'it doesn't count if it's with yourself!'
Graham then turned back on Cara: 'You were doing it, and a man was watching it...'
To which Cara interjected: 'My father is here by the way, sorry dad...'
A confused Graham then said: 'I was worried where that anecdote was going then!'
Getting back on track, he continued: 'So you were having sex on a plane and someone was watching you.'
Vogue Williams and Spencer Matthews on a family holiday to Kuramathi island in the Maldives in January 2022
Made In Chelsea star Spencer Matthews revealed exactly how much sex he and wife Vogue Williams are having in an interview in July.
The couple, who have been married since 2018, made a racy confession on their hit podcast.
Despite being busy working parents to their three young children Theodore, four, Gigi, three and Otto, 15 months, Spencer has admitted that have had sex every single night for the past few weeks.
Vogue, 38, told the couple's podcast listeners about a statistic she recently read: 'Couples are having sex less than ever before - 30% less than our parents.'
Spencer, 35, was quick to interrupt, exclaiming: 'Not in our house! Okay, I'm going to put something out there and it's going to upset a lot of parents.
'You and I have sex all the time, ok, so listen to this - we have sex quite a lot, don't we? We're on a real hot streak,' he confessed.
'The last three or four weeks - there's probably only about two nights where we haven't had sex,' Spencer added.
Vogue did caveat the confession though, explaining that they were going through a 'hot streak'.
Amanda Holden in a Valentine's Day advert for lingerie brand JD Williams in February 2023
In 2021, Amanda Holden opened up about her sex life with husband of 15 years Chris Hughes.
Far from letting romance fall by the wayside after the honeymoon period ends, Amanda insisted she and Chris have kept the spark alive. 
The Britain's Got Talent judge, 53, admitted her partner is 'always up for it' so it's usually down to her to decide when they get intimate. 
Speaking about their romance, she previously said: 'He can't keep his hands off me. I actually tell him off because I say, 'I don't want to have a kiss and a grope while I'm trying to load the dishwasher'.' 
'Chrispy's up for it any time. Always. So it's when I decide. Poor chap!'
The media personality said she reckons being playful with your partner is the way to go, revealed that Chris previously dared her to jump naked on their children's trampoline in the garden.
She said: 'I would encourage anyone at home to strip off and have a cheeky bounce.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group