Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Hailey and Justin Bieber have welcomed their first child together. The couple announced the exciting news that they had welcomed a baby boy on Friday, 23 August. The model, 27, and popstar, 30, have been flooded with congratulations from celebrity pals over the birth of their son, named Jack Blues Bieber. They poster a snap of the baby's foot, which it looked like Hailey was holding, to Instagram along with the message, "Welcome home!"
Singer Charlie Puth said: "Congratulations Justin !!", while pop star Katy Perry penned: "Your blessing has arrived." Reality star Khloe Kardashian said: "Jack blues!!!!!! Congratulations!!!!! I love this tiny foot so so much" and the body coach Joe Wicks added: "Congratulations."
They first shared news that Hailey was pregnant on Thursday, 9 May when she was six months pregnant. In a sweet video on Instagram, Hailey unveiled her baby bump as she donned a white sleeveless lace dress and matching headscarf, her growing bump on show in the figure-hugging outfit.
Justin, meanwhile, sported a backwards baseball cap, jeans, and a white shirt under a navy jacket. The vintage-style footage showed the pair holding flowers during an apparent vow renewal in a field which then transitions to them sharing a kiss. 
Speculation about Hailey's possible pregnancy had been rife among fans before they made the announcement, with many expecting the model to reveal the big news at the Met Gala. However, the couple gave the Met Gala a miss this year and just three days later announced Hailey's pregnancy.
The lovebirds made it official at a courthouse in New York City back in September 2018, followed by a star-studded bash a year later in South Carolina where celebs like Kendall Jenner and Jaden Smith joined the festivities.
It looks like Hailey's overcome her initial fears of motherhood. In a May 2023 interview with The Sunday Times, later reported by The New York Post, she expressed her worries about having kids in the spotlight: "It's enough that people say things about my husband or my friends. I can't imagine having to confront people saying things about a child," she shared, adding that she used to cry all the time at the thought. Meanwhile, hubby Justin has been on board with parenthood for a while, revealing in his 2021 documentary "Our World" that he was keen to "start trying."
Justin and Hailey became Instagram official with their relationship back in January 2016 after whispers of their romance had been circulating for a while. Fast forward two years and the lovebirds tied the knot.