The Grammys is like the Met Gala of music, and throughout the awards' six-decade history, there have been some seriously outlandish fashion moments from the style set. 
The sartorial magic at the Grammys typically begins the second the star steps onto the red carpet, and the past has proven that nothing is off limits when it comes to other-wordly dressing (we're looking at you and your 2011 egg carriage, Lady Gaga). 
Some will say outrageous, others will say iconic. With the 2024 Grammy Awards ceremony serving up a slew of best-dressed stars, HELLO! rounds up the most shocking and unusual looks to ever walk the Grammys red carpet.
Oakland girl group The Pointer Sisters went all out with corsets and ruffles at the Grammys in 1982. 
Minnie Mouse definitely wore latex and a studded choker just like Annie Lennox's Grammy Awards cosplay moment in 1995, right?
Remember that J-Lo Versace dress? Everybody does. The red carpet moment garnered so many internet searches that it inspired Google to launch Google Images – now that's fashion influence. 
The jungle-print Versace gown featured a plunging neckline that dropped past her navel.
Can we go back to a time when girlbands wore the same? Destiny’s Child were so in sync at the Grammys in 2001, dressed by none other than Beyonce’s mom.
Thought Jennifer Lopez' dress was revealing? Toni Braxton's 2001 Richard Tyler number surely takes the award for most daring – and we've got to give it to her, she worked those camera angles like a pro.
In 2001, Traci Bingham rocked a bralette made from rhinestones instead of, er, actual fabric.
Nicki Minaj took the leopard print trend to new heights back in 2011, even making sure her hair matched her outfit. 
She said on the red carpet at the time: "This outfit is a masterpiece by Givenchy. What that made for is miraculous meets her cub meets ferocity meets fabulosity meets the runway." Got it.
The same year, Lady Gaga arrived in an egg-shaped carriage, later emerging to perform on stage in a latex outfit. She actually revealed that the vessel was temperature controlled, and that she'd been in it for three whole days prior!
“I was in there for about 72 hours. It was a very creative experience,” the singer, who won three Grammy awards, said on Ryan Seacrest‘s KIIS-FM radio show.
“It was time for me to really prepare and think about the meaning of the song and get prepared for the performance. I really wanted to be born on stage,” she added.
Gaga's celestial-inspired 2010 look was custom-made by Giorgio Armani. 
She said at the time: "I am honored to be wearing Armani this evening. The series of pieces Mr. Armani created for me are truly iconic; they represent not only beautiful fashion, but my spirit and essence as an artist."
Nicki Minaj might just clinch the most bizarre moment for the 2012 awards, when she arrived dressed in a Versace cloak with a 'Pope-alike' as her red carpet date. It sparked many complaints from the Catholic community.
CeeLo Green, under his alter-ego Gnarly Davidson, was going for gold at the Grammys in 2017, taking his look to the next level when he painted himself in liquid metal. 
Justin Bieber took oversized to the next level at the Grammys in 2022. 
The Man! I Feel Like A Woman hitmaker rocked up to the red carpet in Los Angeles wearing a statement spot-print suit created by American-British designer Harris Reed. 
Featuring fit-and-flare trousers and a waist-skimming tailored jacket, Shania Twain layered her striking suit over a satin corset and slipped into a pair of retro platform heels.
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information please click here.