Rumours about a viral song that many believed Justin Bieber had sung have finally been debunked.
The mysterious track first surfaced on social media platforms in April and resurfaced again earlier this month, amid the news of Sean 'P Diddy' Combs' arrest. The hip-hop musician, 54, has been charged with sex trafficking, racketeering conspiracy, transportation and engaging in prostitution and denies all charges against him.
The song sounds like it was released by Justin with lyrics saying the singer "lost myself at a Diddy party" - but there is no record of Bieber ever releasing the track. As Justin breaks his cover for the first time since the rapper's arrest, researchers have revealed the song was likely created using artificial intelligence (AI).
The debunked lyrics, in what appears to be an opening verse, are as follows: "Lost myself at a Diddy party, didn't know that's how it go, I was in it for a new Ferrari, but it cost me way more than my soul, wasn't worth all the fortune and fame." However, as clarified by the fact-checking site Snopes, there is no concrete evidence to substantiate the song's existence.
Now, CBS News has run the track through multiple AI audio detection tools and spoken to experts who have confirmed the audio, or at least parts of it, are likely AI-generated. Stephen Stahl, co-founder of Ai-SPY told the publication he believes someone wrote the lyrics and melody, then uploaded it to an AI website and used a clone of Bieber's voice.
"AI is [going to] be able to help anybody create a song easily, quicker, more efficiently," Stahl said. "The downside is that everybody will be able to create a song. So talent is no longer a prerequisite to construct a great song." Zohaib Ahmed, CEO and founder of Resemble AI, also said the song is likely generated by AI.
Ties were formed between Justin and Diddy right from the start of the Canadian pop icon's entrance into the music world at the age of 15, after he signed with Usher's record label, becoming part of the Caught Up entourage.
Footage taken back in 2009 shows the pair discussing spending the weekend together. In the video, Diddy said: "He's having forty-eight hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose, but it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream."
Combs went on to explain: "I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album. I don't have legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next forty-eight hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy."
When asked what he wanted to do, Bieber told Diddy: "Let's go get some girls." Diddy then replied: "Man after my heart. That's what I'm talking about."
At the time of writing, Justin hasn't publicly commented on the charges Diddy is facing. But a source close to the singer, who recently welcomed son Jack into the world with wife Hailey Bieber, told People that the new dad has been 'in a happy bubble' since the birth of his first child, and 'just wants to focus on being a great dad and husband'.
Combs was arrested in a Manhattan hotel, six months after federal authorities raided his homes in Los Angeles and Miami. Over the past year, he has been sued by several people who claim physical or sexual abuse, including his ex-girlfriend, R&B singer Cassie, who has accused Combs of rape and a decade-long pattern of abuse that began when she was 19 years old.
Combs 'vehemently denied' Cassie's allegations last year and has pleaded not guilty to federal sex trafficking and racketeering charges. The grand jury indictment documents seen by The Mirror details allegations dating to 2008 that he abused, coerced and threatened women for years "to fulfil his sexual desires, protect his reputation, and conceal his conduct".
He is accused of enticing female victims and male sex workers into drugged-up, sometimes days-long sexual performances dubbed "freak offs". His lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, said outside the courthouse on September 17: "Mr Combs is a fighter, he's going to fight this to the end. He's innocent. He came to New York to establish his innocence. He's not afraid, he's not afraid of the charges."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.