For Valentine’s Day, Entertainment Tonight got a very rare update from a source on how Justin and Hailey Bieber’s marriage of over five years is going.
“Hailey and Justin are doing well,” the source said. “Justin feels comfortable, safe, secure, and at home with Hailey, which is great for him. Hailey is extremely supportive and encouraging and vice versa. They lift each other up in their careers and personal lives.”
The couple prioritizes communication to keep their relationship healthy. “Hailey and Justin actively commit themselves to be better partners and make sure to share their feelings openly,” the source said. “They are very committed to one another and take their vows seriously.”
The Biebers attended the Super Bowl together this past Sunday. 
The couple marked their fifth anniversary in September, with Justin sharing an adoring tribute to his wife on Instagram. “To the most precious, my beloved,” he wrote. “5 years. You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let’s keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!”
Hailey later got widespread media attention in October for explaining their mismatched dressing to GQ. “It’s so funny because I see so many people talk about this,” she said, sharing Justin is usually dressed before her. “He may want to wear baggy sweats to dinner, and I might want to wear a tiny little dress just because that’s how I’m feeling. We can’t sit there and be like, ‘So I’m going to wear this and you’re going to wear this.’”
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
Zendaya & Tom Holland’s Romance Through the Years
Everything You Need to Know About Georgia Groome
All About Lili Reinhart's Boyfriend, Jack Martin
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Share Hot Kiss
Meghan Markle Shares New Pics of Lili and Archie
Anya Taylor-Joy Stuns in a Pencil Skirt and Plaid
Miley Cyrus Wears Off-The-Shoulder Black Minidress
Tom Holland Visits Zendaya on ‘Euphoria’ Set
Why Taylor Swift Wasn't in Vegas With Travis Kelce
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.