After 11 weeks, Shaboozey is finally crowned on Australia's singles chart

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


	It took 11 weeks, but Shaboozey is finally crowned on Australia’s singles chart as “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (via Empire) lifts 2-1. 

	That’s the U.S. artist’s first leader in the land Down Under. The track, which interpolates J-Kwon’s “Tipsy,” which reached No. 5 back in 2004, enjoys a boost after Shaboozey performed it with the American rapper Sunday (June 30) at the BET Awards.

	Meanwhile, Sabrina Carpenter’s reign ends as the U.S. singer and actor’s former leaders “Espresso” (up 3-1) and “Please Please Please” (down 1-3, both via Island/Universal) complete the podium. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Camila Cabello		
					






















	
		
					Hiatus Kaiyote		
					






















	
		
					Imagine Dragons		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The top debut on the latest ARIA Singles Chart, published Friday, July 5, belongs to The Kid Laroi with “Girls” (Columbia/Sony), new at No. 21. That’s the Sydney-raised singer and rapper’s 20th appearance on the ARIA Top 50, according to the trade body, a tally that includes two No. 1 singles: “Without You” and “Stay” with Justin Bieber. Meanwhile, LAROI’s “Nights Like This” improves 48-26 on the current frame, a new peak.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Over on the ARIA Albums Chart, Taylor Swift enters a fifth non-consecutive week at No. 1 with The Tortured Poets Department (Universal), up 3-1.  

	Swift has led the way as female artists have dominated the ARIA Chart this year, ruling for 24 out of 27 weeks. TayTay has ruled for 15 of those cycles with 1989 (Taylor’s Version), Midnights, Lover and The Tortured Poets Department. 

	Also new to the ARIA Chart this week are collections by Omar Apollo (God Said No at No. 11), Imagine Dragons (Loom at No. 17), Camila Cabello (C, XOXO at No. 29), and Grammy-nominated, Melbourne neo-soul band Hiatus Kaiyote (Love Heart Cheat Code at No. 40). 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.