One of the most unlikely friendships in Hollywood is between Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg.
The television personality and the Gin and Juice rapper have been BFFs for 15 years, ever since Snoop first appeared on Martha's cooking show in 2008. While on The Martha Stewart Show, Snoop helped her cook mashed potatoes and then later came back to make brownies with her.
Over the years the friends have co-starred in commercials, Comedy Central roasts, and even hosted their own show together. Both Martha and Snoop have gushed about their friendship and their "special bond."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Snoop Dogg fans hail 'genius' rapper after 'fooling' fans with quitting smoking message
Martha once said: "When you work with someone like Snoop, it's like having a sidekick. How great it is. That's why all the comedians have sidekicks and bands because it loosens them up and lets them be freer. Snoop is my freedom."
Snoop told The Hollywood Reporter that Martha was his "homegirl" and their "special bond" goes "way back. The rapper even credited Martha with inspiring his candle line in 2014.
The two teamed up to roast singer Justin Bieber on Comedy Central in 2015, and it was a turning point in their relationship. About the event, Snoop told NBC News that Martha: "sat next to me, and she stole the show. She was the funniest roaster that night."
"In that moment I knew I wanted to be alongside this lady for the rest of my life," he continued.
The duo then hosted their own VH1 show, Martha & Snoope's Potluck Dinner Party in 2016. Later, during the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, Snoop and Martha baked Christmas cookies together.
Martha wrote the forward for Snoop's cookbook, From Crook to Cook: Platinum Recipes From Tha Boss Dogg's Kitchen. In it, she said: "Working with Snoop in the kitchen has been a remarkable experience for me. Not only has he taught me new lingo and cultural references, he surprised me with his unique cooking techniques and recipes."
The two are so connected at the hip that Martha says people ask her about him all the time. "I said, you know, Snoop, when I go to a party, all people wanna know is how is Snoop Dogg?" She said, "And he said, 'You wanna know something, Martha? When I go to a party, everybody wants to know how's Martha."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.