Manage your account
Sean "Diddy" Combs has come under renewed scrutiny after an unearthed clip showed him joking about locking women up at parties and limiting air conditioning.
The music mogul was arrested on Monday for charges bordering on racketeering and sex trafficking and has been denied bail twice as he awaits trial.
Amid his arrest, Sean "Diddy" Combs is said to be concerned for his children and wants to talk to them.
In a resurfaced clip from his 2002 interview on "Late Night With Conan O'Brien," the rapper shared some details about how he throws a "killer party" and joked about having "locks on the door" to prevent women from leaving.
It comes amid his mounting legal troubles following his Monday arrest for alleged crimes bordering on racketeering and sex trafficking involving drug-fuelled orgies known as "freak offs."
"This is what you need to do," Diddy told O'Brien while speaking about elements required for his parties. "Women. Beautiful women, of course. Beautiful men for the ladies, of course."
The rapper added that the list must include "alcohols " and "some water."
O'Brien then appeared perplexed and asked him why water, to which he replied, "I don't know if guys have noticed this, like, a lot of ladies drink water at parties. They just, you know, so if you don't have what they need, they're gonna leave."
He continued, "Gotta keep them there. You need locks on the doors."
The host, visibly becoming uncomfortable, said, "Okay, this is sounding kind of dangerous now." However, Diddy brushed his comment aside, quipping, "It's a little kinky," before jumping right back in to continue sharing his party tips.
In the O'Brien interview, Diddy further noted that heat is an important aspect of his parties, as it gets people "loose."
"You need a lot of heat. Don't have no air conditioning," the 54-year-old rapper said. "Heat affects the alcohol and you know, everybody also gets a little more comfortable and loose and builds up a nice little sweat."
O'Brien then interrupted him and said, "That just sounds disgusting," before Diddy finished off the list by saying, "You need good music" and "You need me, of course."
Several controversial videos featuring Diddy have gone viral since he was arrested after a grand jury indictment.
In a video making the rounds on X (formerly Twitter), Diddy can be seen "hanging out" with a then 15-year-old Justin Bieber, where he claimed they "can't really disclose" what they were doing at the time.
"I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album," Diddy said of Bieber. "I don't have legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next 48 hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy."
Following his Monday arrest, prosecutors released a 14-page indictment where they accused him of "creating a criminal enterprise whose members and associates engaged in … sex trafficking, forced labor, kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice."
Diddy is currently being held at the Brooklyn Metropolitan Detention Center, a correctional pre-trial facility that is understood to be dangerous and poorly maintained.
In his bail filing, his attorney, Marc Agnifilo, asked the judge to transfer him to a prison in Essex County in New Jersey, citing safety concerns. However, the Bureau of Prisons will make that decision.
According to the Daily Beast, Agnifilo noted that some other courts "have recognized that the conditions at Metropolitan Detention Center are not fit for pre-trial detention" and brought a murder case that happened earlier this summer.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Emily Johnson argued that Diddy posed a serious security risk if released, bringing up the allegedly unmarked firearms that were discovered during the raids at his Miami and L.A. homes.
Johnson noted that it wasn't about security but "dangerousness" and said Diddy should be denied bail because he allegedly contacted people involved in the case, including singer Kalenna Harper, whom he called about 128 times.
Upon hearing arguments from both sides, U.S. District Judge Andrew Carter said he was turning down the request because "the government has proven the defendant is a danger. The bail package is insufficient even on risk of flight."
Meanwhile, Diddy is reportedly unsettled over the welfare of his children as he remains locked behind bars.
According to TMZ, sources say the "Bad Boy For Life" rapper is worried about how they're doing and wants to talk to them, with reports noting that his family are leaning on each other for support and have turned to God for guidance and strength.
Diddy is the father of seven children: Quincy, Justin, Christian, Chance, twins D'Lila and Jessie, and two-year-old Love.
Quincy, Justin, Christian, and Chance are all of legal age, but the remaining children are still minors. A news outlet reported that 17-year-old twins D'Lila and Jessie have moved in with a friend of their late mom, Kim Porter, in Los Angeles.