Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic
Is Justin Bieber a tall guy? Fans have loved the singer since he made his debut with “One Time” in 2009, and they’ve watched him grow up since then. Not only has he matured with the sound of his music and in his love life, but the Canada native has gotten physically taller as well. Keep reading for details about his height. 
It’s been reported that the “Baby” crooner is 5-foot-9. However, he has never confirmed how tall he really is.
Fans questioned his height in a since-deleted Instagram post alongside The Kid Laroi, who looked to be way taller than Justin. Previously it was reported that the Australian singer was 5-foot-7, but in this picture, he appeared way taller than his frequent collaborator. “Since when is kid laroi [7-foot-4],” one fan joked in the comments section.
While Justin has spoken a lot about his time in the public eye, it appears he has yet to address fan questions about his height. One thing’s for sure, he’s taller than wife Hailey Bieber.
“My burn in the modeling industry has been slow and I’ve had to learn to be OK with that. I’m shorter than most of the girls. Even though I’m 5-foot-8, I’m not a runway girl and I totally used to feel inferior to some of my friends,” the model told Vogue Australia in September 2019. “For a while, there was a part of me that didn’t know if I could have the career I wanted if I couldn’t do runway. I don’t think that anymore. I had so many people, like casting directors, say: ‘We don’t think she’s a real model.’”
But Justin never makes her feel bad about her height. In fact, the couple has a pretty quiet life together despite being major A-listers.
“We have a house [in Canada]. In L.A., it’s always kind of chaos, and every time we try to go somewhere it’s not easy. In Canada, we have a really private place, a big property, and Justin’s from there so I feel like he feels more comfortable,” she said of their life together in the same interview. “We have a bunch of four-wheelers and it’s quiet and we just hang out. We spent Thanksgiving and Christmas there last year, because the winter is especially pretty. I cook a lot.”
Scroll through our gallery to see Justin’s height compared to other stars. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 5
Broadimage/Shutterstock
It’s been reported that the former Disney Channel star is 5-foot-5, so in heels, she stood tall next to her ex.
2 of 5
Erik Pendzich/Shutterstock
While the New Jersey native is pretty small herself, wearing heels during a performance made her nearly Justin’s height.
3 of 5
David Fisher/Shutterstock
The singer towers over his wife.
4 of 5
Richard Isaac/Shutterstock
Justin has a few inches on the DJ.
5 of 5
Jim Smeal/BEI/Shutterstock
The singer is way taller than his mom!
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved