Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and internet culture. She has in-depth knowledge of entertainment media and how online conversations shape the industry, covering everything from Hollywood A-listers to trending pop culture moments. Maggie joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously contributed to Us Weekly, Sports Illustrated, and more. She is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. You can get in touch with Maggie by emailing m.ekberg@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Stephen Baldwin is officially in grandpa mode — and loving every minute of it.
The 58-year-old Hollywood star opened up about his new grandson, Jack Blues Bieber, who his daughter Hailey Bieber and her husband, Justin Bieber, welcomed in August. And if you ask Baldwin, the four-month-old baby's appetite is already impressive.
"He's just a little muffin, and he's eating like a pig," Baldwin shared with People in an interview published Tuesday, December 17. "He's looking cuter than ever."
That hasn't been the only update the proud grandpa has shared about the infant's baby-sized glow-up. Ahead of his appearance on Special Forces: World's Toughest Test on Monday, December 16, Baldwin couldn't help but gush over baby Jack's holiday-ready cuteness — and his ever-growing resemblance to a root vegetable.
"We're getting ready for Christmas with Baby Jack Blues," the Usual Suspects actor told TooFab. "We're excited. And he's grown like a weed. Actually, he looks like a little plump potato. He's so cute. I can't stand it."
A post shared by Hailey Rhode Baldwin Bieber (@haileybieber)
Jack Blues is the first child for Hailey and Justin, who have been married since 2018. The couple kept their pregnancy low-key before announcing their small bundle's arrival on Instagram. The 30-year-old "Peaches" singer captioned a photo of his son's tiny foot, "WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER 🐻."
Stephen was quick to share his excitement on social media, posting the same photo on X (formerly Twitter) with a heartfelt message: "#Congratulations Mr&Mrs Bieber 🎈 #Grandson ❤️‍🔥 #blessed."
#Congratulations Mr&Mrs Bieber 🎈 #Grandson ❤️‍🔥 #blessed pic.twitter.com/IbeaTYX7Fo
Although Jack is still too little to talk, the family man already has his grandpa nickname ready to go. "We're going with Grampy. But it's with a W. A lot of people don't know that," he explained to the outlet. So G-W-A-M-P-Y is Gwampy. So that's kind of the handle I've been going with. It was my granddaughter Iris, my first grandchild. It was the name she gave me."
Baldwin, who shares daughters Hailey, 28, and Alaia with his wife Kennya Baldwin, became a grandpa for the first time in 2020 when Alaia, now 31, welcomed Iris with her husband Andrew Aronow.
Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and internet culture. She has in-depth knowledge of entertainment media and how online conversations shape the industry, covering everything from Hollywood A-listers to trending pop culture moments. Maggie joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously contributed to Us Weekly, Sports Illustrated, and more. She is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. You can get in touch with Maggie by emailing m.ekberg@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and internet culture. She has in-depth knowledge of entertainment media and how online conversations shape the industry, covering everything from Hollywood A-listers to trending pop culture moments. Maggie joined Newsweek in 2024, having previously contributed to Us Weekly, Sports Illustrated, and more. She is a graduate of St. Petersburg College. You can get in touch with Maggie by emailing m.ekberg@newsweek.com. Languages: English.
Maggie Ekberg is a Newsweek writer based in Tampa, FL. Her focus is reporting on celebrity news, viral moments, and                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC