Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber used a family moniker in their newborn son’s name.
The couple announced Friday night that they welcomed their first child into the world, a son named Jack Blues Bieber. Jack happens to be the middle name of Justin’s father, Jeremy Bieber.
Page Six has reached out to reps to confirm whether the name was an homage to the patriarch.
Justin, 30, and Jeremy did not always have the closest relationship while the former was growing up primarily under the care of his mother, Pattie Mallette.
In 2015, the pop star reflected on his estrangement from his dad and confirmed Jeremy had to grow up before stepping fully into a parenting role.
“He was immature. He left for, like, a year when I was about 4. went to British Columbia, came back on Father’s Day,” he told Billboard at the time.
“I remember my mom said, ‘If you’re going to be here, you have to be here.'”
Justin then added, “There’s a misconception that he’s this deadbeat dad, but he has been in my life since. I was with him on weekends and Wednesdays.”
The next year, the “Lonely” singer revealed he was “a lot closer” to Jeremy than his mother. 
Mallette is still involved in Justin’s life, however, as she gushed about how thrilled she was when he and Hailey announced their pregnancy in May.
“Oh my gosh, I’m going to be a grandma. Oh my goodness!” she exclaimed in a video she shared on Instagram. 
“Justin and Hailey you are going to be the best parents ever and I am so excited. Oh my goodness. Praise God.”
She later shut down speculation the couple was pregnant with twins after saying she and Hailey’s dad, Stephen Baldwin, would have the “cutest grand-babies ever” in an Instagram post about the baby news.
Despite Stephen’s own exuberance over the pregnancy, Hailey said in July that she’s “not super close” with her family because she is “very independent.”
“But when I look back on my childhood and how I grew up, I have very fond, beautiful memories,” the model, 27, added at the time.
Justin and Hailey have not revealed many details about the birth of their baby boy, including his birthdate.
The Rhode founder has also yet to make her own announcement post. Instead, she reposted the “Sorry” hitmaker’s announcement photo to her Instagram Story.
Justin and Hailey have been married since 2018 and renewed their vows earlier this year before announcing they were expecting their first child.
Advertisement