Merck Mercuriadis is stepping down as chief executive of music royalties fund manager Hipgnosis Songs Management (HSM).
It comes amid an increasingly intense relationship between HSM and the board of Hipgnosis Songs Fund (HSF), the music royalty fund whose assets HSM manages.
The fund, which owns back catalogues for artists including Justin Bieber and Shakira, is currently undergoing a strategic review process which could see its assets sold, or be wound up completely.
However, bosses at the fund have warned that a call option held by HSM, which allows it to buy HSF’s assets, is damaging the value of the portfolio and therefore impacting upon demand from possible suitors.
Last month, HSF said it was willing to offer up to £20 million to anyone who wishes to make a bid for its music catalogue in a move to entice suitors.
On Friday, HSM announced it will now shake up its leadership team, with founder Mr Mercuriadis stepping down as chief executive, to become the fund manager’s chairman.
He will be replaced in the top role by Ben Katovsky, currently chief operating officer of HSM.
The firm added that Mr Mercuriadis will lead its engagement with songwriters and artists, while Mr Katovsky will assume responsibility for managing the business and implementing HSM’s growth strategy.
Mr Mercuriadis said: “One of our most important goals has been to bring an institutional rigour to Hipgnosis Song Management.
“Over the last 16 months, Ben (Katovsky) has done an amazing job building the team and HSM’s capabilities to deliver the best possible service to our clients, and I’m certain this appointment makes us stronger.”
Mr Katovsky said: “I look forward to continuing to work closely with Merck, our senior leadership team, my colleagues, our songwriters, our clients and shareholders.
“I particularly hope we will be able to work constructively with the board of Hipgnosis Songs Fund Ltd, as I believe that HSM is best able to deliver value for their shareholders whether they decide the company has a future as a long-term operation or wish to pursue the sale of assets following their strategic review.”

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.