By 

	Nancy Dillon


Cardi B hit back at a new lawsuit that claims she and her estranged husband Offset duped the owner of a Beverly Hills mega-mansion into letting them film a music video for her song “Like What” nearly free of charge.

	“The problem is people wanna find loopholes and get over but IRON YOUR BEST SUIT BITCH,” the Grammy-winning rapper wrote on X. “I’ll see you in court!!!!”

	According to the mansion owner’s 11-page complaint obtained by Rolling Stone, Cardi and Offset had their sights set on using the highly distinctive glass and aluminum home previously inhabited by Justin Bieber and “devised a plan” to use it “without paying full market value.” The property owner, identified as Bi LLC, alleged the couple reached out through their representatives in late 2023 or early 2024 and booked the house anonymously “under the false pretense” it would be used for a TikTok video. Cardi and Offset later showed up and made the property’s “distinctive architecture” the “centerpiece” of their full-length music video, the lawsuit alleged.

	










	“All defendants improperly profited from their unauthorized use of the property at plaintiff’s expense, and continue to do so,” the suit said. The plaintiff accused the famous couple of trespassing, unjust enrichment, and intentional misrepresentation, and asked for all profits related to the “Like What” video as well as punitive damages.

	In her social media post that followed shortly after the lawsuit was filed Tuesday, Cardi claimed the complaint was filled with inaccuracies. “We paid those people $10,000 IN CASH to rent the property for a whole 24 hours that same day 6am to 6am the next morning and we went over by ONE hour which we paid overage fees to the realtor for in March,” she wrote. The “Money” singer added that the property “had cameras all over” and both the realtors and the owners were present “the ENTIRE time.”

	“I got pics and videos of them on set!! Now they wanna finesse us trying to say we told them it was a TikTok video when that was nowhere in the contract and like they didn’t hear the whole song playing and see how long we was shooting,” she wrote. “Why would it take us 24 hours to shoot a TikTok?”

	The lawsuit, which was filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court, included still photographs from the video shoot and noted that “Like What” had garnered more than 26 million views on YouTube in six months.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Earlier this month, Cardi and Offset welcomed their third child together. The pair, who announced their split over the summer, shared the news with a series of Instagram photos.

	Cardi has hinted at a follow-up to her debut album Invasion of Privacy, and her rep confirmed with Rolling Stone that she plans to release an album in 2024. In July, the rapper featured on Rob49‘s new single, “On Dat Money,” alongside a music video filmed in a New Jersey mansion.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.