By TERRY ZELLER and REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  02:28, 10 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:33, 10 June 2024   
 16
View  comments
Ariana Grande's ex-husband Dalton Gomez made his romance with girlfriend Maika Monroe Instagram official on Monday.
The 28-year-old real estate broker — who finalized his divorce from the pop princess in March — and the It Follows actress, 31, took to her social media on Sunday to share PDA-packed snaps from their various travels together. 
In the lead photo, Maika stands on tiptoe, planting a tender kiss on Dalton while they share a moment in the street with the setting sun behind them.
In the final snapshot, the affectionate couple is captured lounging on a yacht, cozily embracing each other while dressed in matching all-black outfits.
The scream queen captioned the adorable carousel with a simple shooting star emoji. 
Ariana Grande's ex-husband Dalton Gomez made his romance with girlfriend Maika Monroe Instagram official on Monday
The 28-year-old real estate broker and the It Follows actress, 31, took to her social media on Sunday to share PDA-packed snaps from their various travels together
Dalton and Maika were first linked when they were spotted kissing during a date night in Los Angeles in October. 
Since then, they've been spotted together in public multiple times, including a recent PDA-filled encounter at Los Angeles' LAX airport just last month.
Prior to the beginning of his relationship with the actress, the real estate broker was married to Grande, 30, whom he began seeing in 2020.
The two separated more than a year ago, according to court papers, and because the pair had a pre-nuptial agreement, no children and no significant legal disputes in the split, it allowed the divorce to move quickly and cleanly through the court system.
The terms of their settlement were agreed upon in October and the couple only had  to wait the required six months before a judge's order could take effect.
Under the agreement, Ariana will make a onetime payment of $1,250,000 to her ex-husband with no future alimony. 
The couple began dating in January 2020, and quarantined together during the pandemic. 
They appeared together in the video for the Justin Bieber charity single Stuck With U in May of that year, and announced their engagement in December.
The scream queen captioned the adorable carousel with a simple shooting star emoji
Maika shared a snap of a ring with the word 'bingo'
Dalton and Maika were first linked when they were spotted kissing during a date night in Los Angeles in October; (pictured 2016)
Since then, they've been spotted together in public multiple times, including a recent PDA-filled encounter at Los Angeles' LAX airport just last month; (pictured 2019)
Prior to the beginning of his relationship with the actress, the real estate broker was married to Grande, 30, whom he began seeing in 2020; (pictured March)
The couple were married in a tiny private ceremony at Ariana's home in Montecito, California, on May 15, 2021.
Their split was announced in July 2023, with Ariana filing for divorce in October.
Soon after their split became public she moved on to a controversial relationship with her current boyfriend and Wicked co-star Ethan Slater.
Ariana doubled down on her shock split from Dalton by deleting all photos of their wedding from Instagram.  
Sources said that they tried to fix their marriage 'months ago but it 'failed.' It was also claimed Dalton had flown to London in January in a last-ditch effort to save the pair's marriage.
She sent fans into a frenzy following the release of her single Eternal Sunshine, as they speculated that her husband Dalton might have cheated on her.
Listeners were quick to note cryptic lyrics in the titular track may have accused her spouse of being unfaithful.
Taking to X, formerly known as Twitter, fans claimed that if Dalton was unfaithful, Ariana 'deserves an apology' after she faced months of accusations of being a homewrecker for her romance with Ethan Slater.
The couple began dating in January 2020, and quarantined together during the pandemic
Ariana and Dalton finalised their divorce after nearly three years of marriage (pictured on their wedding day in May 2021) 
The lyrics in question were: 'So now we play our separate scenes // Now, now she's in my bed, layin' on your chest // Now I'm in my head, wonderin' how it ends.'
Fans were quick to read between the lines, and rushed to social media to claim it may mean that Dalton cheated on Ariana during their marriage.
Back in July, Ariana's new partner Ethan, 31, filed for divorce from his 'devastated' wife Lilly Jay.
He and Lilly have been married since 2018 and share an infant son that they welcomed last August.
Ethan and Ariana are said to have struck up a romance while filming Wicked in London over the past year.
Ariana and Ethan are said to be 'stuck together' after their secret romance was made public, preventing them from returning to their respective marriages. 
'Ariana is living with a married man right now while she is still married,' a source close to the situation told DailyMail.com exclusively before Ariana and Dalton had made the divorce filings. 
The pair met in December 2022 on the UK set of the film adaptation of the smash-hit Broadway musical Wicked, in which Ariana plays Glinda - the good witch - alongside Ethan as munchkin Boq.
All over: Ariana shocked fans on July 17 by announcing she and husband Dalton had split. She has since deleted all trace of him from her Instagram account 
Weeks earlier People magazine reported that the pair were strictly 'friends' until after they split with their respective spouses.
But a separate source said those claims were 'absolutely untrue' adding that there were 'receipts to prove it.'
'Ariana and Ethan never intended for their relationship to go public,' the second source told DailyMail.com.
'They were hoping to keep it a secret and go back to their marriages as if nothing had happened. But this was not possible because they got caught.
'Now they are stuck together and have really nothing in common with each other. It will be interesting to see how this plays out.'
Both couples announced they had split within a few days of each other back in July, with Ariana announcing her separation from Dalton just three days before confirming her new relationship with Ethan, who then filed for divorce from Lilly. 
He cited irreconcilable differences and asked for joint custody of their newborn son. 
Multiple sources who witnessed Ariana and Ethan's lovefest told DailyMail.com that they were being 'sloppy' on and off set, including at an Oscars party back in March.  
'They were seen being all over each other while he was still supposedly happily married to Lilly,' they said.
'They were seen making out at a pub in Hampstead, and they were all over each other at Michelle Yeoh's Oscar party [in March].'
Ethan and Lilly - who was his high-school sweetheart - got married in 2018 before welcoming a baby boy in August 2022. 
Soon after their split became public she moved on to a controversial relationship with her current boyfriend and Wicked co-star Ethan Slater 
He gushed about his soon-to-be ex-wife on their fourth wedding anniversary three months later in November, with Ariana liking the since-deleted post.
In the 80s'-inspired track Yes, And?, Ariana appears to clap back at the criticism over their romance, repeatedly asking, 'Yes, and?' she urges listeners to reflect on why they feel compelled to comment on her life.
'Your business is yours, and mine is mine,' the pop princess also croons, before adding, 'Why do you care so much whose d*** I ride?'
In another line she sings, 'Now I'm so done with caring what you think, no I won’t hide underneath your own projections or change my most authentic life.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group