Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Don’t ask the Swiftie in your life to hang out this weekend, because they’re going to be busy watching and rewatching Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour on Disney+.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour movie—a concert film documenting Swift’s 2023-2024 concert tour—already made headlines when it opened in theaters last October, and quickly became the highest-grossing concert film of all time. Directed by Sam Wrench, The Eras Tour earned over $261.6 million at the global box office, beating out the 2011 concert film, Justin Bieber: Never Say Never. 
Needless to say, every self-respecting Swiftie and their cousin has already seen the movie. But they’re going to want to watch it again. Because the streaming version—titled Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version)—comes with bonus footage not seen in theaters, including performances of “Cardigan,” four surprise songs, and a collection of acoustic performances after the credits. So be sure to stick around until the very end.
The film is hitting Disney+ a day earlier than expected, and you don’t want to miss out. Read on for all the information on how to stream Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour online, including the Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour release time on Disney Plus.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) will stream exclusively on Disney+ beginning on Thursday, March 14. The concert film is coming to streaming after a successful theatrical run that began on October 13, 2023.
Unfortunately, you will not be able to buy or rent Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour movie online. The movie will be streaming exclusively on Disney+ after the streamer paid more than $75 million for the rights to the film in an intense bidding war. 
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) will stream exclusively on Disney+ beginning on Thursday, March 14. This will be a longer version of the theatrical cut and will include performances of “Cardigan” and four surprise songs. The Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) runtime is three hours and thirty minutes. The movie will also feature an acoustic collection after the credits featuring four unseen performances.
You’ll need a Disney+ subscription, or a log-in from a friend, to watch the movie. Subscriptions start at $7.99 a month with ads. There is currently no Disney Plus free trial.
Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour (Taylor’s Version) will release on Disney+ at 6 p.m. Pacific Time, or 9 p.m. Eastern Time, on the evening of Thursday, March 14. That means if you live on the West Coast, you’ll be able to watch Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour as soon as you get home from work. If you live on the East Coast, you’ll need to wait until after dinner. Patience is a virtue!

This story has been shared 1,579 times.
1,579


This story has been shared 1,059 times.
1,059


This story has been shared 343 times.
343


This story has been shared 293 times.
293


This story has been shared 269 times.
269


This story has been shared 261 times.
261


This story has been shared 251 times.
251


This story has been shared 163 times.
163


This story has been shared 110 times.
110


This story has been shared 86 times.
86


This story has been shared 79 times.
79


This story has been shared 78 times.
78


This story has been shared 71 times.
71


This story has been shared 61 times.
61


This story has been shared 59 times.
59