MLB
68 New Updates
After one of the most eventful MLB offseasons in recent memory, Opening Day is finally here. Twenty-six teams are in action today, after the Mets, Braves, Phillies and Brewers were rained out, their openers postponed until Friday. 
Follow along here as The Athletic's staff covers the start of the season from ballparks across the country.
(All times ET)
___
Find the best deals on tickets to see your favorite team.
When Andrew Baggarly tweets something, you know it’s true. 
But when he tweets that the Giants have had 18 different Opening Day left fielders in 18 seasons, you still have to look it up for yourself. Here’s the truly bonkers list from Baseball Reference: 
2024: Michael Conforto
2023: Blake Sabol
2022: Joc Pederson
2021: Austin Slater
2020: Alex Dickerson
2019: Connor Joe
2018: Hunter Pence
2017: Jarrett Parker
2016: Angel Pagan
2015: Nori Aoki
2014: Mike Morse
2013: Andrés Torres
2012: Aubrey Huff
2011: Pat Burrell
2010: Mark DeRosa
2009: Fred Lewis
2008: Dave Roberts
2007: Barry Bonds
So, basically, Bonds was the Giants’ Opening Day left fielder in 14 out of 15 seasons from 1993 to 2007, and it’s been a revolving door ever since. Conforto, by the way, is a free agent after this season, so a year from now, it’s probably going to be Opening Day 19 left fielders in 19 seasons. Amazing. 
Advertisement
Note: The Phillies season opener was postponed to 3:05 p.m. ET on Friday
The Phillies have fallen out of the divisional race by June 1 in each of the last two seasons, and the goal is more ambitious in 2024. A faster start to the season won't solve everything. But the Phillies feel as if they are positioned to perform better in April and May. Their rotation is more prepared. They avoided any significant injuries during spring training. They have a more favorable early-season schedule.
It's a roster that would be predicted to win most divisions in baseball, but they happen to share a division with the potent Braves. The Phillies hope that, with an unusual amount of continuity from a season ago, there are fewer surprises. They're hoping for a more consistent Trea Turner. They have a full season of Bryce Harper at first base. They have two horses at the top of the rotation. They have a hard-throwing bullpen with six legitimate late-inning options. There is a lot to like. — Matt Gelb
Make postseason: 65.0%
Win division: 14.4%
Win pennant: 8.6%
Win World Series: 4.4%
Lineup: A-
Rotation: A-
Bullpen: B+
Defense: B
Depth: C
Overall: A-
GO FURTHER
2024 MLB season preview: Opening Day grades, odds and analysis for all 30 teams
Note: The Braves season opener was postponed to 3:05 p.m. ET on Friday.
The Braves won 104 games in 2023, and on paper they're better now. They return reigning NL MVP Ronald Acuña Jr., baseball’s first 40-70 player, along with MLB homer and RBI leader Matt Olson and the rest of the sport's most potent offense.
They beefed up the rotation with the additions of Chris Sale and Reynaldo López to the trio of strikeout machine Spencer Strider, Max Fried and 40-year-old Charlie Morton, who still has elite spin rates and one of baseball's best curveballs. They fortified the bullpen, which could be the NL's best and features four lefties including 2021 World Series star Tyler Matzek, who missed two postseasons and the 2023 season after Tommy John surgery. López will begin as the No. 5 starter, but could move to the bullpen if any relievers get hurt or Atlanta decides to promote one of its top prospects, starting pitchers AJ Smith-Shawver or Hurston Waldrep. — David O’Brien
Make postseason: 96.4%
Win division: 80.2%
Win pennant: 27.1%
Win World Series: 16.8%
Lineup: A+
Rotation: A-
Bullpen: B
Defense: A
Depth: C
Overall: A
GO FURTHER
2024 MLB season preview: Opening Day grades, odds and analysis for all 30 teams
Remember when the Cardinals had so many redundant outfielders that they traded Tyler O'Neill to the Red Sox for an up-and-down reliever? Well, they've since put Tommy Edman, Dylan Carlson and Lars Nootbar on the I.L., leading them to break camp with outfield prospect Victor Scott II as their primary center fielder and super utility man Brendan Donovan as their leadoff man and left fielder. 
As Sarah Langs notes, the Cardinals have an unusually young lineup for Opening Day. 
It’s time for our third annual MLB Position Player Tiers. These are the top 100 position players in the majors sorted by expected all-around value in 2024 and separated into five tiers, from best in baseball to above-average regulars.
Our aim was to blend projections, scouting, expert opinion and the eye test to evaluate a player’s full suite of skills: at bat, in the field and on the bases. We sent our initial list to more than 20 baseball people — execs, evaluators, coaches, players and analysts — and asked them to audit our work. Based on their responses, we moved names up and down until settling on the order listed below.
First, some ground rules and guidelines:
The players are in tiers, not individually ranked. Each tier is divided into sub-tiers, and players are listed alphabetically within each. The gap between lettered groups (like 1A and 1B) is smaller than the one between numbered groups (like 1B and 2A).
Players who have yet to play in the majors or are expected to miss at least half the season were ruled ineligible.
Not every above-average position player is included, just the top 100. We trimmed the list from 125, as it had been in years past, because of feedback from those we polled about the volatility of those latter projections.
Continue reading.
GO FURTHER
MLB Position Player Tiers 2024: How 100 of the game’s best stack up
Teams are officially setting their Opening Day rosters today, and this little detail jumped out at me: Eight Red Sox — nearly a third of the team — is on an Opening Day roster for the first time. 
First-timers are always a point of interest. Center field prospect Jackson Merrill made the Padres roster. Touted catching prospect Henry Davis is going to play his first Opening Day for the Pirates. The Tigers put 28-year-old Alex Faedo on his first Opening Day roster almost seven years after drafting him in the first round. Making an Opening Day roster is a big deal, even to the guys who have been to the big leagues before. 
But eight first timers feels like a lot for a team like the Red Sox, and really reinforces the new direction of a team that’s almost universally expected to finish at the bottom of the A.L. East. after making minimal additions in the offseason. 
Among the Red Sox first timers is their Opening Day starter, Brayan Bello, plus four players with a decent shot of being in the lineup: second baseman Enmanuel Valdez and outfielders Ceddanne Rafaela, Jarren Duran and Wilyer Abreu. Relievers Isaiah Campbell, Greg Weissert and Justin Slaten are also on an Opening Day roster for the first time. 
Advertisement
Before he managed his first major-league game, Astros skipper Joe Espada got a visit from an old friend — former Yankees manager Joe Girardi, who is working Thursday’s game for the YES Network. 
Girardi took a circuitous route to meet his former third-base coach. Security officials initially denied Girardi access to the Astros’ clubhouse when it opened to reporters, citing that he “didn’t have the right credential.” Girardi handled the denial with class, offering a polite smile before walking away. 
Espada served as Girardi’s third-base coach from 2015-17
Note: The Brewers season opener was postponed to 1:40 p.m. ET on Friday.
The Brewers look different. But there’s a familiar feeling around them: they look like they can be a fun, competitive team and one that again surpasses expectations. The challenge will be incorporating a few young players into the lineup as key contributors at the same time. Bad teams can do this without much consequence.
Milwaukee, on the other hand, needs Jackson Chourio, Garrett Michell, Sal Frelick, Brice Turang and maybe Joey Ortiz to help. They don’t have to do all the heavy lifting — Christian Yelich, Rhys Hoskins, Willy Adames and William Contreras get paid for that. So there’s balance. But the range of outcomes with young players features wide variance.
On the pitching side, Freddy Peralta graduated to their No. 1, but the Brewers will rely on a mix of talented young pitchers — DL Hall first — and veterans who may be best working in piggyback roles. The bullpen appears strong, but they’ll be without stud closer Devin Williams for a while. They can win the central, but the same can be said about three of the four other teams in the division. — Will Sammon
Make postseason: 19.9%
Win division: 11.8%
Win pennant: 1.5%
Win World Series: 0.6%
Lineup: B
Rotation: C
Bullpen: B-
Defense: A-
Depth: C
Overall: C+
GO FURTHER
2024 MLB season preview: Opening Day grades, odds and analysis for all 30 teams
Note: The Mets season opener was postponed to 1:40 p.m. ET on Friday.
Ahh, the joys of an expanded postseason. Knowing that 84 wins was good enough for not one but two playoff teams in the National League last season sure makes it easier for the Mets to pull off the offseason approach they just did. Following a massively disappointing 87-loss season and a trade-deadline sell-off, New York under new exec David Stearns tinkered on the edges of its roster. The team added 16 players to its 40-man roster, only one of whom (Sean Manaea) is guaranteed money in 2025.
Since Aug. 1, the Mets have made it clear the goal here in 2024 is not a division title — they're still very much looking up at Atlanta and Philadelphia — but a roll of the postseason die. Because they know as well as anyone how that's worked out for the last two No. 6 seeds in the National League. — Tim Britton
Make postseason: 27.9%
Win division: 3.1%
Win pennant: 2.6%
Win World Series: 1.1%
Lineup: B
Rotation: C-
Bullpen: A
Defense: C+
Depth: B
Overall: C+
GO FURTHER
2024 MLB season preview: Opening Day grades, odds and analysis for all 30 teams
Yankees infielder Jon Berti said he arrived at the team’s hotel at 2 a.m. this morning after getting traded by the Marlins. He will not start at third base today. Oswaldo Cabrera gets the Opening Day start at the hot corner and will hit ninth.
Welcome to Opening Day, which is supposed to start any minute now with a 1:10 p.m.  first pitch at Citi Field in New York. 
Unfortunately, we are in a rain delay. 
Bad weather has already postponed two Opening Day games, including the Mets vs. Brewers game that was supposed to get the whole thing started. Now we have to wait until 3:05 for first pitch in Baltimore between the Angels and Orioles. The good news: it means the first domestic pitch of the season — not counting the South Korea series earlier this month — will be thrown by Corbin Burnes, who seems a fitting Game 1 starter for the entire league. 
Really, rain washed out what was to be our best pitching matchup of the day between Spencer Strider and Zack Wheeler. Division rivals with Cy Young aspirations and memories of last year’s division series still fresh? Great work, everyone. No notes. Get the popcorn. Alas, that one will have to wait until tomorrow. 
So, what is now the best pitching matchup of the day? Let's try to rank and sort them, shall we? 
Group 1: You have our attention
1. Nate Eovaldi (TEX) vs. Justin Steele (CHC)
Can’t ignore the defending champs, especially given how good Eovaldi’s been when healthy. What makes the matchup especially interesting, though, is Steele coming off a breakout season in which he finished fifth in Cy Young voting (which caused everyone to check his 2022 stats and realized he was really good that year, too). 
2. Logan Webb (SFG) vs. Yu Darvish (SDP)
The Giants made themselves relevant with the spring training additions of Matt Chapman and Blake Snell, and now they’re starting arguably a top-five pitcher in the game against a five-time All-Star. At 37, Darvish isn’t a marquee starter anymore, but combine him with Webb — plus the intrigue of two N.L. East teams heading in opposite directions — and this matchup has some star power. 
3. Luis Castillo (SEA) vs. Brayan Bello (BOS)
Here’s what we like about this one: Castillo gives this matchup a known quantity, a proven top-of-the-rotation starter coming of a top-five Cy Young season. Bello, 24, gives it a check-out-this-kid element. He’s the best pitcher the Red Sox have developed in years, and he’s making his first Opening Day starter. Real master-and-apprentice vibes with this one. 
Group 2: What might have been
4. Jose Berrios (TOR) vs. Zach Eflin (TBR)
This is a pretty good matchup as it is, but it could have been Kevin Gausman against Shane McClanahan if those two weren’t hurt. As it is, we’ll settle for Berrios coming off a bounceback season and Eflin coming off a career year. Add all that’s at stake for two teams caught in the murky middle of the A.L. East, this matchup has potential. 
5. Framber Valdez (HOU) vs. Nestor Cortes (NYY)
Gerrit Cole alone would have been enough to push this matchup higher on the list. If Justin Verlander were available, too, it might have given Strider and Wheeler some competition for the top spot. As it is, Valdez has been an All-Star the past two season and Cortes was an All-Star in 2022 but has started only one game since May of 2023. 
6. Tyler Glasnow (LAD) vs. Miles Mikolas (STL)
The big Cardinals addition was Sonny Gray. The big Dodgers addition — other than He Who Must Always Be Named — was Yoshinobu Yamamoto. That would have been a much more interesting matchup, especially with Yamamoto making his state-side debut following his disastrous first start in Korea. Alas. These two are still pretty good, though, with Glasnow especially interesting following his offseason trade and subsequent extension. 
Group 3: The headliner is worth the ticket
7. Corbin Burnes (BAL) vs. Patrick Sandoval (LAA)
Sandoval’s actually been pretty solid — 3.53 ERA the past three years — but the star of the show here is Burnes, who’s very clearly meant to put the young Orioles over the top, especially in October. Cy Young favorite in the American League? Burnes isn’t a bad pick. 
8. Tarik Skubal (DET) vs. Garrett Crochet (CWS)
If you haven’t seen it, allow me to provide a link to Skubal’s page on Baseball Savant. See all that red from last year? The 96th percentile strikeout and walk percentages? The best in baseball expected ERA? Crochet is young, interesting and making his first ever big league starter. But Skubal alone would be worth tuning in.  
9. Zac Gallen (ARI) vs. Kyle Freeland (COL)
The Diamondbacks are going for it! Late Tuesday night came word of their one-year deal with Jordan Montgomery, which came after the team had already added Eduardo Rodriguez, Lourdes Gurriel Jr., Eugenio Suarez and Joc Pederson. Their ace, though, is still Gallen coming off a third-place Cy Young finish. 
10. Shane Bieber (CLE) vs. Alex Wood (OAK)
Did you know Bieber is still just 28 years old? Did you know he dominated spring training and has free agency ahead of him? Did you know his last fully dominant season wasn’t a half decade ago but only two years ago? Don’t sleep on Shane Bieber, is what we’re saying. As for Wood… as with everything involving the A’s, it is what it is. 
Group 4: It's Opening Day, of course these guys are good, too
11. Jesus Luzardo (MIA) vs. Mitch Keller (PIT)
Sandy Alcantara has started the past four Marlins Opening Day games, but he’s hurt, and so the honor falls to Luzardo, who’s awfully good in his own right. There remain a lot of interesting arms in that Miami rotation. Keller is making his second straight Opening Day starter for the Pirates and made his first All-Star team last year. 
12. Pablo Lopez (MIN) vs. Cole Ragans (KCR)
Sneaky good season for Lopez last year, which was his first outside of Miami. He made the All-Star team, got some down-ballot Cy Young votes, and had the third-most strikeouts-per-nine in the American League. Ragans came to the Royals in last summer’s Aroldis Chapman trade and had a 2.64 ERA in 12 starts. This might be an underrated matchup by us. Ragans is interesting.
13. Josiah Gray (WSH) vs. Frankie Montas (CIN)
Gray is a pretty interesting young pitcher (but on a team that’s probably not going do much. The Reds have a fascinating young roster and could be on the rise (but Montas is more veteran stability than singular reason to watch).
Advertisement
The Marco Luciano era has been temporarily postponed. The Joey Bart era has been temporarily extended. The Nick Ahmed era has been around this whole time, and we've just been living in it, baby.
The biggest news of the Giants' Opening Day roster, though, might be that Blake Snell is on it, although he won't start the first time through the rotation. Rookie Landen Roupp also made the team, despite having just 15 starts above A-ball in his career. Have gobsmacking curveball, will travel.
This is more of a temporary roster, though. The Giants will almost certainly carry 13 pitchers for most of the season, but they have 12 for now. Mike Yastrzemski is going on paternity leave soon, which will free up a roster spot in the short term. Once Snell officially joins the rotation, there will be more clarity.
Starting pitchers (6): Logan Webb, Blake Snell, Kyle Harrison, Jordan Hicks, Keaton Winn, Landon Roupp
Bullpen (6): LHs Taylor Rogers, Erik Miller; RHs, Ryan Walker, Tyler Rogers, Luke Jackson, closer Camilo Doval
Infielders (6): Nick Ahmed, Matt Chapman, Thairo Estrada, Tyler Fitzgerald, Wilmer Flores, LaMonte Wade, Jr.
Catchers (3): Tom Murphy, Joey Bart, Patrick Bailey
Outfielders (5): Mike Yastrzemski, Austin Slater, Jung Hoo Lee, Michael Conforto, Jorge Soler
GOODYEAR, Ariz. — Before the 2023 season, Cincinnati Reds general manager Nick Krall called his counterpart in Kansas City, J.J. Piccolo, to ask how the Royals handled Bobby Witt Jr.’s first year in the big leagues.
Krall knew he had a special shortstop (or three) coming his way that season and wanted a little insight into what to look for.
“I called a handful of guys,” Krall said. “People who go through those things sometimes and can look back and wish they’d done differently.”
Krall said he makes those kinds of calls often. So many conversations he has with others in his position are more likely to be about those things than a trade.
Witt made his debut in 2022, so Krall knew it was still fresh on Piccolo’s mind. With Elly De La Cruz knocking on the door of the big leagues, Krall sensed he’d be calling up his own potentially franchise-altering shortstop soon. Piccolo’s advice was to trust his judgment and stick to his convictions. It’s advice that will probably carry over into this season as well because while a player’s rookie year can be difficult, in some ways, the second year can be harder.
Last year, Witt struggled at the start of his second season but improved so much over the last half that he finished in the top 10 of American League MVP voting. The team responded by signing him to a contract extension of nearly $300 million.
That’s the best-case scenario. De La Cruz, who debuted in June last year with a style and skill set that quickly made him a fixture in MLB marketing materials, only has to glimpse to his left in the Reds’ infield to see an example of things going the other way. After winning Rookie of the Year in 2021, Jonathan India literally limped through the 2022 season with a hamstring injury and saw all his numbers tumble.
What’s the difference between improving upon a great rookie year and not living up to those expectations?
For Witt, it was identifying ways to improve and approaching them with patience.
“Above all else, Bobby’s a quick learner,” Piccolo said. “The way he can self-evaluate … He recognized some things that he thought he needed to improve upon. He scuffled a little bit, even through the first two months (of 2023), but then he was able to eliminate chasing some pitches up in the zone. I think he really had to settle in.”
Continue reading.
GO FURTHER
Reds’ Elly De La Cruz hopes to capitalize on sophomore season: ‘I always want more’
The Mets picked Yohan Ramirez and Michael Tonkin, two right-handed pitchers, for the final two spots in their bullpen. Sean Reid-Foley, the other pitcher who competed for one of the openings, will start the year on the 15-day injured list with right shoulder impingement. Reid-Foley, Tonkin and Ramirez were all out of minor-league options. Reid-Foley dealt with an arm issue in the middle of spring training, but then returned to pitch last weekend.
There were no surprises when the Braves announced their Opening Day roster, which was set nearly a week ago and only changed in one place since — when Jesse Chavez signed Monday after being released by the White Sox. He replaced Jackson Stephens, who was outrighted to Triple A and instead opted for free agency. Atlanta doesn't open until Friday (3:05 p.m.) after Thursday's game at Philly was postponed by rain.
Starting pitchers (5): Spencer Strider, Max Fried, Chris Sale, Charlie Morton, Reynaldo López
Bullpen (8): LHP Tyler Matzek, Aaaron Hummer, A.J. Minter, Dylan Lee; RHs Joe Jiménez, Pierce Johnson, Jesse Chavez, closer Raisel Iglesias
Infielders (5): Matt Olson, Ozzie Albies, Austin Riley, Orlando Arcia, Luis Guillorme
Catchers (2): Travis d'Arnaud, Sean Murphy
Outfielders (5): Ronald Acuña Jr., Michael Harris II, Adam Duvall, Jarred Kelenic, Forrest Wall
Designated hitter (1): Marcell Ozuna
Spring training is blue skies, green grass and rose-colored glasses.
It’s executives and coaches in every camp telling you they like their squads, that there are some pieces here who can surprise, that the outsiders don’t see what they see. And as easy as it is to dismiss such chatter, it’s important to remember baseball’s history: Somewhere, those pie-in-the-sky predictions are about to come true.
In 16 of the last 20 years, half of baseball’s postseason teams had not qualified the prior year. In both 2022 and 2023, six out of 12 playoff teams were new. Last year that included a 100-win division winner and the two teams who played in the World Series. Four teams that were consensus if not quite unanimous picks to play in the postseason fell short of October, in some cases by a large margin.
So to divine the future, let’s look to the past. For all 30 teams, I’ve looked at their projected win total (via Baseball Prospectus’ PECOTA system) and found a historical analogue since 2008 — another team projected to win a similar amount that nevertheless made the postseason. The fits aren’t perfect and the methodology had to improvise — some teams are projected to be really bad — and they’re not all best-case scenarios, because only so many teams have won the World Series. And while occasionally I’ll get tongue-in-cheek, the exercise here is mostly earnest. Because you’re about to be surprised.
Continue reading.
GO FURTHER
How every MLB team can make the 2024 Playoffs
Advertisement
The Boston Red Sox open their season against the Seattle Mariners at 10:10 p.m. ET. Jen McCaffrey looked at Alex Cora's situation ahead of that game.  
On the final day of last season in Baltimore, Red Sox manager Alex Cora sat on the bench in the visitors dugout at Camden Yards — his team on its way to a second consecutive last place finish — and offered candid introspection. He’d recently learned he’d be returning as manager in 2024 despite a front office change, but he realized what he’d done in the past wasn’t enough.
“I have to be better,” he said on Oct. 1. “I have to improve. The vote of confidence is great but what are we doing, what am I doing to put these guys in a situation to be successful? I’ve got to be realistic. I feel like I haven’t done my job the last few years. I have to improve in a lot of things.”
Cora began sowing the seeds of change over the offseason.
One of the early steps was simple: A series of Zoom calls to maintain a connection with his team throughout the winter. Cora hosted calls with his players once a month — just the manager, his pitchers and position players, no coaches or front office members. The calls lasted roughly 20 minutes, aimed at keeping the group unified amid a winter of turnover and departures, not only in the front office, but on the roster and coaching staff. Justin Turner, a clubhouse leader, was gone. Chris Sale, a veteran voice on the pitching staff, had been traded.
A few players spoke on the calls, but it was mostly Cora with a clear, consistent message: The outside predictions for the club might be bleak, but he was serious about changing things in 2024. Be ready for a different kind of spring training.
It was a noticeable departure from previous winters.
Read the full story here.
GO FURTHER
Inside Alex Cora’s Red Sox ‘culture change’ — Chemistry, competition, camaraderie
The story I co-wrote with Fabian Ardaya about the Los Angeles Dodgers’ $1.4 billion offseason is one of my all-time favorites. It was a blast retracing each move, not just from the Dodgers’ perspective, but also from those of other clubs. It also was a lot of fun talking to country music star Brad Paisley and television actor Brian Baumgartner, who both played bit roles in the drama.
Fabian and I began working on the story months ago. The idea was to publish it Opening Day. But something happened in the interim: The Dodgers’ firing of Shohei Ohtani’s interpreter, Ippei Mizuhara, whom Ohtani’s attorneys accused of engaging in “massive theft” from the $700 million superstar to pay off gambling debts.
Our story was pretty much written when news of Mizuhara’s dismissal broke on March 20, complete with conflicting accounts from the interpreter on what actually happened. I won’t speak for Fabian, but with just over a week until our publication date, I went into a mild panic. Selfishly, I was concerned that the story, which includes details of the Dodgers’ pursuit of Ohtani, might no longer work.
We decided to monitor how events played out and then choose how to proceed. After Ohtani spoke Monday, accusing Mizuhara of both stealing from him and lying to him, we decided to push forward while noting the stunning turn of events.
The story is full of entertaining details about Ohtani’s and Yoshinobu Yamamoto’s free agencies, and the wild party at Paisley’s barn in Nashville that helped accelerate the Dodgers’ efforts to trade for Tyler Glasnow and sign him to an extension. We needed to make one final adjustment on Wednesday, incorporating the team’s signing of catcher Will Smith to a 10-year, $140 million extension (more on that in a minute). Because of course the Dodgers wanted to spend some more!
Anyway, we hope people enjoy reading the story as much as we enjoyed working on it. No matter how one views Ohtani’s current situation, the fact remains: A team might never put together another offseason like the one the Dodgers just did. The twists and turns just kept coming, from beginning to end.
Read the full story here. 
GO FURTHER
The Dodgers’ billion-dollar spree: secrets, rumors and Brad Paisley’s Pappy Van Winkle
The Baltimore Orioles open their season against the Los Angeles Angels at 3:05 p.m. ET. New lead owner David Rubenstein spoke with Brittany Ghiroli ahead of the game.  
BALTIMORE — Last summer on Nantucket, the future of the Baltimore Orioles started to take shape.
David Rubenstein, the billionaire co-founder of the Carlyle Group, a global private equity investment company based in Washington, D.C., owns a house on the island. So does John Angelos.
For years Rubenstein had been intrigued by the idea of getting into professional sports ownership. Angelos, who took over day-to-day operation of the club in 2018 when his late father, Peter, was in poor health, had long been entangled in sale rumors, which he vehemently denied as late as December.  The pair met one night on Nantucket, at John Angelos’ request, according to sources briefed on discussions but not authorized to speak publicly, and Angelos tried to sell Rubenstein on becoming an Orioles minority partner.
Rubenstein, who was born and raised in Baltimore, still has ties to the area. Friends would bemoan the team’s state of affairs under John Angelos, with the team’s payroll falling to among the lowest in baseball and free-agent spending all but disappearing. Rubenstein was one of a small group of people who had the kind of wealth necessary to buy the team and change course.
Read the full story here.
GO FURTHER
Exclusive: New Orioles owner David Rubenstein on his to-do list, responsibilities and more