Last minute touchdowns, celebrity romances and pop royalty, ITV News US Correspondent Dan Rivers reports on the Super Bowl key moments
Kansas City Chiefs have become the first back-to-back Super Bowl winners in 19 years with a 25-22 overtime win over the San Francisco 49ers in Las Vegas.
It was the second time in NFL history a Super Bowl went to overtime and the first post-season game decided under the league’s new overtime rules.
The 49ers had been leading 22-19 in overtime, but a late touchdown from the Chiefs' Mecole Hardman Jr denied the 49ers victory.
Glitz, glamour and spectacle: Celebs in attendance for America's biggest game
Alicia Keys, Lil John and Ludacris joined Usher during the half-time performance, while Taylor Swift was among celebrities including Blake Lively, Lady Gaga, Beyonce and Jay Z watching from the stands.
Taylor Swift had hot-footed it on a 5,700-mile journey from her Eras Tour in Japan to watch her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs' Travis Kelce, play.
Other celebrities included Sir Paul McCartney and Justin Bieber, US actor and long-time Chiefs fan Paul Rudd, Leonardo DiCaprio and Mark Wahlberg.
Usher began his performance at the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas with 2004 hit Caught Up.
The half-time show is one of the most coveted slots in music with star Usher treating fans to a selection of fan favourites from his catalogue, including Bad Girl, U Got It Bad, Burn and Love In This Club, with a marching band in tow.
Keys was the first guest to make a surprise appearance to sing a segment of If I Ain’t Got You while wearing a red sparkly jumpsuit and playing a red bespoke piano, before cuddling up with Usher to duet on their 2004 hit My Boo.
Superstar Beyonce released two tracks from the second act of her Renaissance project, after teasing the new music during an advert at the Super Bowl. 
The new music, which appears to lean into a country theme, is set to be released on March 29.
Want a quick and expert briefing on the biggest news stories? Listen to our latest podcasts to find out What You Need To Know... 
© ITV Consumer Limited 2025