e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

Please submit obituaries to obits@allaroundphilly.com and attach the name of the person paying for the obituary, his or her home address and a phone number. The obits team will call you with a price once it has been entered into the system. The deadline is Tuesday by Noon for that week’s paper. If you have general questions call 610-235-2687.

e-Edition
The junior finished first in girls diving at the PIAA 3A Swimming and Diving Championships at Bucknell University, with a total of 478.40 points. Hillier recorded a score of 499.70 in winning the PIAA District 1 3A diving title. Hillier also competed in various swimming events during the season for the Pioneers, and at the Central League Meet, where she posted a diving point total of 518.90 (which is a Conestoga, pool and Central League record), she led off for the Pioneers’ third-place 200 free relay team (1:40.08) with a 24.91 split and finished fifth in the 50 free (24.46). Conestoga girls swimming head coach Rob Kirkby said, “Avery is an amazing student athlete, but it is very special for me because of the special relationship we have.  Avery was my student in middle school, additionally, her mom was a diver (and swimmer) for me when she was in high school.   To be an athlete, winning the diving competition at the District level and also competing in two swimming events is something that does not happen.  She is a quiet team leader but very vocal in her commitment to this team.” Out of the pool at Conestoga, Hillier is a member of the National Honors Society, Alzheimer’s Awareness Club, and Cure for Cam Club.
Q: What is your most vivid memory of the PIAA 3A Diving Championships? What was the key to your success that day?
A: My most vivid memory from States was doing my last dive. It was my favorite dive and doing it well in competition felt really good. My key to success that day was staying focused and trusting my training.
Q: What (in your opinion) has been your best dive of the 2023-24 winter season? What was the key to your performance on that dive?
A: My best dive was probably my front 1.5 with two twists from Districts. My key to performance was again staying focused and just being relaxed in general.
Q: What are your best dives, in order?
A: My best dives in order are twisters, backs, reverses, inwards and then fronts.
Q: What aspect of your diving have you been working on the most recently?
A: Recently, I have been working on spotting and knowing where I am in a lot of my dives, and also learning a lot of new dives on the platforms. My club circuit starts in April, so I have been working on polishing everything for that season.
Q: What sparked your original interest in competitive diving?
A: My mom was a diver when she was little, so I started doing summer diving at Martin’s Dam at age 6 and learned from the older kids there about competitive diving, and I have loved it ever since.
Q: What coaches/mentors have been particularly helpful to your diving career?
A: My club coach Kris Hoffman has been super helpful and important in my diving career. He has been coaching me for the past two years and has really helped me be confident in myself and my diving and also pushes me to work harder every day and always try new things.
Q: What was your favorite experience this past winter season as a Conestoga swimmer?
A: My favorite experience as a Conestoga swimmer this year was at Central Leagues when I swam in both the individual 50 freestyle and the 200 freestyle relay with my teammates. Everyone was having so much fun and supporting each other and it was just a great experience as a swimmer.
Q: What, to you, is the major difference between indoor and outdoor diving competitions?
A: The major difference between outdoor and indoor diving is the spotting and knowing where you are in your dives. The sky and the water are similar colors and when you are spinning it is hard to tell.
Q: What’s the coolest place you’ve ever dove from?
A: This past summer I dove at Nationals in Mission Viejo, California and it was so cool to dive outside and be in California.
Q: Tell us a little about your pre-meet preparation the day of a meet.
A: The day of a meet I usually get to the pool before warm up to stretch or warm up on land before getting in the water. I like to listen to music to help me get excited and ready for the competition. I try to stay relaxed and not focused on the competition so it doesn’t make me stressed.
Q: Take us through a typical workout session, both in the pool and in the weight room.
A: Practice is from 4-7:30 p.m., and we do dryland and conditioning from 4-5:30 p.m. that usually consists of weights and fast conditioning mixed with flipping on land or on the trampoline. We then get in the pool from 5:30-7:30 p.m. to work on our dives. Each day is on a different board so we can focus on all categories and all dives. One day will be 1 meter, one will be 3 meter, and one will be platform. We usually do 3-4 repetitions of each dive to really make corrections and work on the things we need to fix.
Q: What is your favorite academic course at Conestoga? What would you like to major in at college? Is there a particular career path that interests you at the present time?
A: My favorite academic course is Chemistry. I would like to major in biochemistry in college and go in to the medical field hopefully after college.
Fun facts – Avery Hillier
Favorite book: One of Us is Lying.
Favorite author: Suzanne Collins.
Favorite TV show: The Office.
Favorite movie: Legally Blonde.
Favorite athlete: Simone Biles.
Favorite pre-meet pump-up song: Beauty and A Beat by Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber.
Favorite team: New England Patriots.
Favorite place to visit: Outer Banks, N.C.
Favorite pre-meet meal: Clif bar.
Person I admire most: “My parents.”
Family members: parents Sam and Megan, sister Caroline, brother Graham.
(To be selected as Main Line Girls Athlete of the Week, a student-athlete must first be nominated by her coach.)
To view a gallery of the previous Main Line Girls Athletes of the Week click here
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group