By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:56, 11 January 2024   |  Updated:  03:56, 11 January 2024   
 35
View  comments
Selena Gomez made her return to Instagram on Wednesday, just one day after vowing to take a break from social media 'for a while.'
The actress, 31, brushed off her recent Golden Globes drama as she took to her Stories to promote a cooking video with chef Gordon Ramsay, 51.
The Only Murders in the Building star shared a snap from the video, writing, '@Gordongram stepped into my kitchen and showed me how to make an amazing Breakfast Burger.' 
In the full clip, shared to Ramsay's YouTube, the duo were seen preparing the scrumptious breakfast together in Selena's kitchen, with a stunning view of the ocean behind them.
The clip started with Gordon asking Selena what her favorite breakfast food was, to which she replied: 'It depends. I like a nice breakfast sandwich, or a little taco, burrito.' 
Selena Gomez made her return to Instagram on Wednesday, just one day after vowing to take a break from social media 'for a while'
He then asked her how she makes her scrambled eggs, to which Selena replied: 'A little butter, and kind of just spin it around. Sometimes I add milk.'
Gordon then laughed, quipping, 'not milk.'
During the clip Selena - who will star as Linda Ronstadt in an upcoming biopic - shared that her go-to favorite snack on the road was a 'chicken salad.'
She also admitted that she has a 'hard time' eating greens.
'I need to do better with that.'
Gordon also inquired about her 'go-to naughty snack' which Selena revealed was Jack-In-The-Box.
Justin Bieber's ex proceeded to reveal her order at the fast food place, telling Gordon she gets 'two tacos, two egg rolls, curly fries and a chicken sandwich.'
Meanwhile Gordon said his guilty pleasure was In-N-Out.
After the pair wrapped up making their burgers, Selena exclaimed, 'Holy s**t, this is so good.' 
The actress, 31, took to her Stories to promote a cooking video with chef Gordon Ramsay, 51
In the full clip, shared to Ramsay's YouTube, the duo were seen preparing a scrumptious breakfast burger together in Selena's kitchen, with a stunning view of the ocean behind them
The clip started with Gordon asking Selena what her favorite breakfast food was, to which she replied: 'It depends. I like a nice breakfast sandwich, or a little taco, burrito'
Gordon inquired about her 'go-to naughty snack' which Selena revealed was Jack-In-The-Box
Justin Bieber's ex proceeded to reveal her order at the fast food place, telling Gordon she gets 'two tacos, two egg rolls, curly fries and a chicken sandwich'
After the pair wrapped up making their burgers, Selena exclaimed, 'Holy s**t, this is so good'
The night prior Selena took to her Instagram Stories saying it was time for a social media break amid brewing drama over an incident at the Golden Globes Sunday involving Timothée Chalamet, 28, and Kylie Jenner, 26, as well as her pal Taylor Swift, 34.
'I'm off social for a while,' the Grand Prairie, Texas native said. 'I'm focusing on what really matters.'
The star accompanied the statement by a brief clip she shot of her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 35, and a pair of young kids.
The latest controversy surrounding the actress-singer erupted Sunday at the Golden Globe awards, held at the Beverly Hilton in Beverly Hills, California.
At one point in the ceremony, cameras focused on Gomez as she was somberly chatting with Swift and actress Keleigh Sperry, 31, the wife of actor Miles Teller, 36.
Speculation ensued that Jenner was not OK with Gomez posing for a picture with Chalamet, as Gomez nodded affirmatively after Sperry was heard saying, 'With Timothee?'
Forensic lipreader Jeremy Freeman told DailyMail.com that Gomez told Swift and Sperry, 'He didn’t want a picture with me, he said no,' to which Sperry said, 'Timothee?'
Swift was seen whispering in the ear of Gomez, who responded to her, 'I tried, I couldn’t, it’ll upset em.'
On Monday, Gomez denied she was speaking Chalamet and Jenner as she posted in the comment section of an E! News post about the incident.
Selena said it was time for a social media break as she took to Instagram Stories Tuesday evening, amid brewing drama over an incident at the Golden Globes. She accompanied the statement with a brief clip of her boyfriend Benny Blanco, 35, and a pair of young kids
At one point in the ceremony, cameras focused on Gomez as she was somberly chatting with pal Taylor Swift. Some fans believed that Gomez told Swift that Timothée Chalamet didn't want to take a picture with her; Selena and Swift seen on Sunday
Speculation ensued Timothée wouldn't pose with Gomez for a picture so as not to upset his rumored love interest Kylie Jenner; Pictured at the Golden Globes 
On Monday, Gomez denied she was speaking about Chalamet and Jenner as she posted in the comment section of an E! News post about the incident 
The post was captioned, 'At tea time, we'd love to know if Selena Gomez was really gossiping about Kylie Jenner & Timothée Chalamet at this year's #GoldenGlobes.'
Gomez replied, 'Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone business.'
Chalamet also denied having any issues with Gomez on Monday, saying they were on good terms.
Gomez and Chalamet had previously worked with one another on the Woody Allen movie A Rainy Day In New York, playing the respective love interests Chan and Gatsby.
Gomez has past said she thinks taking social media breaks at times make for a healthy decision, revealing that at one point, she took more than four years off from going online - letting her assistant run her account.
Last year, she announced she was taking a break from her social media on two occasions. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group