Post Malone admits he’s feeling the nerves ahead of his Super Bowl 2024 performance at Allegiant Stadium.
The singer, who will be putting his spin on “America the Beautiful” during Sunday’s pregame show, made the revelation while performing at The One Party by Uber in Sin City Friday night.
“We rehearsed for the Super Bowl today,” Malone, 28, exclaimed on stage at the exclusive bash, held at the posh BleauLive Theater at Fontainebleau Las Vegas.
“And I’m scared s–tless.”
The 10-time Grammy nominee kept the crowd hyped at the exclusive members-only party, which was attended by stars like Tom Brady, Megan Fox, Ciara, Gabrielle Union, Glen Powell, AJ McLean and Chord Overstreet.
Malone ran through his most famous hits, including “Circles,” “I Like You,” “Sunflower,” “Chemical,” “White Iverson” and “Better Now,” complete with pyrotechnics and his quirky dance moves that have become a staple at his live shows.
“F–k, I wish I was invited to this party!” he said toward the beginning of his performance after taking a look at the star-studded crowd. “I hope everybody is having a badass f–king night.”
Before singing his 2018 hit track “Rockstar,” which features 21 Savage, Malone told partygoers that a lot has changed since he penned the catchy hit.
“I wrote this next song when I was young and not… super chill,” the father of one explained. “Now I’ve got a 2-year-old and I don’t quite do much of any of this [stuff] anymore.”
However, the rapper’s inner rockstar came through once again with the sound advice he gave the audience before surprise guest Quavo joined him to sing “Congratulations.”
“No matter what the f–k is happening in your life, do the best you f–king can every f–king day. Just keep f–king being yourself because there’s no one on this f–king planet that’s [you],” he advised.
“Just keep f–king kickin’ ass. Live your f–king life and live your f–king dream and live your f–king truth and be who the f–k you are.”
Earlier this week, Malone expressed similar sentiments about the lead-up to Sunday’s pregame performance at Apple Music’s Super Bowl 2024 halftime show press conference in Las Vegas on Thursday.
“Nerve-wracking, I’m very nervous,” he confessed to a room filled with reporters, including Page Six. “But excited. I’m excited. It’s just fun and super-epic to be able to go out and sing a song so many beautiful artists have sang before.”
During Sunday’s pregame festivities, Malone will be joined by Reba McEntire and Andra Day, who will be singing the national anthem and “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” respectively.
Usher will later take the stage to headline the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show – with some special surprise guests expected to join him on stage.
“I think I made it easy for myself when I decided to have features on songs that became hit records, so that gave me the greatest point of reference,” he teased, when asked if any guest “immediately” came to mind as he was planning the show.
“I have definitely went through a lot of ideas of who I would have share this moment with me and I do feel like the people who are gonna share it deserve just as much recognition for what they do in their careers – whether we have collaborated together or rather they’ve had moments of their own.”
The R&B singer, 45, has teamed up with a myriad of musical artists over the years, including Alicia Keys, Lil Jon, Jeezy, Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber.
Fans can tune in to watch Post Malone, Usher and more — along with the championship game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers — starting at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT Sunday on CBS, Nickelodeon and Paramount+.
Advertisement