Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck are keeping things merry and bright despite their ongoing divorce.
The singer, 55, and the Oscar winner, 52, reportedly gave each other Christmas gifts ahead of the festive holiday. 
The two were spotted at 2 p.m. on Sunday at Soho House in West Hollywood, Calif. where they grabbed lunch and exchanged presents, according to DailyMail. They reportedly spent about 30 minutes together. 
J.Lo was also said to have spent time with her mother, Guadalupe, along with her twins, Emme and Max, at the exclusive club.
While their marriage may be ending, the pair “have every intention of continuing to be in each other’s lives despite not being romantically involved,” a source revealed to Page Six last week. 
“Ben and Jennifer are still connected and they do communicate when it involves their kids,” the insider added. 
Lopez shares Emme and Max, 16, with ex-husband Marc Anthony, while Affleck has three children — Violet, 19, Fin, 15, and Samuel, 12 — with ex-wife Jennifer Garner. 
Also on Sunday, the “Argo” director was seen picking up Fin from Garner’s Brentwood Park home. 
Meanwhile on Saturday, J.Lo posted a video on her Instagram story that day showing her, Emme and three friends singing Justin Bieber’s 2012 song “Beauty and a Beat” in the car as they drove to Beverly Hills, Calif. 
The “Get Right” singer captioned the story, “When all the kids get together for the holidays!” and tagged her sister Lynda Lopez, producing partner Elaine Goldsmith-Thomas and Wilhelmina Curve director Michelle Chiaravalle.
Lopez and Emme then went shopping at Ralph Lauren and the Uniquities Consignment House antique store in Beverly Hills before grabbing a bite at Cantina Frida.
Lopez and Affleck have been seen together a handful of times in the past couple of months. Most recently, the estranged spouses attended Emme and Fin’s school play along with Garner on Dec. 14. Affleck chatted with Fin after the show and before he left, Page Six reported.
The “Jenny from the Block” singer filed for divorce from Affleck in August on the two year anniversary of their second wedding ceremony. 
The star submitted her divorce petition alone at a Los Angeles courthouse. In the filing, Lopez marked the couple’s date of separation as April 26, 2024. They reportedly did not have a prenuptial agreement. 
Once known as “Bennifer,” Affleck and Lopez met in 2002 on the set of the now-notorious film “Gigli.” They got engaged later that year before breaking things off in 2004. 
Nearly two decades later, they rekindled their romance in 2021 and married in Las Vegas on July 17, 2022. The loved-up duo held a lavish second wedding ceremony in Georgia the following month. 
J.Lo and Ben’s divorce came at the same time that their movie “Unstoppable” was about to make its premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival. 
The inspiring story of Anthony Robles, who won the NCAA wrestling championship despite being born with only one leg, the film stars Lopez as Robles’ mother. The “Selena” actress also produced the project alongside Affleck and his BFF Matt Damon.
Advertisement