By ED HOLT 
 Published:  01:53, 3 March 2024   |  Updated:  02:03, 3 March 2024   
 34
View  comments
A lock of Oscar nominated actor Cillian Murphy's hair is currently on sale for £6,000. 
The 'substantial' lock of hair was snipped by a wigmaker on the set of Peaky Blinders to ensure the wig matched Mr Murphy's hair perfectly and it even comes with a card with his name written in pen as proof.
Now the hair sample is being sold by Paul Fraser Collectibles for £6,000, with a note that the lock could belong to an Oscar winner shortly. 
He is the bookies favourites to take home the Best Actor award at the Oscars next Sunday for his role in Oppenheimer. Mr Murphy stars as the titular character J Robert Oppenheimer in the critically acclaimed historical biopic. 
In February, the Irish actor won the Best Actor award at the BAFTAs and he won a Golden Globe for his part earlier in the year. 
Cillian Murphy after winning the Best Leading Actor award for Oppenheimer at the BAFTAs. A lock of Mr Murphy's hair is currently on sale for £6,000
Mr Murphy as J. Robert Oppenheimer in the historical biopic Oppenheimer. He is the bookies favourite to take home the Best Actor award at the Oscars next Sunday for the film
Mr Murphy as Tommy Shelby in Peaky Blinders. He was credited with popularising the faded short, back and side hairstyle 
A memorabilia expert told The Sun: 'Cillian's stock is rising and he is now a global star, especially after the Bafta and likely Oscar.
'So, although this might be a strange thing to collect, it is likely to go up in value.
'There is actually a pretty big market for famous people's hair.'
Mr Murphy's hair is not the only celebrity hair sold by Paul Fraser Collectibles. The site is also selling hair cuttings from US pop star Justin Bieber for £35,000. As well as a lock of Marilyn Monroe's hair from the night she sang happy birthday to JFK, which costs an eye-watering £250,000. 
Surprisingly this is not the first time Mr Murphy's hair has been in the news. During his time playing the role of Tommy Shelby in the hit BBC drama Peaky Blinders, Mr Murphy was credited with popularising the faded short, back and sides hairstyle.      

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group