Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Romeo Beckham has proved that he's following in his dad's footsteps in more ways than one, with the budding footballer adding to his tattoo collection with a massive ink on his chest.
The middle child of Spice Girl-turned-fashion designer Victoria and footballing legend David took to Instagram to share the tattoo with his 3.9 million followers. Decorating his upper chest, the new addition shows an old fashioned scene with a woman nurturing two babies, a number of animals and another woman all appearing in the image.
Currently spending time over in Los Angeles, Romeo, 21, had the inking done by tattoo artist Docta Woo, who has done Romeo's previous tattoos and also several other famous faces, including Drake and Justin Bieber. Showing off the tat, Romeo shared a shirtless selfie to his Stories as he shielded his face with a pair of sunglasses and a baseball cap.
While it may be his largest tattoo yet, Romeo is no stranger to getting inked, and even has a neck tattoo which is virtually identical to his dad David's tattoo and is in the same place - wings on the back of his neck.
David has over 80 inkings over his body, including once dedicated to his wife Victoria. While the passion clearly runs in the family, with David and Victoria's eldest son, Brooklyn, overtaking his dad with over 100 tattoos, 70 of which are dedicated to his wife Nicola Peltz.
While David has a number of tattoos as tributes to his children, including Romeo’s name in a Roman font underneath his neck tattoo. Romeo headed out to LA earlier this month, with the trip coming after rumours he had rekindled his romance with ex-girlfriend Mia Regan.
Just weeks after announcing their split earlier this week, the pair looked loved up again as they strolled hand in hand during a shopping trip in west London. While Romeo dressed down in a pair of designer Supreme sweatpants and a grey T-shirt, Mia was also sporting a casual look in baggy jeans, a grey T-shirt, and a bomber jacket.
In March, Romeo announced his split from model girlfriend Mia after a five-year relationship. Alongside a photo of him and Mia pulling funny faces at each other during a country walk, he wrote: "Mooch and I have parted ways after 5 years of love. We still have a lot of respect for each other, and still hold a strong friendship and always will."