Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 New mother Hailey Bieber has taken to Instagram to post an adorable family snap with husband Justin Bieber, and their adorable son Jack Blues. In a carousel of photos on the social media site, the 28-year-old mother of one wrote: “November aka the best month of the year.” 
In the adorable family picture, the couple could be seen wrapping up warm as they wore co-ordinating fleece jackets as they smiled for the camera. Justin opted for a grey camo jacket, while Hailey went for a khaki colour. The couple covered their faces as Hailey wore a cap and sunglasses, while Justin covered his face with a huge hood. Baby Jack Blues’ face was also covered as Hailey cradled him in the cold.
Elsewhere in the throwback monthly photo dump, Hailey posted a range of pictures of products from her skin care brand, Rhodes, including the viral lipgloss phone case. In further pictures, the star posted some more chilled out snaps, including a no make up selfie and an adorable picture of a puppy wearing glasses.
Fans rushed to the comments to compliment the adorable family, as one wrote: “the most beautiful family in the world, I love you so much !!!” A second comment read: “LOVE THIS PERFECT FAMILY!” A third echoed: “The cutest, most beautiful family ever!!”
Hailey and Justin announced the exciting news that they had welcomed a baby boy on Friday, 23 August, revealing his name as Jack Blues Bieber. They poster a snap of the baby's foot, which it looked like Hailey was holding, to Instagram along with the message, "Welcome home!"
 They were congratulated by many celebrity friends as singer Charlie Puth said: "Congratulations Justin !!", while pop star  Katy Perry  penned: "Your blessing has arrived."  Khloe Kardashian  said: "Jack blues!!!!!! Congratulations!!!!! I love this tiny foot so so much" 
The couple first shared the news that they were expecting their first child on Thursday, 9 May when the model was six months pregnant. Hailey unveiled her baby bump on an Instagram video, wearing a white sleeveless lace dress and matching headscarf, with her growing bump on show in the figure-hugging outfit.
Hailey and Justin tied the knot at a courthouse in New York City back in September 2018, followed by  a star-studded bash a year later in South Carolina  where celebrity friends including  Kendall Jenner  and Jaden Smith attended to help the couple celebrate their love.