Follow us
In October, when Jeremy Allen White and Rosalía appeared at a Los Angeles farmers’ market — bouquets of lilies and purple gomphrena in hand — I told my friends: “I feel like this couple was designed in a lab for me personally.” If the Brooklynite actor, 32, and the Catalonian pop star, 31, made for an unlikely pair, their breezy outfits were right in sync. By November, when photos materialised of the duo enjoying a cigarette break in a convenience-store parking lot — leaned up against a Honda Civic, their grubby Nikes entangled like a litter of puppies — I knew I was cooked.
In the realm of contemporary celebrity-couple style, our favorite lovebirds run the gamut: Rihanna and A$AP Rocky vibrate on the same high-fashion frequency. Hailey and Justin Bieber embrace their sartorial chaos, for better and for worse. Zoë Kravitz and Channing Tatum have streamlined their high-low style, while Victoria and David Beckham’s coordinated power-dressing has always been as precise as a blueprint. Even Rosalía’s pal Kylie Jenner found a label-loving match in her post-swag king, Timothée Chalamet.
The duo at a farmers' market in Los Angeles on October 29.
But Rosalía — whose frenetic fashion sense is as consistently cool as her musical output—and Jeremy Allen White — whose penchant for painted nails and dressed-down formalwear made him American GQ's Most Stylish Man of 2023 reader poll — are refreshing. Their allure is that they dress like hot grown-ups.
At the farmers’ market in October, White wore his usual nubby cardigan, beat-up Mets cap, and Nike Cortez trainers, while Rosalía — carrying a single, long-stemmed bloom — looked sultry in an airbrushed hoodie, short shorts, and tall Miu Miu boots. Come December, they were holding hands while wearing matching black outfits, and a few weeks later, paparazzi photos of the duo laughing and chain-smoking outside of an LA restaurant — he in a blue chore coat and worn-in denim; she, a pleated miniskirt, sage-green flight jacket, and yellow kitten heels — made the rounds online, thanks to how devastatingly smitten they looked.
Last week, the duo popped up again in New York City. He wore a leather bomber jacket, drapey trousers, and a black beanie; she wore a black skirt, matching jacket, and ankle-strap heels, and carried a rose-pink scarf.
Last year was tumultuous for both stars’ personal lives: White’s wife, the actor Addison Timlin, filed for divorce in May, while Rosalía ended her engagement with singer and longtime boyfriend Rauw Alejandro in July. “It’s been insane,” White told GQ in November, reflecting on his 2023. “A lot of high highs, a lot of terribly low lows.”
Here’s to a new year — and may it be full of love, highs and lows, and many states of dress and undress for all.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast