By Peter White 
Executive Editor, Television

EXCLUSIVE: OBB Pictures, the company behind Roku’s A Very Demi Holiday Special and Netflix’s Mountain Queen: The Summits of Lhakpa Sherpa, is formalizing its relationship with Dexton Deboree.

	Deboree, who is behind documentary projects including Unbanned: The Story of AJ1 and Best Shape of My Life, has struck a first-look deal with Michael D. Ratner’s company.

	It comes after he collaborated with OBB on The Game Plan, a six-part series for TNT hosted by Shaquille O’Neal highlighting some of Atlanta’s most inspiring entrepreneurs and how their small businesses impact their community. Deboree was showrunner and directed three episodes.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Documentary
	



	
		
					The Kid Laroi Documentary 'Kids Are Growing Up' Set For February Launch On Prime Video		
			















	Culture
	



	
		
					Hailey Bieber Teams With OBB Pictures To Launch Official YouTube Channel		
			







	Deboree, who runs his own Falkon Entertainment banner, and OBB will now develop and produce non-fiction films, series and branded content.  




			Watch on Deadline		






	OBB is also behind Justin Bieber: Our World, Demi Lovato: Dancing with the Devil and Who’s In My Bathroom? with Hailey Bieber and just finished season ten of Kevin Hart’s Cold As Balls with Kids Are Growing Up: A Story About A Kid Named Laroi premiering on Amazon earlier this year.

	Deboree has also worked on Promiseland, Real Talk, in collaboration with the Jordan brand, and Learning to Fly.

	“My number one mission is to create stories that shift culture, disrupt conventional thought, and truly inspire the world. Michael is one of those rare talents that always delivers the most impactful stories, done in extremely original and elevated ways. What he’s built at OBB couldn’t be more aligned with my own ethos and beliefs and what we’ve been building at Falkon since day one. My experience working closely with Kfir and the OBB team in general in the past revealed this powerful alignment between us and the results were world class storytelling and an extremely rewarding and fulfilling process along the way. I’m inspired to be teaming up with them and repeating those results on many projects into the future,” said Deboree.

	Ratner added, “Reteaming with Dex is exciting as we’re always looking to add further best in class partners to bring original, bold stories to life. As we continue to grow our creative ecosystem, we’re committed to using our platform and investing our resources into working alongside and supporting deeply talented individuals as it allows us to impact more people. Providing access to our team of experienced storytellers, in addition to our studio and production capabilities, we’re able to work together to create content that connects with our audiences.”  

	










	Deboree is represented by CAA and Hertz Lichtenstein Young & Polk LLP and OBB is represented by CAA and Yorn Levine. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.