These party invitations are the GOAT!
For his upcoming annual Fourth of July white party in the Hamptons, Fanatics mogul Michael Rubin’s invitations are actual framed illustrations by renowned artist and good friend George Condo. 
Stars including Kim Kardashian, Tom Brady and Emily Ratajkowski have been receiving the 24 x 24-inch Condo pieces, delivered by couriers in white tuxes.
Brady posted on Instagram of his incredible invite: “The [George Condo] invitation is just running up the score at this point.” 
We hear that 300 black-and-white Condo works went out to guests in NYC and LA that are individually numbered and personally signed. 
And it looks like some special ones were colored by the artist, and personalized with guests’ names, as seen in social media posts by Brady, Kardashian and Ratajkowski. 
Spies said Condo — whose work can be found in MoMA, the Met and the Whitney — is Rubin’s favorite artist. 
Brady and Kardashian previously bid $2 million each on a Condo painting last year at a charity auction for Jay-Z, Meek Mill and Rubin’s Reform Alliance in Atlantic City, NJ. 
Brady won the Condo work at the auction, but the artist agreed to create another painting for Kardashian as a commission, with all the money going to the charity.
Sources said that Condo created Rubin’s white party invites gratis as a friend, refusing any payment.
But we hear the two are also planning a significant collaboration together for the sports tycoon’s Topps cards brand, to bring personally drawn artwork to the sports world. 
Stars started posting pics of the Condo creations on social media as they were hand-delivered — and recipients also included Joan Smalls, Justine Skye, Druski, La La Anthony and Alix Earle, according to Instagram. 
Condo’s works have been known to sell at auction for nearly $7 million. One expert estimated that the white party invitations are worth $35,000 and up. 
But while numerous invitees have been getting DMs with offers to buy them, we hear that it would be social suicide to sell the invitations as they’re individually numbered and highly trackable! 
In the past, Rubin has sent out custom bottles of Jay-Z’s Ace of Spades bubbly as his white party invitations — but he raised the bar again this time. 
Besides Brady, Kardashian and Ratajkowski, last year’s guests at Rubin’s Hamptons bash also included Jay-Z and Beyoncé, Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez, Justin and Hailey Bieber, Drake, Travis Scott, James Corden, Kevin Hart, Kendall Jenner, Kevin Durant, James Harden, Joel Embiid, Odell Beckham Jr., Jack Harlow and Usher. 
One question is who will perform at the impossible-to-get-into party at Rubin’s estate. Usher, Drake, Scott and many more have previously played the party. 
Advertisement