By JIMMY BRIGGS FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  02:54, 12 June 2024   |  Updated:  03:04, 12 June 2024   
 3
View  comments
Australian comedian Matt Hey has shared a hilarious clip to social media where he is seen reviewing The Kardashian's favourite restaurant Nobu.
In the clip, Hey - also known by his stage name Alright, Hey! - joked about the size of the eatery's world famous tacos as he dined at Nobu inside Crown Sydney.
The tuna tomato salsa, salmon spicy miso and chicken antichuco tacos are $8 each, while the Waygu beef tacos are $10 and the lobster wasabi sour cream tacos are $12.
'I'm at Nobu for the first time and I got two tacos thinking they would be regular sized. Like normal, average sized tacos... but is it taco for an ant?' he asked his fans.
The comedian then presented one of the tacos to the camera, showing that it is about half the size of his middle finger.
Australian comedian Matt Hey has shared a hilarious clip to social media where he is seen reviewing The Kardashian's favourite restaurant Nobu 
'Okay...' a confused Matt says, as he swallows it in one bite. 
Matt captioned the footage: 'Well... I wasn't expecting this' and added a skull emoji.
Nobu is a globally recognized luxury restaurant brand known for its high-end Japanese-Peruvian fusion cuisine. 
The first Nobu restaurant was opened in  1994 in New York City by Chef Nobu Matsuhisa, actor Robert De Niro and film producer Meir Teper. 
It is the favourite restaurant of the Kardashian family, with Kim and Kourtney often spotted dining at its Los Angeles and Malibu establishments 
The first Nobu restaurant was opened in 1994 in New York City by Chef Nobu Matsuhisa, actor Robert De Niro and film producer Meir Teper. Pictured Nobu at Crown Sydney 
The brand has expanded to several cities worldwide, which are often located in prestigious locations and frequently visited by celebrities and high-profile individuals. 
It is the favourite restaurant of the Kardashian family, with Kim and Kourtney often spotted dining at its Los Angeles and Malibu establishments. 
Nobu restaurants are known for their high-end dining experience, and the upmarket prices reflect this.
Other A-List celebrities known to dine there include Kendall Jenner, Leonardo Di Caprio and Justin Bieber.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group