Bethenny Frankel vented about not getting “acknowledgment” from a restaurant in the Hamptons she claims she made famous.
On the latest episode of her “Just B” podcast, Frankel was discussing the tense relationship between locals and tourists when she turned her sights to one particular “establishment,” which she did not name.
“I know this is gonna sound ridiculous, and I can’t believe I’m ever gonna say this, but I have made this one establishment in the Hamptons viral, to say the least,” she told her listeners.
Though the “Real Housewives of New York City” alum, 53, acknowledged that the restaurant has “always been successful with the people in the Hamptons,” she insisted that she “made it viral” and “a destination.”
“I made people come there to get certain items that are so expensive,” she said, calling the restaurant’s dishes “drastically” and “psychotically overpriced.”
“I’ve gone back to visit there just to want some acknowledgment,” she explained. “Like, [also] to get some food, but for someone to just say, ‘Wow, that was so funny!’ Not, like, kiss my ass, by any means. Just to, like, look at me in the face and be like, ‘That was crazy,’ or ‘That’s funny,’ or a wink or a smile or anything or ‘LOL.’
“Nothing,” she continued, “because they are locals, and they hate what they perceive to be rich a–holes.”
Though the Skinnygirl mogul insisted she’s “only ever gone in there wanting to celebrate them,” she went on to refer to herself as “the Justin Bieber of this place.”
“I thought I was such hot s–t,” she admitted, “but these particular locals didn’t even acknowledge my presence. They weren’t even unbothered; they were bothered. And it bothered me because I think it’s important who we support.”
Speaking to her “psychotically overpriced” statement, Frankel claimed the establishment in question charges “$30, $40 for guacamole or chicken salad — the basic foods.”
“If you’re going to f–k me, you better be nice to me. It’s all I’m asking. Otherwise, no way. We’re not f–king again,” she said, later adding, “And the people making the guacamole are laughing that schmucks like us would pay $40 for guacamole.”
Though the former Bravolebrity did not identify the restaurant, she has made many similar complaints in the past about an eatery called Round Swamp Farm.
Advertisement