After debuting a cleaner look in October, Pete Davidson showed off his nearly tattoo-free arms during a surprise appearance on Saturday Night Live with John Mulaney.
Fair warning, you're about to look at milk a lot differently after this.
A year after hosting Saturday Night Live, Pete Davidson made a surprise return to help his friend and host John Mulaney poke fun at...the Port Authority Duane Reade. (If you know Diner Lobster, you know where we're going with us.)
“Welcome to the Duane Reade inside the Port Authority bus terminal,” a behind-the-counter Mulaney said to Davidson and SNL's Andrew Dismukes. “May I offer you a flu shot?”
Davidson—wearing a t-shirt that showed off his now-almost-bare arms following his tattoo removal—passed on the vaccine but admitted he needed a few things before he and Dismukes catch a bus to Boston. 
"Our system is down right now," Mulaney revealed, "so we are only accepting cash or sex."
Thankfully, Davidson said had change to pay for, um, "that jug of milk in the little fridge...I'll take that."
Yes, that's he wanted. Even Mulaney was appalled. 
"I'm sorry," the host replied. "You mean the gallon of milk surrounded by cans of twisted iced tea in the fridge that's hotter than the rest of the store?"
Davidson insisted it would be OK—"I don't want to make a separate stop at the supermarket in Boston"—and while he thought the jug said organic, well, it actually read organ.
"What's the big deal?" he asked. "Milk is milk, right?"
Wrong. 
Cue a family of possums (that would be Kenan Thompson and Ego Nwodim) singing "Milk From My Wife" to the tune of "The Circle of Life."
“From the moment she gave birth in a backpack, her dozen nipples began to excrete,” Thompson belted out. “But there was more to see than can ever unsee. A plastic jug filled with goop from her teat. It’s milk from my wife and it feeds a soul!”
From there, Mulaney, Davidson and Dismukes went on to poke fun at the Timothée Chalamet lookalike contest, Mayor Eric Adams and why NYC keeps shampoo under lock and key.
For Davidson, the 8-minute cameo marked a rare public outing as he's temporarily stepped out of the spotlight.
Before SNL, he was most recently seen out alongside pal Machine Gun Kelly Oct. 23 in Los Angeles, where he debuted the progress of his jaw-dropping tattoo removal, a stark difference from his previous appearance in which his arms were filled with ink.
So why is he cleaning up his look? Well, now that he's pursuing a career in acting, he wants to avoid sitting for three hours getting his tattoos covered up.
As he explained, "For some reason, people in movies, they don't have them that much."
He's not the only one to undergo a jaw-dropping transformation either. Read on and see for yourself...
Sebastian Stan
The Marvel actor said goodbye to Bucky Barnes' signature long hair in April 2025, showing off a shaved head at the Los Angeles premiere of Thunderbolts*.
JoJo Siwa
In March 2025, the "Karma" singer debuted her rainbow mohawk at the GLAAD Media Awards. 
Emily Ratajkowski
In a March 2025 TikTok video, the model called this 'do with shaggy bangs the "worst haircut of my life."
Gypsy Rose Blanchard
The Gypsy Rose: Life After Lockup star debuted a short bob in March 2025, more than two months after giving birth to her and fiancé Ken Urker's first child, daughter Aurora Urker.
Whitney Rose
The formerly blond Real Housewives of Salt Lake City star debuted a red bob on Watch What Happens Live in January 2025.
Hailey Bieber
The model debuted lighter locks in September 2024, a month after giving birth to her and Justin Bieber's first baby, son Jack Blues Bieber.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star debuted her dramatic transformation at the world premiere of her new horror movie, MAXXXINE, in June 2024. 
"Changing my hair always brings out different sides of my personality and I love playing around," Lily told Vogue. "This cut and color feels bolder and yet somehow lighter. And completely more me—right now."
Katie Holmes
While attending Chanel's Tribeca Film Festival Artists dinner in June 2024, Katie debuted a subtle, yet striking transformation of rich caramel balayage highlights that were blended throughout her brunette tresses.
Kylie Jenner
The Kardashians star debuted a platinum blonde look and a bob haircut after rocking waist-length strands for quite some time.
"Did someone say they missed king kylie," Kylie teased in the caption of her June 8 Instagram post, to which her sister Khloe Kardashian cheekily replied, "I did! I did!!!!!!"
Lisa Rinna
The former Bravo star debuted a platinum blonde look during 2024 Paris Fashion Week Haute Couture.
Priyanka Chopra
The Heads of State star debuted a drastic haircut—a shoulder-grazing bob—while attending a Bulgari event in Rome i May 2024. 
Jessica Biel
In May 2024, the actress chopped her hair into a bob that many fans on social media said reminded them of one of the looks she sported as Mary Camden on the '90s series 7th Heaven.
Megan Fox
The Transformers actress returned to her dark brown tresses and debuted a sassy bob in May 2024, a month after she dyed her hair blue to enter what she dubbed her "Jedi era."
Dannielynn Birkhead
At age 17, the daughter of the late Anna Nicole Smith debuted a new lob hairstyle overnight during 2024 Kentucky Derby weekend, which she attended with dad Larry Birkhead.
Demi Lovato
The singer debuted a lighter, shorter 'do in April 2024.
Kelly Osbourne
The Fashion Police alum debuted a blonde bombshell hair transformation May 8.
Kim Kardashian
Back to blonde: Kim debuted a new platinum 'do in April 2024.
Rihanna
The Fenty Beauty founder debuted a bright blonde hair transformation April 17 while celebrating her latest Fenty x Puma collection in London.
Delilah Belle Hamlin
The model debuted a bleach blonde pixie cut at the FRAME event April 4.
Megan Fox
The Jennifer's Body star traded in her bubblegum pink tresses for a baby blue bob, which she debuted April 2.
Zendaya
Less than a month afer chopping her hair into a long bob, Zendaya debuted a honey blonde transformation at the Challengers premiere March 26.
Elle Fanning
The Great star ushered in spring with a fresh cut, as she debuted a long bob March 25.
Rachel McAdams
The Mean Girls alum swapped out her signature blonde hair for a dark brunette transformation on March 18.
Bre Tiesi
The Selling Sunset star looked completely unrecognizable after debuting a dramatic blonde transformation March 16.
Kelly Osbourne
The Fashion Police alum ditched her signature purple hair after six years, tinting it an icy silver in March 2024. 
Zendaya
The Dune actress debuted a shoulder-grazing bob at Essence's Black Women in Hollywood Awards March 7.
Sydney Sweeney
The Anyone But You star made a showstopping appearance at Miu Miu's fall/winter 2024-2025 show during Paris Fashion Week. For the March 5 event, she unveiled a dramatic long bob haircut.
Zoey Deutch
To prepare for her upcoming role as  Jean Seberg, the 29-year-old debuted a bleached blonde pixie cut.
Anne Hathaway
The Princess Diaries alum unveiled fringe bangs at the 2024 Film Independent Spirit Awards.
Selena Gomez
The star debuted a bangin' new style at the premiere of her friend Nicola Peltz Beckham's film Lola in February 2024.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.