"Baby" now has a special new meaning.
 Baby, baby, baby, oh!

 Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber announced the birth of their first child, Jack Blues Bieber, on Friday night. The pop star, 30, wrote "Welcome home, Jack Blues Bieber" in all caps alongside a photo of a baby's foot poking out from a blanket next to a woman's hand. (Bieber shared the exact same post no less than four times on his Threads account, too.)

 Meanwhile, Hailey Bieber reposted her husband's post to her Instagram story, including a teddy bear emoji, a baby blue heart emoji, and the baby's first and middle name: "Jack Blues."

Gotham/GC Images; Justin Bieber/Instagram
 The singer's mother, Pattie Mallette, celebrated the news on X, writing, "Congratulations, @justinbieber & Hailey. I love you forever, baby Jack!!" Hailey's father, actor Stephen Baldwin, shared Mallette's message on X and added, "Amen 🙏🏽 Congratulations to you and may God continue to bless our family."

 The couple announced Hailey's pregnancy in May, when they both posted pictures and videos from a photo shoot around the time they renewed their vows on Instagram, showing off her baby bump. At that point, the model and influencer was already six months pregnant, reported PEOPLE.

 Since then, Hailey has posted numerous updates displaying her pregnancy progressing, even posing for the cover of W magazine in July with, as she put it, a "little burrito in my belly." In one of her updates, she wrote, "Little cherry blossoms on my nails, little cherry blossom in my belly."

 The Biebers first met as kids in 2009 and confirmed they were dating in 2016. After tying the knot in 2018, Hailey told Vogue Arabia that she couldn't wait to have her own children, though she clarified that because she's married, "that's a closer reality, but definitely not anytime soon," reported PEOPLE.

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 The couple continually debunked pregnancy rumors throughout the course of their marriage. In a 2023 GQ interview, Hailey said the persistent rumors were "disheartening," noting, "Damn, I can't be bloated one time and not be pregnant? It would be a lie if I was like, 'Oh, yeah, I don't give a s---.'"

 She added, "When there comes a day that that is true, you, you as in the internet, will be the last to know."

Raymond Hall/GC Images 
 Later in that same interview, Hailey said eventual motherhood was "something that I look forward to" in the future, but stressed, "It's also such a private, intimate thing. It's something that's going to come when it comes. And it's just, honestly, at the end of the day, so hilarious how much people f---ing care. Let me do what I want to do with my body and you guys can do what you want to do with your body — and let's just let it be that."

 Justin, meanwhile, did not hesitate to express his desire to become a parent. "I am going to have as many [children] as Hailey is wishing to push out," Bieber said during an appearance on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in 2020. "I'd love to have myself a little tribe. But, yeah, it's her body and whatever she wants to do... I think she wants to have a few."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)