File under: Places to bring your BFF, mom, or S.O. for a relaxing weekend away. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
I don't know about you, but I'm exhausted. Like, pretty much always. So when I got an invite to check out Mayflower Inn & Spa, Auberge Resorts Collection—a gorgeous boutique resort in Washington, Connecticut, damn near designed to help chill you out—it was a no-brainer. I was deadset on relaxing like my life depended on it.
After doing some quick Googling, I learned that the historic property—which sits on 58 acres of land in the New England countryside—is pretty popular amongst pregnant people, thanks to the fact that (a) it's so secluded and calming, (b) the aesthetics are *everything*, (c) it's home to one of the popular THE WELL spas (there are only four in the world!), and (d) the food and cocktail/mocktail situation is out of this world. So, I decided to bring along one of my best friends, Taylor, who happens to be pregnant with her second child. (Lol, and I think I'm tired?) A babymoon with the bestie in a spa-and-interior-design-lover's paradise? Sounded like a good idea to me.
Spoiler alert: It was, in fact, one of the best ideas we ever had, and the most rejuvenating weekend. And just a quick, two-hour drive from NYC, no less (who needs planes!). If you'd like to follow suit—or have just been wondering what a stay there might look like—I reviewed the whole thing for you here, below. Sorry not sorry if you've booked a trip before you finish scrolling to the end!!! 
THE QUICK HITS: MAYFLOWER INN EDITION
BOOK A STAY
The closer we got on our drive up to the resort, the more I started thinking that everything looked a little...Stars Hollow-coded (you know, the fictional town where Gilmore Girls is set?). And when we arrived, after oohing and ahhing our way up a long, winding driveway lined with cute gardens and cottages, we learned why. On a post-check-in tour of the property, the (wonderful!) concierge told us that Amy Sherman-Palladino, the creator of Gilmore Girls, was inspired to write the show during a stay at the Mayflower, and based Stars Hollow off of Washington, and the Independence and Dragonfly Inn off of the hotel. 
It was immediately clear to me why Sherman-Palladino was obsessed with the place: it's cozy and old-timey while still being super clean and chic. Everything—from the classic-but-on-trend furniture to the cute Hunter boots lined up at the front door and constantly crackling bonfires on the side lawn—scream New England at its finest. And it felt good to get some fresh air straight to the face. 
Our delight only multiplied when we checked out our suite, which was located on the second floor of the main house. To say it was well-dressed would be an understatement. The art and furniture were fabulous, the wallpaper and window coverings were to die for, and the four-poster bed was one of the comfiest places I've ever rested my head (we took several naps throughout our stay, and have no regrets). It was giving Bridgerton-meets-antique-shop-meets-2024, and I, for one, couldn't get enough. Everything just looked and felt expensive, if you know what I mean. Oh, and how could I forget the fireplace and soaking tub?  
You'll find a tennis court, outdoor pool, teahouse, and several (stunning) gardens on-site, but the amenity that reigns supreme is certainly the aforementioned spa. Each guest gets unlimited access to THE WELL throughout their stay, and I highly recommend you take full advantage if you ever have the chance. 
In addition to plenty of top-of-the-line treatments (I got an hour-long massage that knocked me right out) and classes (including a free one at 10 am every day!), the space has plenty of areas where you can zen out and embrace the tranquility of the countryside. My friend and I spent plenty of time floating in the massive, sunny pool and admiring the hanging plants in the whirlpool room before heading to the large relaxation space, with comfy loungers overlooking the forest, bone broth and hot tea on tap, and books aplenty. It. Was. Bliss. 
I'm not gonna lie, I assumed that a place focused on wellness would have food that tasted a little "meh." But, my goodness, that was not the case. Sure, there were plenty of "damn, that's healthy" options, and the menu was described as "veggie-forward," but everything was so delicious we truly could not have asked for more. 
The main house is home to the two eateries on the property: The Tap Room, a dark and moody bar, and The Garden Room, a light and bright restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We ate in The Garden Room for all but one meal, and when I say I would have annihilated everything on the menu, I mean it. We were hungry, so we did try a lot of the dishes (for research, duh), and highlights included the sourdough French toast and crab cake eggs benedict for breakfast, the deliciously drippy double smashburger for lunch, and the whiskey-smoked oysters, grilled romaine salad, and kale gnudi (with parm and guanciale...yum) for dinner. The Feel the Beet mocktail was also so delish, my friend asked for the recipe before we left so she could try to replicate it back home!
We also enjoyed a private, fireside dining experience in The Library Room (a gorgeous nook filled with old books) for one dinner, and it was truly an experience I'll never forget. The chef asked for all of our likes and dislikes (as well as dietary restrictions), and created a multicourse menu just for us. 
I don't know how he did it, but it truly felt like it was tailor-made for Taylor and I. The pièce de résistance was a massive roast chicken, which I believe could have served a family of eight. There's nothing that solidifies a friendship quite like stuffing your face in the lap of luxury, and we loved every second of it. Any guest can book the experience, and I think it would make for a great grand romantic gesture, just sayin'...
Yes, Mayflower Inn is expensive, but holy sh*t, it is worth every penny. It's not every day that you get to stay somewhere as beautifully curated and luxurious as this place, so I recommend saving it for a special occasion, like an anniversary, babymoon, or long-time-coming mother-daughter getaway. There's something a little bit magic about this place. Take it from me...and, you know, Amy Sherman-Palladino. 
Underrated Summer Travel Spots to Add to Your List
Cabo's Waldorf Astoria Is a Must-Visit in Mexico
I Had the Vibiest Vacay at AREV St. Tropez Hotel
Wanna Know What a Trip to the Masters Is Like? 
Looking to Book a Solo Trip This Year? 
Costa Rica’s Villa Avellana Is Next-Level Luxury
Inside: Cosmo Editor-Approved Hotels and Resorts
Nômade Tulum Was the Escape I Desperately Needed
An Honest Review of the Conrad Los Angeles Hotel
An Honest Review of Grand Hyatt Deer Valley
Only the Best Girls' Trip Destinations in the U.S.
Group Trip? Book This Luxe Vacay Home in Michigan
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.