The former music manager had announced his retirement one day earlier.
Getty Images
 Karma was clearly a relaxing thought for Taylor Swift as she stopped over in Wales for the second leg of her Eras tour. During her three-hour Tuesday show at Principality Stadium, the “Down Bad” singer brought out her signature Eras tour bells and whistles, including two surprise songs that fans immediately linked to Scooter Braun. Swift appeared to shade the former record executive, with whom she’s had a long-running feud, with a pointed mash-up that she just so happened to perform on his birthday.

 Fresh off her headline-making murder mash-up in London, the “So Long, London” singer debuted a new combination of "I Forgot That You Existed" and "This Is Why We Can't Have Nice Things,” which are both about someone who did Swift wrong. However, the Grammy award-winning artist appeared to have the last laugh (literally). Per videos shared of the performance online, Swift could be seen giggling and covering her face with her hand before sarcastically delivering the mic drop line, “And here's to you 'cause forgiveness is a nice thing to do... Hahaha, I can't even say it with a straight face,” from her 2017 song “This Is Why We Can’t Have Nice Things.”

Getty Images
 While the revenge-focused Reputation single is widely believed to be either about her feud with Kanye West or Braun, “I Forgot That You Existed” off of Swift’s Lover album also appeared to have some ties to the ex-music manager. It was the first album she owned the masters for, which is significant as Braun famously acquired Swift’s former label, Big Machine, as well as a majority ownership of Swift’s master recordings. Amidst their public beef, Swift went on to re-record her earlier albums as “Taylor’s Version” releases.

 Swifties on Twitter and TikTok were quick to note the seeming Braun Easter eggs, as well as the timing of the mash-up, with one fan writing, "I aspire to be her level of petty."

Getty Images
 Not only did the performance fall on Braun’s birthday, but it also came shortly after he announced he was retiring from music management after 23 years on Instagram just one day before. The industry mogul previously managed stars like Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande, and Demi Lovato. Based on Swift’s latest performance, it looks like the announcement was “better than revenge.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)