Dan Hatfield is a man on a mission. As the resident money-making expert on This Morning his practical, no-nonsense advice has made him a favourite among viewers, especially in what, for many, are financially uncertain times.
 But Dan, who has just released a new book, Money Maker, available here on Amazon for £15.63 - a distillation of a quarter of a century of knowledge about how to save and make cash - is focused on taking his small-screen expertise, and using it to tackle a bigger picture.
“I want to help people transform themselves from financially surviving to financially thriving. I want to make a difference,” explained Dan simply.
“I constantly get emails from people asking for my advice - and I think we're going to have another rough 12 to 18 months ahead of us as a country. I can’t sit by and not do something.”
He admitted, however, that the issue of debt is ‘complicated’. “People are worried. Worried about paying mortgages, about the constant shock around how much everything is, worried about making food choices based on their income.
“But there are ways we can tackle the situation. The first is to save money and the second is to make it. I think people are at the end of their tether saving-wise so we have to take it upon ourselves to grab the bull by the horns, look at the world around us and get those extra pounds in.”
 A third generation pawn-broker, 41-year-old Dan is a big advocate of people becoming their own ‘bubble entrepreneur’. “We can all get overwhelmed by the macro, by the big sense of how to earn money but we need to look at the world around us first.
 “Look at the things you own, the skills you have, the hobbies you enjoy, the potential side-hustles you can identify - and monetise them. It's thinking small to earn big.”
A native of Sheffield, Dan, who shares homes in London and the Peak District with his TV executive producer husband, Joff Powell, reckons that as a nation we have around £3, 000 worth of items in our houses that could be converted into cash.
And while clothes, tech and furniture might be obvious products to sell to earn extra pennies there are less obvious ones too - like toilet roll innards. “There’s a demand for them by people who use them in craft. You can sell them on eBay.”
Dan is also a huge advocate of renting out our possessions. From driveways to laptops, bikes and even garden equipment, he is passionate about highlighting the benefits of charging others for temporary use of our belongings.
 “You have worked to buy goods - why not make them work for you? A wedding dress, for instance, can bring in anything from £50 to £200 a day. Your drive might make you £200 a month.
“The days of a fast, disposable society are on the wane and renting goods plays into that.”
 Dan’s quest to kick-start a financial revolution may well have its basis in his own childhood.
 Growing up, his family wasn’t wealthy and his mum would do ‘anything and everything’ to make ends meet, he recalled.
“I remember her hosting Tupperware parties and then she worked for Avon. I was eight or nine years old and my mum would get me up at the crack of dawn to go to the car boot sales. We’d come back having de-cluttered the house but most importantly we’d earned a fistful of pounds.”
He went to work in the family business, but a phone-call a decade or so ago changed everything, when he was approached to take part in Channel 4's Posh Pawnbrokers. That led to ITV's Million Pound Pawn and from there the coveted This Morning sofa.
 It could have all been very different, though. “I was going to cancel taking part in Posh Pawnbrokers. I couldn’t face it. But I got my weeks wrong so the camera crew turned up. If I wasn't so disorganised I wouldn’t be here now, I wouldn’t have written a book and I wouldn’t be married - I met my husband through my work on tv .”
Alongside his successful TV career, Dan is still involved in the family business - and it’s a job, he says, where you never know what each day brings. He has been offered a cast of what purported to be Justin Bieber’s penis, as well as Faberge eggs and even, bizarrely, a sample of the bath water in which Whitney Huston lost her life.
 “I even had someone who told me they'd got George Washington’s false teeth,” he laughed.
 It’s his role on This Morning though where he knows he can make a big difference and is relishing working alongside new presenters, Cat Deeley and Ben Shephard.
 “I think they are going to breathe a breath of fresh air into the programme. We have the nicest people in TV at the helm,” he smiled.
For now, though, he’s focused on helping the nation understand the value of what they have and helping them convert it into cash - and he was one big piece of advice.
“Make the time to make money, because we've all got it within us. There are too many dark clouds around for us to simply dwell on them. We’ve just got to get out there and crack on.”
 He shared his top hints and tips for both saving - and making - cash.
“One man’s trash is another man’s treasure,” said Dan. “That goes from items kept in the attic right down to stuff you might think is rubbish like broken electricals. I recently saw a collection of 100 wine corks sell for £200.”
 Toilet and kitchen roll cores can sell for 7p–8p each while even if egg cartons have value - around £10 for 20. “Researching prices before you put anything up for sale is vital so turn detective.”
 This applies whether you’re buying or selling. 
 “On average we each lose about £500 a year by accepting the first price offered. That’s because we’re British and we don’t like bartering but it can work on anything from a mobile phone contract right through to when you're selling your stuff on eBay and Amazon. 
“eBay isn’t the be-all and end-all. You could get one hundred per cent more by using different selling platforms - you just need to work out where the best place is to sell and gear your items to a market or audience that are most susceptible.”
“I believe that in the next few years renting out your items will be as common as selling your items. We're moving more towards a circular society where we are repurposing and reusing.”
 Top products which you could consider renting out include laptops, garden equipment, tools and clothes - 350,000 tonnes of unwanted clothing goes to landfill each year. Dan reckons Brits could earn up to £4,000 per month simply by renting out household items.
There are 11.6m million garages in the UK, half of which don't house cars. “Use that garage to rent out as storage - you could bring in an average of £2200 a year.”
Similarly consider renting out a spare room or even your driveway.
“Almost 50 per cent of the population will be undertaking a side hustle by 2025 and that, Brits could earn up to £10,000 a year in additional income,” explained Dan.
 Baking and pet sitting are popular but Dan also advises looking at becoming a mystery shopper, taking part in a focus group or even becoming a tv extra. 
Money Maker, unlock your money making potential by Dan Hatfield is available now at Amazon and all good bookshops