A shocking video of P Diddy and a young teen child star has resurfaced as the star awaits his trial for charges of racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution.
The rapper, whose real name is Sean Combs, is seen in the clip laughing with the 13-year-old at the MTV Movie Awards in 2003. Diddy had approached Daveigh Chase just moments after he presented her with the Best Villain award for her performance on horror film, The Ring.
In the clip, the Bad Boy Records founder, 54, approaches the youngster with a drink in his hand while wearing a beige suit. He goes on to ask about an after party that had been organised by MTV. With the drink raised, Diddy says: "Are you coming to the after party tonight?," before letting out a cackle.
A shy-looking Daveigh nods at him before Diddy shouts "yeah" in response and walks away. It's not known if she did actually attend the event.
The video is the latest to resurface of his behaviour with younger stars since his arrest. He has denied all charges made against him.
Other clips feature Justin Bieber. In one fans were left concerned after they spotted what appeared to be a worrying moment between the pair. The video of Bieber and Diddy features the duo sharing a hug. However, some social media users have claimed Justin appeared to be being checked for a wire. The footage is believed to have been filmed back in 2021 and shows Diddy patting Justin on the back and chest several times.
A user shared the clip of X, formerly known as Twitter, and said : "Diddy appears to be checking Justin Bieber to see if he is wearing a wire in this video." Many other users agreed with the claim and another suggested: "He checking that man out for a wire bro."
Other clips of the pair to have resurfaced include Diddy making a "promise" to a then-15-year-old Justin. In the clip, Diddy told the camera: "He's having forty-eight hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose, but it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream." Discussing how he was acting as a mentor to the teen, Diddy added: "I have been given custody of him.
"He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album. I don't have legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next forty-eight hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy."
Diddy's links with younger stars have previously been criticised, with many thinking there should be more protection for young stars entering the industry. Justin himself once described his struggles as "bad... it was dark".
He told Zane Lowe for Apple Music in 2020: "Think about how young I was and so impressionable and you have everybody telling me how awesome I am at all times."
He added: "It was hard for me being the music industry and being that young and not knowing where to turn and everyone, you know, telling me they loved me, and, you know, just turn your back on you in a second."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.