Given that Justin Bieber's style is typically only most remarkable when the singer simultaneously wears two pairs of Balenciaga sweatpants, that his pre-fatherhood dadcore steeze is going so hard deserves mention.
Yes, it must be said that Justin was actually kinda dressin' while out in late June with a pregnant Hailey Bieber.
Wearing a giant grey beanie, a boxy shirt, giant tech-y sunglasses straight outta the '90s, baggy jeans and black leather clogs, Justin looked darn cool and actually complemented Hailey's stylishly simple black dress.
I said it once and I'll say it again: this is top-tier Bieber style.
It wasn't that long ago that we were marveling at the stark difference in the couple's style. Like, remember when Hailey was all dressed up in a smart red look for a Rhode launch while Justin achieved maximum slouch in a grey sweat set?
Not his finest fashion outing though, obviously, not like Justin cares much about what others have to say about his wardrobe.
But with beauty brand maven Hailey in hip maternity mode, Justin has upgraded his drip from proudly frumpish to genuinely cool dad in the span mere months.
Justin has worn made huge jeans his signature for a while, sure, but this is a fresh take. His wide, cropped shirt balancing the flowing denim below — these aren't even Justin's giant-est jeans, you know, a sign that he's possibly reigning in his go-to silhouette.
That Bieber is even rocking proper leather shoes instead of his typical giant sneakers is a sign that something's in the water.
Indeed, Bieber's pre-fatherhood era has been demarcated by easy clogs and little loafers — possibly a sneak peek of his in-development footwear brand? —  which feel like a microcosmic reflection of his maturing wardrobe, which has recently expanded to even include properly grandpa-core polo shirts and chino pants.
Justin's out-there inclinations are still reflected in the XXXXL beanies and sporty sunglasses but the dad-to-be is actually kinda dressing like one. And looking surprisingly stylish as a result.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.