By JAMES VITUSCKA AND RUSS WEAKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:01, 9 September 2024   |  Updated:  22:06, 9 September 2024   
 37
View  comments
Selena Gomez opened up about being unable to carry a child after being bombarded with ‘hurtful’ messages in the wake of her ex, Justin Bieber, announcing he was going to be a father, insiders claim.
The former Disney star, 32, revealed ‘medical issues’ could jeopardize both her life and her child’s should she fall pregnant, in a vulnerable new interview with Vanity Fair.
Selena, who is dating record producer Benny Blanco, 36, has grown tired of the constant speculation over whether she is pregnant and the relentless narrative that she was angry and upset after Justin, 30, announced he was expecting his first child with his wife Hailey, 27.
She reportedly broke her silence in a desperate bid to ‘clear the air’ and put a stop to people drawing ‘parallels’ between her life and Justin’s.
‘Selena was so tired of people still trying to draw parallels between her life and her ex-Justin’s life with Hailey which went way overboard after they announced that they were expecting a baby,’ an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively.
Selena Gomez revealed ‘medical issues’ could jeopardize both her life and her child’s should she fall pregnant, in a vulnerable new interview with Vanity Fair
Selena, 32, opened up after being bombarded with ‘hurtful’ messages calling for her to get pregnant in the wake of her ex, Justin Bieber, becoming a father, insiders told DailyMail.com 
‘Suddenly there was all this pressure on Selena to have a baby and to get married. She has found the love of her life in Benny. But every time Selena had an extra cheeseburger people were speculating that she is pregnant.’
Selena limited her Instagram comments to only the accounts she follows just days before Justin and Hailey revealed their pregnancy news in May.
The couple posted a series of black and white snaps showing them sharing kisses and cradling Hailey’s growing bump via Instagram, not long after renewing their vows in Hawaii.
Soon after, comments popped up claiming Selena was 'somewhere crying' and 'gonna lose it' at the news.
Another person added on X: 'Congrats Selena Gomez for being the main character in Justin and Hailey's marriage and pregnancy announcement.' 
Others have made nasty comments about her appearance, joking that she is '65 weeks pregnant.' 
‘Selena had to shut her comments off because every other comment would have been “Selena needs to get pregnant,”' the source said. 'It gets hurtful because she is unable to carry a child.
‘Speaking to Vanity Fair was her way of just clearing the air.’
Benny, 36, has been Selena's rock throughout, and the pair, who are reportedly engaged, have discussed children, but plan to marry before they start a family
'I unfortunately have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy,' she told Vanity Fair (pictured with her Goddaughter Aubriella)
Selena and Justin dated on and off for eight years from 2010 until 2018, with fans of the teenage sweethearts, known as 'Jelena,' struggling to accept the outcome when they split for the final time, just six months before he married Hailey.
A second source added that Benny has been Selena's rock and that the pair, who are reportedly engaged, have discussed children, but plan to marry before they start a family.
'Benny has been everything to Selena,' they said. 'He is more than a rock. He doesn't judge and he tries to find the answer to any concerns or problems she has. 
'Selena and Benny will marry and have kids somehow and she knows that he will be the best father because of the way he takes care of her.'
In a candid cover interview with Vanity Fair, Selena divulged how she had to ‘grieve’ after being told she would not be able to carry a child.
‘I haven’t ever said this, but I unfortunately can’t carry my own children,’ she told the publication. ‘I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy. That was something I had to grieve for a while.’
She said she is ‘in a much better place’ now and is exploring the possibility of surrogacy or adoption.
‘It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it,’ she continued. ‘I thought it would happen the way it happens for everyone. [But] I’m in a much better place with that.
‘I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me.
The Only Murders in the Building star had previously stressed her firm desire to be a mother at age 35 even before dating her current partner, music producer Benny (pictured)
Justin, 30, and Hailey, 27, posted a series of black and white snaps showing them sharing kisses as they announced their pregnancy news back in May
‘It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people.
She finished: ‘I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different. At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.’
The Only Murders in the Building star has been open about her health conditions over the years, first divulging her lupus diagnosis in 2013, before revealing two years later that she underwent chemotherapy to treat the chronic autoimmune illness.
In 2017 she told fans via Instagram that she had undergone a kidney transplant and shared a photo of herself and close friend Francia Raísa, who donated the organ.
She has also struggled with her mental health, suffering a breakdown in 2018, and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Benny has been championing her since they first started dating in June 2023, with the producer claiming Selena 'inspires' him earlier this year.
'I’m so proud of u bb,' he added on a picture she posted from a the Rare Beauty Mental Health Summit in May.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group