Rapper and singer Sean Kingston and his mother committed more than a million dollars in fraud in recent months, stealing money, jewellery, a Cadillac Escalade and furniture, documents released on Friday allege.
Kingston, 34, and his mother, Janice Turner, 61, have been charged with conducting an organised scheme to defraud, grand theft, identity theft and related crimes, according to arrest warrants released by the Broward County Sheriff’s Office.
The two were arrested on Thursday after a SWAT team raided Kingston’s rented mansion in suburban Fort Lauderdale. Turner was arrested in the raid, while Kingston was arrested at Fort Irwin, an army training base in California’s Mojave Desert where he was performing.
Kingston, who had a number one hit with Beautiful Girls in 2007 and performed with Justin Bieber on the song Eenie Meenie, is being held at a California jail awaiting his return to Florida.
Robert Rosenblatt, lawyer for the Jamaican-American performer and his mother, said on Friday that Kingston would return voluntarily if allowed, “which would save the state the expense of extradition and the costs of travel for the detectives and Sean”.
His mother was being held on Friday at the Broward County jail on a 160,000-dollar (£125,500) bond.
“We look forward to addressing these (charges) in court and are confident of a successful resolution for Sean and his mother,” Mr Rosenblatt said.
Specific details of Kingston’s and Turner’s alleged crimes are not included in the warrants, but the documents say that from October to March they stole almost 500,000 dollars (£392,420) in jewellery, more than 200,000 dollars (£156,968) from Bank of America, 160,000 dollars (£125,570) from the Escalade dealer, more than 100,000 dollars (£78,484) from First Republic Bank, 86,000 dollars (£67,496) from the maker of customised beds, and other smaller amounts.
Kingston, whose legal name is Kisean Anderson, was already on two years’ probation for trafficking stolen property. Further information on that conviction could not be found.
According to federal court records, his mother pleaded guilty in 2006 to bank fraud for stealing more than 160,000 dollars and served nearly a year and a half in prison.
The two have also been sued.
In 2015, a seller of customised watches successfully sued Kingston and his mother in a New York City federal court for 356,000 dollars (£279,403) after they failed to pay.
In 2018, a New York jeweller successfully sued the two for 301,000 dollars (£236,236) after they scammed the store out of nine items.
More recently, a Florida entertainment systems company sued Kingston in February, saying he failed to pay 120,000 dollars of a 150,000-dollar bill for a five-meter wide television it installed in his home.
He allegedly told the owners that if they gave him a low down payment and credit, he and Bieber would make commercials for them. That never happened, and Kingston never paid, the lawsuit says.
The company’s lawyer says Bieber had no involvement — Kingston was falsely using his name.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.