Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
Jami Ganz | New York Daily News
Hailey Bieber is sharing a peek at her pregnancy journey just days after she and husband Justin announced they’ll soon be a family of three.
The 27-year-old model on Thursday posted a carousel to give her 52 million followers a look at “the past few weeks.”
Included in the carousel — which boasts over 4.4 million likes — are snaps of Bieber in a pink sparkly crop top in the shape of a butterfly, highlighting the belly. She also shared a low-angle of herself sipping iced coffee with a white tee rolled up and her bump on full display.
See Hailey Bieber’s post
Bieber also broadcast her pregnancy cravings to followers in her Instagram story.
Related Articles


			Ruth Buzzi dies at 88; actor co-starred in groundbreaking sketch comedy ‘Laugh-In’		




			East Bay director shot by Alec Baldwin disses actor’s reality TV show		




			50 years later, Kiss legend Gene Simmons reflects on ‘Rock and Roll All Nite’		




			Hugh Jackman ripped for Blake Lively support amid Sutton Foster drama		




			Who is Jeff Sperbeck? NFL agent who fell from golf cart driven by John Elway had Bay Area ties		

“Currently my biggest craving,” said the Rhode beauty brand founder, who according to sources is just over six months along and due later this summer. “Egg salad on top of a pickle with hot sauce and no, you’re not allowed to judge!!”
News of the Biebers’ growing family came in another Instagram carousel last Thursday, with footage and snaps of the pop star, 30, and Hailey — who wed in 2018 and again the following year — renewing their vows in Hawaii as she donned a lacy white gown, fitted to her bump.
While the sex of the baby — the first child for both stars — has not yet been publicized, the parents-to-be already “have a name that they think is perfect,” an insider told People.
The news is a happy turn for the couple, whose relationship was the subject of speculation earlier this year — dismissed by Hailey — after Hailey’s dad, Stephen Baldwin, asked for prayers for the couple.
©2024 New York Daily News. Visit nydailynews.com. Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group