In a fast-paced, salacious industry, these people found the willpower to restrain. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	There are several preconceived notions about the entertainment industry: everyone is making a lot of money, everyone is happy, and everyone is having an exorbitant amount of sex. However, recent times have shown that the sex assumption isn’t true and, for many people, is a purposeful decision.

NLE Choppa has been one of the most vocal celebrities when it comes to being celibate. For the last few years, he has tweeted about his journey to overall health and constantly highlighted how not having sex is a large part of it. “I would say I’m celibate. I’m not giving my energy to everybody, like, you feel me,” he said during a recent appearance on The Zach Sang Show.

	The Memphis rapper went into an elaborate description of the benefits of semen retention and how he goes about it. “I whack the willy, but I don’t cum though. I semen retent, so like before I cum I pull it back,” he said. To those who are driven by their ravenous sexual desires, this may sound crazy. However, according to Choppa, it is both possible and a good thing for men. The ladies have something to say on the matter, too.

	Check out this list of stars who have shared how celibacy and abstinence have improved their lives.

	Redman is the latest star to open up about his time being celibate, saying his two-year celibacy journey has been “the best thing” he could’ve done for himself.

	“My girl and I broke up maybe three, four years ago. I was going through such a sh*t divorce that played a role in why it took so long to drop Muddy Waters [Too]. I had so much on my plate,” he shared.  “I actually fasted for two and a half years—no f**king, no smoking. It was the best thing I could have done in my life,” he expressed. “It cleared out so much distraction. My reception is much clearer now. Having no sex is nothing to me now because it was all feeding the flesh.”

	Mýa revealed that she practiced abstinence for seven years during a July 2024 interview on Way Up With Angela Yee. “Just doing without, it shifted my mindset,” she said. “It was no longer a focus. The rush to be in a relationship, the rush to be married, the rush to… have kids or procreate… I have to start with self [love] always, versus expecting from other sources.”

	She also featured like it was necessary given the fact she was viewed as a sex symbol throughout her career. “There’s a lot of things that are said about you and you ingest all of that… at an early age,” she added. “And then the aesthetic you may come with is totally opposite of who you actually really are, and it intersects in your life when you’re trying to date or maybe taking photos with other celebrities, and so it can get very tricky. But I think a lot of things that are sacred should just remain private, for me until, of course, I’m solid, and I’m ready and the foundation of us is together, and even then it’s a risk.”

	Lenny Kravitz’s celibacy journey could be likened to that of a distance runner, as he went nine years without sex after his last serious relationship. “It’s a spiritual thing,” he told The Guardian this past May. For him, it was all about patiently waiting to find someone who could fit his lifestyle since healthy relationships incorporate a lot more than sex. “I have become very set in my ways, in the way I live.” 

	He spoke in that same interview about previously being a player and wanting to practice discipline, so this aligned seamlessly with that journey. “Not letting my own desires take over,” he said. 

	It might sound crazy, but even married couples need time away from the sexual benefits of their unions. In March 2022, Kourtney Kardashian revealed that she and her husband Travis Barker participated in an Ayurvedic cleanse. What does that mean? Using herbs and supplements plus purging vices and bloodletting as part of a detox. The couple incorporated an abstention from sex into the mix as well.

	“Oh, my God, it was crazy,” she told Bustle. “But it actually made everything better. Like, if you can’t have caffeine, when you have your first matcha, it’s so good.” Absence makes the heart grow fonder, the matcha taste better, and the sex be steamier. Nice. 

	Tiffany Haddish has humorously shared many of her previous dating experiences, and her divulging of her commitment to celibacy was no different. “Does kissing count?” she asked on Jay Shetty’s podcast in May 2024, sharing that she had been celibate since October 2023.

	“I’m not being penetrated, that’s for sure. No penetration… I just feel like, dang, I am the prize and these dudes gotta qualify. When I think about my track record of like who I lay down with it, it takes like a year or so for me to even warm up… I’ll go on free dinner dates, I mean, not free dinner dates, but like, yeah, it’s free for me. But it do cost me money to get, you know, cute and stuff and the gas in the car.”

	Haddish eventually got serious and spoke about wanting to preserve how much of herself she gave away. “I think when you lay down with somebody, you are sharing your soul,” she said. “You are sharing a piece of yourself, you’re giving a little piece of yourself up. I only got so much soul left and I don’t wanna necessarily just give it over to anybody.”

	GloRilla took the common “New Year, New Me” mantra to a new level by declaring that she was abstinent. However, she quickly realized it wasn’t all that easy. “Started my 90 day celibacy lil sh*t for new year’s or wtv,” she wrote. “I’m on da 9th day & my vision blurry af !!!!! Send help.”

	Her renewed focus must have kicked in over time, because the Memphis rapper is one of the hottest Hip-Hop acts with tracks like “Yeah Glo!,” “TGIF,” and “Wanna Be” among the crop of popular records in 2024. Stay strong, Big Glo.
Started my 90 day celibacy lil shit for new year’s or wtv, I’m on da 9th day & my vision blurry af !!!!! Send help?

	Amber Rose’s celibacy journey hasn’t been due to a lack of partners or even necessity; rather, she claims that it is “so accessible” that it isn’t enticing and she actually dislikes it. “I, like, don’t have sex,” she said during an appearance on High Low with EmRata. “I hate sex.” The self-identifying bisexual influencer also claimed that avoiding sex helps her to stay away from toxic people. Who can argue with that? 

	Hear him out! In October 2021, Nick Cannon challenged himself to stay celibate on an episode of Drink Champs after having his seventh child that year. “I’m going to see if I could make it to 2022,” he said. Angela Yee joined his talk show months later and he went a bit deeper. 

	“My therapist was one of the [people] who said that I should probably be celibate because I had shared that news, that Bre was pregnant,” he said. “That was the reason why I started my celibacy journey back then… I was [celibate] because I was dealing with [this].”

	That journey obviously didn’t last too long, but the choice made sense given the fact he had a seventh child to help nurture. And hey, he’s been doing a good job as a father even as the number has climbed into the teens. 

	NFL star Russell Wilson has worn his Christian faith on his sleeve throughout his entire life and Ciara willingly joined him in committing to celibacy before they got married in 2016. 

	“I asked her, ‘What would you do if we took all that other stuff off the table and did it Jesus’ way, no sex?’” he said during an interview at The Rock Church in July 2015. “I knew God had brought me into her life to bless her and for her to bless me and to bless so many people with the impact that she has and I have. We’re not going to be perfect, by any means.”

	They got married a year later and now have three children together. Ciara had a rough romantic history, having dated Future before this, and has now become the model for a healthy marriage and renewed life. Summer Walker even titled a song “Ciara’s Prayer” on her 2021 album Still Not Over It. 

	50 Cent has been one of the busiest people in America in 2024; between launching the final season of Power, opening G-Unit Studios, and trolling Diddy, and several other celebrities, it is almost difficult to imagine him having time for intimacy. And based on what he said earlier this year, perhaps all of this free time was due to his self-imposed restriction from sex.

	“My new idea is so big, I don’t have time to be distracted I’m practicing abstinence,” he wrote on Instagram. “I have been meditating and focusing on my goals. I hope this New Year helps you excel to the next level.” Much like the “In Da Club” rapper, sometimes, to lock in, you have to lock out. 

	Terry Crews’ crippling addiction to pornography almost ruined his marriage, but a 90-day sex fast brought the spark back that he and his wife needed as she almost left him. “People were like, ‘Whoa, that’s crazy!'” he told Entertainment Tonight in 2022. “But let me tell you something […] what was so beautiful about that, was it took me to a time when I was 12 years old and I liked a girl and I didn’t know anything about sex. But all I did was give her a flower and say, ‘I like you for who you are.’ […] And it wasn’t about sex.”

	He said that he felt like he was 12 years old again and all he cared about was simply loving a girl. “I couldn’t believe it,” he said. “It was the best. At first, I was like, ‘Oh, my God, this is gonna be horrible.’ It was the best thing that we had ever done.”

	Justin Bieber rekindled things with Hailey Baldwin several years ago, and he wanted to make sure he put his best foot forward and had a strong sense of self in reentering the relationship. That came via a self-imposed period of celibacy.

	“Sometimes people have sex because they don’t feel good enough,” he told Vogue. “Because they lack self-worth. Women do that, and guys do that. I wanted to rededicate myself to God in that way because I really felt it was better for the condition of my soul.” The couple chose to be celibate until they married, which paid dividends in their now thriving union. 

	For Yvonne Orji, celibacy wasn’t anything spiritual or that felt necessary; it was a matter of proving someone wrong or, rather, proving herself right. She met a medical student in college who she said was beautiful and revealed that she was abstinent because she wanted to honor God. 

	For her, she took that as an opportunity to compete. “And I’m real competitive,” she said. “I have three older brothers — I don’t know why that was the thing I was competitive about. But I was like, ‘She can do it. I can do it.'” However, outside of that, she simply wanted to make God proud, per a conversation with People. And she knows that whatever man is lucky enough to land her and get her to set celibacy aside will benefit from it.

	“Let me tell you right now,” she told Essence. “Pray for him, whoever he is; ya’ll need to pray for him because there’s a lot of pent-up energy up in here.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.