The pic came a month after Hailey wished her hubby a happy 30th birthday.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Hailey Bieber gave Beliebers a brief glimpse into her domestic life with husband Justin Bieber on Wednesday (April 3) when the Rhode skincare founder posted a private pic of the singer on her Instagram Story.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Hailey Bieber		
					






















	
		
					Justin Bieber		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	According to E! News, in the snap, JB, 30, is seen laying shirtless in bed while snuggling with a small white dog; Hailey’s post also featured a second pic of the dog sitting on the law looking into the sun.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Last month, Hailey celebrated the “love of my life” in a 30th birthday post for Justin in a post that featured some sweet moments from the couple’s relationship. “30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!!,” she wrote alongside a series of pics and videos of the duo kissing, smiling and cuddling up to each other. “That was fast. words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Bieber has been keeping a low profile of late since announcing in June 2022 that he was diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt syndrome, which left half of his face paralyzed. The singer subsequently cancelled his Justice World tour and has not performed a full concert or given a substantial update on his condition in months.

	Bieber did make a surprise return to the stage in February when he played a set of hits and favorites in Toronto during a concert at Drake’s 2,500-capacity downtown club History as part of the 2024 NHL all-star game festivities; Bieber was one of the honorary celeb co-captains of the weekend’s events along with Will Arnett, Michael Bublé and Tate McRae.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.