Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Hailey and Justin Bieber shared the sweetest news – that they've welcomed their little bundle of joy. The proud new parents dropped the adorable announcement on Instagram, with Justin's account giving us a peek at their baby boy's tiny foot. 
 Celebs are flooding the pair with love and congratulations, like Kylie Jenner Kardashian who's totally smitten, commenting: "I can't handle this little foot." She also shared her excitement at the newborn's name, with: "JACK BLUES." Katy Perry celebrated the couple's joyous moment with her best wishes, saying: "Your blessing has arrived."
The name Jack comes from Justin's father, Jeremy Bieber, whose middle name is Jack. Although Jeremy separated from Justin's mother, Pattie Mallette, when they were both 18 and he didn't have much contact when growing up, the pair have since made up , leading to the sentimental naming of his son after his father.
Sign up to OK!'s daily newsletter to get updates sent to your inbox for free
In a quirky twist, it's not known where the name Blues comes from. Baby naming site thebump.com doesn't list Blues as a potential moniker, however it does list the name Blue, explaining: "Help baby live their life in color with the name Blue. This gender-neutral name has German and Old English roots, connecting baby to the iconic color. While this color and word can be linked to sadness, there’s no reason to let this name give you the blues. The color blue symbolizes many things, including peace, wisdom, and sensitivity. If you want to always remind your little one that their only limit is the bright blue sky and the dee blue sea, the name Blue makes for a lovely choice."
Hailey, born into the Baldwin acting dynasty, and Justin, who shot to fame as a teenage pop sensation with earworms like Baby and Love Me, got hitched in a hush-hush New York ceremony back in 2018.
They first teased fans with news of their growing family through heartwarming snaps and clips from what seemed like a vow renewal photoshoot, where Hailey was an absolute vision showing off her bump in a stunning white lace gown amidst a dreamy field backdrop.