“If you are in search of a track as gloriously sun-soaked as the day we are currently experiencing, rising artist SHAB has just the thing for you.” - Wonderland
“SHAB is building her own path in the music industry… each step is an inspiration for her and also for each of her followers” - Marie Claire
“SHAB is undoubtedly on her way to establishing herself as a prominent name in the music industry.” - Daily Express
Ahead of the release of her highly anticipated sophomore album, global pop sensation SHAB proudly announces the release of her next single, ‘Swerve’, set to drop on the 27th of September. This is the second release from her upcoming 21-track album ‘One Suitcase’, a powerful narrative of her journey from escaping radical fundamentalism in Iran to forging a new life in America, exploring profound themes of love, resilience, and self-discovery. A young girl, she arrived in New York City completely alone, the last of her 13 brothers and sisters to escape Iran, not knowing any English and holding a single suitcase. SHAB’s story is rising from unimaginable hardship to global stardom.
‘Swerve’ delves into the excitement of a new romantic relationship, turning the initial uncertainties into a playful game for two. The song’s infectious heavy club beat makes it an instant dance-floor filler, compelling listeners to move. Its dark, edgy, and alluring vibe is meticulously crafted to captivate and enthral, creating an atmosphere that’s both thrilling and intimate. Co-composed by Damon Sharpe (Jennifer Lopez, Ariana Grande, Kylie Minogue), SHAB, and JHart (Justin Bieber, Kygo, Sabrina Carpenter), ‘Swerve’ draws you into a world where romance and rhythm intertwine seamlessly.
A rising star across three continents, SHAB’s sophomore double album ‘ONE SUITCASE’ is a volume that stands as a profound reflection of her incredible personal journey. A refugee from the authoritarian regime in Iran, SHAB arrived alone as a young teenager in New York, speaking only Farsi and German and carrying all of her worldly possessions in a single hand-carried suitcase. She learned English while in secondary school while working three different jobs, but not only graduated from university but also briefly attended law school before leaving to pursue writing and performing music full-time. SHAB since has become a leading entertainment industry voice for women’s rights in Iran and in bold defiance of what she has labelled ‘the gangster regime’ in Teheran.
As radiant and alluring as ever, ‘Swerve’ follows SHAB’s July issue of ‘Afterglow’, the first release from ‘ONE SUITCASE’ and a sun-soaked contemplation on love, celebrating romance and sensuousness in all its glory. Also composed by Damon Sharpe, SHAB, and JHart, her beautiful, soft melodies confess her everlasting love and passion while featuring funky basslines and infectious rhythms.
The year 2023 was a landmark year for SHAB, cementing her status as a formidable force in pop. Her collaboration with the legendary hip-hop artist Fat Joe on the hit single ‘VooDoo’ became a sensation, breaking into the Top 40 on both the Rhythmic and Pop Music charts. The track, a brilliant blend of SHAB’s debut single ‘Spell on Me’ and Fat Joe’s iconic ‘Lean Back, became the most Shazamed song on Apple Music during the weeks after its release. This achievement was preceded by the release of her Latin-flavoured single ‘Dolce Vita’ as well as her superpower-charged anthem to individual female empowerment, ‘Indestructible’, both of which rapidly gained currency on the European club scene. With ‘Afterglow’, SHAB is set to continue this streak, making 2024 the year.
SHAB first gained attention in the Western Hemisphere in late 2020, when her earliest releases earned her the label of “breakout star of the global pandemic.” During the lockdown, SHAB scored an impressive five consecutive #2 rankings on the Music Week British Commercial Pop Charts. SHAB’s debut album, ‘Infinite Love’, received immediate critical acclaim, with critics describing her unique electronic dance sound as “energising global pop that is both effortless and memorable.”
These remarkable achievements—combined with over 25 million YouTube views, 13 million Spotify streams and a rapidly growing global fanbase—attest to her talent and skill to consistently create chart-topping hits. She has seen recent feature coverage in Wonderland, Daily Mirror, Daily Express, The Independent, Big Issue, HotPress, and METAL Magazine and on the covers of FHM & Marie Claire.
SHAB has also shone brightly on the live stage, beginning with her first international performances during 2022 on a 25-date European tour. She followed this trek during 2023 with her first-ever arena tour, opening for JLS on an 18-date tour of Ireland & Britain, including two sold-out dates at The O2 in London.
With ‘ONE SUITCASE’, SHAB is not only continuing her meteoric rise but also using her platform to inspire and uplift.
‘Swerve’ - 27th September
For more information, images or to request an interview contact Cat at Fifth Element
PR on Tel: 07976 758491 or email: [email protected]

        
            September 26, 2024 4:40am ET
            by Fifth Element PR   

            
            
            	
fifth, element, pr

	                              Shortlink to this content: https://bit.ly/3U21Q5b


Profile


Press Releases