"You just gotta be more selfish and get things right for urself. It’s not always a bad thing"
Jackson Wang has publicly reached out to GOT7 bandmate BamBam with words of advice amid concerns surrounding the latter’s mental health.
Over the span of the past few months, GOT7’s BamBam has been sharing cryptic posts and updates that fans believe indicate a decline in his mental health. He first expressed his current state in an Instagram Story in late July, where he told fans he “just want[s] to sleep and don’t wake up so I can finally rest”, according to Koreaboo.
BamBam has since received an outpour of encouraging messages from fans, family and fellow celebrities alike. After he posted a YouTube video of Justin Bieber’s ‘Changes’ to his X on October 1, his GOT7 bandmate Jackson Wang replied to the post with encouragement and words of advice for the 27-year-old singer.
“People closely around us, specially the industry. The only thing they care about is living their life like you are living urs. Different intentions. It’s facts, it’s reality. We all go through it, just different aspects” he wrote. “Don’t take it negatively, sometimes [we] just gotta be more selfish and get things right for urself. It’s not always a bad thing. We all have choices. Make them bam.”
Wang concluded his message to BamBam by telling him to “be at a place where you get appreciation” and to not “forget who u r”, before reassuring him that he “love[s] you for who u r”.
People closely around us specially the industry.The only thing they care about is living their life like you are living urs.Different intentions.It’s facts, it’s reality.
We all go through it, just different aspects. 
Dont take it negatively, Sometimes just gotta be more…
— Jackson Wang (@JacksonWang852) October 1, 2024
Wang followed-up he message with words of reassurance. “One more thing, bam❤️ Ur audience love u, U da reason. Not anything else, Not the people , team, label, partners, or anyone else,” the GOT7 rapper added.
One more thing, bam❤️Ur audience love u,U da reason.Not anything else,Not the people , team, label, partners, or anyone else.
— Jackson Wang (@JacksonWang852) October 1, 2024
BamBam has been sharing more about hsi personal life both online and offline over the past months, according to Koreaboo. During his Manila concert last month, he told fans: “I’m gonna say I feel unhappy more than I feel happy these days … I just wanna be honest because you guys are the only people that I can talk to.”
“I have a lot of things going on in my mind right now, but then every time, the only place that I feel free and I feel like happy these days is meeting you guys on stage,” he added. “So the stage is like a playground for me right now. When I’m by myself, I kinda think a lot, so I appreciate you guys come out here and have a good time for me.”
In other posts, BamBam has also apologised “for being so negative and sensitive”, announcing that he will be “taking some time off for myself”. Other stars who have expressed their support for BamBam include variety show star and singer Brian Joo and rapper Jessi.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.