Hailey Baldwin Bieber showed off her baby bump in new pictures since announcing she and Justin Bieber were expecting.
The model announced that she and her husband were expecting their first child together on Thursday, May 9. The two posted a black and white video of them renewing their vowels in Hawaii, which then showed a pregnant Hailey. She was showing off her baby bump while wearing a laced white dress with a matching head scarf and Justin wore fur jacket with a white shirt and an Atlanta Braves hat.
Since the announcement, the two have been spotted together and now Hailey is posting new pictures of her bump, living life, worry-free.
Click here to follow the Mirror US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest news, sports and entertainment stories.
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber shows baby bump in crop top as she's seen with Justin for first time since reveal
The Rhode Skin founder posted a carousel of pictures on her Instagram on Wednesday with the caption: "The past few weeks have been." The pictures showed the mom-to-be in different looks like denim overall, a pink butterfly style crop top and white t-shirt, enjoying a getaway with Justin.
While wearing the butterfly styled crop top, Hailey's stomach was in full display and she is seen holding her bump. Hailey also showed off her bump when wearing a baggy white t-shirt and sipping on a drink, looking unbothered.
The comment section was full of support from Hailey's fans and friends. One person commented: "The most beautiful mom there is." Another person wrote: "You're so beautiful and glowing mama." A third person wrote: "HE MOST BEAUTIFUL THING IN THE WORLD." Someone even thinks that Hailey is having a girl after posing in the pink butterfly top. Kylie Jenner, Sofia Richie Grainge, Jason Kennedy, Odell Beckham Jr., Malika and mother-in-law Pattie Mallette, commented under the post as well.
Pattie, Justin's mother, expressed her excitement on becoming a grandmother once the news came out. She posted a video on her Instagram "finally"celebrating the news with Justin's fans. She said: "I have been waiting for this day. Now that they have shared it, I can finally celebrate with you all and oh my gosh, I'm going to be a grandma." She continued: "Oh my goodness! Justin and Hailey, you are going to be the best parents ever and I am so excited. Oh my goodness, paise God."
Beliebers all over the world have been embracing the news creating videos using Justin's My World 2.0 song, That Should Be Me, to show their support. Many fans have seen Justin grow in front of their eyes since his debut in 2009.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.