search
Lincoln Market takes 36K sf in Hell’s Kitchen
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
Silverstein Properties has rung up a big grocery tenant at River Place.
The landlord signed Lincoln Market to a 20-year lease for 36,000 square feet at the Hell’s Kitchen property, according to Katz & Associates, which brokered the deal on behalf of the tenant. The asking rent for the retail space at 660 West 42nd Street was $60 per square foot, a Katz representative told The Real Deal.
The ninth and largest Lincoln Market location will be one of the biggest ground-floor supermarkets in Manhattan if it opens as scheduled late next year. It may not be done growing, either, as the chain is seeking sites of at least 15,000 square feet across New York City and in Bergen County, New Jersey.
Katz’s Scott Shor represented the tenant in the lease at the very western end of West 42nd Street. A Cushman & Wakefield team including Sean Moran and Steven Soutendijk represented Silverstein.
In prepared statements, the Lincoln Market team said it was drawn to the size and location of the space, while an official for Silverstein said the lease “highlights the ongoing growth and success of the neighborhood.”
The River Place retail space was previously home to bowling alley Lucky Strike, which opened at the spot in 2008. The entertainment venue sparked opposition from residents of the mixed-use building, but also visits from celebrities like Justin Bieber and Katie Couric.
In 2021, Lucky Strike announced it would permanently close the location as a result of the pandemic, W42ST reported. At the time, an official for Lucky Strike said that ownership decided to go in a different direction. The space appears to have been vacant since.
Lincoln Market’s lease at River Place is likely to be one of the bigger retail deals of the month. In October — the most recent month with available data — the lease would have ranked as the third-largest in New York City.
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.