Kourtney Kardashian, who celebrated her birthday recently, has shown off her incredible post-baby figure in her sister Kylie Jenner's new jeans.
The reality star, 45, welcomed her first child with husband Travis Barker, Rocky Thirteen, in 2023. And it seems that Kourtney is back to flaunting her svelte frame and post-baby figure.
Taking to her Instagram page, Kourtney shared a selection of mirror selfies while promoting her sister's clothing brand Khy. Posing up a storm while turned to the side, Kourtney's svelte frame was in full view.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Justin Bieber breaks down in tears in snap as fans speculate 'crisis' with wife Hailey
The brunette beauty looked amazing as she snapped away. She wore a black sports bra with the blue jeans by Khy, that were seemingly undone. She posed up a storm and snapped a few selfies, but covered her face with a black love heart emoji.
Writing on the image, Kourtney penned: "These are cute.. but...", adding on the next slide: "Do you think I can get a KB instead?" after circling the KK embroidery on the pocket of the jeans.
Back in November, it was revealed that Kourtney and her husband Travis had welcomed their first child together. Kourtney reportedly gave birth to her first baby with her husband on November 1.
It was revealed soon after that the couple had named their son Rocky Thirteen Barker. The POOSH founder has children from her previous relationship with Scott Disick; Mason, 13, Penelope, 10, and Reign, eight. Meanwhile, Travis is already dad to daughter Alabama, 17, and son Landon, 20, from his relationship with his ex Shanna Moakler.
The reality TV star also shared sensational snaps online last week as she celebrated her big birthday in the sunshine.
Kourtney showed off her flat tummy in a halterneck bikini that showed off her famous curves. "45 trips around the sun," she captioned the post. She also posted snaps of her on the dock wearing a red T-shirt with her bikini bottoms and swimming in a luxury pool.
Her glam snap was a far cry from the shot her hubby posted to celebrate her big day. Travis Barker bizarrely shared pictures of his wife Kourtney on the toilet to mark her 45th birthday.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.