Angelina Jolie attends the photocall of the movie “Eternals” during the 16th Rome Film Fest 2021 on October 24, 2021 in Rome, Italy. Brad Pitt attends the UK Premiere of “BABYLON” at BFI IMAX Waterloo on January 12, 2023 in London, England.
Before the infamous 2016 plane incident, Angelina Jolie reveals Brad Pitt has a history of physical abuse. As we previously reported, Pitt, 60, was investigated by the FBI and social services in Los Angeles amid reports he got “verbally abusive and physical with his children” on a private jet. He was later cleared of the abuse allegations by the LA County Department Of Children And Family Services.
According to the FBI report, Jolie, 48, accused Pitt of pouring beer on her during the flight after Pitt took issue with her parenting at the conclusion of a two-week family vacation. Per the report, Jolie said when she asked him what was wrong, he allegedly replied, “'That kid looks like a f—— Columbine kid.' She recalled that (redacted) went on and said things like, ‘You don’t know what you’re doing.'”
(Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
The former couple then allegedly went to the back of the plane in hopes of being away from the children’s ears, Jolie told the FBI. Pitt allegedly “grabbed her by the head, shaking her, followed by grabbing her at the shoulders and shaking her” before he punched “the ceiling of the plane approximately four times,” she said. The original filing recounted that she and her children have "experienced lasting physical and mental trauma as a result of the assault."
A new filing by Jolie in 2022 read: "When one of the children verbally defended Jolie, Pitt lunged at his own child, and Jolie grabbed him from behind to stop him. To get Jolie off his back, Pitt threw himself backwards into the airplane’s seats, injuring Jolie’s back and elbow. The children rushed in, and all bravely tried to protect each other. Before it was over, Pitt choked one of the children and struck another in the face. Some of the children pleaded with Pitt to stop. They were all frightened.”
The Seven star has responded to his ex-wife's filings soon after via his attorney, Anne Kiley. She released a statement that said Brad has "owned everything he’s responsible for from day one—unlike the other side—but he’s not going to own anything he didn’t do. He has been on the receiving end of every type of personal attack and misrepresentation." The lawyer added that they are thankful that "various public authorities the other side has tried to use against him over the past six years have made their own independent decisions."
Now, per documents obtained by Page Six Thursday (April 4), the Maleficent actress claims, "Pitt’s history of physical abuse of Jolie started well before the family’s September 2016 plane trip from France to Los Angeles." Apparently, that flight was the first time he became physically abusive to their children as well. Jolie filed for divorce days after this incident. Together, they share biological children Vivienne, 15, Knox, 15, Shiloh, 17, and adopted children Maddox, 22, Zahara, 19, and Pax, 20.
Jolie’s legal team made this allegation in an attempt to prove that Pitt refused to allow his ex-wife to sell her portion of their shared Château Miraval French winery unless she signed an “expansive” NDA.
Hollywood can be a small dating pool. Celebrities hook up with each other in their same social circles. And there is no shortage of Hollywood divorces. The dating world of the rich and the famous is small for those who are in it. As a result, there are many celebrities who share the same lovers.
Take a look below at which celebrities have been with the same person:
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!