Who Will Play Halftime?  (Photo by Michael Reaves/Getty Images)
Less than 60 days till the Official start of the National Football League season. Already, names are being tossed around about who will be lucky enough to play the Super Bowl halftime show.
According to Vegasinsider.com, they recently surveyed to find out who they would like to headline the 2024 halftime show, which is set to take place next year at the Allegiant Stadium in Nevada.
People were asked to choose their preferred choice for the headliner of the 2024-25 Super Bowl halftime show. Taylor Swift came out on top with 11.69% of the votes, followed by Adele with 8.94%, and Justin Bieber came third with 4.56%.
Most wanted headliner for the 2024-Super-bowl halftime show
When looking at the most wanted headliners by generation, Taylor Swift came out on top for the Silent Generation, Baby Boomers, Gen X, and Gen Z; Adele was the most popular choice by Millenials. 
Some of my favorites have already been played—2001 Aerosmith, 2004 Kid Rock, 2005 Paul McCartney, 2006 The Rolling Stones and Prince.
It has been over 14 years since a "Rock & Roll" act got to play. (sorry, I don't include Coldplay)
I would love to see a great rock and roll entertainer like Dave Grohl, and the Foo Fighter is a great choice. The guy is so entertaining to watch, and I can see him bringing some fun and good music back to Halftime.
Super Bowl LIX is the upcoming American football championship game of the National Football League (NFL) for the 2024 season. It will be played on February 9, 2025, at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans, Louisiana.
Who knows? Maybe the Detroit Lions will be there. You never know.
What an exciting time for football. And with the Super Bowl around the corner, you might as well make sure you have your appetizers and snacks in order. Whether you're excited about the game, the insane commercials, or the halftime show, it's certain that most people will be chowing down on apps.
Last year, a study found that appetizers make up most people’s diets on gameday. Interestingly, 70% of people skip the entrée and stick to appetizers on Super Bowl Sunday. This study also found that 41% say they tend to overeat.
Another study found that more than half of people look forward to game day parties because of the food. Also, highlighted is that 74% of people plan to make food at home. Meanwhile, 26% plan to order from restaurants. Either way, there will be food.
Taste of Home compiled a list of what they consider to be the best of the best when it comes to apps. Their top five include an antipasto platter with meat and cheese cubes, pepper jelly hogs in a blanket, beef Wellington fried wontons, fruit charcuterie board, and ham and Swiss sliders.
There’s something for everyone from last-minute party throwers to ambitious hosts. If you're looking for something quick chips and dip is a go. If you're looking for something with a bit of pizazz, maybe try a quesadilla ring.
This year's Super Bowl will be held on Sunday, Feb. 11. Kickoff is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. EST. Whether you're tuning in for the game, watching for the commercials, or just want to see Usher's halftime show, make sure you have your snacks ready to go.
There are many game day apps you can add to the menu, from wings, dips, and sliders, to desserts, and breads. Check out these appetizers that will make watching the game even more fun.
Whether you're going store-bought or homemade, chicken wings are a definite crowd pleaser. They're easily customizable from a simple dry rub to a tossed-in sauce moment. And if you are trying to keep things somewhat on the healthier side, you can always bake your wings instead of frying them.
KoriKobayashi/ Getty Images
Nachos are a game-day favorite for many. You can go all out with toppings or keep it simple if you need to make something quick. The main ingredients include tortilla chips, cheese, and toppings. These toppings can be meat, tomatoes, black olives, black beans, corn, onions, among others.
bhofack2/ Getty Images
Buffalo chicken dip features chicken mixed with your favorite buffalo sauce and cream cheese. If don't feel like cooking the chicken, you can always grab a rotisserie chicken. It can be paired with tortilla chips, crackers, or toasted baguette slices.
VeselovaElena/ Getty Images
These are a budget-friendly option that can be made with ingredients that you probably already have on hand. It's a more effortless appetizer made with the crispy skins of a baked potato filled with bacon, cheese, sour cream, and chives. To make it more of an appetizer, you can opt for smaller potatoes.
Fudio/ Getty Images
This appetizer is like a miniature bite of comfort food. They're creamy balls of mac and cheese that are crispy on the outside and cheesy on the inside. And they are made with a few ingredients including pasta, cheese, milk, flour, eggs, panko, and seasonings.
bhofack2/ Getty Images
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!