Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco will undoubtedly host one of the celebrity weddings of the decade after recently becoming betrothed.
The actress and singer, 32, revealed Blanco, a 34-year-old music producer, had proposed to her.
"Forever begins now," Gomez captioned an Instagram post showing off her engagement ring and photos of her cuddling with Blanco. That post went viral and has been liked more than 10 million times at the time of writing.
Long before they got together as a couple, Blanco and Gomez had crossed paths thanks to him working with her ex-boyfriend, Justin Bieber, for years from 2009. The music producer also worked with another of Gomez's exes, The Weeknd, and one of her good friends, Camila Cabello.
They began working together sporadically on music from 2015, including Blanco producing her songs "Same Old Love" and "Kill 'Em With Kindness." Two years after that, he produced Gomez's collaboration "Trust Nobody" with Cashmere Cat.
They worked together again in 2019 for the single "I Can't Get Enough" with Tainy and J Balvin.
The rumor mill was sent into overdrive when Blanco was spotted attending Gomez's 31st birthday in July 2023.
Gomez then confirmed in December that year that the pair had been dating on the down low for "six months."
She also confirmed they were dating after commenting on a number of social media posts by PopFaction, a social media account dedicated to sharing entertainment news.
"He has treated me better than any human being on this planet." In another, she shared: "He's still better than anyone I've ever been with. Facts."
Around the same time, Gomez posted a photo of her wearing a ring with the letter 'B' for Blanco on her left ring finger to her Instagram stories.
"Selena and Benny have been casually seeing each other for a while and more recently, it became more official. Things have been going really well between them and Selena is happy. She thinks Benny is very funny and of course, extremely talented. Selena is in a great place in her life and feels content and relaxed. She is enjoying where things are going," a source told Entertainment Tonight at the time.
On December 10, Blanco shared his first image of Gomez on his Instagram.
As 2024 rolled out, the couple went public for the first time, attending an NBA game on January 3. They sat courtside and looked very affectionate with each other.
The pair made their red carpet debut attending the Emmys together.
Throughout the year, the pair gushed about each other in media interviews and on social media, including on Valentine's Day where Gomez declared "I love you," to Blanco.
In August, engagement rumors began swirling when Gomez posted a mirror selfie that seemingly obscured an engagement ring on her finger with some pink love heart emojis.
Earlier this month, she was asked directly about whether or not the couple had plans to get married.
"I'm not sure, but I'm having a great time," Gomez told Stephen Colbert on The Late Show.
Gomez announced their engagement on Instagram and showed fans her pear-shaped diamond ring.
Fans rushed to congratulate the happy couple and even celebrities got in on the act, with her friend Taylor Swift telling her, "Yes I will be the flower girl," in the comments section.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print, newspapers and broadcast, specializing in entertainment, politics, LGBTQ+ and health reporting. Shannon has covered high profile celebrity trials along with industry analysis of all the big trends in media, pop culture and the entertainment business generally. Shannon stories have featured on the cover of the Newsweek magazine and has been published in publications such as, The Guardian, Monocle, The Independent, SBS, ABC, Metro and The Sun. You can get in touch with Shannon by email at s.power@newsweek.com and on X @shannonjpower. Languages: English, Greek, Spanish.
Shannon Power is a Greek-Australian reporter, but now calls London home. They have worked as across three continents in print,                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC