By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Justin Bieber has the kind of style that people either scoff at or understand completely. And not to say one is right over the other, but in my opinion, the thing about Justin’s closet that is the object of envy is this complete lack of regard for the attention or respect of others in his clothes. And sure, probably a huge reason for that is that he has grown up in the public eye and has learned how to protect himself by not caring what other people think. Over the course of his career, the effortlessness of Justin Bieber’s fashion has really grown to become a hallmark.
The joke around Justin Bieber‘s clothes is that he will often roll up to things in sweatpants or in slides or slippers, and many times, Hailey Bieber is standing right next to him wearing full glam, heels, and a dress none of us have ever seen before. Maybe the point is to say that men never put in any effort and women put in so much. And like, yeah I guess so. But the two of them seem to be really into the joke and into how they dress. Justin’s general standoffishness to the public definitely comes across in his clothes. As if he’s too cool for you and he doesn’t feel like faking being friendly, so why would he care if you noticed that he’s wearing something from the latest collection of whatever designer. The idea is that maybe you did notice, and that has nothing to do with him.
Personally, I love Justin’s style. I think true personal style kind of has to be deeply offensive to a lot of people. It has to make them shake their heads, wag their fingers, and clutch their chests. It has to defy norms and be weird, and that’s exactly what Justin’s magic is.
Justin Bieber wears a pretty simple outfit and then pairs it with the cutest little Oxford Mary Jane style loafers.
Bieber wears this sweat suit, doesn’t even zip it up all the way and then ties his hood tight to his face, then wears a baseball hat on top. If bro fashion could be camp, Bieber would be the poster child.
Justin wore this very beautiful Moncler jacket to the Moncler Geniius show at London Fashion Week. That’s all I’ve got to say. What a color.
Not only does Bieber get acne just like everyone else, he uses Starface pimple patches like us too. 
Justin wore this very hilarious crochet blanket to Sushi Park at the beginning of 2023. The rest of the outfit is probably very interesting too, but we wouldn’t know!
Oh yes, the alien goggles. Justin is seen in New York at the end of 2022, and the futuristic nostalgia of the early 2000s is calling him. He’s got an otherwise very classic Soho look, very effortless and workwear forward, but then there are the sunnies.
Justin’s in LA wearing a bright blue and red hoodie and gray sweatpants with a beanie. 
This is one of Justin Bieber’s more Capital O Outfits. And yeah, that’s just because it’s monochrome as fuck, but it’s so different for Justin to be seen putting even this much thought and effort into a look. And if that sounds like shade, you’re not listening.
This is actually doubley great because Hailey’s mustard yellow leather look is also so amazing, but Justin and Hailey were in Paris, and he wore this gorgeous blue outfit, which is a lot more polished than he usually goes for, but it’s stunning. 
Well I actually think this is some of Justin’s best work. The fuzzy bleached dandelion head and the glasses and the strange outfit that only works because he has the sauce for it. Yeah. Those other boys wish.
Justin steps out in Brooklyn wearing a vibrant red windbreaker, some cargo pants, and sneakers, with an LA Angels hat.
Alright, this is one of Justin’s best looks IMO. He’s got what appears to be a boiler suit on (or otherwise a matching set), a bright gold pair of sneakers and hat, and the star of the show—his bright cerulean blue cropped puffer. At this point, Justin is so familiar with his sense of style, and the fact that he doesn’t really care what people think about his dressing shows in the best way.
By 2018, Justin was really growing into the psychedelic hippie vibe he had going on. He had long, shaggy  bleached hair, barely shaved, and swapped his skinny jeans for something baggier. On this day in London, he was wearing a psychedelic tie-dye sweatshirt, long shorts, and a pair of Nikes.
By 2017, Justin’s style starts morphing into the more casual style we know it to be now. He’s got his ripped, light wash denim, bright pink sneakers, an oversized T-shirt, a green-brimmed snapback, and glasses.
The bleached shaved head is incredible. The rest of the look is pretty straightforward, but the hair speaks for itself, imo.
At this point, we’re ushering in the point where every guy in New York City is wearing a Chelsea boot or a tapered toe lace up boot with their skinny jeans, so Justin is really just a product of his time. He’s ahead of his time by masking up with a bandana though.
Justin Bieber wore this long white tee underneath a hoodie and paired the look with skinny jeans. We would’ve just graduated out of the time of dresses over jeans, but he stayed there and it rocked.
The era of Justin Bieber when he was wearing this blue-toned purple everywhere and a baseball hat was when we all should’ve known his image was going to be iconic. But I don’t blame myself for the lack of foresight, I was literally in middle school. 
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.