By Author Tyler Johnson


Published: Mar 29, 2024 at 3:53 PM • Category Beyonce 

Reading Time:  3 minutes 
Like millions of other fans, Hailey Bieber just posted about Beyonce’s cover of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene” — and some people think she threw a little shade at Selena Gomez in the process.
Here’s what we know about the situation thus far:
As you’ve likely heard by now, Beyonce’s first country album, Cowboy Carter, was released to rave reviews today.
The album features Bey’s take on Parton’s classic “message to the other woman” ballad — but with a twist.
While Dolly begged Jolene not to take her man, Beyonce warns the side-chick that she better keep it moving.
It’s a song that, like several of the tracks from Bey’s Lemonade album, is all but certain to become an anthem for anyone who’s been forced to deal with an unfaithful partner.
And that’s why fans are reading so much into Hailey’s decision to post the song on her page.
It’s important to note that Hailey made no mention of Selena, nor did she mention her husband, Justin Bieber.
She merely posted the song with a caption reading, “Whew.”
Again, Beyonce’s “Jolene” is the most popular song in the world right now, so there’s really nothing especially crazy about any of that.
But the internet is still obsessed with the long-rumored Selena-Hailey feud, so pretty much everything that Hailey posts gets dissected for signs of shade.
The situation is worse than ever these days, thanks to rumors of trouble within Hailey and Justin’s marriage.
So it should come as not surprise that Hailey’s post has been so widely misinterpreted.
But the haters are reaching like never before on this one.
As TMZ reports, “Online chatter claimed HB’s upload proves she was jealous and obsessed with Selena.”
The site went on to note that the speculation is a “bit of a stretch if we’re being honest” — which is putting it mildly.
Selena, of course, has yet to offer any public reaction to the situation.
Frankly, we hope she’s blissfully unaware that social media weirdos are once again trying to pull her into a feud with Hailey.
As for Beyonce, she just launched the biggest album of the year, so she’s definitely got more important things going on.
Here’s hoping her weekend plans involve planning a world tour!
Rebel Wilson: I Lost My Virginity at Age 35, And That’s Okay!
Tori Spelling FINALLY Files for Divorce from Dean McDermott After 18 Years of Marriage