Dominic Fike is an American singer-songwriter who has a net worth of $2 million. Dominic Fike initially received recognition after releasing music online before later signing to a major label and releasing albums like "What Could Possibly Go Wrong " and "Sunburn." He also is an accomplished actor, appearing in the popular HBO series "Euphoria."
Dominic David Fike was born on December 30, 1995, in Naples, Florida. He was raised by his single mother and grew up with his two brothers, Alex and Sean, and his sister, Apollonia. He is of African-American, Filipino, and Haitian descent. Dominic attended Naples High School, Estero High School, and Palmetto Ridge High School and graduated in 2014.
Fike's childhood was challenging at times, as his father was absent, and his mother was in and out of jail. He often stayed at the homes of friends, other relatives, and his older brother. However, Dominic has stated that his childhood was also full of creativity and music. He was a fan of Jack Johnson, Blink-182, and Red Hot Chili Peppers. He also enjoyed rap and R&B music and began freestyling as a teenager.
Fike first gained recognition by making beats with his friend and then-producer Hunter Pfeiffer, who was known as 54. These sessions led to several popular songs that he released on SoundCloud. Dominic soon afterward released the EP "Don't Forget About Me, Demos" at the age of 22. He had recorded the EP while he was on house arrest after being charged with battery of a police officer. He later served time at Collier County Jail for violating house arrest.
While he was in jail, his EP caught the attention of several label labels, and a bidding war ensued. During this time, all of the music Fike had previously released on SoundCloud was removed so that it could be re-released after he signed a record deal. After Dominic was released from jail in April 2018, he signed with Columbia Records in August.
Columbia released the EP in October 2018. The same year, Fike also released the single "3 Nights." The single gained wide attention and peaked within the top ten charts in Australia, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. It was also placed on several Spotify playlists and received radio play, as well as positive reviews from publications like Rolling Stone, Pitchfork, and Billboard.
In January 2019, Fike revealed that he was working on an album. He also began collaborating with the American hip-hop band Brockhampton, specifically with band member Kevin Abstract. Their collaboration, "Peach," reached over four million views on YouTube.
(Photo by Arturo Holmes/FilmMagic)
In June 2019, Fike released the singles "Acai Bowl" and "Rollerblades." He followed these with another single, "Phone Numbers." The music video for the latter song was released in October 2019. Dominic also had announced he would be touring North America during the fall on his "Rain or Shine Tour." He performed an unreleased song,"Chicken Tenders," during a concert in Chicago.
He released the song the following year as the first single from his then-unnamed debut studio album. In July 2020, he released another single, "Politics & Violence," and announced the album would be called "What Could Possibly Go Wrong." The album was released on July 31st.
In August 2020, Fike was the subject of the second episode of "The New York Times Presents," a narrative investigative journalism docuseries. That year, he was also included on the "NME" list of Essential New Artists for 2020.
(Photo by Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images)
In September 2020, Fike became a headliner for the "Fortnite" concert series. In March 2021, he was featured on Justin Bieber's song "Die for You" from Bieber's "Justice" album. In August 2021, it was announced that Dominic had joined the cast of the HBO teen drama series "Euphoria" for its second season. He played the character of Elliot, who befriends the main character. He revealed later that he was almost removed from the cast of the show as a result of his frequent drug use during production. In 2022, he was nominated in the Best Kiss category at the MTV Movie & TV Awards.
In April 2023, Fike performed at the Coachella music festival. The same month, he posted a teaser for an upcoming single called "Dancing in the Courthouse." In May, he announced his upcoming second album, "Sunburn." In June, he released the single "Mona Lisa." Dominic also announced he would be embarking on a new tour called the "Don't Stare At The Sun" tour, which would begin in North America and continue in the United Kingdom. His album, "Sunburn," was released on July 7, 2023. The same year, he also appeared in the role of Miles in the film "Earth Mama." He also was cast in the film "Little Death," which was released in 2024.
Fike met actress Hunter Schafer while working on the second season of "Euphoria." They began dating in January 2022. However, over a year later, in an interview in July 2023, Fike confirmed that the couple was no longer together.
© 2025 Celebrity Net Worth / All Rights Reserved