Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant’s wedding is a multi-day, mega-million affair and super star-studded. Kim Kardashian, Priyanka Chopra, and more A-listers traveled to India to witness the son of Asia’s richest man tie the knot on Friday. The couple, who got engaged in December 2023, have been celebrating for months, starting with a pre-wedding party in March attended by 1,200 guests, including Ivanka Trump and Mark Zuckerberg.
In May, the pair invited 800 people to embark on a four-day European cruise along the Mediterranean coast. Their festivities continued earlier this month with a mass wedding for more than 50 other couples and a private “haldi” ceremony with their friends and family. As Anant and Merchant’s main wedding ceremony kicks off at the JIO World Convention Center in Mumbai, scroll down for all the details on their lavish union.
The groom’s father is billionaire Mukesh Ambani, the chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries, and his mother is philanthropist Nita Ambani. Mukesh, 67, has already gifted the couple with an $80 million, 10-bedroom villa on Palm Jumeirah in Dubai, which boasts a private beach.
As for the bride, she is the daughter of pharmaceutical tycoons Viren Merchant and Shaila Merchant. Anant and Radhika, both 29, are reportedly childhood friends whose friendship turned romantic during a 2017 drive with mutual pals. They went public with their romance in 2018 following their respective graduations from Brown University and New York University.
A post shared by VOGUE India (@vogueindia)
In addition to hosting a mass wedding, also known as a “Samuh Vivah,” on July 2 in Palghar. Anant and Radhika enjoyed a night of music and dancing, or a “sangeet,” at the Nita Mukesh Ambani Cultural Center three days later. They were blessed by friends and family members during their private “haldi” ceremony on July 8.
Their main ceremony took place on Friday, complete with a red carpet, followed by a “Shubh Ashirwad,” or divine blessings ceremony, the next day at the Ambani family’s residence, Antilia. Sunday’s reception, or “Mangal Utsav,” will take place in the same 27-story skyscraper mansion. This mega-wedding is not just a celebration of love but a display of opulence, cultural heritage, and the convergence of global celebrities, setting a new benchmark for high-profile weddings.
A post shared by Mamaraazzi (@mamaraazzi)
The Guardian broke down the potential cost of the luxe wedding, estimating it to be upwards of $600 million. If true, this whopping total would reportedly account for only half a percent of the Ambani family’s fortune. Flying in Justin Bieber to sing at the couple’s “sangeet” allegedly cost $10 million alone, with Rihanna paid $6 million to perform at their March bash.
Kim documented her and Khloé Kardashian’s appearance at the headline-making wedding via Instagram Stories Friday. The Skims creator, 43, wore a ruby red lehenga, a matching dupatta, a diamond headpiece, and multiple diamond necklaces, while her sister, 40, stunned in an equally sparkling white and gold ensemble. Chopra, 41, was also in attendance with husband Nick Jonas, as well as actor John Cena.
Rihanna’s $6M performance of “All Of The Lights” in India at the son of Billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s wedding pic.twitter.com/d1J4ZfvWzE
— Historic Vids (@historyinmemes) March 2, 2024
Rihanna was blasted online for her allegedly “lackluster” set at March’s pre-wedding bash, while the celebratory cruise two months later featured performances by David Guetta, Pitbull, and the Backstreet Boys. Bieber gave a behind-the-scenes look at his performance for the couple earlier this month via Instagram. Speculation is swirling about Adele and Lana Del Rey performing at the wedding, according to CNN.
Guests at Anant and Radhika’s “jungle fever” party in March received a nine-page dress code to follow with hair and makeup artists on-site, as well as traditional Indian draping experts. Friday’s red carpet consisted of “traditional Indian attire” (via Daily Mail), while invitees were ordered to wear “Indian formal” outfits the following day. As for the reception, attendees were expected to show up in “Indian chic” looks.

 Follow Us
                        
Meet Saim "Info Junkie" Azeem, your go-to connoisseur of all things newsworthy. Saim has an insatiable appetite for the latest headlines, and devours stories like they’re the finest cuisine. Whether it’s breaking news, politics, entertainment, or the bizarre, he has a knack for uncovering the hidden gems in every story.
We only use unique illustrations and content.
          Some materials may include links to partners. This does not impact our content and editorial policy,
          but rather provides opportunities for development.
        
Are you the PR for a TV show, movie, or network? We’d love to work with you – reach out to us at