Lynn Asshby, columnist-at-large
Occupy Wall Street. An Army of One. George W. Bush. You all go Into the Void along with Miley Cyrus, Jay Leno and Miss America. We have seen these once-popular people, sayings and causes ad infinitum. They have their 15-minutes of fame, or maybe much longer, then disappear from our radar. Whatever happened to Newt Gingrich? He was on TV, mostly on Fox News, in an effort to make himself relevant again. Ol’ Newt did succeed in creating one voidism: he made the complimentary title “elite” – like an elite military force or an elite university faculty – into insulting effete, out-of-touch snobs. I once heard him use “elite media” twice in one put-down sentence. Thanks to Newt, the former meaning of elite has gone Into the Void.
Speaking of once-important politicians, remember Kevin McCarthy? He was the Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, among the most powerful people in Washington, third in line to the presidency. He was forced into obscurity when he became the first speaker to ever be removed from the role during a legislative session. McCarthy was so humiliated that he resigned as a member of the House, never to be seen again. Another powerful pol was Fort Bend County’s own Tom DeLay. Is he still with us? Some of our former presidents went Into the Void. Lyndon Johnson left the Oval Office under a dark cloud over Vietnam and retreated to his ranch, pretty well ignored by the Democrats. Richard Nixon? Fuggedaboutit.
Gerald Ford didn’t retire to his district in Grand Rapids, Michigan (would you?), but moved to Arizona and played golf. George H.W. Bush came home to Houston, much beloved here, where he and Barbara watched the Aggies and the Astros and did low-profile charity work. Incidentally, years ago I wrote that Bush had gone Into the Void because he had disappeared. I got a nice note, with a beautiful panda postal stamp, from him in Beijing where he was serving as our top diplomat. Bush said he didn’t feel like he was in the Void because he was surrounded by 1 billion people. However, their son, George Junior, lives in Dallas and paints portraits. He is definitely goes Into the Void. The Clintons have been in our face for decades, but they both are campaigning for their party’s candidates, so they are still here. Former President Donald Trump is eating cats and dogs in a small Ohio town that is terrified of bombs and death threats. Pope Benedict XVI went into retirement, the first pontiff to do so in 600 years. He’s not exactly a politician, but he was an elected leader so he makes the list.
Closer to home, former Gov. Rick Perry didn’t go back to Paint Creek, (see: Grand Rapids) but lives on a 50-acre lot in Round Top, and was last seen on “Dancing with the Stars.” Former Houston mayors Kathy Whitmire and Annise Parker are MIA. Sylvester Turner wants to be Congressman Turner, so he’s still very much around. In sports, we have extra innings for two of Houston’s Hall of Famers. Nolan Ryan last played in Houston in 1988, but he remains popular here and is now pitching products on TV. You baseball fans can purchase a Nolan Ryan Texas Rangers 1993 Cooperstown Collection Authentic Jersey for a mere $243.99, knocked down from $324.99. And you can catch Craig Biggio on TV throwing out a commercial or visit Biggio’s Restaurant & Bar. No void for them, but Johnny “Mister Football” Manziel threw himself Into the Void.
One night during a musical performance at the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo the star opened his act by saying, “Let’s get this one out of the way.” The song was, “Achy Breaky Heart” and the singer was, of course, one-hit wonder Billy Ray Cyrus. He and his daughter, Miley aka Hannah Montana, were so hot until they weren’t. They join Britney Spears and Justin Bieber in the whatever-happened-to? category. They will soon also be joined by Sean “Diddy” Combs. The long-gone field is crowded: Charlie Rose, Bill O’Reilly and his War on Christmas, Dan Rather, Matt Lauer, Rudy Giuliani, the Macarena, bell-bottom pants and disco, backyard bomb shelters, home movie cameras and pencil sharpeners. Wait! The way things are going, we may need those bomb shelters again. Newspapers have been declared dead. I read it in the newspapers. When was the last time you saw a spittoon? That reminds me, when did you last see someone puffing on a pipe? Same for anyone wearing leisure suits.
Some good ideas don’t get the publicity they once received, like the League of Nations. More recently #MeToo and Black Lives Matter come to mind. They are still here, just not so much in the spotlight. Into the Void go those breathless news stories about bullying in schools. Disposable diapers are not biodegradable, so there was a drive to do away with them. It didn’t work, but I guess those immortal worries went Into the Void. Whatever happen to the Confederacy? Well, there was Appomattox, but still Rebel statues, schools named for generals and “Dixie” hung on until they – all together now – went Into the Void.
Yes, we go through once-popular people, movements and even good ideas like a box of Kleenex. Now we must wonder who or what is next? Will Elon Musk be tossed into the dustbin of history? Are the Tea Party, MAGA and AI just passing fads? Will our student protesters ever go back to class or will they join Tucker Carlson in the Void? The WNBA is big right now, but when Catlin Clark and Brittney Griner retire, or visit Russia, will women’s basketball still bring in the fans and TV ratings? We must hope COVID-19 with its social distancing, anti-vax knuckle-draggers and “Hang Fauci” signs won’t come back, but don’t throw away your masks and keep Dr. Fauci on your speed-dial. Will we ever see the Texas Democratic Party avoid the Void? Maybe so, but it’s getting pretty full.
Ashby is voidless at ashby2@comcast.net
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos.
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: