Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey Bieber were seen together at church Wednesday night, just hours after her father's plea for prayers for the couple sparked concerns about their marriage.
A video published by TMZ showed Justin and Hailey looking somber as they left Churchome Church at Saban Theatre in Beverly Hills, California, following a late-night service.
The "Love Yourself" singer attempted to keep a low profile by covering his face with a black scarf and the hood of his gray sweatshirt.
The model sported a yellow and gray argyle sweater, baggy jeans, black boots, and sunglasses.
In the footage, Justin and Hailey did not respond when reporters asked if they were "still happily married."
Just hours after Stephen Baldwin asked the public for prayers for Justin and Hailey Bieber, the A-list couple emerged from church looking stoic. https://t.co/2BrLzmOIxl (🎥: Backgrid) pic.twitter.com/0QLe54ZeUO
The pop star was seen opening the passenger door of their Tesla Cybertruck for Hailey before walking around the car and getting in the driver's seat.
The sighting comes just hours after Hailey's dad, Stephen Baldwin, triggered concern among their fans when he urged the public to pray for her and Justin.
Baldwin, 57, re-shared an Instagram post, which featured Justin performing "I Could Sing of Your Love Forever" by Delirious? and the Hillsong Worship.
The post, which was originally made by influencer Victor Marx, included the message: "Christians, please when you think of Justin [and] Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw close to the Lord."
In the original post, Victor explained that his wife, Eileen Marx, and Hailey's mother, Kennya Baldwin, "often pray together" for the model and Justin.
"There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn't want them to draw closer to Jesus," Victor wrote in his post. "So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage and life in general. So thank you."
Baldwin did not reveal why he reposted the message, but unnamed sources with "direct knowledge" claimed to TMZ that it was related to a "private" matter that the couple is currently going through.
According to the insiders, Hailey reportedly is not happy with her father's move as it drew attention to her and Justin's marriage.
Baldwin's plea fueled rumors on social media that Hailey and Justin's marriage may be on the rocks.
"I think they are soft launching their divorce. It's clear as day," one fan speculated on Reddit.
Another suggested, "This can't mean anything good between them."