Watch CBS News

Updated on:  February 3, 2024 / 10:21 AM EST
          / Essentials
        

            We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
          
Hockey's best athletes are all in Toronto today for the 2024 NHL All-Star Game. Four teams of NHL greats will participate, each with their own celebrity captain: Team Matthews (Toronto's Austin Matthews and singer Justin Bieber), Team McDavid (Edmonton's Connor McDavid and actor Will Arnett), Team MacKinnon (Colorado's Nathan MacKinnon and singer Tate McRae) and Team Hughes (Vancouver's Quinn Hughes and singer Michael Bublé).
If you want to catch all the All-Star hockey action this Saturday, we've rounded up all your options for watching and live streaming the game.
The 2024 NHL All-Star Game will be played on Saturday, Feb. 3, 2024 at 3:00 p.m. ET (12:00 p.m. PT). The game will air on ABC and stream live on ESPN+, Sling TV and the other streaming platforms listed below.
While most cable packages include ABC, it's easy to watch the game if ABC isn't included in your cable TV subscription, or if you don't have cable at all. Your best options for watching are below. (Streaming options will require an internet provider.)
If you have don't have cable TV that includes ABC, NBC, Fox or ESPN, one of the most cost-effective ways to stream live sports this year is through a subscription to Sling TV. The streamer offers access to the NFL Network, local NBC, FOX and ABC affiliates (where available) and ESPN with its Orange + Blue Tier plan. Also worth noting: Sling TV comes with 50 hours of cloud-based DVR recording space included, perfect for recording all the important games.
That plan normally costs $60 per month, but the streamer is currently offering a 50% off promotion for your first month, so you'll pay just $30. You can learn more by tapping the button below.
Top features of Sling TV Orange + Blue tier: 
You can also catch the 2024 NHL All-Star Game on FuboTV. FuboTV is a sports-centric streaming service that offers access to just about every live sporting event you'd want to watch. Packages include ABC, CBS, Fox, NBC, ESPN, NFL Network and more, so you'll be able to watch more than just today's game, all without a cable subscription. (Yes, you can watch Super Bowl LVIII on CBS with Fubo TV.) Note: CBS and CBS Essentials are both subsidiaries of Paramount.
To watch the game without cable, start a seven-day free trial of Fubo. You can begin watching immediately on your TV, phone, tablet or computer. In addition to NHL hockey, FuboTV offers MLB, NBA, NFL, MLS and international soccer games. FuboTV Pro Tier is priced at $80 per month after your free seven-day trial.
Top features of FuboTV Pro Tier:
You can watch the NHL All-Star game on ABC with Hulu + Live TV. The bundle features access to 90 channels, including local TV affiliates and popular cable channels. Unlimited DVR storage is also included. Watch every game on every network with Hulu + Live TV, plus catch live NFL preseason games, exclusive live regular season games, popular studio shows (including NFL Total Access and the Emmy-nominated show Good Morning Football) and lots more.
Hulu + Live TV comes bundled with ESPN+ and Disney+ for $77 per month.
In addition to live streaming the 2024 NHL All-Star Game, ESPN+ offers exclusive live sports, original shows, a vast library of on-demand content (including the entire "30 For 30" series) and more. Here's a sampling of what's available on ESPN+:
An ESPN+ subscription costs $10.99 per month, or save 15% when you pay annually ($110).  ESPN+ is also currently offering a cost-saving bundle. Get ESPN+ (With Ads), Disney + (With Ads) and Hulu (With Ads) for $14.99 per month.
You can watch the NHL on TV with an affordable indoor antenna, which pulls in local over-the-air HDYC channels such as CBS, NBC, ABC, Fox, PBS, Univision and more. Here's the kicker: There's no monthly charge.
Anyone living in partially blocked-off area (those near mountains or first-floor apartments), a digital TV antenna may not pick up a good signal -- or any signal at all. But for many homes, a digital TV antenna provides a seriously inexpensive way to watch college football without paying a cable company. Indoor TV antennas can also provide some much-needed TV backup if a storm knocks out your cable.
This amplified digital antenna can receive hundreds of HD TV channels, including ABC, CBS, NBC, PBS, FOX, Univision and can filter out cellular and FM signals. It received signals 360 degrees and delivers a high-quality picture in 4K, UHD and 1080 HDTV, top-tier sound and features a 16-foot digital coax cable. This Amazon best selling antenna is regularly priced around $23, but we've seen it for sale as low as $15.

          Here's how to watch the Cardinals take on the Seahawks today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the 49ers face off with the Packers today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Cowboys take on the Commanders today.
        

          Want to watch the Philadelphia Eagles vs. Los Angeles Rams NFL game today? Here's how.
        

          Here's everything you need to know about watching the Kansas City Chiefs-Carolina Panthers game today.
        

          Want to know how to watch the Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. New York Giants NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Want to know how to watch the New England Patriots vs. Miami Dolphins NFL game today? Here's what you need to know.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Lions face off with the Colts today.
        

          Find out how (and where) to watch the Vikings face off with the Bears today.
        

          Katie Ledecky now has the top 10 performances all-time in the event, according to USA Swimming.
        

          The 1979 murder of 18-year-old California college freshman Catina Salarno changed the course of her family's lives—sparking a decades-long battle to keep her killer in prison.
        

          The U.S. Geological Survey reports that the earthquake's epicenter was about 35 miles south of Whites City, New Mexico.
        

          Kendy Howard, a 48-year-old wife and mother, was found dead in her bathtub with a gunshot wound to the head. Evidence at the scene led investigators to take a hard look at her husband, a former Idaho state trooper. Did he have the know-how to get away with murder?
        

          Buffalo Trace Distillery in Frankfurt, Kentucky, ground to a halt last month when the nearby Kentucky River rose to over 48 feet.
        

          Warren Buffett announced Saturday he would step down as CEO of Berkshire Hathaway at the end of the year.
        

          Warren Buffett said he will recommend to Berkshire Hathaway's board that Greg Abel should become CEO at the end of the year.
        

          The owner of the Three Brothers Diner says customers are cutting back on spending amid economic worries.
        

          Altman's World venture wants to convince people to scan their eyeballs to prove they're human amidst a proliferation of AIs and bots.
        

          President Trump's budget proposal for fiscal year 2026 would cut spending at the majority of departments and agencies.
        

          The home of Elon Musk's SpaceX rocket company is on its way to becoming an official Texas city with a galactic name: Starbase.
        

          It was the sacrifice of U.S. and European Allied soldiers during World War II that formed the bedrock of an alliance that has lasted for over 80 years.
        

          Cardinals are set to gather in Vatican City next week to choose Pope Francis' successor as the leader of the Catholic Church.
        

          Warren Buffett said he will recommend to Berkshire Hathaway's board that Greg Abel should become CEO at the end of the year.
        

          The Department of Justice has filed a lawsuit against the state of Colorado, the city of Denver and a list of local leaders.
        

          Warren Donaldson, 64, says Kareem Abdul-Jabbar's awareness campaign encouraged him to get his symptoms checked out.
        

          Laid-off employees ranged from those working in firefighter health programs, to those approving new respirators.
        

          There were at least 111 cases of measles reported in the last week of March, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
        

          Sneezing this spring? Here's why seasonal allergies are so bad this year and what you can do to feel better, according to experts.
        

          Since flu season is still ongoing, data is preliminary and may change, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Experts say it will likely increase.
        

          Everyone on board – three women, a child and the 29-year-old pilot – were rescued from their perch atop the capsized plane in "excellent condition," officials said.
        

          The Holy See released a video Saturday of the preparations for the May 7 conclave after Pope Francis died on April 21.
        

          The Greek police's division for organized crime was investigating the incident, while authorities were also investigating whether the woman might have had ties to extreme leftist groups.
        

          The aerial bombing on Saturday in South Sudan killed at least seven and caused significant damage to the hospital's pharmacy, destroying all medical supplies.
        

          Prime Minister Anthony Albanese became the first Australian leader to win a second consecutive three-year term in 21 years.
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Year After Year."
        

          Folk supergroup I'm With Her returns to Saturday Sessions to perform from their sophomore album "Wild and Clear and Blue" seven years after releasing their first album. "Wild and Clear and Blue" will be available next week. Now, from their new album, here is I'm With Her with "Ancient Light."
        

          Forget the vinyl revolution: For old-school music fans, cassettes are making a comeback. Superstars are offering some of their latest songs on the fragile, finicky devices, and there's a surprising surge in cassette sales. Here's why some fans are looking to the past to see the future of music.
        

          Chef Mario Pagan is nothing short of a culinary ambassador for Puerto Rico. The island where he was born and raised is now home to four of his fine dining restaurants, all of which feature food that tells a story with bold Caribbean flavors. His most recent establishment transformed a former theater in an up-and-coming San Juan neighborhood into a dramatic new eatery.
        

          Artist Joshua Vides is known for his all-star collaborations and his ability to transform everyday objects into two-dimensional illustrations. He opened up to Dana Jacobson about his creative journey and developing his unique style.
        

          Rockstar Games apologizes after announcing that Grand Theft Auto 6, its eagerly awaited video game, won't be released until next year.
        

          Bree Smith, a Nashville mom, says the deepfakes quickly multiplied, accompanying offers for private dinners and intimate acts in exchange for hundreds of dollars.
        

          From labor shortages to environmental impacts, farmers are looking to AI to help revolutionize the agriculture industry. One California startup, Farm-ng, is tapping into the power of AI and robotics to perform a wide range of tasks, including seeding, weeding and harvesting.
        

          Mastercard is working with companies to use artificial intelligence to help shoppers shop and make payments. William Antonelli, a contributor at Business Insider, joins CBS News with more.
        

          Epic Games, the maker of "Fortnite," filed an antitrust lawsuit alleging that Apple had built an illegal monopoly around its popular App Store.
        

          In the summer of 2010, panic spread across the region when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded​ in the Gulf.
        

          The mummy was found in Aspero, a sacred site within the city of Caral that was a garbage dump for over 30 years until becoming an archaeological site in the 1990s.
        

          A notably large brood of periodical cicadas will emerge from the underground across parts of the eastern U.S. this spring.
        

          There are other meat-eating caterpillars that "do lots of crazy things, but this takes the cake," the study's author said.
        

          Shortening permitting procedures for mining and oil drilling could adversely affect the environment, communities and endangered species, experts say.
        

          The 1979 murder of 18-year-old California college freshman Catina Salarno changed the course of her family's lives—sparking a decades-long battle to keep her killer in prison.
        

          Kendy Howard, a 48-year-old wife and mother, was found dead in her bathtub with a gunshot wound to the head. Evidence at the scene led investigators to take a hard look at her husband, a former Idaho state trooper. Did he have the know-how to get away with murder?
        

          The driver of the car, 38-year-old Rodney Hinton Jr., was charged with aggravated murder in the Cincinnati deputy's death, police said.
        

          Kendy Howard was found dead in her bathtub. While dispatched as a suicide, clues at the scene made Kootenai County authorities suspicious.
        

          Maria del Carmen Morales and her son were shot dead last week. They had been searching for another son who went missing last year.
        

          An astronaut who missed out on the first all-female spacewalk is getting her chance six years later.
        

          The European Space Agency's Biomass satellite is currently in orbit over the Amazon rainforest.
        

          The Hubble Space Telescope "opened a new window to the universe" when it launched into space. Now, 35 years later, NASA is releasing some stunning images to celebrate.
        

          This asteroid is bigger than scientists anticipated, about 5 miles long and 2 miles wide at its widest point — resembling a deformed peanut.
        

          During the peak of the Lyrid meteor shower, 10 to 20 meteors could be seen per hour, NASA says.
        

          Protests against the Trump administration took place across the U.S. Saturday. The demonstrations were held to mark the 250th anniversary of the start of the Revolutionary War.
        

          A look back at the esteemed personalities who've left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity.
        

          Hundreds of thousands took to the streets, in Washington, D.C. and other cities across the United States, in opposition to the policies of Donald Trump, in the largest protests since he returned to the presidency.
        

          A look into a grieving husband Jan Cilliers' investigative work after his wife Christy Giles and her friend Hilda Marcela Cabrales died after a night out.
        

          Peterson's death sentence for the murder of his pregnant wife Laci has been overturned. Now his supporters are pushing for a complete retrial.
        

          The creatives behind Broadway’s “Smash” sit down with Tracy Smith to discuss turning the hit television show into a Broadway musical. Then, Luke Burbank visits incarcerated workers at Eastern Oregon Correctional Institution who make the denim behind the “Prison Blues” brand. “Here Comes the Sun” is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on “CBS Sunday Morning.”
        

          Journalist and author Maria Shriver sits down with Lee Cowan to discuss her latest book “I Am Maria.” Then, Seth Doane travels to Naples, Italy, to learn about the jewels donated to honor San Gennaro. “Here Comes the Sun” is a closer look at some of the people, places and things we bring you every week on “CBS Sunday Morning.”
        

          A college student is killed by her boyfriend who lived right across the street. Her family's long battle to keep him in prison. "48 Hours" correspondent Erin Moriarty reports
        

          Did a former Idaho state trooper use his law enforcement skills to stage his wife’s death in their bathtub? "48 Hours" correspondent Peter Van Sant reports.
        

          Saturday is the 151st Kentucky Derby. While the race is legendary, so too is the state's bourbon. Nicole Sganga shows how one distillery hit by disaster has beat the odds and reopened.
        
Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.