Selena Gomez turned her love on for Benny Blanco.
The “Love On” singer revealed in a TikTok she shared Friday that she was the first to say “I love you” in her and Benny Blanco’s relationship. 
She shared the tidbit as they played a “Who’s Most Likely To” couple’s challenge on the app. The pair sat next to each other on the couch and the music producer sweetly hugged the singer and kissed her on the shoulder as she revealed she was the one who dropped the “L” word first.
Gomez, 31, also revealed she is the first to fall asleep during a movie while her beau, 36, is more likely to clean the house. 
The pair easily agreed that Blanco eats the most, but appeared to disagree when Gomez claimed he takes longer to get ready in the morning.
Neither of them had a strong opinion for the questions “Who’s the first to apologize during an argument?”, “Who spends more money?” and “Who snores the loudest?”
The “Eastside” hitmaker proudly pointed to himself for the question, “Who is more romantic?”, but Gomez showed her mixed response by waving her hands. 
He also pointed to himself for the question, “Who likes to be the big spoon?”
The couple strongly agreed that neither of them would forget Valentine’s Day.
Gomez and Blanco have been together since last summer but went public with their relationship in December 2023 when the “Wizards of Waverly Place” alum called her beau “the best thing that’s ever happened” to her on social media. 
They have not been shy about showing off their love, often taking to social media to share cozied up snaps with each other.  
In May, the Rare Beauty founder even said Blanco altered the course of her life by changing her plans to adopt a child by the age of 35 if she didn’t meet someone. 
“I just cherish every moment with him,” she added. “I don’t know what the future holds, but I do know that he’s not going anywhere anytime soon.”
The same month, Blanco admitted he thinks about having children with her “every day.”
He reasoned, “I just know that when I look at her, I just say, ‘I don’t know a world where it could be better than this.’ That’s what I always say to her.”
Before dating Blanco, Gomez was in an infamously off-and-on relationship with Justin Bieber, who worked with her now-beau several times over the years.
She and Bieber — who is now expecting his first child with Hailey Bieber — officially called it quits in early 2018.
Blanco, for his part, has kept his love life extremely private. However, he was previously linked to a model named Elsie Hewitt for several years.   
Advertisement