We chatted with the foodie of the moment ahead of the launch of her new meal kit with Green Chef. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
If you've ever thought to yourself, "Wow, I'd sure like Emily Mariko to help me cook dinner tonight," you're not alone. Because same. The foodie-turned-content creator—who first went viral on TikTok in 2021 with a leftover salmon rice bowl—has gained 12.7 million loyal followers on the app over the past few years, myself included. Her formula is simple: she posts ASMR videos of easy and delicious recipes, tickling brains and fancies everywhere in the process. And if you've ever wanted to chow down on the fruits of her labor, you're going to want to keep reading. 
I had the chance to sit down for a rare interview with Emily to chat about what's going on in her life at the moment. The highlights? Her pregnancy (which she announced in December!) and a new meal kit she created with Green Chef, which you can get delivered straight to your door starting March 4. We also talked dinner parties, farmer's market hauls, and how she makes her iconic recipe videos, soooo. Yeah. It's time to scroll down. 
Green Chef and I share a passion for really fresh food. They source high-quality ingredients and organic seasonal produce, just like what I use in my own recipes. So I'm really excited to team up with them. We created this beautiful collection of eight farm-fresh dishes that are so easy to make. [Editor's Note: Highlights include maple cauliflower bowls with seared tofu, sockeye salmon with sweet heat pan sauce, and ricotta pancakes with cherry maple syrup...yum.] Each one is a little different, and they're all so delicious.
Definitely. I think there's a spectrum, but in general, yes, every single recipe is super easy, and they come with recipe cards, step-by-step instructions with photos, and all of the ingredients ready for you. So the whole process is really simple. Promise!
Thank you! Honestly, I've been making bigger portions now, so that one cooking session will last me a couple of dinners, as opposed to cooking something different every night, which is what I used to do pre-pregnancy. My husband has also been cooking for me more!
I definitely do keep having cravings, and they'll last me about two weeks. Right now, it's Greek yogurt bowls, which is something that I never ate pre-pregnancy. Before that it was oranges—I would have three to four oranges at a time, it was crazy.
If it's your first time at a certain farmer's market, my strategy is always to do one full loop to see all the different stalls and then go back a second time to the ones that stood out to you the most. Also, I think if you're not going to get anything else, always get fruit, because you can really taste the difference. And then another tip is to look for stands that specialize in just one thing—for example, a peach stand, an avocado stand, or a fish stand—because they usually have the best quality produce.  
At farmer's markets, I'll see what's there, because it's always different every week, and I like to shop seasonally. But to fill in the rest of my week, I'll make a list and go to the grocery store.
I definitely agree with that. I love dinner parties. I have this group of six friends, it's three couples, and we all kind of switch off hosting. I think is the perfect size for a dinner party—it doesn't feel too intimidating.
Right now, in winter, it's roast chicken with yummy carrots and onions at the bottom. But in the summer? Grilled steaks and veggies—outdoors, of course.
I would say lean on the guests and have everyone bring something. That takes a lot of the pressure off. That way you can cook something that you're comfortable with, and everyone else can fill in the rest.
I would tell them to try to figure out what type of content they like to consume and then mimic whatever that is. And then experiment with different formats until they find something that sticks!
I honestly don't have any special trick! I just use my iPhone! It might be that the sound bounces off the kitchen island!? I don't use an external microphone or anything, believe it or not! 
You can grab the Green Chef x Emily Mariko meal kits from March 4 through March 25. Order (or read more!) right here. 
News Flash: You're Hosting a PowerPoint Night
Read This for Fun Birthday Activity Ideas 
Only the Best Birthday Wishes for Your Brother
115 Thoughtful Birthday Wishes for Your Husband
140 Knock-Knock Jokes Will Make Anyone Laugh
St. Patrick’s Day Party Ideas? We've Got 25
Need a Birthday Wish for Your Coworker? We Have 85
Megan Thee Stallion Just Dropped Her Own Tequila!
35 Tips for Throwing a Flawless V-Day Party
Her Are 100 Sweet Birthday Wishes for Boyfriends
Inside: Tuê Nguyễn's Famous Pandan Cinnamon Rolls
Halloween Party Games for Adults? I’m In
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.