The rapper was joined by a special, family-friendly guest.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Snoop Dogg had a special surprise (and a special guest) for his BFF and television icon Martha Stewart in honor of her 83rd birthday.
On Friday, Aug. 2, Snoop and Stewart reunited during the 2024 Paris Summer Olympics, before the rapper brought out a special someone to wish his partner in crime a happy birthday.
"Martha! Hi! Happy birthday,” Cookie Monster—yes, that famous cookie-gobbling monster from Sesame Street—shouted after surprising Stewart when he popped up from behind a table.
"You're so gorgeous," the forever-gracious Stewart replied.
"Thank you. You, too," Cookie Monster said, because living on Sesame Street means you mind your manners, folks!
Never one to be left out, Snoop Dogg also gave Cookie Monster a proper hello after the unconventional duo pulled off their covert birthday surprise.
“What’s happening, baby?” Snoop Dogg asked the blue furry monster.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
“We got D-o-double-g meets C-double-o-k-i-e.” Cookie Monster replied.
"I'm the biggest Cookie Monster fan in the world," Snoop Dogg admitted. "I can't believe Cookie is right next to me."
"In Paris!" Stewart chimed in, clearly delighted by her super secret birthday surprise. "In Paris, Snoop!" 
Access Hollywood shared a TikTok of the birthday surprise, to the delight of adults everywhere...because no one outgrows Sesame Street (or gets tired of Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg's unconventional friendship).
For the uninitiated, Stewart and Snoop first met on the set of the Stewart's cooking show, The Martha Stewart Show, in 2008. In a recent interview with Sports Illustrated, Stewart confessed that she was instantly and initially drawn to the rapper because of his “nice giggle” and “quest for learning."
“Well, Snoop came on my show, and what was really charming about Snoop, first of all, was his giggle. He giggles in a very, very nice way,” she told the publication at the time. “And his quest for learning! He is a real student, and that’s what really appealed to me.”
A post shared by Access Hollywood (@accesshollywood)
A photo posted by on 
Stewart went on to explain that the pair's relationship was "cemented" in 2015, when they sat next to each other during the Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber in 2015.
“All he did was smoke, and everybody was in such a good mood and we were all roasting each other,” she explained. “And luckily, Snoop’s secondhand smoke really kind of eased the pain for me a lot, and it was hysterical because I just felt, ‘Okay! I’ll go with the flow here.’
“After, like, six billion views around the world, it turned out to be one of the best things," she continued. "And it cemented my relationship with Snoop."
Danielle Campoamor is Marie Claire's weekend editor covering all things news, celebrity, politics, culture, live events, and more. In addition, she is an award-winning freelance writer and former NBC journalist with over a decade of digital media experience covering mental health, reproductive justice, abortion access, maternal mortality, gun violence, climate change, politics, celebrity news, culture, online trends, wellness, gender-based violence and other feminist issues. You can find her work in The New York Times, Washington Post, TIME, New York Magazine, CNN, MSNBC, NBC, TODAY, Vogue, Vanity Fair, Harper's Bazaar, Marie Claire, InStyle, Playboy, Teen Vogue, Glamour, The Daily Beast, Mother Jones, Prism, Newsweek, Slate, HuffPost and more. She currently lives in Brooklyn, New York with her husband and their two feral sons. When she is not writing, editing or doom scrolling she enjoys reading, cooking, debating current events and politics, traveling to Seattle to see her dear friends and losing Pokémon battles against her ruthless offspring. You can find her on X, Instagram, Threads, Facebook and all the places.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.