Sean “Diddy” Combs has stopped eating in jail as he fears being poisoned.
The rapper is 'paranoid' after being banged up and denied bail as he faces sex trafficking and racketeering charges.
Following the arrest of Hip-Hop mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs, 54, earlier this month reports have begun to circulate of the hip-hop mogul refusing to eat due to paranoia over food poisoning.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Combs is currently being held in the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, in the US. He is also awaiting trial on transportation to engage in prostitution charges. The 54-year-old has pleaded not guilty to all charges.
Despite Combs' legal team’s request for him to be released for $50 Million at bail and to be electronically monitored, a second judge refused Combs’ lawyers' request and labelled him as a flight risk.
Combs’ lawyers have stated that he is, “An innocent man with nothing to hide.”
Reporting on Combs’ hunger strike has originated from a former inmate at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn, Larry Levine. Levine claims he has an inside source close to the investigation in a recent interview with News Nation.
“He’s really, really paranoid. He’s really really scared. Doesn’t know what to think, he doesn’t know who to trust or what to believe,” Levine said.
Following his arrest Combs has recently been moved to suicide watch.
Levine has said that the food that Combs would receive would be cold and of poor quality with Metropolitan Detention Center being known for its poor inmate care and violent conditions.
“They feed the people in the shoe last”.
“There’s a lot of mould on that food. Maybe he got sick from the food, that's another possibility.”
Levine claims Combs' personal safety at the Metropolitan Detention Center is the primary concern fearing Diddy could die in custody like sex fiend Jeffrey Epstein in 2019.
In his interview with News Nation he said, “I’ve got people everyday saying: ‘Do you think they’re gonna Epstein him?’ And I go ‘well, I really don’t know.’”
“Imagine if someone paid someone off on the inside to poison his food, give him a heart attack and he dies”
Metropolitan Detention Center has held other high-profile inmates in the past such as R. Kelly and wife of Jeffery Epstien, Ghislaine Maxwell.
Prosecutors of the case say they have now interviewed more than 50 alleged victims and witnesses and the number is expected to continue to grow.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.