The Grammy-nominated rapper will release his new album, Better Me Than You, in August.

													By
												

	Lyndsey Havens


Big Sean has signed a new management deal with Brandon Silverstein’s S10 Entertainment, Billboard has learned. The Detroit rapper was previously managed by Roc Nation, with whom he had been for a decade.

	“Brandon shares the vision, understands where I’m headed, and I’m incredibly excited to work with him and the S10 team,” Sean said.

	The news comes on the heels of another major announcement: the Grammy-nominated artist recently revealed his sixth solo full length will arrive in August and is titled Better Me Than You. The album follows a return to the charts for Sean, who earlier this month hit No. 24 on the Hot 100 thanks to his feature on Eminem’s “Tobey” alongside BabyTron. It became his 55th entry on the chart. 

	“Big Sean is an incredible talent who, even after topping charts, breaking records, winning awards and headlining across the world, is just getting started,” says Silverstein, S10 founder and CEO. “I can’t wait for fans to hear the new music.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	As the artist wrote on social media after sharing the album’s release date: “Its Been a journey i cant wait to share with you all.”

	Over on the Billboard 200, the rapper has charted seven albums in the top 10. His last three solo albums — 2015’s Dark Sky Paradise, 2017’s I Decided and 2020’s Detroit 2 — all topped the chart. 

	So far, Big Sean has released the lead single “Yes,” on which he dismisses critics, rapping: “Would rather give y’all my soul, I don’t have to sell it.” He’s keeping busy outside of his own rollout as well, and last week appeared alongside Rick Ross and Lil Wayne on a new DJ Premier track titled “Ya Don’t Stop.”

	Silverstein currently manages Myke Towers. His previous management clients include Anitta and Normani. The company’s publishing division, S10 Publishing, boasts chart-topping clients including Jasper Harris (Tate McRae), Harv (Justin Bieber), Kavi (Tommy Richman) and more.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.