By 

	Kalia Richardson


Celine Dion paid her respects to the legendary producer Quincy Jones. On Tuesday, she reflected on his mentorship and the cherished moments the two spent in the recording studio. 

	“I am heartbroken to learn of the passing of my friend, the one and only musical genius, Quincy Jones,” Dion wrote in an Instagram post. “Quincy touched my world as both a cherished mentor and as also as someone I looked up to for his deep impact on virtually every form of American music.” 
A post shared by Céline Dion (@celinedion)

	In 2006, Dion recorded the Ennio Morricone song “I Knew I loved You” in Las Vegas alongside Jones and recording engineer Humberto Gatica. Alan and Marilyn Bergman, known for the Good Times theme song and Frank Sinatra’s “Nice N Easy,” wrote the lyrics.

	“I was privileged to work with Quincy, it was a dream come true,” Dion wrote. “In our sessions, his musical intuition was nothing short of profound — he helped me capture ‘a little piece of heaven.’ Quincy always knew exactly what each song needed.”

	










	Dion also praised Jones’ work in philanthropy, particularly his contributions to the arts, global famine, and marginalized youth. In February 2010, Dion worked with Jones again in the recording of “We Are the World” to benefit Haiti, a remake of the 1985 charity single of the same name that aided those suffering from famine in Africa. The Quincy-produced song also featured dozens of other artists, including Lil Wayne, Pink, Fergie and Justin Bieber.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Dion’s tribute adds to the many artists — including Jamie Foxx, Stevie Wonder, Paul McCartney, Toto’s Steve Lukather — who have paid tribute to the late musician.

	“Quincy once said, ‘Music is the soul of the universe,'” Dion wrote. “It connects us all on a level that words alone cannot reach.’ May his wisdom and joy remain with us always.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.