Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
From Sofia Richie's fresh wedding makeup to TikTok-trending skincare, here's how to get the best deals on Hollywood's most coveted beauty products. 

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	One of life’s greatest thrills: tracking down a deal for something you’ve been hyper-fixating on. So, after scouring the web for the best of beauty (as we so often do) we landed upon an absolute gold mine of products loved by celebrities and influencers alike for a fraction of the price at Walmart.

	While it’s no secret that the Supercenter has some crazy-good savings, people often forget just how many luxury and trending items Walmart sells. With a massive inventory of premium brands like Nuface, Lancer, Eve Lom and Anastasia Beverly Hills, in addition to affordable favorites from Mario Badescu, Physicians Formula and The Ordinary, Walmart is one of our favorite spots to score big for less. It’s also home to hundreds of exclusive products, like designer-inspired perfume from Dossier, glowy skin essentials from ITK Skincare and colorful hair accessories by The Home Edit.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	Remember the Butter Bronzer and Maybelline Lash Sensational Mascara that went viral from Sofia Richie’s timeless wedding weekend look? Both are currently on sale at Walmart. Maybe you’ve been meaning to try Olaplex’s strengthening hair treatment or Laneige’s hydrating lip mask? You guessed it — now’s the time to get your hands on them for less. And we certainly can’t forget blushes, brushes and contour sticks from Drew Barrymore’s cruelty-free cosmetics brand Flower Beauty.

	Whether you’re browsing gifts for loved ones, stocking up on tried-and-true favorites or looking to take your day-to-night routine to the next level, we narrowed down the top celeb-backed makeup, skincare, fragrance and haircare products. Here are 10 of the best beauty products to shop on sale at Walmart.
		Deemed by Sofia Richie as one of her “secret faves” in a viral TikTok video, the Physicians Formula Butter Bronzer is the easiest way to get that enviable sun-kissed glow. Use the included sponge applicator or do like Sofia and apply with a big fluffy brush.	
		On the topic of Sofia Richie’s effortless beauty routine, you can score her go-to mascara (and the one she wore during her jaw-dropping wedding) for just $9. Richie’s makeup artist Pati Dubroff used the waterproof formula for her big day (had to prepare for the ceremony tears), but for everyday use, the washable version may be your best bet. 	
		One of the best shopping hacks of all time is purchasing luxury advent calendars after the holiday season. Exhibit A: this beauty bundle valued at $141 featuring a variety of best-selling brands. Filled with Patchology Rose Eye Gels, Mario Badescu Pimple Patches, the Slip Silk Scrunchie and loads more favorites, this is the definition of bang for your buck.	
 Celebrity hairstylists swear by Olaplex to reverse damage and ensure your healthiest hair moving forward. The best-selling Olaplex No. 3 is an easy-to-use at-home hair treatment that reconnects broken bonds, especially important for those who have dabbled in chemical processes.	
		Featuring a rich combination of 10 matte and shimmery tones, Drew Barrymore’s eyeshadow palette is the secret to achieving an anything-but-boring makeup look. If you’re new to eyeshadow and not quite ready to commit to a pricey palette, this option from Flower Beauty is a no-brainer. Plus, it comes with a professional-grade eyeshadow brush that makes application a breeze.	
		Dossier is famous for selling luxury fragrances at wallet-friendly prices. So, while Alexa Chung and Justin Bieber are just a couple of celebrities known to sport Santal 33, Dossier’s Le Labo-inspired fragrance features the same notes for a sliver of the cost. 	
		One of the most viral beauty finds of the past year, Laneige’s signature lip mask is worth every bit of hype. Available in four vitamin C-rich scents, this product works just as well as a daily lip balm as it does an intensive overnight treatment.	
		The Hollywood elite (and their makeup artists) swear by eye patches before hitting the red carpet, and these Peter Thomas Roth gel patches are an influencer and celebrity favorite (Lindsay Lohan even starred in the brand’s 2023 campaign). Filled with cucumber extract to help detoxify, nourish, hydrate and de-puff the under-eye area, this is hands-down the most relaxing addition to your beauty and wellness routine.	
		Known for sculpting the brows of the rich and famous, Anastasia Soare creates cult classic products that’ll help you achieve her iconic look at home. One of her most popular tools, the Brow Wiz, creates hair-like strokes for a full yet natural finish.	
		If you’re looking for a new moisturizer that’s equal parts lightweight and hydrating, look no further than the Hydro Boost Water Gel from Neutrogena. It’s famous on TikTok for offering the same results as luxury brand water-based formulas without the high price tag. 	
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.