Hailey Bieber is not holding back when it comes to defending her husband, Justin Bieber. The Rhode Beauty founder took to social media to call out Billboard after the publication ranked Justin eighth on their list of the “Greatest Pop Stars of the 21st Century.”
The countdown, which has been rolling out over the past few weeks, placed Justin behind major names like Kanye West, Britney Spears, Lady Gaga, Drake, and Rihanna. While securing the eighth spot is no small feat, Hailey made it clear she felt her husband deserved better.
On November 21, a screenshot of Hailey’s bold comment on Billboard’s Instagram page began making the rounds online.
“Billboard is a f-cking joke as per usual,” she wrote, punctuating her message with a kiss emoji.
The viral comment, originally reported by Newsweek, showcases Hailey’s unwavering support for Justin and her readiness to speak out when she feels he’s being undervalued.
Justin Bieber, who burst onto the scene as a teen pop sensation with hits like “Baby,” has spent over a decade evolving as an artist. From dominating charts with albums like Purpose and Justice to scoring viral hits like “Peaches” and “Sorry,” his influence on pop culture is undeniable.
His placement at number eight is undoubtedly impressive, considering the fierce competition in the 21st-century music landscape. However, Hailey’s reaction reflects the belief held by many fans—that Justin’s contributions to pop music place him in a league of his own.
By: Michelle |
November 22, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, GOSSIP, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!