Snoop Dogg’s takeover of the 2024 Paris Olympics has been insane to see. In his latest move, he surprised his longtime friend Martha Stewart with a birthday cake with the help of Cookie Monster in a televised moment that had to be a first for the Olympics.
Martha Stewart turns 83 today (August 3) so to celebrate her birthday before the weekend, Snoop linked up with her and Access Hollywood in Paris to surprise her with the help of Sesame Street’s iconic cookie-obsessed fanatic.
“Martha! Hi! Happy birthday,” said Cookie Monster before spelling out Dogg (“D-o-double-g”) and Cookie (C-double-o-k-i-e).”
Cookie Monster then revealed a one-of-a-kind, all macaron cake to celebrate Martha’s big day. “Oh, Cookie Monster, you’re so sweet,” she said. In another posted video, Cookie Monster gets with Snoop to dance to “Drop It Like It’s Hot” beside the cake.
Snoop’s big moment with Martha is his latest big Olympic moment. Ahead of this year’s opening ceremony, he walked the Olympic torch throughout the streets of Paris where he also stopped to dance to his 1993 single, “Who Am I (What’s My Name?).”
He also got the chance to film a special segment with NBA and 28-time Olympian and former professional swimmer Michael Phelps. The hilarious segment featured Snoop learning how to do synchronized swimming.
“Man, this is a grind out here,” said Snoop when speaking about his Olympic experience so far to NBC’s Mike Tirico. “But I’m having so much fun.”
“Mike, I may be the MVP of the Olympics, just saying,” he continued.
Snoop looked like he was having a blast celebrating his friend of 16 years (and counting). They met back in 2008 when Snoop joined Martha on The Martha Stewart show to make mashed potatoes.
Since then, they’ve collaborated on different commercials, a couple of TV shows that are built off the strength of their friendship, and, wildly enough, the Comedy Central roast of Justin Bieber.
Back in 2018, Snoop recounted his experience with Martha at the roast while on the Howard Stern Show — revealing that he believes he gave her a contact high.
“By the time she gets up there to tell her jokes, she’s whacked out of her head but she steals the fucking show,” he said. “She was loose as a goose, high as a motherfucker, and she went up there and killed it.”
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Snoop Dogg Urges People Calling His Goat Chain 'Satanic' to 'Leave Me the F*ck Alone'
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Snoop Dogg Calls Dr. Dre 'Big Brother' and 'Protector' in Conversation About 30-Year Friendship
style | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Snoop Dogg Says He's 'Always' Collected Bags, Won't Call It a Man Purse 'Cause It Ain't'
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.