Hailey and Justin Bieber are parents! On Saturday, August 24, Justin announced the birth of their first child and revealed the little one’s name: Jack Blues Bieber.
“Welcome home,” the pop star captioned the Instagram announcement, which showed the baby’s tiny foot and Hailey’s hand.
Hailey first revealed her pregnancy with a striking maternity photo and video shoot with Justin back in May, celebrating the news in a white lace dress and headscarf. "I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time. I didn’t have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which is when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff,” she told ABC News in July. “I probably could have hid it until the end, but I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly. I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
The Rhode mogul’s maternity ’fits didn’t stray too far from her pre-pregnancy style—especially when it came to footwear. Hailey was spotted throughout her pregnancy rocking heels, which she has paired with everything from sheer lace bodysuits to more casual denim looks. Even when she wore more comfortable loafers (shockingly without Gen Z–approved socks) for one date night, she paired the flats with a fashion-forward bubble minidress.
June 22, 2024, in New York City
June 23, 2024
June 23, 2024
June 26, 2024
While Hailey Bieber kept her baby’s gender a secret throughout her pregnancy, fans of the model searched her nails for clues, assuming a pink floral manicure indicated baby Bieber was going to be a girl—and maybe even have a floral-leaning name. Turns out they were wrong.
Hailey hasn’t posted her own baby reveal yet, but she clearly signed off on her husband’s announcement, so—unlike with close friend Kylie Jenner—we can assume she won’t be keeping her child off social media for an extended period of time.
Of course, what really matters is that Justin and Hailey Bieber have welcomed a happy and healthy child to their family. Welcome to the world, Baby Biebs!
Parents, you might be too emotionally invested in Bluey
Can a $200 Instagram class really make you a better mother?
Inside the (annoying?) rise of Cocomelon
How Fisher-Price’s ‘Purple Monkey’ Mat Became a viral hit
Breast pumps are now chic, by the way
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices