"We're gonna do something else in the future," the superstar teased.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	As electric as Usher‘s Halftime Show performance at the 2024 Super Bowl was, fans couldn’t help but be a little bummed that a much-rumored Justin Bieber reunion didn’t take place Sunday (Feb. 11) at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas. 

	But in a recent interview, the 45-year-old superstar revealed that he did indeed ask Bieber to join him during the show — before explaining why an appearance from his one-time protégé wasn’t in the cards. “It didn’t work out with Justin,” Usher told iHeartRadio’s Breakfast Club on Friday (Feb. 16). “I honor and recognize that my brother, I think that it might’ve been the fact that he’s just wanting to tell a different story right now. And I understand that.”

	










	“But, we did have a brief conversation,” the “Yeah!” singer said. “We’re gonna do something else in the future. No love lost or anything like that. It’s a lot of pressure for the Super Bowl, obviously.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Usher also predicted that, in a few years’ time, it’ll be the “Peaches” musician who headlines the big game. “He deserves it,” he said.

	Though Bieber didn’t accompany Usher on the Super Bowl stage, he did watch from the stands at Allegiant alongside Hailey Bieber. The “My Boo” artist wasn’t without company during his performance, either; Ludacris, Lil Jon, will.i.am and Alicia Keys all made appearances throughout the show.

	Afterward, Bieber made sure to congratulate Usher on Instagram. “LOVE YOU MY BROTHER,” he wrote. “NOONE CAN SING AND DANCE THE WAY YOU DO. LOVE YOU FROM THE DEPTHS OF MY HEART.”

	Watch Usher open up about the Bieber reunion that wasn’t meant to be below.
A post shared by The Breakfast Club (@breakfastclubam)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.