Earlier this year, a photo of Chris Evans seemingly signing an item resembling a missile or bomb led to online speculation that he was writing on a missile bound for Gaza.
The picture received considerable criticism online, prompting the ‘Captain America’ actor to respond to the rumors on social media.
A post on X (formerly Twitter) on February 5, 2024, remarked that “Captain America signing bombs to drop on children is the most American thing he’s ever done,” alluding to Evans’ well-known portrayal of the Marvel Comics superhero.
Similarly, a post on Facebook alleged, “Captain America actor Chris Evans signs an Israeli bomb that will kill innocent civilians in Gaza.”
Evans responded in a post on Instagram on Thursday, May 30, 2024, by sharing his explanation and a screenshot from AFP’s website quoting the US Air Force.
“There’s a lot if misinformation surrounding this picture. Some clarification: This image was taken during a USO tour in 2016. I went with a group of actors, athletes and musicians to show appreciation for our service members. The object I was asked to sign is not a bomb, or a missile or a weapon of any kind.It’s an inert object used for training or display purposes only. You can read the quote from the Air Force in the next story,“ read a caption from the actor’s Instagram Stories.
This speculation coincides with the “Blackout 2024” trend, where celebrities, including Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber, and Taylor Swift, have faced criticism for maintaining silence during the Gaza conflict, resulting in a loss of followers.
According to the AFP, the apparent weapon in the photo of Evans was not meant for the battlefield.
“The object Chris Evans is signing in the USO tour photo from 2016 is an explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) inert training aid,” the spokesperson said. “The object is meant to model an artillery shell and is for display and training purposes only.”
This was also fact-checked by Reuters.
Like most websites, Socialite Life uses affiliate links where available, which means we earn a little commission if you click through and buy something. Also, as Amazon Influencers, we earn from qualifying purchases. Savings shown are those from the date and time of this article’s publication.
Last update on 2025-05-03 / Affiliate links / Images from Amazon Product Advertising API
Sign in to your account
 Remember me