The event for Rhode’s Barrier Butter product was Hailey's first major event since welcoming son Jack Blues in August
Kevin Mazur/Getty
 Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber got cozy while celebrating her skincare line Rhode's newest product.

 On Friday, Oct. 25, Justin, 30, shared a strip of pictures from a cuddly photo booth session with Hailey, 27, taken at the Oct. 23 launch party of his wife's Barrier Butter product at Funke in Beverly Hills, Calif.

 The Instagram Stories photo strip also featured a logo of Rhode, which Hailey launched in June 2022. For the event, Hailey wore an oversized Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello gray blazer jacket with matching pants, a striped shirt and a maroon patterned tie. She finished off the business chic look with glasses and rocked a slicked-back bun.

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Meanwhile, Justin sported a tan hat and plaid collared button-down jacket with baggy gray pants. He completed the look with sunglasses.

 Hailey supported Justin days before at the Oct. 19 Don Toliver concert in Los Angeles, where Justin made a surprise appearance onstage. She was spotted dancing along in the crowd.

 The couple's night out marked the first post-baby event for the model, who welcomed Jack Blues in August. An insider told PEOPLE at the time that the new parents and their infant son were "doing well" at home.

 "They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well," the source told PEOPLE in August. "Hailey's doing well, too."

Diggzy/Shutterstock
 They announced that they were expecting a child in May 2024 with an Instagram video that also featured their vow renewal. In July, another insider told PEOPLE about how they were preparing to become first-time parents as a couple.
"They're ready to become parents. They're planning for the baby's arrival and it's very cute," a Justin source told PEOPLE at the time. "They are super committed to their marriage, but also to being the best parents possible."

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 
Hailey and Justin's relationship dates back to when they first met in 2009 at a fan meet-and-greet. The couple dated briefly in the mid-2010s, eventually reuniting in 2018 and getting engaged not long after.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)