Justin Bieber couldn’t help but gush over his wife Hailey’s blossoming baby bump in new photos.
The “Peaches” hitmaker, 30, took to Instagram Thursday night to share a series of snaps in which the Rhode founder, 27, can be seen cradling her bump.
In the images, the couple — who wed in 2018 — share a sweet kiss as Hailey has her bump on display underneath a partially unbuttoned jacket. 
In the next snap, Hailey wore an oversized blazer atop a white shirt, which was unbuttoned to show off the bump.
She teamed the casual look up with baggy jeans and black loafers.
Justin, for his part, rocked a leather jacket atop a white shirt and a pair of black trousers. 
While Justin didn’t caption the post, Hailey re-posted it to her Instagram Story, writing, “Mom n Dad fr.”
Hours later, the “Sorry” hitmaker shared another post on Instagram of his wife’s blossoming baby bump.
“They wish baby, they wish,” he captioned a series of images showing the Rhode founder cradling her bump, and some selfies of himself in Tokyo, Japan.
The lovebirds announced that they were expecting their first child on May 9.
They shared the exciting news in a slew of Instagram photos from their vow renewal ceremony in Hawaii, with Hailey donning a white lace Saint Laurent dress and matching veil for the occasion.
She caressed her bump while posing with Justin who kept it casual in a bomber jacket, black jeans and a baseball cap.
The model is reportedly six months pregnant, which means baby Bieber may arrive by the end of the summer.
It’s no secret that the couple were trying to expand their family.
In 2020, Justin told Ellen DeGeneres that he will have as many kids “as Hailey is wishing to push out.”
He noted that it was up to her when they started expanding their family. “It’s her body and whatever she wants to do,” he explained. “I think she wants to have a few.”
Furthermore, in his 2021 “Justin Bieber: Our World” documentary, the pop singer said he wanted to “start trying” to conceive a child that year.
Advertisement