Beauty and a baby.
Hailey Bieber gave a rare glimpse of her family of three while on a walk with husband Justin Bieber and their son, Jack.
The model, 28, included the sweet snap in a new Instagram slideshow documenting “November aka the best month of the year.”
Hailey was all smiles with her 3-month-old strapped to her chest in a carrier while she covered them both in an oversized Phoebe Philo shearling coat that’s worth a whopping £15,000, or $18,971.
She completed her casual look with a Fila baseball cap and Gucci sunglasses named after her ($420), while Justin, 30, sported a similarly cozy camouflage ensemble.
The top of Jack’s head could be seen in a gray hat and blue hoodie.
While Hailey did not share more photos of the infant in the upload, she did bare her postpartum belly in a mirror selfie taken in a crop top.
She also posted pictures of herself enjoying a martini and cinnamon rolls.
The former “Drop the Mic” host gave birth to her little one in August, three months after her pregnancy news made headlines.
Hailey debuted her baby bump in May with PDA-filled snaps from her and Justin’s vow renewal ceremony, where she looked very bridal in a white lace Saint Laurent gown and new Tiffany bling.
The couple have been married since September 2018 and had a second ceremony the following year.
The “Baby” singer was the first to post an Instagram photo of their son, showing only his hand. The pair also kept the little one’s face hidden in their Halloween family photos in October.
For her part, Hailey has let her social media followers in on how she and Justin honor the little one with their fashion, from blinged-out necklaces to custom hats.
Prior to her pregnancy, the former ballerina explained to the Sunday Times why she wanted her future children to feel “loved and safe” while being raised in the public eye.
“I literally cry about it all the time,” she admitted at the time. “It’s enough that people say things about my husband or my friends. I can’t imagine having to confront people saying things about a child.”
Advertisement