Honestly, the scariest part about meeting Shaq anywhere — the basketball court, the grocery store, anywhere — is that he has the insecurity radar of a gaggle of middle school kids. He’ll verbally cross you up and break your ankles before you can even utter his one-syllable name. 
A representative sampling of Simmons to Olbermann: “You’re my worst-case scenario for my career in 12 yrs: a pious, unlikable blowhard who lives alone.”
Olbermann’s response: “This assumes that Mr. Simmons’ career now is where mine was twelve years ago (anchoring SportsCenter, then my own MSNBC political show, anchoring NBC Weekend Nightly News, writing a best-selling sports book, etc). In fact, this assumes that this is Mr. Simmons’ career, which is remarkable. Also, anybody who could write as many words without saying anything of consequence really should throw around the word ‘blowhard’ as frequently as he would a street sewer cover.”
“I recently read Spade’s memoir, Almost Interesting. Actually, I’m lying. You really think the first book I pick up in 20 years is gonna be by the guy who played Dickie Roberts, former child star? I don’t think so. By the way, David, that title, Almost Interesting, talk about false advertising. Now, if you wanted to be honest you should have called it Almost Tall Enough to Ride a Roller Coaster.”
“He’s a crook and a puppet, said I was the dirtiest player in the league. If that man was on fire and I had to piss to put him out, I wouldn’t do it. I hate him and will never respect him.”
“Kevin is the only celebrity with a star on the yellow brick road.”
“At the end of the day, all the people that were rooting for me to fail, tomorrow they have to wake up and have the same life that they had before they woke up today. They got the same personal problems they had today. And I’m going to continue to live the way I want to live and continue to do the things I want to do.”
“Look, for real. I know we’re all here making fun of Caitlyn, but honestly, I want to take this moment to publicly thank you. As an athlete, I want to thank you for your bravery, and as a human I want to thank you for the doors you’ve opened. And on behalf of the entire NBA and half of the rappers on the Billboard charts, I want to thank you for giving your daughters their daddy issues.”
“It’s not that he’s playing badly. He’s simply playing badly by Tiger’s standards. He’s playing like an ordinary golfer.”
A brief timeline: In 2007, Rodney Harrison was suspended for using HGH. In 2009, as an NBC analyst, Harrison criticized Terrell Owens for something or other. Quickly thereafter, TO hit him with this low-effort, high-impact bull’s-eye.
“Kentucky has a heck of a punter, I know that.”
“Seriously, Justin, I love you. You’re a platinum recording artist. Give it up. You’re a model. Give it up. You’re a sex symbol. Give it up. I just want to say, Justin Timberlake, I fucking love you.”
“Why should we have to go to class if we came here to play FOOTBALL, we ain’t come to play SCHOOL, classes are POINTLESS”
“Pete Davidson asked to take a picture with me, and I didn’t even realize he was one of the comedians. I told him, ‘Don’t give up, kid. Whatever disease you have you can beat it.’”
“Our team is worth $1.5 BILLION, but it wouldn’t be fair to other students if we get a free hamburger”
“I’ve never in my life tried to go at you and your suits and such. Tonight, I am stressing: You take this outfit home, and you burn it. We don’t want to see this. I know you don’t double-back with your outfits, I’ve never seen you in an outfit twice. But you take this right here… You take this home, and you burn it. 
“So when you get done with this, you should be butt-ass naked, and burn it. And the shoes too, just burn them. Don’t ask no questions, just burn them. The red socks, which people can’t see at home, take all this handkerchief, lime thong, all that. Burn it, okay?”