Victoria's Secret top model, Hailey Bieber, who has graced several of their recent print ads and commercials over the past year, was noticeably absent from the fashion show in New York City on Tuesday
While her friends friends Gigi and Bella Hadid dominated the runway, Hailey, 27, was nowhere to be seen at the fashion show. After fans were left baffled as to why the new mum didn't show her face at the prestigious event, an insider has now claimed that Hailey 'has a lot going on at the moment' - and didn't feel it was the right thing to do to attend the fashion show in New York.
Hailey, who is a new mother to Jack Blues, the baby son she shares with husband Justin Bieber, welcomed her little boy into the world on August 22 this year. Since then, Hailey has been busy caring for her first child, and has put her family first before everything else.
However, there appear to be other reasons keeping Hailey at home. The whispers about P Diddy and her strained relationship with her father Stephen Baldwin are among them. A source told Mail Online: "Hailey is very aware that she needs to avoid stress during her postpartum era because she is in a delicate place and her health is a top priority. It was only two years ago that she had heart surgery."
In March 2022, Hailey suffered stroke-like symptoms and was hospitalised. Doctors discovered a blood clot had travelled from her heart to her brain, causing a transient ischemic attack (TIA), or mini-stroke. She underwent surgery to close the hole in her heart.
Meanwhile, another reason for her absence fashion show could be down to the fact that Justin's name has been frequently mentioned in connection with the shocking P Diddy arrest. The rapper stands accused of drugging underage boys and girls, and engaging in sexual activities with them.
In recent months, there has been plenty of speculation that Justin was involved in the wild P Diddy parties when he was a budding singer, having been introduced to the scene by Usher.
The numerous snaps of Justin and Diddy partying together only fuel these rumours. Adding more grist to the mill are the songs penned by Justin, which delve into the dark side of fame.
Hailey tied the knot with Justin in 2018, and the couple recently announced the birth of their first born son. In addition to being a well-known model, the 27-year-old is the founder of Rhode Beauty, a viral, It-girl makeup and skincare brand which she launched in 2022.
Since getting married, Justin and Hailey's combined net worth is said to be around $300 million, with an annual income of nearly $80 million thanks to Justin's success.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.