Hailey Bieber looked incredible as she slipped into a cut-out swimsuit – leaving hardly anything to the imagination.
Justin Bieber’s wife put her tanned form on full display while taking a stroll on the white sands of a beach to celebrate Easter. The 27-year-old slipped into a black one-piece swimsuit with gold braided straps stretching around her bare back and just a scrap of fabric between her and an Instagram ban.
Rising into a halter-neck, the cut-out garment featured a tiny thong bottom and very little else, displaying swathes of side-boob as Hailey took a leaf out of Bianca Censori’s book and embraced the panel-dress style swimwear. A huge pair of white fluffy bunny ears were fixed on her head, with a strap stretching under the Rhode Beauty founder’s chin.
READ MORE: Final Destination creator 'escaped' serial killer in ‘scariest ever experience’
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Hailey knelt in the sand, letting it cover her damp thighs as she gazed into the camera. She swiped on a dark peach pout and metallic gold shadow across her eyelids while going barefoot, later grabbing a drink and gazing at her phone as she made her way along some scrubby grass.
Adding a white heart and bunny emoji to her post, Hailey showed off even more as she turned away from the camera, confirming her metal swimsuit straps criss-crossed over her toned shoulders. Later, she showed off the matching Easter eggs she and her Baby hitmaker hubby treated themselves to, with their names neatly inked in icing over the chocolate shell.
It comes after Hailey’s dad Stephen Baldwin raised concerns for the pair by asking his followers to “pray” for the couple, reposting a video of Justin with his guitar and singing the hymn I Will Sing of Your Love Forever. He wrote alongside the video: “Christians, please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw them closer to the Lord.
“I seldom like to post about certain folks in the limelight because of the negative comments we get. Eileen and Hailey’s mom pray often together for J&H and our children as well. There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn’t want them to draw closer to Jesus.
“So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage and life in general. So thank you." Concerns flooded in from worried fans, one of whom penned: “Why did her dad ask for prayers???”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
Another added: “What happened? Are they okay??” Someone else said: “Been praying for Justin and Hailey for a while they are a beautiful couple and I hope their marriage will sustain and Justin’s health is getting better too.”
Justin was forced to cancel one leg of his 2022 Justice tour after being diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt Syndrome, a virus that he says “attacks the nerve in my ear and my facial nerve” and “caused facial paralysis”.
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.