Canadian pop star Justin Bieber was 'thrown to the wolves' by being exposed to the controversial rapper and music producer P Diddy.
The 54-year-old, who has been charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution, developed a close relationship with Bieber during his rise to fame.
Last month P Diddy (real name Sean Combs) was arrested and currently awaits trial. Over 50 witnesses and victims claim they're willing to expose the depravity of his 'criminal enterprise'.
READ MORE: Wayne Rooney's £150k bid for a wild party with P Diddy before Coleen stepped in
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Consequently, concerns have been raised on why he was allowed to become a mentor-like figure to a teenage Bieber. One source told the the Daily Mail, that he "should never have been allowed to party with Diddy or anyone else when he was a teen."
The individual added that Bieber was 'thrown to the wolves'.
Singer Usher, famous for tracks like 'DJ Got Us Fallin' In Love', was also mentored by and lived with Diddy during his rise up the ranks of the music industry.
READ MORE: P Diddy's admits 'secret' as he slams Lindsay Lohan and Jessica Simpson in resurfaced clip
In 2016, when asked by Howard Stern whether he'd let his own son live with the man now infamous for his 'Freak Out parties', he replied: "No."
He's also claimed that Diddy introduced him to sex and drugs when he was far too young. In 2010, Usher told MTV he 'wouldn't pass on any of the advice he gave me.'
In 2011, Bieber and P Diddy did an interview with Jimmy Kimmel, in which the host asked the singer, who was just 16 at the time, what he does with his mentor when they hang out as friends.
Combs interjected, saying: "He knows better than to be talking about the things he does with big brother Puff on national television. Everything ain't for everybody."
While Bieber has yet to comment on the accusations aimed at his old mentor, fans have looked into his old songs, wondering what his lyrics could mean.
In his hit 'Lonely', Bieber says: "And everybody saw me sick/And it felt like no one gave a s**t/ They criticized the things I did as an idiot kid."
In November 2009, at the age of just 15, Bieber seemingly spent a 48-hour unsupervised period at the New Yorker's home.
Bieber uploaded a video to YouTube taken during this time, in which his mentor turns to the camera and says: "He's having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out [sic] and what we're doing we can't really disclose.
'But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream. We're gonna go full, buck full crazy'."
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.