Getty (2)
As past videos of a young Justin Bieber with Sean “Diddy” Combs resurface amid the rapper’s legal issues, Kourtney Kardashian wants to be there to support her former fling, a source exclusively tells In Touch. However, her husband, Travis Barker, isn’t having it – and it’s causing tension in their relationship.
“Travis swears he’s not at all threatened by Justin, but he just finds it extremely disrespectful,” the insider says. “Everyone knows [Justin and Kourtney] hooked up, whether Kourtney wants to admit it or not, and just from an ego perspective, Travis can’t handle the idea of people thinking she’s close to him again.”
Justin, 30 and Kourtney, 45, have never confirmed the exact nature of their past relationship, but they were romantically linked following the reality star’s 2015 split from Scott Disick. They’ve both moved on – Kourtney married Travis, 48, in 2022 and gave birth to their son in November 2023, while Justin and Hailey Bieber tied the knot in 2018 and welcomed son Jack in August – but In Touch’s source says the Lemme founder would love to be friends with her ex again.
“Travis is very possessive of Kourtney and doesn’t want her spending time with anyone else, really, let alone a guy she used to have a thing with,” the insider adds. “Ultimately, Kourtney is not going to disrespect Travis and go against his wishes, but at the same time, it is annoying to her. She wishes he would just get over it and act more mature. She has zero interest in Justin romantically. She’s just concerned for him like everyone else is and thinks he could use some support.”
After Diddy, 54, was arrested on charges of sex trafficking and racketeering in September, his past questionable behavior with Justin came to light. Past videos of the two began resurfacing, many of which were taken when Justin was still a minor.
In one video, which was filmed when Justin was 15 years old and posted to his YouTube account at the time, Diddy said, “So, check this out, yo. Justin – have you ever seen the movie 48 Hours? Right now, he’s having 48 hours with Diddy where we hanging out and what we’re doing we can’t really disclose. But it’s definitely a 15-year-old’s dream.” The “I’ll Be Missing You” rapper later added, “I don’t have legal guardianship of [Justin] but for the next 48 hours he’s with me and we’re gonna go buck full crazy.”
The two also appeared together on Jimmy Kimmel Live! when Justin was 16. “He knows better than to be talking about the things that he does with Big Brother Puff on national television,” Diddy revealed at the time.
The “Sorry” hitmaker has not publicly commented on Diddy’s arrest. Instead, he has been laying low with wife Hailey, 27, and their newborn son. “It’s like he’s fallen off the map since Diddy’s arrest and all the sick details coming out. People are genuinely worried about him,” a source previously told In Touch. “Dealing with that and being a new dad probably has him stressed as hell.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. InTouch Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
InTouch Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
InTouch Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: