Shania Twain made her love for Scots very clear on Tuesday evening when she took to the stage at Stirling City Park in a tartan skirt by a Scottish designer.
The country star performed at Stirling's Summer Sessions in a half-tartan, half-leopard print mini skirt which was created by award winning designer Siobhan Mackenzie.
The 58-year-old who wowed crowds of over 20,000 outside of Stirling Castle yesterday evening has now taken to Instagram to gush over her Scottish fans and credit the local designer, who she said is very "talented".
Shania uploaded a snap of her on stage in Stirling alongside the caption: "Scotland, that was incredible!
"Playing in front of the 800+ year old Stirling Castle felt very magical and I had to mark the occasion of course - an iconic kilt for an iconic setting!! Tartan meets leopard print. Made by the talented @siobhan_mackenzie."
Fashion designer Siobhan posted footage of Shania's performance to her 27.2k Instagram followers last night as she wrote: "The new Queen of Scotland. Thank you for wearing my brand", alongside a Saltire and a crown emoji.
Siobhan, who originally hails from The Black Isle in the Highlands of Scotland, has a strong tartan themed design throughout her creations.
Her official website states that "Her Highland heritage and Clan Mackenzie roots inspired her graduate collection and have remained a firm inspiration transcending throughout the brand."
Siobhan, who launched her own self-made label in 2014 when she was just 21-years-old, is now an award winning designer who focuses largely on sustainability.
Shania Twain is not the first famous face to have worn her creations either as the designer has also had clients such as Justin Bieber and Thirty Seconds to Mars band members, Jared and Shannon Leto.
On her website, she also states that she has done business with Caorunn Gin, LVMH group & Team Scotland for The Commonwealth Games.
The country hitmaker also made her love for Scotland even clearer when she chose local Lanarkshire singer, Paul Clark to join her on her Queen of me world tour as a backing vocalist.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Paul, who hails from Salsburgh, was on stage with Shania yesterday evening and wowed crowds as the pair harmonised together during an acoustic performance of her 1997 track From This Moment On.
He also joined her at Glastonbury last weekend on the iconic pyramid stage, dubbing the experience as a "life long dream" that he's "ticked off of the bucket list".
Paul, who previously completed a HND music course at New College Lanarkshire (NCL) in 2022 first caught the 'Man! I Feel Like A Woman!' hitmaker's eye on the talent show Starstruck, which she was a judge on.
A few months later, the Scots singer uploaded a cover of the track Waking up Dreaming from Shania's new album to YouTube.
After seeing the clip, Shania immediately reached out to Paul and he was asked to come along and audition for her tour.
Her performance at Stirling City Park comes just days after receiving backlash for her "terrible" debut performance at Glastonbury during the Legend Slots, as the Record previously reported.
However, the blame appears to have fallen on festival bosses for their poor audio and sound system issues which not only caused problems during Shania's performance but also with Cyndi Lauper's Saturday set.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.