Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Eurovision star Sam Ryder will be performing at Stockton Globe in December.
Tickets are on sale for the The TikTok sensation and Spaceman singer's concert at the Teesside theatre. The singer, songwriter and newly anointed household name of the United Kingdom Sam Ryder, blew the socks off roughly 161 million viewers when he took to the stage on 14 May, 2022, at Turin's PalaOlimpico for the Eurovision Song Contest.
His debut album There's Nothing But Space, Man! is a catalogue of pop that soared to the number one spot in 2022. Having received his first ever BRIT Award nomination for Breakthrough artist and closing out the BRIT Awards 2023.
Since Space Man gave the United Kingdom its best Eurovision result since 1998 and the highest-charting UK Eurovision entry in over quarter of a century, Sam has since sound tracked many of the pivotal moments in entertainment of recent years from Eurovision to the Queen’s Jubilee, Wembley Stadium, the Formula 1 Grand Prix at Silverstone and the National Television Awards and Capital’s Jingle Bell Ball. Sam also received his first ever Emmy nomination for the Ted Lasso original song Fought & Lost.
Sam’s musical story dates back to the early 2000s. During a school science lesson a young Sam turned to the back of his exercise book and wrote out a ten-step plan for getting signed by a record label. The sound of his first major gig — Iron Maiden, the night before — was still ringing in his ears, and for the first time Sam had a sense of what his future might hold. 
He didn’t get all the details right. None of his ten points predicted Sam becoming the UK’s biggest TikTok artist two years running, or the impact of an unprecedented global pandemic, or the support of icons like Sia, Justin Bieber, Elton John and Alicia Keys. 
Sam grew up in Essex, experiencing what he describes as a "Huckleberry Finn childhood" - playing in fields, building treehouses, swimming in rivers. Having already learned guitar, Sam attended music college then picked up manual labour work on construction sites during the day, spending years honing his musical craft at night in pubs and clubs, and as the singer in a wedding band.
There were spells in rock bands, too, which saw him living out of a Transit van. Sam Ryder arrives at Stockton Globe on Wednesday 11th December 2024. Tickets are available on general sale now via www.stocktonglobe.co.uk
Teesside Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community. 
Through the app, we'll send you the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone. 
To join our community group, you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select 'Join Community'. 
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Teesside Live team. 
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'Exit group'. 
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.
For breaking news in your area direct to your inbox every day,go hereto sign up to our free newsletter