The "Baby" singer was reportedly paid $10 million to perform at billionaire Anant Ambani's pre-wedding ceremony
Justin Bieber may have pulled off his most lucrative performance yet. 
On Friday, the singer performed at a pre-wedding ceremony for billionaire Anant Ambani and his fiancée, Radhika Merchant, in Mumbai, India. Bieber was reportedly paid $10 million for the one-night show, where he performed hits including “Baby” and “Peaches.”
He flaunted his act on Instagram, where he shared ten separate posts documenting every aspect of his visit—from his limousine commute to the venue to singing in sync with fans. Bieber even shared photos of himself lounging in his hotel suite. In his first few posts, he showed off one of his signature oversized outfits. 
Prioritizing comfort, he wore a white tank top with navy nylon pants, letting a pair of blue, green, and white checkered boxers stick out from his cargos. He wore his pants tucked into chunky black leather boots. In later photos, Bieber can be seen rocking a puffy white jacket from Marni, a backwards black baseball hat, and a pair of avant-garde red sunglasses, which featured opaque lenses that wrapped around his head.
A video shared from the event shows the singer holding out his microphone to a crowd of guests, who stood and sang along to his song, “Love Yourself.” He also bounced around on stage to some of his earlier hits, before signing off with a rendition of “Where Are Ü Now.” Shortly after his performance, he flew back home to America to reunite with his wife Hailey, who is pregnant with their first child. 
Hailey opened up about her marriage with Justin, whom she married in September 2018, in an interview for Harper’s Bazaar’s September 2022 cover story.
“He’s still the person that I wanna be rushing back to,” she said. “I might fly somewhere and go do a job, but I can’t wait to come back and hang out. And I feel like that’s because of the effort that’s been put in on both sides. At the end of the day, like, he’s my best friend, but it still does take a lot of work to make it work.”
She hinted then at the possibility of welcoming children together in the future, adding, “I know eventually, when kids come in the picture, that’s going to be a whole other season of navigating how to make that work.”
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.