By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:06, 2 March 2024   |  Updated:  07:02, 2 March 2024   
 88
View  comments
Hailey Bieber celebrated husband Justin Bieber's 30th birthday with a sweet Instagram tribute, after her father recently sparked concern about the state of their marriage.
The model, 27, took to social media on Friday sharing a number of adorable snaps of the pair, including a photograph from their 2018 wedding. 
'30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!! that was fast. words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life,' she gushed in the caption.
In the wedding snap Hailey is the picture-perfect bride as she kisses Justin while he embraces her. 
Earlier on Friday it was reported Hailey is said to be upset with her father Stephen Baldwin, 57, after he asked fans to 'say a little prayer' for her and Justin.
Hailey Bieber celebrated husband Justin Bieber's 30th birthday with a sweet Instagram tribute, after her father recently sparked concern about the state of their marriage 
The model, 27, took to social media on Friday sharing a number of adorable snaps of the pair, including a photograph from their 2018 wedding
Hailey started out the birthday post with a sweet black and white clip of her and Justin kissing.
Another snap featured Justin as a little boy, wearing a white bucket hat and a grey t-shirt.
There was also a photo of them on the deck of a boat at nighttime, with Justin wearing a cowboy hat and holding Hailey from behind.
Hailey continued to loved-up carousel of photos with a close-up shot of her and Justin kissing. She also added Justin's birthday cake, which featured his name and the number 30.
Another cute shot saw the Rhode founder gazing at her man as she cozied up to him in an oversized blue hoodie.
There was also a photo of the duo locking lips on a boat, followed by a candid shot of them grabbing coffee.
Hailey's A-list pals quickly took to the comments, with Kim Kardashian writing, 'My couple! Happy Birthday Justin.'
Her sister Khloe Kardashian simply wrote, 'The best' and added another comments with a number of red heart emojis.
Singer Billie Eilish left three crying emojis.
Model Ashely Graham commented 'hbd J! with a heart and a crown emoji while Twilight star Taylor Lautner left two red hearts.
'30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!! that was fast. words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life,' she gushed in the caption
Another cute shot saw the Rhode founder gazing at her man as she cozied up to him in an oversized blue hoodie
There was also a photo of the duo locking lips on a boat
There was also a photo of them on the deck of a boat at nighttime, with Justin wearing a cowboy hat and holding Hailey from behind
The pair were seen grabbing coffee together in another candid shot
Another snap featured Justin as a little boy, wearing a white bucket hat and a grey t-shirt
She also added Justin's birthday cake, which featured his name and the number 30
Hailey's A-list pals quickly took to the comments, with Kim Kardashian writing, 'My couple! Happy Birthday Justin'
On Friday TMZ has reported that Hailey and her husband Justin are dealing with a private matter that her father knows about.
His plea with followers to 'say a little prayer' for the couple was allegedly about their current issue.
While Stephen was likely well-intentioned when he asked for prayers, Hailey is reportedly unhappy her father had drawn eyes towards her and Justin.
Hailey and Justin have yet to address Stephen's post.
The couple also appeared somber as they arrived to church together on Wednesday.
On Monday, Stephen raised eyebrows when he reposted a video of Justin singing, which was shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx and captioned: 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.'
The evangelist also wrote that his wife Eileen Marx and Hailey's mother Kennya Deodato Baldwin 'pray often together' for the married couple, who wed in 2018.
'There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn't want them to draw closer to Jesus,' Victor wrote.
'So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that [is] intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage, and life in general. So thank you.' Marx has since deleted the post. 
Both Justin and Hailey — who celebrated their fifth wedding anniversary in September — are devout Christians and credit their faith for getting them through their 'tough' first year of marriage.
Justin and Hailey rekindled their romance in May 2018 and got engaged July 7, 2018. The lovebirds got their marriage license from a New York City courthouse in September 2018.
Earlier on Friday it was reported Hailey is said to be upset with her father Stephen Baldwin, 57, after he asked fans to 'say a little prayer' for her and Justin; they are seen in 2016
Hailey and her husband Justin are dealing with a private matter that her father knows about, as per TMZ. His plea with followers to 'say a little prayer' for the couple was allegedly about their current issue 
They tied the knot in a lavish wedding in South Carolina on September 30, 2019 at the Montage Palmetto Bluff resort in front of 154 guests that included Kendall and Kylie Jenner.
Hailey arguably would never have even met Justin had her father Stephen not been there to introduce the future couple while backstage on NBC's TODAY back in 2009.
'Nice to meet you,' were the first words Hailey ever uttered to Bieber.
The two-time Grammy winner and the Rhode founder rekindled their on/off romance three months after his split with Selena Gomez.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group