It sends some students to the Ivy League and others top the Top 40. 
At a Manhattan concert a decade ago, Gracie Lawrence of soul-pop band Lawrence, TikToker-turned-rocker Blu DeTiger, and Sabrina Teitelbaum, also known as Blondshell, took the stage in front of a crowd of their peers. While these three pop stars now sell out concert halls, on this day in 2014, they performed at a lesser-known music venue: the Dalton School on East 89th Street, where the trio attended high school. 
Although the Dalton School is not an institution devoted to the arts, its recent alumni list suggests a Nick Bollettieri-esque focus on churning out indie pop acts. The three rock-star alums declined to comment on their experience at the $61,000-a-year school, but classmates say their artistry was evident during their teenage years. 
“It is funny that we had so many people not only pursue music, but finding a lot of success in it from the couple of years that I was at Dalton,” says Veronica Stewart-Frommer, the lead singer of indie band Melt. “You could tell that people were really motivated and really talented.”
Some students organized shows called "Coffeehouse," where singers like Lawrence and DeTiger would perform original music and covers; Stewart-Frommer and DeTiger strummed ukuleles during one recital. At these events, a young Lawrence covered chart-toppers like a jazzy “Baby” by Justin Bieber, “Superstition” by Stevie Wonder, and “Daughters” by John Mayer.
While Dalton’s current head of school, José De Jesús, joined after the school’s 2010s musical renaissance, he said the academically-rigorous institution celebrates creative students, which may have contributed to Dalton’s music scene.
“If you're someone who is creative in general, the community rewards, the community appreciates,” he tells me.
Ashley LaLonde, a Dalton graduate who later starred in a national tour of Hamilton, agrees that social cache at the prep school was never adversely affected by performing. 
“It's funny now when I talk to friends who grew up in the suburbs or went to different schools and talk about how it was really unpopular to be a part of the arts,” she says. “At Dalton, that wasn't the case. There was a respect for the arts. There was an intrigue in the arts.”
Dalton’s urban milieu might have also contributed to these artists’ development. Dean Wareham, the godfather of Dalton rockers and a class of 1981 alum, says growing up in New York City allowed him to attend concerts at an early age. “My wife is always saying to me how jealous she is when she hears the shows I was able to go to in high school,” he says. “New York City is a good place to be to see shows.”
In the 2010s, Lawrence, LaLonde, and Stewart-Frommer performed in the student-run a capella group Sweet 'N Low. Being a member provided early training for wannabe professional musicians. “We chose our music, we made our own arrangements, we did our own benefit concert,” LaLonde says.
De Jesús says Dalton students often perform original music, as opposed to covers, which can be nerve-wracking. It’s something he’s seen more at Dalton than the other five schools where he has worked. 
"Usually you have covers, because obviously it makes you very vulnerable to play something that's original, something that you created," he says. "And several times I've seen [original songs] and it's always been phenomenal."
For at least one of these starry alums, Dalton pride continued post-graduation. After Lawrence left Dalton in 2015, she returned to the high school to arrange an acapella version of “I Want You Back” by the Jackson 5, according to Stewart-Frommer. On January 5, 2017, Lawrence and her older brother Clyde (also a Dalton alum) visited their alma mater to perform a 54-minute set at an assembly. In 2018, the duo sang at then-headmaster Ellen Stein’s retirement party. Recently, the siblings’ group opened for the Jonas Brothers on tour. 
Other Dalton-pedigreed musicians have also found commercial success. DeTiger, who graduated from Dalton in 2016, skyrocketed to fame in 2020 after posting TikTok videos featuring groovy bass covers, and subsequently notched a record deal with Capitol Records. Her debut album, All I Ever Want Is Everything, came out in March and the bassist is now on tour. 
“Basically every band that I played in in high school, Blu was the bassist,” says singer-songwriter Theo Kandel, who graduated from Dalton in 2015. “Obviously she's so much more than that now. But such a fixture in my Dalton musical experience [was] her being on the bass.”
Teitelbaum made headlines at the end of 2023 when her song "Joiner'' landed on Barack Obama's end-of-year playlist. The 2015 Dalton graduate inked a deal with Partisan Records two years ago after reportedly being chased by Atlantic Records and Capitol Records. She sang at Glastonbury earlier this year and performed at Lollapalooza in August. 
Teitelbaum kept a lower musical profile at Dalton. The singer wasn’t in the school’s a capella group, nor does her name appear on any "Coffeehouse" videos online. Teitelbaum did perform at "Modern Revue," a Dalton music and art showcase, in 2014, where Lawrence also sang accompanied by DeTiger on bass.
Kandel remembers being impressed by an original song Teitelbaum performed during a festival he organized at Dalton. “While I was peacocking for a little bit, I think Sabrina was figuring out her craft,” Kandel says.
Outside of its burgeoning School of Rock reputation, Dalton is also known for its Robin DiAngelo-style progressivism, turning privileged pupils into Abigail Disney types. Although onlookers may envision the prep school as only educating the spawn of hedge funders and Vanderbilts, recently retired admissions director Babby Krents prided herself on recruiting students from vastly different socioeconomic and racial backgrounds (around one in five students are on financial aid). 
Krents apparently had Simon Cowell’s nose for sniffing out musical talent, too (though this author, who attended kindergarten at Dalton, had none). Lawrence, DeTiger, and Blondshell are part of a long tradition of private-school rock stars. Julian Casablancas, Nick Valensi, and Fabrizio Moretti of the Strokes all met at New York's Dwight School, and Maroon 5's Adam Levine and Jesse Carmichael met at Brentwood School in Los Angeles.
While there are no plans for a Dalton artist supergroup, there is a chance of seeing famous faces at Dalton alums’ concerts. Kandel invited his classmate Lawrence to duet “In My Life” by the Beatles during one of his Bowery Ballroom concerts—a song the duo first performed in their middle school history class. “We do come out and support each other's shows,” Stewart-Frommer says. 
Last year, when LaLonde was on tour with Hamilton in Indianapolis, she received a text from DeTiger, asking if LaLonde was performing in the theater upstairs from where DeTiger was set to go on stage. “It was after both of our shows,” she says. “We met up in one of the dressing rooms backstage.”
For Dalton alums in the Hoosier State, seeing the marquee that night might’ve felt like a "Coffeehouse" poster. Except, on this night, the venue was a tad different than an Upper East Side schoolhouse.
Andrew Zucker works at a production company in New York City. His writing has appeared in the New York Times, the Financial Times, and Air Mail, among other publications.
15 Colleges With the Best Return on Investment
Harvard Sues the Trump Administration
How Family Dynamics Can Shape Success
Trump vs. the Ivies: A Timeline
Can Trump Unleash the IRS on Harvard?
15 Colleges With the Best Merit Aid Scholarships
Princeton President on Trump Admin Threats
How Winning a Championship Changes Admissions
Trump Administration Will Pull Funding from Brown
Trump Administration to Review Harvard  Funds
Battle of Ivy League Influencers
Trump Aims to Eliminate Department of Education
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.