A naked Canadian man broke into a Chinatown residence with a knife! (Photo by Robert Laberge/Getty Images).
A knife-wielding naked Canadian man scaled a fence and broke into a Chinatown residence! The residence housing was mostly students and now they're scarred by the incident!
It all happened in Montreal's Chinatown neighborhood. There have reportedly been lots of problems in the area recently. There have been lots of drug issues in Chinatown and lots of problems will follow that. This story highlights a lot of those problems.
It sounds like this would have been very scary to see! According to The Gazette, the naked Canadian man was holding a knife and a fire extinguisher. It turns out, it's a popular place for drug users to get their supplies.
Vincent Lupien, who owns the vandalized property, tells The Gazette, "If you are a consumer, this is where you go to buy crack cocaine." So, that describes the area a little bit better. It sounds like this has been an ongoing issue in Montreal's Chinatown neighborhood.
The victim who spotted the naked Canadian man in the residence tells The Gazette, "I was doubting what I saw: You do not expect a naked person in your kitchen." Thankfully, they were able to alert the authorities who came and apprehended the intruder. The victim did opt to press charges so the suspect could be detained, per The Gazette. They will now be running mental evaluations on the suspect to see if he's fit to stand trial.
That would be so scary to have happen! Hopefully, Chinatown can make the changes needed for its residents to start feeling safe again! To help ensure resident's safety, Lucien tells The Gazette he plans on raising the height of the fence on the property to help make sure it can't be scaled again. He also plans on adding pointed metal bars on top of the fence and is looking into wrought iron window gates. All things that are likely necessary given the amount of break-ins and crimes in the area. You can see more on Montreal's Chinatown neighborhood below.
How's she goin' eh? Canadians hold a special place in our hearts. That's why you'll frequently hear about 'Those Crazy Canadians' on Dave & Chuck The Freak. However, not every famous Canadian has done something worthy of making the segment. In fact, many celebrities are indeed Canadian. Here are 7 'Eh-List' Celebrity Canadians that everyone knows.
Now, just because everyone knows these celebrity Canadians that have become household names doesn't mean they know these celebs are Canadian! Of course, some will be obvious than others.
Some of the biggest names in show business are Canadians. There are musicians, actors, comedians, and athletes alike that all hail from Canada. These Canadians are our buddies, they are our guys, and they are our friends. Sorry, South Park.
I decided to do a list of 7 'Eh-List' celebrity Canadians, but there are much more than 7 of them. Limiting the list to only 7 caused a few problems. That meant some big names were being left on the cutting room floor!
Here are some recognizable names of celebrities you might not have known were Canadian that didn't make the list of 7: Keanu Reeves, Celine Dion, Michael J. Fox, the late Matthew Perry, William Shatner, Will Arnett, Neil Young, and more!
When you look at the full list, it's actually very impressive! The funniest comedians in the game seem to be from Canada. There's Mike Myers, Dan Aykroyd, Phil Hartman, and more that we'll talk about in a minute. Then, the world of rock and roll is no different! You've got Chad Kroeger, Avril Lavigne (think they mind being so close to each other on this list?), and who could forget The Barenaked Ladies? Also, I know he's not rock but I feel like I have to mention Michael Buble because he's Canadian and I think we'd get along very well.
Regardless, here are 7 'Eh-List' celebrity Canadians!
Seth Rogen is Canadian! (Photo by Joe Scarnici/Getty Images for Hulu)
Seth Rogen is one of my favorite people on the planet. He's hilarious and he seems like a good dude. In other words, the ultimate Canadian! He talks about growing up in Canada a lot. He has a lot of pride for his homeland.
Honestly, if I could pick one celebrity to hangout with, I'd pick Seth. I have no doubt we'd be good friends.
Justin Bieber is Canadian (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)
Justin Bieber might not have all the traits that Canadians are known for having, like being pleasant and generally nice, but he still is Canadian! The superstar was born in London, Canada. They might not want to claim him, but it remains true.
Jim Carrey is as Canadian as he is funny (Photo by Christopher Polk/Getty Images for AFI)
Jim Carrey is another funny person from Canada. He was born in Newmarket, Canada. One of the funniest people of all-time, in my opinion. You can always count on Jim for a laugh.
Drake is a rapper. Drake is Canadian. Drake is a Canadian rapper. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
You probably were aware that Drake is Canadian. He talks about it a lot in his music...like a lot! He's also frequently spotted at Toronto Raptor games. Yeah, he's Canadian.
Ryan Gosling is both Ken and Canadian (Photo by Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images)
Ryan Gosling isn't just Ken--he's Canadian! It rhymed better in my head. Ryan proves Canadians aren't just kind or funny...they can be sexy, too!
Pamela Anderson is also Canadian! (Photo by Roy Rochlin/Getty Images for Netflix)
Speaking of sexy Canadians, that brings us to Pamela Anderson! Yes, indeed, she is Canadian. She was born in Ladysmith, Canada. She was originally discovered at a BC Lions football game in Vancouver wearing a Labatt's Beer t-shirt. How Canadian is that??
Ryan Reynolds is a lot of things...Canadian being one of them. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images)
Ryan Reynolds is many things: an actor, a soccer team owner, an entrepreneur, a father, a husband, and most importantly--a Canadian. He was born in Vancouver. His father was even a Royal Canadian Mounted Policeman! Very Canada.
 [newsletter-signup label="Sign me for Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter!" description="Join now to receive the Dave &amp; Chuck The Freak's 'Unsolicited' Email Newsletter. You'll get access to recaps of the best stories of the week, the Peep Show of the week, as well as weekly 'Street Bits' episodes, an uncensored Dave & Chuck the Freak exclusive, available only to subscribers." color="#000000" checkbox_content="By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time." logo="https://daveandchuckthefreak.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/114/2022/10/logo.png" subscription_attributes="list_dave_chuck_daily_download" subscription_id="d9e7fee0-47e7-4227-aa4e-de1b352047d4" ]

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!