By 

	Jon Blistein


Selena Gomez insists she was not gossiping with Taylor Swift about Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner at the Golden Globes — she was gossiping about two other random people she knows.

	The extremely viral moment arguably overshadowed the bulk of the Golden Globes: an extremely online interaction filled with big reactions and deep celebrity lore. The assumed gist of the exchange was that Gomez was relaying to Swift that she’d asked Chalamet for a picture, and Jenner had denied the request.

	Underpinning the rumor mill was a tangled web of Calabasas connections, primarily Jenner’s friendship with Hailey Bieber, current wife of Gomez’s notable ex, Justin Bieber. With all that history, it made sense that fans were willing to read deeply into Gomez apparently mouthing an emphatic, “No,” followed by the shock and awe exploding across Swift’s face.

	After nearly two long days of memes, gifs, and declarations of fact from the internet’s best amateur lip-readers, Gomez finally shared her side of the story in the most fitting place possible: the comments section of a day-old E! News Instagram post directing interested parties to a story in which a “source with knowledge of the situation” (classic) debunked the extremely online speculation. 

	










	The aforementioned source insisted, “It’s not true she went up to them and asked for a photo. She never saw them.” 

	Gomez herself backed it up today, Jan. 9, stating, “Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone business.” 

	To Gomez’s point, that’s true — though now we definitely wanna know who hooked up. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Additionally, TMZ in classic TMZ fashion managed to get a camera in Chalamet’s face earlier today and asked him if everyone was “cool”? The actor replied, “Of course,” and further denied any beef between Gomez and Jenner. 

	Forget the awards, folks — this is the real magic of the Golden Globes.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.