By SONYA GUGLIARA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:08, 23 September 2024   |  Updated:  12:02, 24 September 2024   
 467
View  comments
An Apprentice contestant's response to Donald Trump's ultra-flattering remarks about Diddy revealed yet another ignored clue about the rapper's wrongdoings. 
Pop singer Aubrey O'Day, 40, appeared on The Apprentice in 2012 - four years after working under Sean 'Diddy' Combs as a member of music group Danity Kane.  
Donald Trump recently joined the growing list of celebrities tied up in the Diddy scandal after an unflattering clip from an episode of The Apprentice resurfaced. 
In the clip, O'Day became visibly uncomfortable after Trump said: 'I love Diddy. You know, he's a good friend of mine, he's a good guy. Is he a good guy?'
'I don't want to answer that question,' O'Day immediately responded. 
Pop singer Aubrey O'Day has spoken out about her negative experiences with Diddy on several occasions since he fired her in 2008
This was not her only remark about the disgraced musician that should have raised concerns. 
In 2022, O'Day joined Alex Cooper on the 'Call Her Daddy' podcast, where she dropped a bombshell detail about why she parted ways with Danity Kane in 2008 - just three years after the band was discovered on Diddy's Making the Band 3.
She told Cooper: 'I was not willing to do what was expected of me.
Not talent wise, but in other areas.' 
O'Day has been vocal about her views of Combs since the early days of his scandal, calling him out for not saying sorry to ex-girlfriend Cassie Fine in his apology video for beating her up. 
Recently, O'Day has taken to X to share her thoughts on Combs' most recent arrest on September 16. 
Sean 'Diddy' Combs, Donald and Melania Trump pictured together at a fundraising event in 2008
Trump said Diddy was 'a good guy' in an unflattering resurfaced clip from a 2012 episode of The Apprentice 
She posted: 'The purpose of Justice is to provide an ending and allow us the space to create a new chapter. Women never get this. I feel validated. Today is a win for women all over the world, not just me. Things are finally changing.'
O'Day fans from her early pop star days praised her for her unwavering stance against Combs - even when many people dismissed her.
One user commented: 'I’m so happy that your voice has finally been taken seriously. You deserve to keep speaking up until you feel like stopping.'
Another user wrote: 'Been on your side since 2006. You were right all along and we knew it. That man is a monster. I hope today brings you a sense of peace.' 
O'Day was a guest on Bunnie Xo's 'Dumb Blonde' podcast the same day she shared her message on X.
Bunnie XO - model Alyssa Deford - said to O'Day about Combs: 'He pretty much  fired you on national TV, set this narrative that you were a certain way - that you're hard to deal with. that you're this, that and the other.'
O'Day told Alex Cooper on the 'Call Her Daddy' podcast in 2022 that Diddy fired her for not doing what he expected of her
Danity Kane posed with Diddy in 2005 at MTV studios
O'Day responded: 'Things occurred prior to the day I was fired that weren't captured or told on camera.'
She added that no one else knew she was getting fired - the turn of events shocked everyone on set. 
'No one knew what to do, no one was talking at that point,' she said. 
Meanwhile, the re-emerged Apprentice clip has lumped Trump in with A-listers like Leonardo DiCaprio, Kim Kardashian and Paris Hilton who are intertwined with the Diddy scandal. 
Photos of Combs with former president Barack Obama have also caused an online frenzy in recent days. Trump has also been pictured with Combs on several occasions.
O'Day is not the only person who fans speculate was harmed in some capacity by the rapper. 
Justin Bieber fans have alleged that the lyrics to his song Lonely hint at what happened between him and Combs.
The lyrics in question are: 'And everybody saw me sick/And it felt like no one gave a s**t/ They criticized the things I did as an idiot kid.
'What if you had it all/ And it felt like nobody to call? Maybe then you'd know me/'Cause I've had everything/ But no one's listening/ And that's just lonely. I'm so lonely. Lonely.'
Trump and Diddy pictured mid-handshake at the grand-opening of the rapper's restaurant 
Another former Danity Kane member, Dawn Richard, is suing Combs for 'terrorizing and sexually abusing her,' according to the lawsuit obtained by DailyMail.com.
Combs is being held without bail at the infamous Metropolitan Detention Center in Brooklyn while he awaits trial.
His lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, vows to appeal the decision to have Combs jailed.
He said: 'Mr. Combs is a fighter - he will fight this until the end. He is innocent. He came to New York to establish his innocence. He is not afraid - he is not afraid of the charges.
He faces sex trafficking and racketeering charges. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group