Months after Katy Perry departed the judging panel of “American Idol,” the show has found her replacement!
There have been multiple reports that Carrie Underwood will take over and join Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan for Season 25.
According to TMZ, Underwood is in the final stages of signing on. An official announcement could come on Friday when she performs on “Good Morning America.”
Carrie has been considered one of the most successful winners of “American Idol,” selling about 85 million records! She won the show in 2005.
Other big names floating around for the judging gig included Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, P!nk and Meghan Trainor.
In April, “Extra” spoke with Katy, who suggested that Jelly Roll could take her spot after serving as a mentor on the show.
Katy also brought attention to Meghan Trainor and Gene Simmons of KISS as possible alternatives.
She said, “I’ve been really impressed with the feedback and the constructive criticism. I think what’s going to be really important, moving forward, is that whoever does come in, that they’re giving constructive criticism — it’s just not, like, it’s nice, but also, like, it’s evolving [contestants]. It’s growing them, and sometimes that’s tough love.”
See how the stars are celebrating Easter 2025 with their families!
The stars of Hollywood came out to honor the stars of science at the 11th Breakthrough Prize Ceremony.
Stars hit the red carpet at the 2025 iHeartRadio Music Awards!
The stars were out for Le Grand Dîner du Louvre in Paris.
Stars step out to party after the Academy Awards at the 2025 Vanity Fair Oscar Party!
The stars mix and mingle at 2025 Oscars pre-parties!
Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities
            and breaking entertainment news!

Privacy Policy |
          Terms of Use |
          Ad Choices
          © 2025 Telepictures Productions Inc. In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment
        
Sign up here for exclusive access to all your favorite celebrities and breaking entertainment news!
© 2025 Telepictures Productions Inc.  In partnership with Warner Bros. Entertainment