Getty
Hailey Bieber is very much in charge when it comes to decisions between her and her husband Justin – as a source exclusively tells In Touch that she’s ready to formally take over his career and roll out a ton of exciting plans that will swell not only his legacy but the family’s bank account.
“Hailey has incredible business acumen and a real eye for trends,” the insider says. “She’s also Justin’s No. 1 fan and genuinely believes he’s the best artist in the world. When Justin is down on himself, her support does wonders for his confidence.”
The Rhode Beauty founder, 28, made headlines last month after she clapped back after Billboard named her husband, 30, the 8th on their list of the “Greatest Popstars of the 21st Century.” “Billboard is a f–king joke per usual,” she commented under an Instagram post announcing the news.
The insider says that Hailey genuinely “believes the sky is the limit” for Justin and wants to be “instrumental” in his career in the “same way” Jay-Z was in “guiding Beyoncé’s career and hyping her up.”
“That’s the sort of strategic role that Hailey can take on for Justin. She’s very tapped into social media and just has a natural instinct about what is next,” the source dishes. “Plus, she’s got her finger on the pulse of his fans and what they want from him, which is invaluable when it comes to marketing.”
According to the source, Hailey is also “very protective” of the “Baby” singer as his “genuine” personality has left him “pretty vulnerable in the past,” adding that she’s “just naturally more suspicious of people and isn’t going to let anyone take advantage of him.”
Justin’s world has been shaken up with many ups and downs in the last few months. Hailey and Justin welcomed their first child together in August and only weeks later, his former mentor Sean “Diddy” Combs — who took Justin under his wing as a young, up-and-coming music artist — was arrested for alleged sex trafficking and racketeering. While the rapper, 56, has pleaded not guilty to the charges, “Justin’s been shaken by the whole scandal,” a separate source told In Touch in September.
In addition, Justin is seemingly preparing for a legal battle after TMZ reported in October that he was debating whether to file a lawsuit against some of his former business managers after they allegedly “grossly mismanaged” part of his fortune on bad decisions. The “Never Say Never” singer has been upset for “several years” about the situation and while it’s unclear how many former employees were involved, it was “more than one.”
It was “unclear” how much money Justin believed was wasted, other than that it was a “huge” sum. Justin has a $300 million fortune as of 2024, according to Celebrity Net Worth. The Canada native hit a massive payday in 2023 when he sold the rights to his music catalog for $200 million. In June, In Touch exclusively reported that Justin was already running through his cash.
Hailey and Justin made a rare appearance on a commercial flight in May seemingly because of his dwindling funds. “While they always fly private, Justin simply couldn’t afford it this time,” a source spilled at the time. “He spends more money than he’s got coming in and is now having to cut back on certain luxuries.”
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. InTouch Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
InTouch Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
InTouch Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: