Thanks to the obsession with pop culture, fans will forever turn to their fave celebs for fashion guidance and style advice.
One of the biggest trendsetters of this generation happens to be Hailey Bieber.
There’s more to uncover about Hailey than just her attention-grabbing marriage to Justin Bieber or never-ending feud with Selena Gomez.
She launched Rhode Skin to set trends in the beauty, wellness, and skincare industries in 2022.
She’s made a name for herself as a model by strutting down runways starting at 14 years old.
Now, Hailey’s got social media users going out of their way to emulate her fashion sense and style crazes.
TikToker @Its.NicoleRosa posted a video breaking down exactly what you’ll need if you want to dress like Hailey.
An oversized jacket or blazer is a necessity on your shopping list. You’re in even better luck if the oversized jacket or blazer is made out of leather material.
How to dress like a celebrity Hailey Bieber edition 🤍 #haileybieber #celebritystyle #celebrityfashion #ootd #whattowear #styletips #styleinspo #fashiontiktok #fashioninspo #greenscreen 
A pair of oversized or relaxed pants is just as crucial. Nicole flashes a pair of black satin cargo pants as inspiration in her video.
She explains that your top should be simple and basic, like a black crop top with short sleeves. A cropped tank top without sleeves will also put you on Hailey’s level.
Next up, Nicole describes the best shoes to wear based on what Hailey’s been photographed wearing. A cute pair of leather booties is her top suggestion.
Last but not least, she suggests finding a solid pair of trendy sunglasses. Hailey’s constantly spotted wearing thin shades with rectangular frames when she’s out and about.
Before posing in the completed outfit for her TikTok followers, Nicole says, “Hailey Bieber has mastered that effortless, chic, casual look!”
Nicole’s comment section is full of inspired people doling out compliments and appreciation for the fashion-forward tutorial.
Until the fall of 2022, Hailey hadn’t designed clothes or launched any clothing lines.
She was always photographed wearing gorgeous outfits, but she hadn’t taken the time to put her name on anything.
A post shared by WARDROBE.NYC (@wardrobe.nyc)
That changed when she debuted a special capsule collection with Wardrobe NYC. 
She teamed up with the founders, Josh Goot and Christine Centenera, to create an assortment of wardrobe essentials for modern fashionistas to benefit from.
At the time, Hailey noted that she decided which pieces should be added to the capsule collection by focusing on her personal day-to-day wardrobe. 
After narrowing down her core pieces, it was easy for Hailey to come to those final conclusions. 
Hailey’s devotion to the fashion world is why social media users will continue breaking down tutorials on how to flawlessly copy her style.
Δ
Δ

Instagram


Twitter


YouTube


Facebook