Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Sean 'Diddy' Combs' friends have been relatively silent following his arrest.
Contact us by Email
Oct. 23 2024, Published 1:15 p.m. ET
Kutcher refused to share details about Combs' infamous parties. 
Sean "Diddy" Combs has been friends with Ashton Kutcher since the 2000s.
In 2019, Kutcher shared how they met and became "fast friends",
He told Hot Ones: "It started over Punk'd cause he's like, ‘Yo, you can't punk me.' I was like, ‘I don't know what to tell you, everybody's on the table.' So, that started our conversation." 
The 46-year-old That '70s Show alum, at the time, refused to share details about Combs' notorious parties, saying, "I've got a lot I can't tell".
Beyoncé's friendship with Combs spurred wild conspiracy theories including the 'Beyoncé curse'.
Combs has also built a close relationship with Beyoncé, who has been the subject of wild conspiracy theories for years.
In December 2019, the Single Ladies hitmaker greeted Combs with a happy birthday on Instagram, leading fans to assume they are in constant communication as pals and collaborators.
After the Bad Boy Records founder's arrest, social media sleuths started discussing the "Beyoncé curse," a theory that artists who win against the songstress should "thank and praise her" in public to prevent bad things from happening to them.
Khaled and Combs have shared a close friendship for years. 
In 2017, DJ Khaled faced a jet ski accident while on his way to Combs' house, where he later received first aid from his friend.
Then, on his 47th birthday in 2022, he received a tribute from the now-jailed superstar.
Combs said: "I appreciate you loving me as a friend. You was king down here in Miami and look at you now. God did."
The record producer, 48, also marked Combs' birthday with a heartfelt post in 2023.
Jay-Z has hit back at claims he raped a teen girl with Sean 'Diddy' Combs.
Like Beyoncé, Jay-Z is also friends with Combs. They have been seen attending events, shows and parties over the years, showing off their close relationship in public.
Despite their strong connection, the Empire State of Mind singer has remained silent following Combs' arrest.
J Lo and Combs dated in the 90s and split in 2001 due to his alleged infidelity. 
Combs and Jennifer Lopez dated in the 1990s but called it quits in 2001 due to his alleged infidelity.
While speaking of their romance two years after their split, J Lo said: "I was in a relationship with Puff where I was totally crying, crazy, and going nuts, it really took my whole life in a tailspin." 
Still, the twosome maintained a close friendship over the years. She was pictured in some of his gatherings in the past and she was on the invite list for Combs' 50th birthday party in 2019.
Disturbing videos of teenage Bieber and Combs went viral after the hip-hop mogul's arrest. 
Justin Bieber met and bonded with Combs through Usher. 
In November 2009, Bieber released a YouTube video titled, "JUSTIN BIEBER's 48 HRS with DIDDY!!" The update showed him and Combs hanging out at the latter's mansion.
After Combs' arrest, another resurfaced video from December 2010 captured their awkward exchanges while at a recording studio.
Combs asked: "What's up man, you good? Selling out arenas and everything? Starting to act different, huh? You haven't been calling me and hanging out the way we used to hang out."
They collaborated on songs and albums in the years thereafter, but the Baby hitmaker reportedly regretted their ties after Combs' arrest.
An insider told Daily Mail: "So many people who helped to make him who he is were very close to Diddy and it has completely thrown him. Justin hasn't been responding on this since the home raids. He's not going to.
"He had a long break from Diddy when he believes most of this took place and he had distanced himself from him. He was featured on Diddy's most recent album, and had he known any of this, there is no way he would have done it."
James unfollowed Combs on Instagram amid the mogul's numerous controversies. 
NBA star LeBron James was also a frequent attendee of Combs' gatherings – and one resurfaced clip proved his ties to the embattled rap mogul.
during an Instagram Live, James said: "Ain't no party like a Diddy party."
In May, however, James unfollowed Combs on Instagram amid the latter's controversies.
Combs once said DiCaprio was his 'number one' guest at his 2017 White Party. 
Photos of Leonardo DiCaprio smoking at one of Combs' parties and dancing at Combs' 50th birthday party in 2019 resurfaced after the rapper's arrest.
In a 2017 interview with Vogue, the Finna Get Loose rapper said DiCaprio was the "number one" guest on his White Party invite list at the time.
As the public scrutinized their potential close connection, a source claimed DiCaprio had not had anything to do with Combs for years — long before controversies hit the 54-year-old record executive.
The insider told the Daily Mail: "He attended a few of his parties back in the early 2000s — but literally everyone did. They were not freak-offs.
"He has nothing to do with any of that world, so for anyone to assume that he will get roped into this based on a few grainy photos that are more than 20 years old is ridiculous."
Lil' Kim and Combs have been collaborators for years. 
Combs and Lil' Kim have been friends and collaborators for years. In 2019, the Lady Marmalade rapper made it on his 50th birthday party's invite list.
Carey and Combs faced romance rumors when they worked on her hit album 'Butterfly' in the 90s.
In 2020, Mariah Carey released her memoir, The Meaning of Mariah Carey, in which she wrote about Combs and her marriage to Tommy Mottola.
Carey quoted Mottola: "'Puffy will be shining my shoes in two years.'
"It was one of the very few times I stood up to Tommy, telling him that what he had said was blatantly racist. I was pissed. Shawn had never seen me talk back to him; he was shocked that I showed my anger."
Carey and Combs also sparked dating rumors when they worked together on her album, Butterfly, in the late 1990s, but she dismissed them in an interview with MTV Raw.
Campbell and Combs' were romantically linked in 2002 and have been friends for years.
After being romantically linked in 2002, Combs and Naomi Campbell constantly appeared at public events together. The supermodel even praised the Last Night rapper in her interview with AOL.
Campbell said: "I just never know what's going to happen with Puff. It's always something magical.
"I went to dinner with him a few weeks ago, and after dinner, we ended up in a recording studio with four boy band groups auditioning. It was the most amazing talent! This is why, for me, when I'm with him, I just roll with it. I love his company, I love his demeanor, I love his love towards me and I love our friendship."
She also threw a London bash to celebrate Combs' 54th birthday in 2023.
Combs gifted Ross a golf cart when he moved to Miami in 2023. 
Combs and Rick Ross have been in the same friendship and musical circles. In 2023, they made headlines when Combs gifted him a golf cart after the 48-year-old hip-hop artist moved to Miami.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Usher lived with Combs in 1994 during the early days of his music career. 
In 1994, Combs and Usher lived together during the early days of the latter's career.
During a 2016 interview with Howard Stern, Usher opened up about what it was like living in Diddy's "pretty wild" home.
The My Boo hitmaker said: "There was always girls around. You'd open a door and see somebody doing it, or several people in a room having an orgy."
Combs tried to calm tension between Smith and Chris Rock after his infamous Oscars slap.
Following Will Smith's infamous Oscars slap, Combs shared a statement at the same ceremony and tried to become the bridge between the Bad Boys actor and Chris Rock.
Combs said: "I just want to say, let's make some noise for Amy (Schumer), Regina (Hall), Wanda (Sykes)! 
"Gotta give it up for Wanda. I did not know that this year was going to be the most exciting Oscars ever."
He added: "OK, Will and Chris, we're going to solve that like family at the Gold Party, OK? But right now we are moving on with love. Everybody make some noise!"
Miami and Combs dated between 2021 and 2023 and remained friends after their split.
In 2023, when asked about her relationship with Combs amid abuse allegations against him, rapper Yung Mami said: "I can't speak on something that I don't know.
"I can't speak on these allegations because I wasn't around at the time. I don't know that person, and that wasn't my experience."
The dated between 2021 and 2023, but they still attended events together even after their split.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.