Pink Sweat$ performs during the Sol Blume Music festival at Discovery Park on August 20, 2023 in Sacramento, California. (Photo by Tim Mosenfelder/WireImage via Getty Images)WireImage
R&B singer Pink Sweat$ has been hospitalized, his team announced.
“This is Pink Sweat$ team. we ask that you PRAY FOR PINK as he fights in the hospital right now. SEND ALL OF YOUR LOVE, POSITIVE ENERGY, HEALING ENERGY HIS WAY,” a message on his Instagram Story said Tuesday.
Billboard reports details of his health issues have not been disclosed, but Pink Sweat$’ wife JL Bunny (a.k.a. Bunny Bowden) posted a photo of what appeared to be the model’s hand holding her husband’s hand on a hospital bed.
“I’m not usually like this but at this point we need it,” she wrote on an Instagram Story. “Please, if you believe in the power of prayer, please pray for pink.”
Pink Sweat$, sometimes stylized as Pink Sweats (without the dollar sign), is a modern R&B/pop singer and songwriter who was born David Bowden in Philadelphia. His 2018 debut single, “Honesty,” went platinum, and he’s since released two albums featuring songs like “17,” “At My Worst” (with Kehlani) and “Coke & Henny, Pt. 1.” He’s also collaborated with artists like Justin Bieber, Wale, Bebe Rexha, Tori Kelly, JVKE and Seventeen.
Bowden, 32, has also worked as a music producer for artists like country group Florida Georgia Line and rapper Tierra Whack. He reportedly earned the nickname “Pink Sweat$” because he frequently wore pink sweatpants in the studio.
“Praying for Pink,” one fan wrote on Instagram.
“Sending so much love, light, and prayers,” another wrote on X (formerly Twitter).
“I’m praying for both of you, may God be right by your side because you deserve happiness,” another Instagram user said.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices