Justin Bieber sparked a lot of concern among his fans when he released pictures of himself crying, but one expert has suggested they're not what they seem.
The 30-year-old singer took to Instagram last month and broke down in tears in an emotional post. He didn't explain why he was crying and some fans worried about the state of his marriage to Hailey Bieber.
However, with the couple now sharing the exciting news that they're expecting their first baby, PR expert Kieran Elsby has suggested the tears might have been joyful. Speaking exclusively to The Mirror, Kieran said: "Justin Bieber's recent emotional posts are more than likely connected to him due to become a dad.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez faced with 'tough' time amid 'first love' Justin's baby news with Hailey Bieber
"The announcement that Justin and Hailey are expecting their first child is probably the best moment in their lives and a special occasion for the couple, but it's essential to recognise that such a significant life change can induce more than a few mixed emotions, good and bad.
"Becoming a parent, especially for the first time, is a deeply moving experience. It's natural for individuals to feel a whole range of emotions, including excitement, anticipation, and vulnerability. Justin's public display of emotions reflects the overwhelming feelings associated with becoming a dad.
"This vulnerability shows the human side of his emotions and his genuine feelings in this new chapter of his life." Kieran also suggested Justin's fatherhood journey "may also trigger reflection on his own childhood experiences".
He explained: "Having grown up in the spotlight and carrying massive responsibilities from a young age, he may confront feelings of having missed out on certain aspects of his youth. This reflection is a common experience for many expectant parents, as they deliberate the type of upbringing they want to provide for their children."
Kieran added: "I feel Justin's unique experiences, both in the limelight and in his personal life, will shape his approach to fatherhood. He'll understand the importance of cherishing those early years and will shower his child with love and support alongside, Hailey, and their families.
"He's already showing vulnerability, which is a great quality in a parent – it opens the door for open communication and strong bonds. So, while the initial tears might have caused some concern, they could very well be the first signs of an amazing dad-to-be!
"While there may be challenges along the way, his strength as an individual will serve him well as he navigates being a dad. There's no doubt that Justin Bieber will be a fantastic dad."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.