In March of 2018, Mason Ramsey was only 11 when he went viral for a video of him singing “Lovesick Blues” in a Walmart in Harrisburg, Illinois. After that his life changed, but he didn’t even realize it at first. He didn’t have internet, so he had no idea how viral his video was going at the time. It didn’t sink in until he got a call to be on the Ellen DeGeneres show and flew to L.A. for the first time. From there, he started getting recognized everywhere as the “Yodeling Walmart Kid.” Although Ramsey is now 17 and looks different from his 11 year-old-self, he still gets stopped and asked for pictures on the regular. He loves it and is always happy meeting new people, but did admit he’s had to deal with a few stalkers.  
Recently Ramsey sang with Lana Del Rey at her Fenway Show. She reached out to him on Instagram after he shared that he wanted to do a collab with her and invited him to sing at Hang Out Fest, but due to a weather issue, they did not have time to rehearse so it didn’t happen. She then invited him to do a song with her at her Fenway Show and he described it as one of the craziest moments. Ramsey shared the top three people he’d love to work with are Zach Bryan, Jelly Roll and Justin Bieber. Ramsey is starting to step his game up when he performs. He’s ready to show people a new version of him. He shared that he does not think much before he goes on stage and compared it to an outer body experience.   
For the last six months he’s been working on an album when he received a call that the new Twisters movie wanted one of his songs for the soundtrack. The original Twisters came out in 1996, 10 years before Ramsey was born, so when he got the call he was shocked and thrilled. He sent them his new song “Shake Shake” and they loved it and included it on the star-studded soundtrack! Along with working on a new album, Rasmey is also preparing to tour. His goal is to bring the old sound of country music into people’s lives with his new music. 
For more information, visit Masonramsey.com