It pays to be a celebrity.
Some of the famous guests who attended the lavish Mumbai wedding of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant earlier this month walked away with “over $3 million in freebies,” a source told US Weekly Thursday.
A-listers including Kim Kardashian, Khloé Kardashian, Nick Jonas, Priyanka Chopra and John Cena were among those who attended the multi-day celebration, with some getting “sent private planes and given jewelry and gifts versus traditional cash payments,” the source said.
While they “didn’t get to keep all of their jewelry” worn to the luxe nuptials, the stars — who also received solid gold invitations — were reportedly “allowed to keep some.”
Another insider told the outlet that Chopra has been friends with the Ambani family “for years” and that “her costs for attendance were her own.”
Other big-name attendees included performers such as Luis Fonsi and Rema, while Rihanna, Justin Bieber, Andrea Bocelli, the Backstreet Boys, David Guetta, Katy Perry and Pitbull performed at pre-wedding bashes.
“The performers were all paid 50 percent over their market value,” the first source told Us Weekly, explaining that this would be their traditional performance cost.
Rihanna, who reportedly received over $6 million for her March show, “would have been paid over $10 [million]” for this wedding, according to the source.
Bieber, for his part, earned a reported $10 million for his pre-ceremony set.
The Guardian broke down the potential cost of the over-the-top union, estimating it to be upwards of $600 million.
If true, this whopping total would reportedly account for only half a percent of the Ambani family’s fortune.
The 29-year-old groom’s father is billionaire Mukesh Ambani, the chairman and managing director of Reliance Industries, and his mother is philanthropist Nita Ambani.
Before their big day, Mukesh gifted the newlyweds an $80 million, 10-bedroom villa with a private beach on Palm Jumeirah in Dubai.
As for the bride, also 29, she is the daughter of pharmaceutical tycoons Viren Merchant and Shaila Merchant.
Advertisement