The top 10 countries with the most attractive people have been revealed - and it might surprise you where the UK places on the list.
A study conducted by Insider Monkey looked at stats for the most followed people on Instagram to determine which country had the most "beautiful" people in the world.
Those countries were then further studied regarding the frequency of cosmetic surgeries, facilities, and other beauty-related industries.
In 10th place is Italy, which might not come as a surprise to some. The cosmetic industry in Italy has had a billion-pound boost since pre-pandemic, with millions of sales every month.
In the Italian beauty industry, face care, body care, and perfumery products are leading categories. Ninth place is taken by Japan, with its market size expected to reach £28billion by 2028.
  READ MORE:    10 countries in Europe with the cleverest people - and it's good news for the UK  
People in Japan tend to prioritise natural and organic skincare. Eighth place is taken by Canada, with celebrities like Ryan Reynolds, Drake, and Justin Bieber having global appeal.
France comes in at seventh, while Colombia takes sixth place and South Korea fifth. Brazil is fourth, and the UK takes an impressive third place on the list.
With fashion icons like Victoria Beckham and Kate Moss, Britain is high up on the list and is said to have "some of the most attractive people in the world".
India comes in second place, while the USA tops the list as the country with the most attractive people in the world. The beauty industry is a billion-dollar industry in the US, making it one of the biggest markets for cosmetic brands.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
1. USA
2. India
3. United Kingdom
4. Brazil
5. South Korea
6. Colombia
7. France
8. Canada
9. Japan
10. Italy
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated