Meghan King isn't losing sleep after taking her daughter to an Olivia Rodrigo concert where condoms and Plan B were being handed out ... instead, she's applauding the young pop star.
The "Real Housewives of Orange County" alum says she took her 7-year-old daughter Aspen to the St. Louis stop of the "GUTS" world tour, and saw firsthand how Olivia's doling out contraception to her fans.
free planb at @oliviarodrigo in st. louis tonight 💓 thank you @MOAbortionFund ✨ pic.twitter.com/41sc65XxLx
As Meghan puts it ... the free condoms and Plan B weren't even very noticeable during the event. In fact, she says she only noticed the contraception table because "vote" stickers were being handed out there, too.
Since Aspen is still more than 10 years from being able to vote, Meghan says they walked away without taking a closer look.
However, she realized after the concert more than just stickers were being offered up, but it could've easily flown under the radar for most folks -- Meghan says the Plan B was being handed out under the codename "Julie."
She admits the situation was a little "jarring" for her, mostly because her daughter is so young ... but she also doesn't think parents should be angry over the free contraception.
Meghan even goes as far as calling Olivia's critics ignorant and hypocritical.
She defends that if Justin Bieber was doing something similar with condoms, the singer wouldn't likely face the same backlash -- hinting misogyny might be fueling the pushback against Olivia.
Meghan understands OR's mission ... calling out how kids are growing up faster than ever and emphasizing the need for sex education.
She does have one recommendation for the singer -- handing out items promoting reproductive health might be more useful for her younger fans.
Still, overall, Meghan applauds Olivia for supporting women's reproductive rights -- and suggests if anyone has a problem with it, they can simply skip the "GUTS" tour.
Yes! Send me email updates and offers from TMZ and its Affiliates. By subscribing, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use