By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:43, 13 February 2024   |  Updated:  20:19, 13 February 2024   
 13
View  comments
Kendall Jenner looked sensational in the new spring 2024 Calvin Klein campaign that was shared on Tuesday morning.
The shoot by Mert Alas took place on the streets of New York City.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians veteran showed off her very toned figure in several of the images.
In one photo the 28-year-old supermodel had on a jet black sleeveless mini dress that made the most of her very muscular arms.
The ex of rapper Bad Bunny clearly has been doing more arm work these days.
This comes after the daughter of Kris Jenner shared that she loves hot yoga because she can get toned without bulking up too much. It also helps burn calories faster due to the heat, it has been claimed.
Kendall Jenner looked sensational in the new spring 2024 Calvin Klein campaign that was shared on Tuesday morning. The shoot by Mert Alas took place on the streets of New York City
She also flashed her arms in this cap sleeved top with leggings and a crossbody purse
Jenner showing off her guns as she attended a basketball game between the Los Angeles Lakers and the Oklahoma City Thunder at Crypto.com Arena in LA on January 15 
The TV star has also said that she enjoys kickboxing and doing ab exercises with a personal trainer.
In 2020, her Beverly Hills-based personal trainer Gunnar Peterson shared some of the top workouts he used on the sister of Kylie Jenner.
'It's true that some people are more naturally defined,' he shared.  
'One person has great abs, one person has great legs, it all depends on the person. 
'But you shouldn't be worried about what other people have. Be happy for them but then find a way to get to your best. You're way better off being the best version of you instead of the second-best version of them.'
And he said his celebrity clients all have different schedules. 
'Find a training schedule that fits into your life. I train every day, but I have clients who train two times a week, clients that train three times a week and some that train four, five or six times a week. It's about what works for you,' he said.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians veteran showed off her very toned figure in several of the images
In this image she added a belted raincoat in periwinkle with black socks and loafers
A close up shot that showed off her bulky jewelry was also posted
'I'm a big fan of doing something for my mind and something for my body every day, that way I feel like I'm always getting better.'
When asked what the best thing is about working out, he told Harper's Bazaar it was the vibe.
'The obvious answer is that you feel better, but you're also more resistant to diseases, illnesses and injuries if you train regularly. 
'That's not something you realize at the time, but when you look back over five, 10, 20-plus years you notice, 'I'm never injured and I'm rarely sick' or 'I feel pretty good all the time'.
'Your quality of sleep is also improved when you exercise, and your mentality improves, which can benefit you at work because you make less errors and often you're more patient as a person. Overall, exercise offers you a better lifestyle and better quality of life.'
On Sunday, Jenner was the Super Bowl in Las Vegas with her pal Hailey Bieber. She say in the same VIP box as sisters Kim and Khloe Kardashian.
Also noticed was Kendall's ex-boyfriend Devin Booker. Kendall's last boyfriend Bad Bunny was also at the game, but not in Kendall's box. 
Kendall was seen at the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday with her pal Hailey Bieber
This comes week after Jenner received a citation for failing to stop.
The model was running errands in Beverly Hills with her friend Hailey Bieber when police pulled her over and issued her a ticket after she ran through a stop sign in January.
Photographs obtained by TMZ showed the stars took the incident in their stride as they were seen laughing and smiling with the cop who had stopped the Mercedes-Benz G500 Cabriolet.
Failing to stop at a stop sign can include penalties of a small fine or a point on a driver's record, potentially leading to increased insurance premiums.
Kendall and Hailey have been spending a lot of time together recently, as they were among a group of friends who celebrated the new year in Barbados, along with the latter's husband, singer Justin Bieber, and the 'Kardashians' star's former boyfriend Bad Bunny.
Kendall's ex-boyfriend Devin Booker was seen in the same VIP box as she. Kendall's last boyfriend Bad Bunny was also at the game, but not in Kendall's box
But despite the group vacation, insiders have told TMZ Kendall and Bad Bunny are not back together, though they have remained close.
In a clip of New Year's Eve fireworks posted by Kendall's friend, the 'Monaco' hitmaker could be heard in the background wishing everyone 'Feliz Ano Nuevo'.
It was revealed last month that the former couple - who had last been seen together at the 'Saturday Night Live' afterparty in October following the 29-year-old musician's appearance on the show - had gone their separate ways.
A source told 'Entertainment Tonight': 'Kendall and Bad Bunny have been doing their own things lately and things slowly started to fizzle out between them.
'They both knew going into this that it likely wouldn't be a forever type of relationship and that was mutually understood from the get-go.
'They have crazy busy schedules and know they're still young and have a lot more to experience individually before settling down.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group