By KENNEDY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  15:46, 26 October 2024   |  Updated:  20:02, 26 October 2024   
 2.1k
View  comments
For a candidate who claims to be about 'good vibes' and 'joy,' Kamala Harris sure knows how to kill a buzz.
A USA Today article covering her Friday night rally in Texas said it all: 'Beyoncé endorses Kamala Harris at Houston rally, but doesn't perform.'
If Queen B liked Harris she would have put a ring on it!
After Harris announced that Beyoncé would join her in Houston this week many outlets reported that Jay-Z's much-better half would sing. That's kind of the point, right?
So, imagine the disappointment when Beyoncé walked out last night and announced: 'I'm not here as a celebrity, I'm not here as a politician, I'm here as a mother.' (Actually, Bee, the only reason you were there is because you're a celebrity.)
Adding mortification to injury, this was the second straight time that Harris had stood by as reports of a Beyoncé performance swirled.
I was in the crowd at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago this July as rumors ran hot that she was going to appear there, too.
For a candidate who claims to be about 'good vibes' and 'joy,' Kamala Harris sure knows how to kill a buzz.
A USA Today article covering her Friday night rally in Texas says it all: 'Beyoncé endorses Kamala Harris at Houston rally, but doesn't perform.' 
At the time, I wrote: 'Alas, it turned out to be a big-head fake…'
A few months later and just nine days from the presidential election, that's a metaphor for Harris's campaign – a big fake.
It turns out that a candidate fuelled by TikTok memes is really just sputtering on fumes. And worse, (put the ear-muffs on Ella Emhoff) the 'vibes' have gotten very, very bad.
It's not just Beyoncé leaving Kamala in the lurch, liberal newspapers are abandoning her, too.
The Los Angeles Times and The Washington Post have broken with decades of precedent and won't be endorsing the Democratic candidate for president this year.
The LA Times and the WaPost newsrooms claim to have varying reasons for refusing to hitch their wagons to Kamala's sinking star. But do you really think they would have left Joe Biden or Barack Obama hanging with the threat of Trump 'the facist' looming?
Maybe they've figured out, unlike the Kamala campaign, that you can't bamboozle your audience with gimmicks… or they'll cancel their subscriptions.
The polls also show that rank-and-file union members and particulary men who didn't go to college aren't rallying to Giggles McGhee either.
That's what you get for holding up Dirty Dougie Emhoff and Wily Tim Walz as models of masculinity.
And, big surprise, Kamala's cameo on the ninth season of RuPaul's Drag Race didn't help her win over socially conservative Arab American voters in Dearborn, Michigan.
They're still furious that she hasn't broken with President Narcolepsy over the Gaza War — despite all her vague postering on the subject and it's threatening to cost her this critical swing state.
Ex-Obama campaign guru David Axelrod put it well this week. After Harris's disastrous CNN town hall Wednesday night, he observed that when she doesn't want to answer a tough question she tends to go to 'word salad city'.
Adding mortification to injury, it was the second straight time that Harris had stood by as reports of a Beyoncé performance swirled. 
Perhaps that's the only place she can get elected.
Indeed, with every passing hour, our aspiring Cackler-In-Chief's once-promising future looks darker than hubby Doug's dating history. (Read here)
The nationwide race is now a supposed 'dead heat'. But if you're a Democrat that means: You're dead meat.
The real contest is in the battleground states that will decide the electoral college winner. They were all in true toss-up territory in September. But today, Trump is leading in every single one of them by slivers of a percentage point, according to the Real Clear Average of polls.
But look closer and you'll see that Harris is also dramatically underperforming in each of these states compared to where Joe Biden was four years ago and where Hillary Clinton was in 2016.
And on one of the biggest issues in this election – immigration – all the signs for Kamala look bad.
Canada's first blackface Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, conceded this week that allowing unrestrained migration into his country was a mistake. Harris owns the mass migration disaster in America.
'We didn't get the balance quite right', Trudeau said - and announced that his government will be slashing the number of new migrants that they permit to enter Canada.
You could say the same for Kamala's campaign – unbalanced: Too much fake joy, too little sincerity; too many memes, too little substance.
Sorry, Momola, even Beyonce doesn't really think that you should run the world.
Oops! She did it again...
Britney's got hitched for the fourth time. But, ever unconventional, if not unhinged, she bucked boring convention, threw on a wedding slip and walked down the solitary aisle of self-love this week, 'marrying' herself.
I pray to the pop gods that this one lasts, because our gal needs to steer clear of the fellas big time.
UnbelieBable! 
You might think Justin Bieber's father would be a little more protective of his younger children given the well-documented and damaging effects of child stardom on his now 30-year-old son.
But no. Jeremy Bieber apparently sees no problem in running an Instagram account that posts bikini snaps of Justin's half-sister, Bay, who is just 6 years old.
An investigation by the Mail found creepy comments under some of these posts, penned by male users among her 357,000-strong following.
For the ugliest of gluttons, the hunger for fame really is a bottomless pit of clicks and cruelty.
Jeremy Bieber (left) apparently sees no problem in running an Instagram account that posts bikini snaps of Justin's half-sister, Bay (middle), who is just 6 years old.
Tim's tall tales
Even the shrews on The View are now pressing VP-wannabe Tim Walz about his potentially pathological urge to lie.
Leaning on his phoniest 'aww shucks' good-guy schtick, he told the panel he's really just 'being a coach, being a teacher' and 'speaks from the heart'.
So coaches and teachers lie for a living? Way to throw two honorable professions under the bus, Pinocchio!
Diaper chic!   
Kim K waddled down the red carpet at the Academy Museum Gala in Los Angeles last weekend and looked like a desperate divorcee who'd wriggled out of her wedding lingerie and into an adult diaper.
The West Coast event is said to be the 'new Met Gala', but Kim and her loathsome sisters looked so silly you could hear hosiery-clad Kanye hostage Bianca Censori erupting into giggles.
Kim K waddled down the red carpet at the Academy Museum Gala in Los Angeles last weekend and looked like a desperate divorcee who'd wriggled out of her wedding lingerie and into an adult diaper. 
Harvey's sick
Harvey Weinstein, the pock-marked face that launched a thousand suits and the #MeToo movement, has reportedly been diagnosed with a rare bone cancer.
Last month he underwent emergency heart and lung surgery. With any luck, the taxpayer will no longer have to fund his treatment in the near future.
Gotham's hero 
Former U.S. Marine Daniel Penny is set to stand trial as jury selection kicked off in Manhattan this week.
The whole thing could take 6 weeks, and Penny face up to 15 years for the subway chokehold death of Jordan Neely.
The case has divided New Yorkers, with many admitting they secretly hope there's a shining Penny among them to protect against the ubiquitous violence and mental illness running riot on our public transport system.
The problem is, in Alvin Bragg's Gotham, good people often get bad outcomes and violent criminals walk free.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group