A luxury streetwear brand worn by the likes of Kim Kardashian and Liam Gallagher which started life in Bolton is opening its first ever store in its hometown of Manchester this week.
Represent will be opening the doors to a new flagship store in the city centre on Saturday (October 26) featuring a selection of the brand’s classic and well-known T-shirts, hoodies and clothes, as well as a number of outfits only available exclusively in-store.
Having operated solely as an online brand and through other stockists until earlier this year, Represent - which is run by Horwich brothers George and Michael Heaton - opened a bespoke boutique store in West Hollywood, Los Angeles, back in March.
READ MORE: New 1,000-capacity nightclub to open in city centre with £5 tickets and strict policy in place
The New Cathedral Street premises, which counts the likes of Louis Vuitton, Selfridges and Harvey Nichols as neighbours, will consist of two floors within 5,419 square ft of space with a whole floor dedicated to the menswear brand’s performance wear division, 247 by Represent.
Amongst exclusive items to only be sold within the Manchester store will be new t-shirts and hoodies, available in black and Flat White, featuring a Represent of Manchester, New Cathedral St screen printed on the front and the back. There will also be a Represent of Manchester - Cathedral candle and eau de parfum fragrance, which is said to ‘capture the timeless soul of the Represent DNA’ with tones of bergamot and sweet apple.
Founded 13 years ago, Represent started life as a college project when George and Mike invested just £150 of their own money to make their own printed t-shirts. Having initially operated from out of their father’s shed, their clothes are now sported by the likes of Justin Bieber and The Weeknd, and have been stocked in stores including Selfridges, END and Harvey Nichols.
Represent, which still has a HQ base in Horwich, is now on track for a record £100m turnover by the end of the year, with a £250m turnover expected by 2028. The clothing brand will also open a tailored concept store in London’s Soho next year.
George said of the new Manchester store: “As we continue to grow as a brand, opening our first physical UK store was a natural progression. Given that Represent was born in Manchester, and it’s where our global HQ is based, the city was the only choice – it is in our DNA.
“The Represent Manchester location marks an important and iconic milestone for the brand; having spent the past three years planning physical retail footprints, trialling the senses of energy, look, feel, and scent through our partners such as Selfridges and Harrods along the process.”
Represent’s sales have grown at an average of 81.4% over the past three years, and was named the 68th fastest-growing private company in the UK by The Sunday Times in June. Speaking about the brand last year, George told the M.E.N. that 'it's a good feeling to see people enjoying what we've created'.
Represent is located at 21 New Cathedral Street, Manchester, M1 1AD. Opens Saturday (October 26).
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.