These jerseys which are blue, red, yellow, and white with a big star and a retroish looking NHL logo on it are kind of cool. I like the logo itself but I think the color schemes need a bit more work. But they are what they are, I'm more excited to see what Tom Wilson could do. 
This year's ASG jersey was designed in collaboration with drew house, the fashion brand co founded by global music superstar Justin Bieber. We've got some close up pics of the jerseys here, here, and here. You can buy one at NHLShop.com, adidas.com, Fanatics as well as the NHL Store in NYC at Manhattan West. 
On Thursday Feb. 1 there will be a player draft. On Friday there will be an All Star Skills competition. The game itself is on Saturday Feb. 3. The skills challenge is 7 p.m. that Friday on ESPN and ESPN plus. The All Star Game is the 3rd at 3 p.m. on ABC and ESPN plus. 
The cool part about a guy like Justin Bieber and why he's successful is that he has his own brand. And he built it from the ground up. Now his homtown is hosting an All Star Game and his fashion company helped design the game's jerseys. Not bad for a fan of a hometown team. 
Tom Wilson will be the lone Capitals representative in Toronto which is also great for him because like Bieber, Wilson has done a good job with his branding. Now he heads back to his hometown so Bieber won't be the only hometown celebrity in the house. 
Love him or hate him, Wilson is a team player. He does things night in and night out to help the Capitals try to win or at least stay in the game. We are all excited to see what he can do in front of the hockey world that weekend. 
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.