Light the fires, gas the tires, and let the good times roll, folks, we’re talking Sagittarius. 
This year, Sagittarius reigns from Nov. 21 to Dec. 21. People born under these stars tend to be enthusiastic, unapologetic, and generally hungry for the feast of life. 
Please take a peek at our list of famous Sagittarius celebrities! Arrows up, party down. 
Born November 22, 1996, model and proud nepo baby Hailey Bieber is a spirited Sagittarius sun with a luxury-loving Taurus moon. On an elemental level, fire signs like Hailey are apt to steam or boil water signs like her Pisces husband, Justin Bieber, and rumored Cancer nemesis Selena Gomez. 
Sagittarius is a mutable sign, a modality reflected in the ability of natives to adopt and adapt to shifting roles and circumstances,  a versatility present in the oeuvre of archer Scarlett Johansson, born on Nov. 22
Eternally wild and free, the “Midnight Sun” singer was born on Nov. 23. A true Sag, she cannot be caged — or clothed. 
HRH Miley might very well be singing to the spirit of her sign when she muses, “I was born to run, I don’t belong to anyone.” 
Right on, ride on. 
With luck on their side, Sagittarius tends to take misses in stride, viewing failure as a lesson learned rather than a wound incurred. Do you want to talk about resilience in the face of distress and joy as vengeance? Look no further than the president of the Sagittarius Survivors Club, Tina Turner, born unto us on November 26th. 
Wild child Rita Ora was born on Nov. 26. Ruled by Jupiter, a planet of luck and abundance, archers like to roll the dice and spread the wealth, and Ora, who is known to routinely make it rain on midnight ballerinas, is no exception.
Sagittarians are seekers whose idealism draws them to quests and questions of the philosophical variety. Holders of a peculiar moral code believe in kindness as a concept more than a practice and tact as a socially constructed waste of time. Because of this, they are prone to blunt delivery and off-color commentary. 
Case in point: archer Chrissy Teigen, born November 30th who has taken vicious aim at the character and conduct of others; slut-shaming Farrah Abrams, wishing death on Cortney Stodden, and questioning the likability of 9-year old actress Quvenzhané Wallis. 
Ever willing to learn and improve, the upswing of a Sag is that they’re more likely than other signs to admit fault and course correct.
Pansexual powerhouse Janelle Monáe was born on Dec. 1. Unafraid and unapologetic, freedom is sacred to a Sag, and Monáe told Rolling Stone, “Being a queer black woman in America, someone who has been in relationships with both men and women — I consider myself to be a free-ass motherf—ker.” 
So may we all be. 
Born December 1, Zoë Kravitz upholds the Sag tenants of an open mind and withering commentary. Responding to critics of her iconic Met Gala naked dress, Kravitz said, “Being uncomfortable with the human body is colonization/brainwashing. It’s just a body. We all got em,” 
The pop icon was born on Dec. 2. 
Evidence of Brit’s sun sign can be found in her social media response to living single. 
In the wake of the news of her split from Sam Asghari, Spears took to Instagram to post not about her imminent divorce but about her love of polka dots and plans to purchase a pony named Roar or maybe Sophie. 
This is real deal unhinged optimist Sag energy here folks, back in the saddle, onward and upward and rhapsodizing about accessorizing her new life with a pink cowboy hat. 
Bless up and buck up baby. 
Beloved by fellow Sagittarius Taylor Swift, musician Charlie Puth was born on December 2. Archers like Puth live to let freedom ring, haters choke, and nipples reign.
Firebrand Lucy Liu was born on December 2. Unafraid to stand up to or dress down anyone — including “Charlie’s Angels” co-star Bill Murray — Liu is a shining example of her sun sign. 
Comedy queen Tiffany Haddish was born on December 3rd. Archers prize truth and can always be counted on to drop it in unexpected and often jarring ways, like Haddish, who came (pun intended) clean to costar Nicolas Cage about having her first notable orgasm during a screening of his film “Face/Off.” 
Whatever gets you there, Tiff. 
Endlessly curious with diverse skills and interests, archers usually make their money in more ways than one. Case in point: mogul Jay-Z, born December 4th, whose revenue streams include music, modeling, fashion, liquor selling, art collecting, and real estate. 
Meme queen Tyra Banks was born on December 4th. Double fire, her Sag sun is amplified by an Aries moon. 
Bold and brilliant comedian Margaret Cho was born on Dec. 5. 
Born on Dec. 8, 1982, Nicki Minaj has a Sagittarius stellium with her sun, Mercury, Venus, Uranus, and Neptune in the mutable fire sign.
A certified Dame and a bonafide hot b—h, the gift that is Judi Dench was given unto us on December 9th. 
The actress, singer, and sartorial sensation was born on Dec. 11. Her main piece, baller Josh Allen is a Gemini, making him her zodiac opposite. 
The electrifying, Oscar-winning actor was born on Dec. 13. 
Born unto us on December 13, 1989, Swift’s sun sign falls in Sagittarius. Ruled by planet Jupiter, the fun-loving drunk uncle of the zodiac, Sagittarius energy is expansive, optimistic, adventurous and a little guileless. 
Sagittarians are seekers, always looking for new horizons, higher learning, spiritual transcendence, and — in the case of T. Swift — fresh bros. 
True to the ethos of “Spinal Tap,” Sagittarians always want to have a good time all of the time. Born Dec. 14, 1991, Offset is a Sag sun with a Pisces moon.
Leave it to an archer to celebrate the birth of a child with wild abandon, a club appearance, and several bottles of tequila. 
Baby out, bottoms up, folks. 
Prolific actress Sarah Paulson was born on December 17th. Apropos of her sun sign, Paulson is a straight shooter who isn’t afraid to call out critics and haters alike. Hear hear.
Eternal babe Brad Pitt was born on December 18th and encapsulated the wandering tendencies of his sign when he espoused, “By nature, I keep moving, man. My theory is, be the shark. You’ve just got to keep moving.” 
Keep on keeping on, swimming strong, and aging like fine wine, brother.
Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars
Homegrown pop star and apex Sag Billie Eilish was born on Dec. 18. 
Sagittarius is represented by the archer, a centaur who casts his arrows and ambitions skyward, a fitting metaphor for Eilish’s “recording music in my bedroom one day to owning the internet the next” career trajectory. 
Sagittarius rules the Ninth House of higher learning, and Eilish — who was homeschooled from the get-go — reportedly passed her high school equivalency exam at the tender age of 15, proving the road to greatness often begins on an unpaved path. 
Living legend Jane Fonda was born on Dec. 21 and true to the high ideals and bold moves of her sign, she’s been fighting for change since she was old enough to speak her mind. 
Astrology 101: Your guide to the stars
Astrologer Reda Wigle researches and irreverently reports back on planetary configurations and their effect on each zodiac sign. Her horoscopes integrate history, poetry, pop culture, and personal experience. To book a reading, visit her website.
Kyle Thomas is a globally recognized pop culture astrologer who has been featured in Cosmopolitan Magazine, ABC Television, Hulu, Bustle, Elite Daily, House Beautiful, Marie Claire, YahooNews, MSN and more. He is known for his cosmic guidance for celebrities, business executives and prominent influencers. His work harnesses the power of the stars in regards to entertainment lifestyle and trends affecting people worldwide. For more information, visit KyleThomasAstrology.com.

				It will become apparent over the next two or three days that someone you thought you could trust has in fact been leading you on for quite some time. Don't waste your energy trying to hit back at them, just terminate the relationship once and for all. 			
Advertisement