Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
While it might look like a walk in the park to some, having a successful career as an influencer is more difficult than many people think—but being the offspring of someone famous makes it a lot easier.
It isn't uncommon for a "nepo baby" to grace our movie screens or hit the runway, but these days, they're also all over our social media feeds.
The term "nepotism baby" was popularized in the early 2010s, and years later it was eventually shortened to "nepo baby," which is when discourse really took off online. Many claim that famous children use their connections to gain roles or opportunities in the entertainment industry.
No matter what the career they choose to pursue is—acting, modeling, singing, or photography—the offspring of celebrities feature prominently on social media. Here, thousands, sometimes millions, of people follow them and engage with their content. They often have "built-in" social media followers because they have famous family members. While celebrities may want to deny it, being a nepo baby and having success on social media are inextricably linked.
Not only is having a lot of social media followers a great way to build your personal brand, which can result in new opportunities, but it can also mean your earnings potential may be higher.
However, being an influencer requires lots of hard work, time and consistency behind the scenes. Influencers who don't come from famous families have to commit to dedicating their time to building a loyal following and creating high-quality content that resonates with their audience.
But clearly, nepo babies have a leg up in the industry.
There are many famous nepo babies in the entertainment industry and for the majority of them, this has helped them gain a bountiful amount of followers on social media.
Take Lily-Rose Depp for example, the daughter of actor Johnny Depp and singer Vanessa Paradis, who has 8.4 million Instagram followers. She joined the social media app in 2014 and eight months later, she had already gained 116,000 followers, per Metro.
In a 2022 interview with Elle, Lily-Rose Depp objected to being called a "nepo baby," saying: "It's weird to me to reduce somebody to the idea that they're only there because it's a generational thing. It just doesn't make any sense."
She has found success as an actor, most recently starring in the HBO series The Idol, and while she might deny it, having famous parents has helped her success.
Lily-Rose Depp isn't the only offspring of somebody famous who has found success online. With 154,000 followers on Instagram, Claudia Conway is the daughter of Kellyanne Conway, a former senior White House aide for Donald Trump, and George T. Conway III, an attorney.
Claudia Conway has made a name for herself on social media for her opposing political opinions from her mom, and she went viral on TikTok, where she has 1.6 million followers, for her anti-Trump views in 2020.
Sofia Richie Grainge, the daughter of Lionel Richie and Diane Alexander, has 11 million followers on Instagram and is considered by many the current "It Girl." Her loyal followers have helped her gain work with brands such as Ralph Lauren, Skinceuticals, and Sol De Janeiro.
Brooklyn Peltz Beckham, the son of David and Victoria Beckham, has tried various hobbies over the years—from photography to cooking—with varying success. However, the one thing that has remained consistent is his impressive follower count, having 16.4 million followers on Instagram. While being the son of a famous soccer player and former Spice Girl has helped, his relationship with influencer and actor Nicola Peltz Beckham hasn't hurt either.
Model and influencer Hailey Bieber has built an impressive following on social media over the last few years thanks to her ability to jump on viral beauty trends. The fact that she's the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin—brother to Alec Baldwin—and married to Justin Bieber is a bonus. At the time of writing, she had 51.1 million followers on Instagram and 12.4 million on TikTok.
In January, Hailey Bieber was named skin care's biggest influencer by Traackr, with a Brand Vitality Score (VIT) of 133,000 in 2023, a 26% increase from 2022's figure.
Kendall and Kylie Jenner, daughters of Kris and Caitlyn Jenner, have also benefited from coming from a famous family.
In 2016, Vogue and British fashion designer Erdem Moralioglu called Kendall Jenner "The Instagirl" as they deemed she had revolutionized social media modeling. On Instagram, she has 294 million Instagram followers, and sister Kylie has 400 million. They have both endorsed a variety of brands over the years, such as Longchamp, Adidas, Estee Lauder and Calvin Klein.
However, the topic of nepo babies and their social media following is more nuanced than it first appears.
Take the country musician Elle King for example, the daughter of Rob Schneider and London King, who has 468,000 followers on Instagram. She intentionally launched her career under a different name so as not to be associated with her father.
Actor Maya Hawke, daughter of actors Uma Thurman and Ethan Hawke, has 9.6 million Instagram followers. While some people would most likely attribute this to her famous parents, Maya Hawke has been successful in her own right.
She didn't foster a following before working professionally and after attending Juilliard following school, Maya Hawke became a working actor and musician. Her huge social media following can be attributed to her role on Stranger Things and her music career, which began with the release of her debut album in 2020 when she was 21.
That being said, having famous parents has clearly helped both of them get their foot in the door.
Newsweek emailed spokespeople for Lily-Rose Depp, Brooklyn Peltz Beckham, Hailey Bieber, and Kendall and Kylie Jenner and messaged Claudia Conway on Instagram for comment. Richie Grainge, King and Maya Hawke declined to comment.
Nikita Walia, founder and CEO at BLANK Strategy Inc. told Newsweek that nepotism thrives in the influencer world.
"In our attention economy, where influencers are aspirational figures, it's natural that fame breeds fame. These celebrity kids already have the audience and resources most influencers fight for. The internet may seem like a level playing field, but established measures of success still hold a lot of power," she said.
Walia explained that at a minimum, nepo babies can make six figures per post if they are attached to someone famous enough.
"Hailey Bieber disclosed she made $150,000 on a single post in 2019. I am sure she has been signing bigger deals since. She recently became a brand ambassador for FILA, and if Rihanna's deal with PUMA in 2014 was $1 million, I am sure Hailey is making similar figures," she continued.
"Hailey, of course, is the 'It Girl,' so she can command a bigger sum than someone without a similar level of audience engagement. Brooklyn Beckham was famously dropped from his £1 million ($1.25 million) deal with Superdry recently—likely because he doesn't engage his audience in the same way."
Toni Ferrara, Founder of Ferrara Media, explained that rates for social media posts vary widely based on fame, engagement and brand budget. She said that these days, their rates will typically start at $250,000.
"Notably, stars like Hailey Bieber and Kylie Jenner command staggering fees, with Hailey now possibly in the $500,000+ range and Kylie demanding $1 million per post. While $100,000 exceeds the annual income of most individuals, for the wealthy and renowned offspring of celebrities, such earnings can materialize from a single Instagram post," she told Newsweek.
Ferrara used a 2018 post from Richie Grainge, her first branded partnership photo, to detail her point. The photo sees her lounging on a staircase in a pair of Uggs beside a dog, with the caption "Happy Sunday! @ugg."
This seemingly innocuous post resulted in a $100,000 paycheck for her—and that was back in 2018.
Ferrara added: "In 2023 Cosmopolitan.com suggested that the young star could be making anywhere up to $250,000 per post on Instagram. Add in her branded partnerships with brands like Ralph Lauren, Missguided, Skinceuticals, newly announced Sol De Janeiro, and there's no doubt that Sofia's ranking in huge paychecks on the daily."
"Brooklyn Beckham can thank his famous parents for his $100,000+ paydays and add in his gorgeous ultra-influencer wife in the mix and that power couple can demand $250,000+ per partnership."
Stacy Jones, founder and CEO of Hollywood Branded, a pop culture creative agency, told Newsweek that these famous faces "inherit an audience," which can make pursuing a career in social media easier.
"In the world of social media and influencer marketing, discussing nepo babies like Brooklyn Peltz Beckham and Hailey Bieber opens up an interesting conversation about the blend of privilege and challenge that comes with their territory," she said.
"These individuals, stepping into the limelight from the get-go due to their family names, find themselves at a unique starting point. They inherit an audience, potential brand partnerships, and a level of media visibility that others work years to achieve."
According to Jones, having a recognizable last name "absolutely" serves as an initial boost in the crowded space of social media, adding: "It's like having a fast pass to opportunities that others might only dream of."
Diana Zheng, the head of marketing at Stallion Express, understands the ins and outs of social media influencer marketing, especially regarding e-commerce influencers. She told Newsweek that when it comes to nepo babies entering the world of influencer marketing, it's a mix of privilege and chance.
"Just look at the names of some of the most famous nepo-babies who have entered the influencer world," she said. "These nepo-babies are born into a world of fame and fortune.
"Their strength lies not only in their family names, but also in the huge network and resources they are born into. Whether it's access to world-class photographers or exclusive events, their path to success as influencers isn't the same as the average Joe or Jane starting from scratch. But that doesn't mean everything is easy."
While there are lots of benefits to being the child of a famous person, such as gaining an impressive amount of social media followers, Jones said this initial advantage doesn't necessarily simplify their journey.
In fact, she explained that there's often a catch.
"The scrutiny and pressure that accompany the 'nepo baby' label can be intense. The challenge for these individuals lies in proving their worth beyond their family connections, striving to establish a personal brand that resonates authenticity and stands out for the right reasons," she said.
"In the influencer world, being genuine is key to connecting with an audience. This is where the unique position of nepo babies becomes particularly interesting.
"The very criticisms and challenges they face push them to work harder at showcasing their individual talents, interests, and personality. It's about making that shift from being known simply for their famous lineage to earning recognition for their own contributions and engagement with their followers."
A core part of having a successful social media career is engagement and Jones explained that the offspring of celebrities have the opportunity to leverage their initial visibility to build more meaningful connections with their audience.
She said that if they take the time to share their true selves online, they could transform their inherited audience into a genuinely engaged community.
"So, while the term 'nepo baby' might suggest a smooth ride to social media fame, the reality encompasses a more intricate balance of leveraging inherited visibility while earnestly earning influence," Jones told Newsweek.
"It's about navigating the unique set of expectations and pressures with grace and authenticity. In the landscape of influencer marketing, nepo babies have the chance to prove that while their platform may have been given, their influence is something they've worked to build and maintain."
Zheng echoed this point by explaining that even though they have the advantage of time, nepo babies face tremendous pressure and scrutiny.
"Their every move is scrutinized, every post scrutinized. The challenge of authenticity becomes huge—is it really possible to be relatable when your reality is so different from that of your followers? How do you balance privilege with relatable?" she queried.
However, she added that this is where their advantage comes in: "They can access mentors and advice from experienced influencers or family members who have made it into the public eye. Mentorship can help them gain a better understanding of the power and responsibility of their platform."
As a social media specialist, Zheng encourages famous offspring to take advantage of their privilege and use their platform for advocacy and change, not just for personal gain. She added: "By recognizing their privilege and using it to amplify marginalized voices or shine a light on important topics, they can transform their privilege into a powerful force for good."
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC