The pregnancy glow is real, people
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Hailey Bieber is savoring her last maternity-style moments. The model—who is due any day now—shared a mirror selfie on Friday, cradling her baby bump while posing in a chic red minidress from friend Kylie Jenner’s Khy brand. Whether it was due to her pregnancy or just a residual sun-kissed glow from her recent tropical getaway with husband Justin, she looked radiant. 
Her sleeveless dress featured a shoulder tie on the right side, leaving ribbons of red fabric to cascade down Bieber’s arm. The bodycon fit of the Khy ensemble perfectly outlined her curves, most notably her baby bump. She complemented the vivid red color of the minidress with coordinating emoji, adding heart, rose, orange, and carrot motifs to her Instagram Story post. 
While the dress strayed from Hailey’s usual maternity style, she paired the look with her familiar favorites, including her sparkling “B” necklace, chunky gold hoop earrings, and signature slicked-back bun. The Rhode founder finished off her outfit with a pair of pointed butter-yellow kitten heels, which featured a sweet bow detail at the toes. The angle of her mirror selfie also allowed her to show off a pink Rhode phone case, complete with one of the brand’s peptide lip treatments nestled in the case’s back. 
Naturally, Bieber included the lip product in her glam. The clear gloss, along with bronzed skin and a berry blush, gave the model a soft, summery sheen. An iridescent yellow mani, reminiscent of her famous “glazed doughnut” nails, topped off her look. 
With Hailey’s due date right around the corner, baby Bieber could be arriving soon. Hailey and Justin seem to have made the most of their last few months alone, cuddling up during their baby shower and jetting off on a babymoon—a “honeymoon”-style vacation before the birth of a new child. The couple seems ready to add a third to the family, and while the gender of the child is still unknown, there’s no doubt he or she will be among the best-dressed infants. 
A Guide to All the 2025 Met Gala Co-Chairs
Nicola Coughlan’s Dress Is Taller Than Her
Florence Pugh's Dress Gives Old Hollywood Charm
Dua Lipa Wows in a Chocolate Mesh Dress
Blake Lively Is Radiant in Two Spring Looks
Blake Lively Goes Method in Fitted Suit
Princess Kate Is Country Club-Chic in Ireland
Rumi Joins Beyoncé and Blue Ivy on Stage
Bella Hadid Proves the Western Look Can Be So Chic
Duchess Meghan Wishes She Had Met Princess Diana
Duchess Meghan Receives a Letter From Her Kids
Kylie Jenner Heralds the Onset of Summer in White
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.