Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
Nearly 20 years later, Carrie Underwood is returning to her “American Idol” roots to replace Katy Perry on the star-studded judges’ panel.
Related Articles


			Ruth Buzzi dies at 88; actor co-starred in groundbreaking sketch comedy ‘Laugh-In’		




			East Bay director shot by Alec Baldwin disses actor’s reality TV show		




			50 years later, Kiss legend Gene Simmons reflects on ‘Rock and Roll All Nite’		




			Hugh Jackman ripped for Blake Lively support amid Sutton Foster drama		




			Who is Jeff Sperbeck? NFL agent who fell from golf cart driven by John Elway had Bay Area ties		

The fourth season winner, 41, will head back to the ABC singing competition  — which aired on Fox when she was crowned in 2005 —for the network’s upcoming 8th season, launching Aug. 12, Deadline reports.
She’ll join returning judges Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan.
The 8-time Grammy winner shared an Instagram reel Thursday confirming the news and featuring several clips from her time on the show, captioned: “From #AmericanIdol hopeful, to global icon…to IDOL judge! Home-grown superstar @carrieunderwood will join us for Season 8!”
Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, Meghan Trainor and Pink were also reportedly in talks to replace the “Roar” singer, 39, who announced her pending departure earlier this year.
ABC — which renewed “Idol” in May — brought Perry, Bryan and Richie on board in 2018 during its 16th season.
Host Ryan Seacrest congratulated Underwood on the return with a throwback from her initial “Idol” tenure.
“It’s a full-circle moment from announcing you as the winner of @americanidol 20 years ago to now welcoming you to the judge’s table,” he wrote. “Welcome home @carrieunderwood!”
Back in February, Perry announced on “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” that she would shift her focus back to music.
“I think this probably will be my last show, my last season for ‘Idol,’” she said at the time. “I love the show so much, but I wanna go and see the world and maybe bring new music.”
Perry also said she’d be open to returning “if they’ll have me one day!”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group