Getty Images (4)
When it comes to experiencing their first kiss, some celebrities have pretty awkward stories!
Cole Sprouse, for example, had his first kid in the back of a hearse.
“Charlene was her name,” the Riverdale star told W Magazine in July 2019. “We sat in that area of the casket and we pulled up in the curtains and we’re making scary ghoulish faces out of the window to passing cars, which we thought was hilarious at the time, and I still think it’s quite hilarious. Then, we pecked on the lips and it was just lightning in a bottle. I got the kiss of death.”
While the former Disney Channel star had a pretty dark story about his first smooch. Other stars kissed fellow celebs on camera for the first time ever. Cole’s brother, Dylan Sprouse, had to kiss Selena Gomez on an episode of The Suite Life of Zack and Cody.
“It was my first kiss — [and] on camera! It was one of the worst days of my life!” Selena revealed on The Kelly Clarkson Show in March 2020.
The songstress added, “I actually leaned in to kiss him, and I had my eyes closed a little too early and I ended up missing like half of his lip. So it ended up being the most awkward kiss in the world.”
Another Disney alum, Keke Palmer, also had her first kiss on the network. The actress locked lips with Corbin Bleu in the Disney Channel Original Movie Jump In!
“I was very, very nervous,” she told Access Online in 2013. “I was like, ‘Oh, my gosh, this is the first person I am kissing outside of my family.’ It was real scary for me.”
These aren’t the only stars who’ve had some pretty awkward first kisses. Celebs like Taylor Swift, Zac Efron, Shawn Mendes, Justin Bieber, Ed Sheeran, Lili Reinhart, Harry Styles, Dove Cameron, Zayn Malik, Niall Horan, Camila Cabello, Noah Centineo, Lana Condor and Millie Bobby Brown, among others, have all shared all the details on their first kisses.
Scroll through our gallery to discover all your favorite celebrities’ juicy first kiss stories.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 27
Getty Images
“It was backstage at Victoria Palace, the theater for Billy Elliot,” the actor told W Magazine in February 2021. “There were five of us playing truth or dare. It was a good time. I definitely fancied her.”
2 of 27
Vittorio Zunino Celotto/Getty Images
“It was on set of a movie, I was so nervous,” she told W Magazine in August 2019 “I think I didn’t even process that I had to do it until I was there. I was like, ‘Oh s–t, I’m about to make out with someone for the first time.’ It was horrifying and my mom was on set — not that she really cared, not that it was awkward for us, but it was definitely strange. It was an older guy so that was weird. Afterwards I was thinking, ‘Wow. I didn’t even have to try that hard. I didn’t really have to think about what I was doing, it just sort of happened.’ So I guess that was a relief. I think I was just happy to have it over with.”
3 of 27
Taylor Hill/FilmMagic
“My first non-celebrity crush? I think I was 3 years old! I got started early, wow. It was very intense. I think he felt… obligated,” the Girl Meets World actress told Teen Vogue in July 2019. “We were in the kiddie pool one day and then I went upstairs to my room and he barged into the room, kissed me, wiped his mouth off and then left!”
4 of 27
Getty Images
Millie’s first kiss was with Finn Wolfhard for a scene in Stranger Things.
“My dad was watching. My dad watched the whole thing, my whole family was there, and it was the most awkward thing in the world. It’s awkward,” she said in a June 2019 interview. “It’s awkward, we’re 15 years old. It’s not like, ‘all right, let’s just do it.’ We’re obviously like, ‘OK… what do you wanna do now? Shall we hug?’ No idea what to do. There’s not really preparation.”
5 of 27
Lisa Rose/Nickelodeon/Paramount+
“You know who my first kiss was? Evan Rachel Wood, the actress,” he shared in a March 2019 YouTube video. “It was an acting class kids party. She kissed me, she kissed me for real, she kissed me good and a while. Thank you, Evan, for doing that. She’s so pretty and so talented and so nice. Generous, really.”
6 of 27
Getty Images
“The first kiss that I can remember with a boy that I really, really, really had a big crush on when I was probably 12 or 13,” the model told Harper’s Bazaar in 2019. “We were sledding at my house, we did a little jump onto the driveway, and we were laying there and laughing, and there was snow on the ground, and we kissed.”
7 of 27
(Photo by Tommaso Boddi/WireImage)
Dove’s first kiss was with her Cloud 9 costar Luke Benward!
“We had to kiss in the audition in order to get our roles,” the Descendants actress told Seventeen Magazine in 2018. “I was so shy, you guys, so intimidated. And he’s like this massive mountain man, even when he was 17.”
8 of 27
Photo by Stefania D'Alessandro/WireImage
“I was a chubby lad and I wasn’t very successful with women for a long time, but I think my first kiss was on a set and I think it might have been with Selena Gomez,” he told Young Hollywood in 2018.
9 of 27
(Photo by Rodin Eckenroth/FilmMagic)
“It was this boy that I was obsessed with my whole time in elementary school,” Camila told The New York Times in 2018. “He kissed me on the cheek, and I ran away — I still do that when someone wants to kiss me.”
10 of 27
Photo by Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images
“It was in sixth grade and it was a dare,” the To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before actress revealed to Seventeen Magazine in 2018. “It was with this little boy … he was way shorter than me, and it was the first time I ever kissed anyone. We went in … very puckered … and it was a weird, textural, experience that I don’t want to go through again.”
11 of 27
Gary Gershoff/WireImage
“I was 15 years old, and I was at this hotel and there was a dance convention,” he told Seventeen Magazine in 2018. “I saw this girl and she was just [a] super cute dancer. I went up to her and was like, ‘Hey! Can we go to a movie? Would you like to?’ She was like, ‘Yeah, sure.’ So we went to the movie, it was [Cowboys & Aliens], uh, Daniel Craig, and we watched the film and then we held hands … and I walked her back to her hotel room, and I looked at her and was like, ‘Goodnight kiss?’ She was like, ‘Mmhmm.’ And we kissed, then the door closed. There’s a part in Sierra Burgess Is a Loser where I get Veronica to agree to go on a date with me, and I just turn away from the desk and I’m like [screams]. That was pretty much what I did when I was 15 when I got my first kiss.”
12 of 27
Joe Scarnici/Getty Images for GQ
“I dated a boy that I held hands with in the hallway because someone in theater told me he liked me. And then like three weeks into our relationship, we were like, ‘We should try kissing.’ Then he kissed me,” Debby told Young Hollywood in 2018. “I’m pretty sure I broke up with him not long after that because he told someone.”
13 of 27
Photo by Greg Doherty/WireImage
“I think first kisses in general are awkward because it’s like, ‘Oh, my God I don’t know what to do.’ It’s never adorable, it’s never cute, you just want to get it over with and out of the way,” the told Hollywood Life in November 2014. “Which is exactly what I can say for me. It was like, mwah — ‘OK, I’m done!’ I think I said, ‘Oh, it’s finally over.'”
14 of 27
(Photo by David M. Benett/Dave Benett/Getty Images)
“My first kiss was at my friend’s house. We were watching a movie — I want to say it was a horror movie — and I was with the guy that I liked. I was about 14 or 15, we both had braces. And my friend and the guy that she liked left the room, so we had our first kiss and it was horrible and awkward. You know, lots of metal happening,” she told W Magazine in 2016. “I was happy to wait a while ’til our next kiss. I think it was more about our first kiss thing, than actually wanting to kiss him all the time.”
15 of 27
JB Lacroix/WireImage
“I had been hanging out a lot with one of my guitarists. We went out to eat, listened to rock records at his house that I faked my way through enjoying, and took trips to the mall that he faked his way through enjoying,” she told Seventeen Magazine in 2014. “I knew I was ready… to kiss him. I knew he wouldn’t judge the fact that I hadn’t kissed anyone before. I knew he wouldn’t laugh when I looked at him like a deer in the headlights as I tried to figure out which way to cock my head. I just knew.”
The actress continued, “He dropped me off at [my hotel] and the goodbyes were lingering, a terrifying sign for me. My heart started pounding faster (out of paranoia, not love). He was 6-foot-3 and I wasn’t wearing heels, so our height difference surpassed a foot. Regardless of the awkward popped-leg, lean-down he did, or my strange selection of hand placement, we kissed. He left.”
16 of 27
Steve Granitz/WireImage
“I was in 8th grade. I was at a party and it was very nothing, just a very quick kiss, and everyone made a massive deal about it,” Shawn told Seventeen in 2014.
17 of 27
Photo by Gregg DeGuire/FilmMagic
“My first kiss ever? It was on camera, so my first ever kiss in life, in movies, in anything, was on camera. It was in this movie I did called Little Manhattan,” the Hunger Games actor told Seventeen Magazine in November 2013 issue. “I was 11 years old and I was filming in New York City… it was a horrible first kiss, because I had a crew of like 50 people standing around watching me and it was the most non-real, non-intimate that I could possibly have for my first kiss, I think.”
18 of 27
Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images
“I was in my house with my best friend and this girl and her friend. We were just watching a film and then we kissed,” he shared in a 2013 interview. “I think I pretended I’d kissed someone before because it was cooler. Was I any good? Probably!”
19 of 27
(Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images)
“Mine was when I was 13. I was really short and she was really tall, so I had to put a brick against the wall and stand on it to reach her face,” he told Seventeen Magazine in 2012.
20 of 27
Photo by Miikka Skaffari/FilmMagic
“I was 11. It was in my backyard because I was locked out of the house,” the “Back To You” singer told Seventeen Magazine.
21 of 27
Photo by Taylor Hill/Getty Images for Boston Calling
“My first kiss was with a foreign exchange student,” Niall told Sugarscape in 2011. “She came over from France when I was 11 and she was staying at my friend’s house and I got to know her and ended up kissing her.”
22 of 27
Getty Images
Victoria‘s first kiss was on set of Suite Life and Zack and Cody too! When she appeared in an episode back in 2005, she got to smooch Dylan’s brother, Cole.
“It was in front of a live audience, so that was cool,” she told Popstar! Magazine about the kiss in 2011.
23 of 27
Jesse Grant/Getty Images for Paramount+
“I worked on a TV show called Doc, starring Billy Ray Cyrus, when I was 9 years old. His daughter, Miley Cyrus, was my first kiss and girlfriend,” the Teen Wolf actor told Seventeen Magazine in June 2011. “We dated for two years and broke up when we were 11. I saw her three years later on TV, and freaked out! We’re still friends.”
24 of 27
Leon Bennett/Getty Images
Miranda‘s first kiss was with her iCarly costar Nathan Kress.
“It was a little strange because I’ve known him since we were both 13 and we were like 16, I think, in that episode and — I don’t know, I just feel like I’ve known him for such a long time, and he’s like my brother because I’m with him every day. So, it was a little funny,” she told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette in 2011.
25 of 27
Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue
“It was kinda awkward,” the singer told ET Canada in 2011. “I was, like, 11 or 12 and I was on a snow hill, and it was late and we were all cold and I was with this girl, and we were together, and then I kissed her. It was really awkward.”
26 of 27
Photo by Gareth Cattermole/WireImage for Parkwood
“I was one of the last of my friends to ever kiss a guy,” she revealed to TigerBeat in 2008. “It wasn’t a bad kiss. I think it was cute. We ended up dating for a year!”
27 of 27
VALERIE MACON/AFP via Getty Images
“It was in a tree fort. It was over a game of truth or dare, but turned into ‘make out with the other person.’ I was, like, the only boy and there was a bunch of girls,” he recalled to Seventeen Magazine in 2008. “I was pretty stoked.”
It's Over Paris Berelc Confirms Split From Jack Griffo as She Kisses Another Guy
New Couple Alert KJ Apa Is Spotted Kissing His ‘A Dog’s Purpose’ Costar Britt Robertson
Moving On Jacob Elordi Is Spotted Kissing a New Girl After His Split From Joey King
Spilling the Tea Kiernan Shipka Reveals Which of the 'CAOS' Guys Is the Best Kisser
Mwah Cara Delevingne and Ashley Benson Share a Steamy Kiss on Instagram
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved