Exciting news for the Bieber family! Hailey and Justin Bieber are officially parents, and they couldn’t be happier to share the joy with the world. The 27-year-old model and founder of Rhode and the 30-year-old pop sensation welcomed their first child together, a baby boy, on Friday night (August 23).
Justin took to Instagram to announce the arrival of their little one. He posted a heartwarming photo of the newborn’s tiny foot, captioning it in all caps, “WELCOME HOME.” The simple yet touching post quickly garnered millions of likes and comments from fans and celebrities alike, all congratulating the new parents.
But that wasn’t all—Justin also revealed the name of their newborn son: Jack Blues Bieber. The name carries a special significance for the couple, as it ties into a family tradition. As fans of the pop star might know, the initials JB have a long-standing history in the Bieber family. Of course, Justin himself is a prime example, but the tradition actually started with his father, Jeremy Bieber.
Jeremy also has two other children with JB initials: Jazmyn and Jaxon. And in a sweet nod to family heritage, Jeremy’s middle name is Jack, making little Jack Blues’ name even more meaningful for the entire Bieber clan.
The couple has been relatively private about their journey to parenthood, but back in late July, Justin gave fans a glimpse of their excitement when he shared several photos of a very pregnant Hailey. The images, which featured the couple looking lovingly at each other and at Hailey’s growing baby bump, were a rare and intimate look into their life as they prepared to welcome their son.
Justin and Hailey first announced that they were expecting back in May, and since then, fans have been eagerly awaiting news of the baby’s arrival. The Biebers, who tied the knot in 2018, have always been open about their desire to start a family, and this new chapter in their lives is something they’ve both looked forward to for a long time.
In the weeks leading up to Jack’s birth, the couple kept a relatively low profile, focusing on getting ready for their new roles as parents. Now, with their son finally here, it’s clear that they are ready to embrace every moment of this new adventure.
As one of the most famous couples in the world, Justin and Hailey’s journey into parenthood is sure to be closely watched by fans and media alike. But for now, the couple seems content to enjoy these precious first moments with their newborn son in the privacy of their home.
Here’s to the new parents and their bundle of joy—welcome to the world, Jack Blues Bieber!
By: Michelle |
August 26, 2024

in ENTERTAINMENT, FASHION, Featured Post, LIFESTYLE, MUSIC  
Popstar! Magazine brings you the latest in celebrity, entertainment and lifestyle news from around the world. Now in our 21st year, we continue to set the standard in the ever evolving field of millennial entertainment. We pride ourselves on being your number one source for accurate information about the topics you care about, including entertainment, beauty, fashion, health, wellbeing and news. Popstar! provides high quality videos for you to binge watch and we now offer a completely free digital bonus magazine that goes in depth to provide exclusive celebrity stories that you won’t find anywhere else. Popstar’s radio station provides you with tomorrow’s pop, rock and hip-hop hits, today. Streaming music and talk radio 24/7!
Connect with Popstar! on social media to stay up to date with all of the latest news and share your feedback. We would love to hear from you!