If the New York Yankees have completely lost their aura, it’s not due to lack of support from the Canadian pop star Justin Bieber.
From a strictly sartorial perspective, Bieber is a longtime Major League Baseball fan; whether it’s the Los Angeles Angels or the Atlanta Braves, if a team produces and sells its own New Era fitted hat, they may well have found a place in JB’s heart (or at least his closet). According to the MLB blog Cut4, Bieber’s nondenominational fondness for the American pastime is a longstanding phenomenon; by 2019, he’d “expressed some preference for (at least) 10 MLB teams, a third of the league.” Giants, White Sox, Royals, Cubs—he loves them all.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
“I support all sports,” Bieber tweeted in 2017. “I’ll put ANY jersey from ANY pro team if I’m whack for wearing jerseys they give me out of love then I’m Whack.” Honestly, an awesome sentiment. Let’s get this guy on Eric Adams’s PR team.
But ahead of the Yankees’ ugly Game 5 loss, Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey went out for a relaxing date night earlier this week at Pellequr Luxury Spa in Beverly Hills. As usual, Bieber dressed down in a gray zip-up hoodie, Rick Owens “Porterville” gym shorts, Loewe shearling boots, and a Yankees fitted cap rendered in rhinestone-embellished navy satin.
Whether or not JB knew the Yanks would seal their fate with a Game 3 loss that very night is between him and a higher power, but it’s no matter now. He’s definitely got at least a few Dodgers hats kicking around somewhere.
This Is the Coolest Way to Wear Jeans in 2025
Justin Bieber’s Most Normal Outfit in Ages Is Worth Copying All Spring
Inside the Fight to Save American Selvedge Denim
Nike Is Dropping a GoldenEye 007-Themed Air Max 1 This Week
Tuxedo vs. Suit: A 101 Guide to Men’s Formal Dress Codes
Sign up for Show Notes to get news on the latest runway shows, parties, and insider events on the international fashion circuit.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices