All products featured on Glamour are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
Blue really is Hailey Bieber’s color.
On September 12, the 27-year-old model was spotted in Beverly Hills for one of the first times since welcoming her son, Jack Blues Bieber—and there could be a sentimental meaning behind her cozy athleisure look. The new mom was spotted in basic black leggings, white crew socks, and black sneakers, paired with an electric blue zip-up hoodie. However, that wasn’t her only use of the color that just so happens to match her newborn’s middle name.
Though it’s not cold enough in LA to wear two sweaters, Hailey tied another cozy electric blue pullover over her shoulders, keeping the look from skewing too ’80s with a nod to the country club aesthetic. She topped everything off with a large black tote, a pair of skinny sunglasses, and her signature glossy lip. You can see the photo here.
Justin Bieber announced the birth of the couple’s first child with a “welcome home” message to his son on Instagram on August 22. The 30-year-old pop star shared a snap of baby Jack’s tiny foot in Hailey’s French-manicured hand (a nail design he picked out), revealing the newborn’s name to the world in the caption.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Not only does Jack appear to be named after his grandfather, Jeremy Jack Bieber, he also shares his “JB” initials with multiple family members on his dad’s side. Clearly, the Biebers are a sentimental crew, and we can probably expect some more sartorial odes to their new member in the future.
Perhaps Justin will bring back his blue Drew House hoodies and Hailey will revive the blueberry milk nail trend (RIP). Oh, wait, has Rhode released a blueberry peptide lip treatment yet? The possibilities are endless!
Justin and Hailey Bieber  on December 17, 2022, in Los Angeles
Beyond reposting Justin’s announcement on her Instagram Stories, Hailey Bieber has yet to post about her son on social media—and it’s very possible she will keep his presence on her accounts minimal. The model, who has faced her share of online hate and backlash over the years, previously shared her fears about subjecting future children to online bullying. “I want kids so bad but I get scared,” she told The Sunday Times in May 2023. “It’s enough that people say things about my husband or my friends. I can’t imagine having to confront people saying things about a child.”
Hailey continued, “We can only do the best we can to raise them. As long as they feel loved and safe.”
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices