By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:50, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  01:54, 13 December 2024   
 23
View  comments
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are celebrating their engagement and their famous friends are flocking to the comments section on Instagram with well wishes. 
The music producer, 36, proposed to the Emilia Perez star, 32, on Wednesday and she posted loved up pics of the couple as well as shots of her gorgeous marquise cut diamond ring.
And while support from stars like her BFF since 2008 Taylor Swift are to be expected, subtle support from her ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber's, 30, wife Hailey Bieber is a surprise.
The Rhode Beauty founder, 28, hit the like button on the post featuring a close up of the Only Murders in the Building star's ring and a photo of Benny embracing her while Selena giggles with her left hand over her mouth. 
Forever begins now..' the Wizards of Waverly Place actress wrote in the caption of her Instagram post, which showed a series of sweet snaps from the day. 
Selena and Justin dated on and off from 2010 to 2018 and there have long been rumors of a feud between Hailey and Selena. 
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are celebrating their engagement and their famous friends are flocking to the comments section on Instagram with well wishes
The two have been rumored to be in a spat for years, after the pair seemingly started shading each other on social media - amid Hailey's marriage to Gomez's famous ex.
Justin and Hailey in September 2018, just six months after he split with Selena for the final time.
In June of 2023, Hailey addressed the feud with Selena while promoting her Rhode skin care line in an interview with Emily Chang for Bloomberg's The Circuit.
She believed the fight stemmed from people's 'made up narratives' of what the celebrities' lives are like, or, rather, what they hope they are.
'There's narratives that exist for me that really hurt my feelings and make me really upset.'
When Chang pressed on the 'ongoing drama' between Bieber and 'another celebrity,' the brunette model was keen to have her say.
'I don't think that this is about me, Hailey Bieber, and Selena Gomez,' she explained.
'This is not about this pitting between two women - it's about the vile, disgusting hatred that can come from completely made-up and twisted, and perpetuated narratives, that can be really dangerous.
And while support from stars like her BFF since 2008 Taylor Swift are to be expected, subtle support from her ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber's, 30, wife Hailey Bieber is a surprise
The Rhode Beauty founder, 28, hit the like button on the post featuring a close up of the Only Murders in the Building star's ring 
Forever begins now..' the Wizards of Waverly Place actress wrote in the caption of her Instagram post, which showed a series of sweet snaps from the day
Hailey continued: 'I don't like this whole idea of team this person and team this person - I want to be able to bring people together and I think that it was a really important moment for people to see that you can do that and it doesn't have to be about this divisive nature.'
Chang described it as a 'frustrating old narrative' because it was two women 'being pitted against each other over a man.'
Bieber shrieked back: 'Because of a guy! It's awful! I hate it! I've hated it since the beginning and it goes back to being misunderstood.'
Gomez has been dating Blanco since June 2023, though she did not confirm the relationship until that December.
At the time, she used Instagram to confirm to fans that she'd been secretly dating the hitmaker for six months and that he was her 'absolute everything.'
Before getting romantic, Gomez and Blanco were friends for over a decade and even worked on music together.
He has produced three of the singer's biggest hits, including the 2021 tune I Can't Get Enough and 2015's Same Old Love.
Last month, Blanco revealed that it was Gomez who made the first move on Kai Cenat's Twitch stream.
Gomez has been dating Blanco since June 2023, though she did not confirm the relationship until that December
Hailey and Justin got married in September 2018, just six months after he and Selena broke up for the last time. Hailey and Justin went on to welcome a son this year. Seen on March 2, 2024
At the time, she used Instagram to confirm to fans that she'd been secretly dating the hitmaker for six months and that he was her 'absolute everything'
'She asked me out. It was crazy, it was crazy. She literally asked me... like we were just talking, and then she said, "You wanna get dinner?" And I went to the dinner, and I had no idea,' he explained.
Blanco claimed he wasn't 'nervous' because he already knew Gomez on a personal and professional level.
'No [I wasn't nervous], 'cause I've been friends with her for years. We've been friends for like 10 years plus, maybe 15,' he told Cenat.
Blanco said he and Gomez got drinks but that he didn't immediately realize that he and the Rare Beauty founder were on a date.
'I didn't even realize we were on a date. And she was like, "I would've worn something different to this date." And I was like, "Wait, what? We're on a date?" I had no idea. No idea we were on a date,' he said.
'She left early because she had to go somewhere to film a video the next day, and then we hung out like two days later, and then I was like, "Yo, I think she likes me." And then I literally just kissed her, and the rest is history.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group