A plan to build a huge concert arena in a Scottish city is to go before councillors.


  A hearing has been called because of the “significant public interest” of the venue plan put forward by AEG Europe, the firm behind the Taylor Swift Murrayfield Stadium concerts starting today.


  The firm says it is “at the forefront in delivering international tours with world-renowned artists including Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran and Justin Bieber”.


READ MORE:  Plans lodged for 'spectacular' new arena


  AEG Europe, the owner and promoter of London's O2 arena, submitted the planning application for the arena to the City of Edinburgh Council in February.


One of the entrances to the concert hall (Image: AEG Europe)


   The plan for the Edinburgh Park Arena will go before a hearing in the Scottish capital on Wednesday.


  Council planners recommended the development be approved.


READ MORE: Plans for 8,500 capacity stadium


  “The proposal complies with the development plan and the principle of development is acceptable in this location.


There will be 4,671 standing in the new arena (Image: AEG Europe)


  “The proposal will be in a sustainable location and will contribute to compact urban growth, local living and 20-minute neighbourhoods.


  “A wider mix of uses will be achieved in Edinburgh Park. The proposal will encourage the use of sustainable transport modes and the use of conditions relating to cycle and pedestrian paths and queue management will mitigate the impact on roads and paths and at the public transport stops. Public safety and equalities matters have been considered and mitigation secured through planning conditions.”


READ MORE: Everything you need to know as Taylor Swift comes to Edinburgh's Murrayfield


  Planning documents added: “The council is committed to extending public involvement in the planning process. Hearings allow members of the public to put their views on planning applications direct to the councillors on the development management sub-committee.”


  The 8,500-capacity venue will have space for 4,671 standing and the rest seated.


  It is estimated the building will employ 1,350 people per annum once up and running.


  Alex Hill, AEG Europe, said: “We are thrilled to be progressing with our plans for a spectacular new arena for Edinburgh. The city has long been renowned as a destination for global culture and one of the world’s best for the arts and live entertainment. We’re excited to build on this.”


  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.