Hailey Bieber seems to be going "business as usual" following Sean 'P Diddy' Combs' arrest, according to a body language expert.
Combs acted as a mentor to Hailey's husband Justin Bieber when the singer was starting out in his career. Videos of Diddy interacting with a teen Justin have resurfaced on social media after the rapper was arrested on charges including sex trafficking.
Amid the drama, Hailey was seen leaving a Pilates class in West Hollywood on Saturday with her best friend Kendall Jenner. Body language expert Judi James said Hailey seems to be trying to get on with her life.
READ MORE: Vanessa Feltz's ex Ben Ofoedu fuels engagement rumours as he shops for new bed with beau
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Speaking exclusively to The Mirror US, James said: "Hailey's body language here suggests a very polite, non-verbal version of the phrase 'No comment'."
The body language expert continued: "Her head is lowered but not so far down to suggest a desire to hide from the cameras altogether and the way she clutches a drinks cup in either hand suggests it's business as usual and that she's getting on with life as a new mom."
"She also wears a micro-smile with the slightest upward curl of the corners of her lips helping to avoid creating any drama by looking dour or stressed." Hailey opted for a casual outfit for her Pilates session, wearing a fuzzy grey zip-up jacket and off-white yoga pants.
She carried around a smoothie and tied her back into a bun. Hailey covered her face with a pair of black sunglasses, while her pal Kendall used a black umbrella to hide herself from the cameras.
The outing comes as Hailey is said to have been acting as a "gatekeeper" for her husband in the light of allegations against P Diddy. Combs was arrested last month in New York and later charged with sex trafficking, racketeering conspiracy, transportation and engaging in prostitution. He has denied the charges and pled not guilty in court.
His trial is set for May 2025.
Hailey took to Instagram recently and shared an old picture of Justin shirtless, flipping off to the cameras, captioning it: "Mood." A source claimed Hailey's choice of photo was her way of expressing her stance on the current situation.
The source told The Daily Mail that while the photo speaks volumes, Hailey should allow Justin to express himself, stating: "Hailey needs to let Justin act for himself instead of using an image of him to convey what she feels he should be saying. But Justin really has no voice right now and it is sad."
The source also claimed Justin is trying his best to "block out" the Diddy drama. Instead, he has reportedly been cherishing moments with his wife and their new baby.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.