The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

BONNAROO 2024… Carmen Electra legal name change… Lil Nas X shares acceptance… Kendall Jenner was pulled over… and Selena Gomez was ‘absolutely not’ gossiping
We’re still waiting for the official announcement from Coachella, which takes place over two weekends in April. But the organizers of the Bonnaroo Festival, which takes place for 4 days smack dab in the middle of June at Bonnaroo Farm in Manchester, Tennessee, went ahead and announced their lineup yesterday. There are over 150 acts. Some of the bigger names include Post Malone, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Megan Thee Stallion, Cage the Elephant, Diplo, Reneé Rapp, Interpol, T-Pain,Taking Back Sunday, Pretty Lights, and Fred Again…There are about 140 more I could go through, but that’s enough for now. The festival runs June 13-16 and tickets to the festival, including four-day GA, GA+, and VIP passes, go on sale staring at 10am Central tomorrow.
BONNAROO 2024⁣ sign up for a presale passcode now at https://t.co/zYsXMvHzQ6⁣⁣presale begins thursday, 1/11 at 10am CT ✌️ a general on-sale will follow if tickets & accommodations are still available!outeroo & late night sets to be announced pic.twitter.com/VKvMMdH511
Carmen Electra is legally changing her name to…..Carmen Electra. Tara Leigh Patrick is the name her mama gave her, and she was very happy to go by that. But in the early 90s, Tara auditioned for a girl group being put together by Prince. She didn’t make the group, but Prince wrote a song for Tara to record solo called Carmen on Top, telling her, “You’re not a Tara…You’re Carmen.” On his advice, she took the stage name Carmen Electra and never looked back. For whatever reason, now at age 51, Carmen wants to make it a legal change.
Carmen Electra Files to Legally Change Her Name | Click to read more https://t.co/jRKqTLtwv7
On Nov. 29, Lil Nas X teased a song on X, posting, “Y’all mind if I enter my Christian era?” In the clip he added, we see Nas dancing on a deserted street wearing a shirt that says, “If God doesn’t exist then who’s laughing at us?” This past Monday, Las posted a photo of himself laid out on a cross being pulled up by four people with ropes and another pushing from beneath. He captioned it, “MY NEW SINGLE IS DEDICATED TO THE MAN WHO HAD THE GREATEST COMEBACK OF ALL TIME! J CHRIST – JANUARY 12, 2024 – 00:00 EST – BE THERE!” And then yesterday, Nas shared a photo of his acceptance letter to Liberty University, signed by the late Jerry Falwell, saying that starting this fall, he’ll be taking a dual concentration in Christian Leadership and Biblical Studies. So this is all a joke, right? Nas posted on X, “Y’all see everything I do as a gimmick. When in reality I’m just an artist expressing myself in different ways. Whether I’m a cowboy, gay, satanic, or now christian y’all find a problem!
I know twitter hates me right now but i want yall to know im literally about to go to college for biblical studies in the fall. Not everything is a troll! Anyways IM A STUDENT AGAIN! LETS GOOO pic.twitter.com/kTYbjevyZ7
Kendall Jenner got pulled over for blowing through a stop sign in Beverly Hills. Sitting in her passenger seat was Hailey Bieber. This is, like, deja vu because 10 years ago, Kendall was behind the wheel with Hailey riding shotgun when she got pulled over in Beverly Hills for driving at night without her headlights. Meantime, fans are trying to figure out if Kendall and Bad Bunny are broken up or not. We already that Kendall rang in the new year with Hailey and Justin Bieber in Barbados,  but on Monday, she finally posted some photos from her trip. People are noticing that the blurry man on the beach looks an awfully lot like Mr. Bunny. And one of Kendall’s friends who was also on the trip shared a video showing the NYE fireworks. In the background, you can hear a man saying, “Feliz año nuevo!”
Kendall Jenner Cited For Running Through Stop Sign With Hailey Bieber | Click to read more https://t.co/enlnmPhXuR
Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny REUNITE weeks after split https://t.co/IIr59X1Yqe pic.twitter.com/NRv8Yrl8ua
Page Six got a professional lip reader to figure out what Selena Gomez was whispering to Taylor Swift and Keleigh Teller at the Golden Globes. Jeremy Freeman says, in his opinion, Selena said, “He didn’t want a picture with me. He said no.” Cue Taylor’s mouth drop and Keleigh’s reply, “Timothée?” to which Selena nodded yes. But when E! News posted on Instagram, “Was Selena Gomez Gossiping About Kylie Jenner and Timothée Chalamet at Golden Globes?” Selena responded in the comments, “Noooooo I told Taylor about two of my friends who hooked up. Not that that’s anyone business.” She then posted a photo of her new boyfriend Benny Blanco with two kids crawling all over him, captioning it, “I’m off social for a while. I’m focusing on what really matters.”
Selena Gomez Was 'Absolutely Not' Gossiping About Timothée Chalamet and Kylie Jenner at Golden Globes (Exclusive) https://t.co/R3SC7DJVNv

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show