Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The pop superstar, who collaborated with the veteran director and producer on her docuseries 'Dancing With the Devil,' will present him with the trophy at Spring Studios in New York on Oct. 10.

							By 

	Chris Gardner


	 Michael D. Ratner is being singled out as Storyteller of the Year.

	The veteran director, producer and content guru, who serves as founder and CEO of OBB Media, has been tapped to receive the special honors from Project Healthy Minds at the nonprofit’s fundraising gala, set for New York’s Spring Studios on Oct. 10. The timing coincides with World Mental Health Day and the organization’s World Mental Health Day Festival. 



	The honor comes after Ratner has made a name for himself as a music video director turned documentary storyteller and entrepreneur working with some of the world’s most famous pop stars like Justin Bieber and Demi Lovato. His credits, some of which destigmatize the mental health conversation, include the Kid Laroi’s Kids Are Growing Up: A Story About a Kid Named Laroi, Demi Lovato: Dancing With the Devil and Justin Bieber: Seasons. His other credits include the upcoming Mountain Queen: The Summits of Lhakpa Sherpa for Netflix, the Jingle Ball Special for ABC/Hulu, Justin Bieber: Our World, Kevin Hart’s Cold as Balls and Netflix’s Historical Roasts.












	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Justin Bieber Heading Abroad to Finish Long-Awaited Album (Exclusive)		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Hailey Bieber Accepts Beauty Honor and Thanks Husband Justin Bieber for "Always Cheering Me On"		
			








	Lovato has confirmed her attendance at the gala and will take the stage to present Ratner with the prize. The pair is also collaborating on Lovato’s directorial debut, Child Star, a feature doc that aims to deconstruct the highs and lows of growing up in the spotlight for Hulu. The gala, hosted by NBC personality Carson Daly, will also recognize KPMG for its leadership in supporting community efforts that address the mental health crisis.

Project Healthy Minds last year hosted Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at its event along with Daly, hip hop star Logic, U.S. Second Gentleman Doug Emhoff, surgeon general Vivek Murthy, Obama White House senior adviser David Axelrod, former deputy attorney general Sally Yates, Indianapolis Colts owner Kalen Irsay Jackson and others.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.