Sean Kingston and his mother are facing hefty prison sentences if they're found guilty of a $1 million wire fraud scheme.
On Friday, Kingston and his mother, Janice Turner, were indicted in a Miami federal court and charged with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire fraud, Variety reports. The mother and son are alleged to have participated in a "scheme to defraud victim sellers of high-end specialty vehicles, jewelry, and other goods purchased by the defendants through the use of fraudulent documents," according to a document filed by the U.S. District Court's Southern District of Florida.
The document also stated that Kingston and his mom "enriched themselves by falsely representing that they had executed bank wire or other monetary payment," which they reportedly never sent and led to them stealing $1 million in various items. If convicted of the charges, Kingston and his mom will face up to 20 years in prison for each of their charges.
The singer and his mom were arrested on fraud charges in May. Kingston was arrested in California after a SWAT team raided his Florida home while his mom was apprehended as well.
The raid was executed after Kingston was sued for not paying for certain purchases, and his mother had a long history of legal issues regarding bank fraud and fake loan applications. The person suing Kingston has claimed he has a whole script that he uses to get away with his fraud.
"He says that he works with Justin Bieber, and obviously puts on a big show here, this is a rental house, he doesn’t own it, and he lures people using his celebrity into having them release things without him paying for it and then he simply never pays,” according to the person suing Kingston for the unpaid items.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Sean Kingston Now in Jail in Florida After $1 Million Fraud Allegations
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Sean Kingston Hit With Ten Charges Including Defrauding Jeweler of Nearly $500,000 After Home Raid
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
Sean Kingston and Mother Arrested After Home Raid Over $150,000 Entertainment System He Allegedly Didn't Pay For (UPDATE)
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.