Martha Stewart took her zest for home and "living" to a catering business, books and a media empire. Netflix
She started her life growing vegetables in Nutley, New Jersey and became America’s first female self-made billionaire.
At 83, Martha Stewart and her life are more than ripe for a documentary treatment.
Of course, not everything can live up to Stewart’s demanding standards, as documented in “Martha,” the new Netflix documentary about the home guru who launched an empire.
She says she was always a perfectionist since those days growing up in Essex County. As she traverses the grounds of her current home in the film, driving around her immaculate gardens and giving staff instructions, you get the sense that it’s probably very easy to disappoint Stewart. And woe to the person who does.
So it follows that Stewart has struck out against the same documentary she participated in, calling it “lazy” and objecting to the “stupid trial” part that documents her criminal conviction and prison sentence (per The Daily Beast). 
But everyone can watch and make their own judgments. “Martha” is out Wednesday on Netflix from R.J. Cutler, director of the Billie Eilish documentary “The World’s a Little Blurry,” the Vogue film “The September Issue” and the upcoming “Elton John: Never Too Late.”
Here’s a look at “Martha” and its titular perfectionist — media mogul, expert on all things “living,” garden enthusiast and TV personality, from her early years to her rise in business, conviction, prison term and comeback.
Martha has criticized director R.J. Cutler's "Martha," a film she participated in, one that shares revealing letters, journal entries and information from her life.Netflix
With her elaborate tablescapes, gardens and meals, Stewart was often criticized for promoting an unattainable lifestyle.
No, she says. She was just trying to educate people.
“I am a perfectionist,” Stewart says in the documentary. “It runs in the family.”
She was born Martha Kostyra, the second of six children, to a Polish American family in Jersey City. They moved to Nutley when she was a young child.
Her father, Edward Kostyra, could grow anything, and taught her how to garden. Martha ironed his clothes. Stewart’s mother, also named Martha, was a teacher and a standout homemaker.
Martha was Edward’s favorite child, she says, because she was the most like him — a perfectionist.
In the same breath, Stewart doesn’t hesitate to call her father a failure at work. He was stuck in a salesman job that never really took off. He started his days with both coffee and red wine and was “a dissatisfied, unhappy human being,” Stewart says.
Stewart helped her struggling family out by giving them much of her modeling paycheck.Netflix
Because he struggled at work, the family struggled with finances. Edward had his children grow their food, and was quite the disciplinarian. There were whippings and beatings with a yardstick — as Stewart’s siblings share in the film (these interviews and many others arrive via audio, not video).
Eventually, Edward lost his job. Martha started modeling and brought the family much-needed money ($15 an hour was better than 15 cents an hour for babysitting), simultaneously becoming the talk of Nutley.
Stewart admired her mother, who managed all the meals for her children while holding down a job, but she didn’t want a “cookie cutter” life for herself.
Stewart attended Barnard College on a scholarship and met Andy Stewart, a student at Yale Law who was “nice,” not like her father.
She started visiting him at Yale, and it wasn’t long before they were engaged.
“No, you’re not marrying him,” her father said when she told him. “He’s a Jew.”
“He was a bigot and he was impulsive,” Stewart says of her dad.
Her 1961 marriage to Andy was what she calls the beginning of her life.
Their months-long extended honeymoon trip to Europe lit a fire in her for the finer things in life. She kept all the menus from the restaurants and soaked up every detail — the food, the architecture, the gardens.
“Nobody was sophisticated back home in the 1960s,” Stewart says.
Having been “awakened” to the breadth of food and culture, she also went to the Duomo, the Florence Cathedral, one Easter during their travels (Andy did not accompany her).
Overwhelmed and overcome in the breathtaking space, she kissed a stranger.
“It was neither naughty nor unfaithful,” Stewart tells Cutler in the film. “it was just emotional, of the moment.”
“It was exciting … I wish we could all experience such an evening.”
Martha married Andy Stewart in 1961.Netflix
Stewart gave birth to her only child, daughter Alexis, in 1965.
She explains that she had a baby because it was “the style” of the time.
“It turns out it was not at all natural to be a mother,” she says, speaking to her early difficulties acclimating to parenthood.
Martha, her publicist tells Cutler, is “not good at her emotions.”
It’s something Stewart says came from her own mother, a certain chilliness instead of warmth.
The future mogul launched her professional career as a stockbroker on Wall Street in the boy’s club of the 1960s. She was making a quarter of a million dollars a year, and she was good at her job, but she was also burning out. 
Quitting Wall Street, she moved to her dream house in Westport, Connecticut, the Turkey Hill Road home she would make her own. It was also the place where she would become Martha Stewart the home guru.
Renovating the house, she painted it as she listened to coverage of Watergate. She caused a scene in town by bringing in chickens, and delighted in creating her own gardens. As Martha was discovering just how much she loved keeping a home, her husband was running a publishing company. She started hosting distinguished guests at their home for meals, which grew into a catering business. 
Stewart did high-profile catering jobs for the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Sotheby’s and more, and the business came a million-dollar success, the toast of celebrity parties.
Stewart worked as a stockbroker on Wall Street and started a successful catering business before writing her first book, "Entertaining." Netflix
As Stewart’s business soared, her husband was being unfaithful.
Andy had a lot of girlfriends, she says.
At this point in the film, Stewart advises young women to leave their marriages if their husbands cheat.
“I couldn’t do that,” she says. “I couldn’t walk away.”
It’s also here that Cutler brings up the question of Stewart’s infidelity.
“Didn’t you have an affair early on in the relationship?” he asks.
“Yeah, but I don’t think Andy ever knew about that,” Stewart replies.
Cutler says he did know.
“He did?”
Stewart discloses that she had “a very brief affair with a very attractive Irishman.” To her, it was “nothing.”
“I would’ve never broken up a marriage for it,” she says. “It was like a kiss in the cathedral.”
Caught in the middle of her parents’ failing marriage was Lexi, their daughter.
So were Stewart’s staff.
She’d get abusive with her co-workers, especially if they weren’t doing things just as she asked.
But Stewart’s career continued to flourish as she turned from catering to publishing.
Her first book of many, “Entertaining,” came out in 1982.
In this phase of her career, Stewart became what her friend calls an early influencer, the first woman who saw the “marketability of her personal life.”
As she wrote more books, her husband’s infidelity came to her doorstep.
Andy cheated with a staff member “right on our property,” Stewart says. Worse, it was with a woman she had allowed to live there after the employee lost her home.
Cutler shares Stewart’s revealing private letters to Andy about the infidelity and how much she was hurting.
Stewart wrote that she felt “a total wreck” at 45, “worried and lonely, alone, hopeless.”
The future, she said, was a “total blur.”
Andy wanted a divorce, and Stewart felt like she was being thrown away.
Martha drives the grounds of her home, surveying the garden and righting any wrongs she sees by ordering workers to fix and primp.Netflix
Martha and Andy divorced in 1990.
Stewart was determined to not let herself become “a housewife has-been.”
The Martha Stewart empire was only just beginning. Linens, bedding and dishes at Kmart led to Martha Stewart Living, a magazine she had pitched around town to a skeptical Condé Nast and Rupert Murdoch. Landing at Time, the magazine, which merged homemaking with subjects like parenting and crafting, sold out.
Stewart set about creating a new home in the Hamptons, where she threw a big 50th birthday party.
Stewart’s new romantic life included a long relationship with Charles Simonyi, a billionaire known for creating Microsoft Word.
Her own empire was alive and well — she was making $70 million through her Kmart line and she bought her magazine from Time Warner, starting Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, which went public with Stewart as CEO.
All things Martha were “a good thing,” as per her catchphrase on TV and the aspirational images she projected through the TV series “Martha Stewart Living.”
The other side of the glowing TV personality was the criticism Stewart faced from the press. She was portrayed as someone with a bad temper, even crazy — claims that the documentary notes, along with her reported penchant for being difficult with staff — might not have become so pronounced if she was a male billionaire. 
“The sh-- hit the fan” when Stewart became the subject of insider trading accusations for selling her shares in ImClone, a biotech company started by her friend Sam Waksal, who had also sold his shares. Waksal made the decision after learning that the FDA would not approve the company’s cancer drug, Erbitux.
Despite calling the documentary "lazy" and criticizing various parts of the film, Martha Stewart attended the Oct. 21 New York premiere of "Martha."Kevin Mazur | Getty Images
Stewart was called in for an interview with the U.S. Attorney. She says her lawyers told her that if she wasn’t sure about something, she should say “I do not remember, I do not recall.”
She now knows the advice to keep quiet was bad advice.
Asked about the insider trading allegations on a morning show, Stewart would only say they would hopefully be resolved soon.
“I want to focus on my salad,” she memorably declared, knife in hand.
Here’s where the documentary makes the case that the feds were out to get Martha no matter what, that she had become a target because she was a powerful woman in the public eye.
While many thought Waksal had tipped her off himself, he says he didn’t give Stewart insider information. However, he says the feds would’ve let him go if he did one thing. 
Prosecutor James Comey, he says, wanted him to implicate Martha.
Stewart was indicted for obstruction of justice in 2003 and found guilty in 2004 of obstruction and making false statements to investigators. Comey said that “lying to the FBI” was her crime after she denied that she sold the shares because she knew Waksal was selling.
He insisted that the prosecution of the crime was not related to “who she is” but “what she did.”
“It was so horrifying to me that I had to go through that to be a trophy for these idiots in the U.S. Attorney’s office,” Stewart says in the film. “Those prosecutors should’ve been put in a Cuisinart and turned on high.”
Here was that first self-made female billionaire in America, and they “got” her. 
Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia immediately felt the fallout. Stewart resigned from the board of the company, her show was canceled and advertisers left the magazine. 
The film shares Stewart’s journal entries from her 150 days in prison. She was once put in solitary confinement without food and water, she says, for touching an officer’s chain and complimenting them at the so-called “Camp Cupcake,” aka Alderson federal prison in West Virginia, which Stewart says “was not a cupcake.” 
But in prison, there were some ways Martha was allowed to be Martha. She helped an inmate with gardening, planned a meal with her peers and made friends. She even gave a talk in prison about starting a business. 
“I had to climb out of a f---ing hole,” Stewart says. 
At the end of her five-month term in 2005, she left prison in a hand-knit poncho made by a fellow inmate. 
Her next act started with “The Martha Stewart Show,” a series from Mark Burnett, creator of “The Apprentice.”
It was a variety talk show with guests — a thing, but not a good one, in Stewart’s eyes.
“Live audience and crummy music … ugh.. that was more like prison,” she says in the film. 
Not only had her company gone down, Simonyi, Stewart’s boyfriend of 15ish years, also told her he was getting married to someone else and he wasn’t allowed to talk to her anymore. She says it was like a second divorce.
An unlikely chance at a comeback and renewed pop culture interest arrived in an unlikely form:
The “Comedy Central Roast of Justin Bieber.”
The 2015 show, hosted by Kevin Hart, had Martha in the mix as a fellow roaster. Bieber was spinning out at the time, and Stewart’s material was on point, like when she offered the young pop star tips for when he “inevitably” ends up in prison (she apparently didn’t think they’d roast her, too). 
Beyond the applause from that night was an enduring connection made at the taping — her friendship with Snoop Dogg.
Stewart, who had apparently gotten a contact high from all of Snoop’s secondhand weed smoke, became an onscreen team with the rapper and TV personality.  
Their “Martha & Snoop’s Potluck Dinner Party” show made them a duo to watch, Stewart’s social media presence was blooming and she became the oldest Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model at 81. 
It was a good thing.
“Martha” runs 1 hour and 53 minutes and is available on Netflix.
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices