By MELODY FLETCHER 
 Published:  10:21, 6 January 2024   |  Updated:  11:56, 6 January 2024   
 526
View  comments
Calvin Klein has a reputation for intimate, steamy shoots which often see A-list celebrities (and gorgeous models) strip down to their underwear.
The Bear's Jeremy Allen White had fans 'hyperventilating' when his own underwear campaign was unveiled on Thursday, capturing the actor's chiseled body in high definition. 
As the new spokesmodel for Calvin Klein underwear, White, 32, posed with the iconic backdrop of New York City, where he showed off his toned abs in the brand's classic briefs.
The actor has made a name for himself as chef Carmen Berzatto in the comedy-drama series The Bear, and appeared in The Iron Claw with Zac Efron last December.
He has now followed in the footsteps of a number of A-list celebrities who have stripped down to their underwear for Calvin Klein - and got hearts racing globally.
Here, we take a look at the fashion outfit's hottest ever male underwear shoots...
The Bear's Jeremy Allen White had fans 'hyperventilating' when a new underwear campaign was unveiled on Thursday, capturing the actor's chiseled body in high definition
As the new spokesmodel for Calvin Klein underwear, White, 32, posed with the iconic backdrop of New York City , where he showed off his toned abs in the brand's classic briefs
The actor has made a name for himself as chef Carmen Berzatto in the comedy-drama series The Bear, and appeared in The Iron Claw with Zac Efron last December
Perhaps one of the most memorable Calvin Klein campaigns of the last 10 years, Justin Bieber became the face of the brand with a steamy shoot in January 2015.
In his first shoot with the fashion outfit, Bieber stripped down to his underwear, and got up, close and personal with model Lara Stone - his abs (and tattoos) on full display.
He's since appeared in a number of other campaigns for Calvin Klein, including the brand's 50th anniversary shoot, where he shared the spotlight with his wife Hailey. 
Perhaps one of the most memorable Calvin Klein campaigns of the last 10 years, Justin Bieber became the face of the brand with a steamy shoot in January 2015
He's since appeared in a number of other campaigns for Calvin Klein, including the brand's 50th anniversary shoot, where he shared the spotlight with his wife Hailey
Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan has stripped down to his underwear for Calvin Klein twice, most recently in February 2015 when the first of his steamy trilogy of films hit cinemas. 
He recently told The Guardian that he still can't shake the title of 'Underwear Model', despite not having worked for Calvin Klein in almost a decade.
The actor said: 'I think I've done two shoots in my underwear ever. They both happened to be for Calvin Klein. But that tag – underwear model – I just can't get rid of it. 
'And it's such a bizarre, specific thing – underwear. It's like I never modelled clothes.'       
Fifty Shades of Grey star Jamie Dornan has stripped down to his underwear for Calvin Klein twice, most recently in February 2015 when the first of his steamy trilogy of films hit cinemas
Dornan recently told The Guardian that he still can't shake the title of 'Underwear Model', despite not having worked for Calvin Klein in almost a decade
The Bullet Train actor, 33, is one of Calvin Klein's more recent ambassadors, having taken part in a stripped back campaign in March 2023 with a number of famous faces.
The photoshoot was in the fashion outfit's classic black and white style, with Taylor-Johnson posing in front of a grey background without a single frill or prop.
He said at the time he was 'honoured and flattered to have been invited to be a part of Calvin Klein's men's underwear'.   
'felt incredibly safe in the hands of Mert [Alas] and Marcus [Piggott], who I think are equally iconic photographers,' Taylor-Johnson added.
The Bullet Train actor, 33, is one of Calvin Klein's more recent ambassadors, having taken part in a stripped back campaign in March 2023 with a number of famous faces
The photoshoot was in the fashion outfit's classic black and white style, with Taylor-Johnson posing in front of a grey background without a single frill or prop
Actor Michael B Jordan became a face of Calvin Klein in February last year, stripping down to his underwear in a racy black and white photoshoot for the brand.    
The Black Panther star, 36, showed off his sculpted physique as he modelled the iconic boxer briefs in the campaign, which featured a number of other famous faces.
Photos captured Jordan lounging in boxer briefs with his buff biceps on full display, tearing off a white tank top, and generally being all-around pleasing to the eye.
Actor Michael B Jordan became a face of Calvin Klein in February last year, stripping down to his underwear in a racy black and white photoshoot for the brand
The Black Panther star, 36, showed off his sculpted physique as he modelled the iconic boxer briefs in the campaign, which featured a number of other famous faces
Photos captured Jordan lounging in boxer briefs with his buff biceps on full display, tearing off a white tank top, and generally being all-around pleasing to the eye
Australian actor Jacob Elordi became an ambassador for Calvin Klein back in August 2019, when he was gaining fame as the star of Euphoria and the Kissing Booth franchise.
Then 22, Elordi has his washboard abs on full display for the campaign, where he appeared alongside the likes of models Naomi Campbell and Bella Hadid.
Posting a few of the photos online at the time, Elordi wrote: 'For mum.'
Australian actor Jacob Elordi became an ambassador for Calvin Klein back in August 2019, when he was gaining fame as the star of Euphoria and the Kissing Booth franchise
Then 22, Elordi has his washboard abs on full display for the campaign, where he appeared alongside the likes of models Naomi Campbell and Bella Hadid
Actor 'Marky Mark' was the star of one of the most iconic Calvin Klein photoshoots of the 90s - when he posed in a snapback and his underwear with model Kate Moss.
The campaign in 1992 launched Moss to the top of the modelling industry, while its success led then-rapper Mark Wahlberg to instead peruse a career in acting.
Moss has described Wahlberg as being 'very macho' on the shoot, with the moment clearly being 'all about him'. 
'He had a big entourage. I was just his model,' she said in 2022. 
Actor 'Marky Mark' was the star of one of the most iconic Calvin Klein photoshoots of the 90s - when he posed in a snapback and his underwear with model Kate Moss
The campaign in 1992 launched Moss to the top of the modelling industry, while its success led then-rapper Mark Wahlberg to instead peruse a career in acting

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group