Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Hailey Bieber has wowed her fans with a stunning photoshoot for Victoria's Secret's new bridal lingerie collection, despite rumours that she and Justin Bieber might be splitting up. 
The 27 year old model looked amazing as she showed off her toned body in the latest shoot for the famous brand. She was the perfect choice to model their new wedding-themed line, wearing a silky white robe, a pretty lingerie set, and a lacy dress.
Victoria's Secret shared pictures of Hailey smiling and holding a white coffee cup on their Instagram. They wrote: "Here comes the bride. Tie the knot with aisle essentials from lacy lingerie to LWD of your dreams. From this day forward never looked so chic."
READ MORE: Mum-of-22 Sue Radford cleans out family £40K camper van for another trip - after 24 holidays in 25 months
Fans loved the photos and said lots of nice things about Hailey. Someone said: "Everything looks so perfect on this woman, queen." Another fan said: "She is beauty, she is grace! Hailey - stunning as always.", reports the Mirror. And someone else commented: "Beautiful bride and beautiful collection."
Hailey Bieber's latest bridal photoshoot comes amid ongoing rumours that she and her pop star husband Justin Bieber are heading for a split. This follows a post from her dad, Stephen Baldwin, asking fans to "pray" for the couple.
Although he didn't say why they needed prayers, some fans thought it might be because their marriage was on shaky ground. Hailey herself denied these rumours on social media, but eyebrows were raised when she attended a glitzy bash in Los Angeles without Justin.
Some people couldn't help but comment on this, with one person saying: "The irony of the happily ever after and Hailey's marriage." Another added: "Bridal from an almost divorced....." And a third said: "Wouldn't you put an actual celebrity newlywed or a celebrity who just got engaged? Not someone whose marriage is hanging on by a string."