At this point, you can’t be shocked about new details surrounding any of the horrific allegations against Sean “Diddy” Combs, but that doesn’t mean it’s all true. Since the plethora of civil lawsuits and now a federal case against Diddy remain hot topics of discussion, it’s time The Root gives you the facts and dispels the lies about everything Puff Daddy related.
The internet’s been circulating a clearly altered picture of Vice President Kamala Harris alongside Diddy, but we’re here to tell you don’t believe the hype! Former President Donald Trump fell for the edited trick, even reposting the image before deleting it, according to KRON 4.
The original photo was taken of Harris and  television host Montel Williams in 2001. Harris has faced backlash because of the photo, but just for the record, it was not with Diddy.
It’s no secret that Jay-Z has had close ties to Diddy since the start of their careers, and in light of the avalanche of Diddy lawsuits, the Carters keep coming up in conversation. Many have speculated that Beyoncé and Jay-Z are more involved with Diddy than we know, but these are all just rumors.
The hashtag #sheknows continues to trend on X after rumors sparked that Beyoncé— in connection with Diddy— had something to do with Tupac’s murder, Aaliyah’s death, and a series of other conspiracies. But there’s absolutely no proof of any of these claims.
And just to clarify, no Beyoncé did not filed for divorce from her husband, and no the couple isn’t warring over Diddy. Despite people calling for the cancellation of the Carters, neither Hov nor Bey were mentioned or even referenced in any of the suits against Diddy.
Earlier this year, a song which sounds like it was released by the “Baby” singer was leaked online. So far, the song has racked up millions of views on TikTok, YouTube, and X. In the song, the lyrics allege Justin Bieber “lost myself at a ‘Diddy’ party,” but researchers told CBS News it’s more than likely all fake.
As artificial intelligence continues to progress, more celebrities have come out to condemn the use of their likeness. The latest alleged Bieber song is simply another example of someone trying to exploit the Diddy debacle.
Despite celebrities like Stevie J and Cuba Gooding Jr. being named  Diddy’s ongoing civil lawsuits, it’s important to note that outside of Puffy, no other celebrities are directly connected to the federal indictment. This means if Diddy goes down, he’s likely going down all by himself.
As far as the these civil lawsuits go, none of the celebrities mentioned can be held liable. The lawsuits are against Diddy and some executive members of his team but no one else. 
The Amazon best selling book titled “Kim’s Lost Words: A Journey for Justice from the Other Side…” is a fake. The memoir was released right before Diddy’s arrest in New York last month, but since then, several key players including Diddy, Al B. Sure, and even Faith Evans have spoken out saying none of it is true. 
In a statement, Porter’s children, Quincy Brown, Christian, Jessie, and D’Lila Combs, said “claims that our mom wrote a book are simply untrue. She did not. And anyone claiming to have a manuscript is misrepresenting themselves.” The statement continued, “we are deeply saddened that the world has made a spectacle of what has been the most tragic event of our lives.”
With all the misinformation and disinformation out there, it’s safe to say the public knows less than they think. Diddy’s life, freedom, and legacy are officially all on the line, so we just have to wait to see exactly how this all plays out in court.