By RORY TINGLE, HOME AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  12:21, 6 June 2024   |  Updated:  13:31, 6 June 2024   
 70
View  comments
The man behind 'The Dress that Broke The Internet' was today sentenced to four years in prison for pinning his wife to the ground and strangling her before brandishing a knife and saying, 'Someone is going to die'. 
Keir Johnston, 39, violently assaulted Grace Johnston at their isolated home on the Isle of Colonsay, Inner Hebrides, in March 2022. 
She desperately sent messages to friends begging for help because she knew it would take police too long to reach them, before eventually dialling 999 and yelling down the phone: 'My husband is trying to kill me.' 
The terrifying attack, on March 6, 2022, came seven years after the couple gained worldwide fame for the dress the mother of the bride wore at their wedding.
It sparked a global debate over its colours, with people left unable to decide whether it was black and blue or white and gold.
Keir Johnston (right) with Grace Johnston (middle) and his mother-in-law, wearing 'The Dress That Broke The Internet' 
The dress (pictured) shot to worldwide fame after internet users were split over whether the dress was black or blue
It was nicknamed 'The Dress That Broke the Internet' after a photo of the garment was shared online.
The couple went on to appear on the Ellen DeGeneres Show in the US, where they were handed $10,000 and a luxury trip to Grenada.
But a judge yesterday heard of a history of 'domestic abuse' at the hands of Johnston towards his wife.
The petrol station attendant pleaded guilty to a charge of assaulting Ms Johnston to her injury and the danger of life.
Judge Lady Drummond said Johnston strangled Grace for 20 seconds. 
She continued: 'In her victim impact statement, she went over the emotional and psychological impact on her from your behaviour. 
'She suffers in various aspects of her life - emotionally, psychologically and financially.
'The impact of your actions will last forever. She cannot understand your lack of remorse or empathy towards her.
'I have taken account of all the information and considered the submission that the court can deal with this with a community disposal.
'I am afraid the only appropriate sentence for a crime such as this is imprisonment.'
A 10-year harassment order was also granted restricting Johnston's contact with Grace.
Prosecutor Chris Macintosh told how it was accepted Grace had suffered previous domestic violence - including her husband trying to strangle her - before the attack in 2022.
He said: 'There is no permanent police presence on the island and she was in a situation where she felt trapped.'
Days before the assault, Grace had gone to the mainland for a job, against Johnston's wishes. 
The couple appeared on the Ellen DeGeneres Show in the US where they were handed a £8,000 luxury tip to Grenada
Hours before the assault, Johnston had been at a pub quiz and sent her 'strange texts', including one saying: 'You should support me, but you do not.'
A 'worried' Grace returned home to find her husband there.  
Mr Macintosh said: 'Johnston woke up and said that he was going to leave her. She went outside the property to stop him from leaving. 
'He followed her and pinned her to the ground. He placed both knees on her arms, so she was unable to move. He then began strangling her with both his hands.
'She was initially able to scream. She feared for her life and believed Johnston intended to kill her. He was very forceful.'
A witness heard the screams and tried to pull Johnston away.
He initially stopped and went back inside but stormed back out threatening to 'finish her off' before strangling her again and grabbing a knife. 
Grace managed to 'keep her distance' because she believed he would stab her. After receiving no reply from friends, she called 999. 
A witness later arrived at the house and found Grace 'crying and hyperventilating'.
Johnston was found hiding under a desk in his cottage still clutching a knife. He briefly put the blade to his throat at one stage, but the weapon was grabbed from him.
Celebrities including Ellen DeGeneres, Kim Kardashian, Kanye West, Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift weighed into the dress debate in 2015
Grace suffered 'visible' bruising and marks to her neck as a result of the assault, but luckily needed no medical treatment.
The court heard Johnston later 'alluded to previous episodes of marital violence' when talking to a doctor.
He also described bouts of 'emotional distress' since he was a child.
Marco Guarino, defending, asked Lady Drummond for her to consider a non-custodial sentence.
The lawyer said: 'There is no attempt to give him an excuse today for what he did.
'He understands how he came to be in this situation and it is clear from the outset what should have happened as they should have parted.
'This was a relationship which was far too volatile for each other, it became apparent that their lifestyles were diverging and he was unable to cope with that.
'He acted in a way where he has to be punished. That punishment need not be custody as there is a lack of background and there is nothing outstanding.
'There was an emotional reaction from him for what he did and what he caused.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group