"They can’t wait to meet the baby."
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 Justin and Hailey Bieber are just over the moon to be welcoming their first child together. In fact, they're so excited for the little one's arrival that they've already picked out a name, according to People. A source told the outlet that when the couple found out that Hailey—who is six months along—was pregnant, it was "just the best day for them."

Getty Images
 "Everyone is excited for them," the insider said. "They will be great parents, and Justin will be super involved. This will be the next important project for him. He’s so excited to raise his baby. They have a name that they think is perfect. They’re also starting to decorate a nursery. They can’t wait to meet the baby."

 The Biebers announced that they would be adding a new addition to their family on Thursday with a sweet Instagram post that also documented their vow renewal. In the roundup, Hailey and Justin can be sharing a few kisses while also exchanging vows. The photos captured Justin snapping pictures of his wife, who wore an off-the-shoulder lace Saint Laurent dress and a matching veil.

 Justin's mom, Pattie Mallette, also got in on the excitement while also accidentally sending the internet into a tizzy. Fans started to speculate that the couple was expecting twins after Mallette commented on a post from Hailey's dad, Stephen Baldwin, writing, "Congratulations Grandpa! WE ARE GONNA HAVE THE CUTEST GRAND-BABIES EVER!" 

Getty Images
 Mallette quickly clarified her comment by adding, “No not twins lol I wish. I just mean in general."

 As of now, Mallette confirmed it'll just be the three of them.

 "Hopefully they will have more than one eventually," she added. "They will make beautiful babies whenever they have them. One is enough for now 😂."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)