All products featured on GQ are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
For more high-flying bomber jacket intel, check our complete guide to category.
Just like the greatest crossover records bring existing genres into entirely new contexts—think Paul Simon’s Graceland or OutKast’s Speakerboxxx/The Love Below—the best-designed military garments often transcend their origins to become centerpieces of modern menswear. One such piece—and GQ’s best bomber jacket overall—is the Alpha Industries MA-1 flight jacket.
Here’s the story: In Knoxville, Tennessee in 1959, Alpha Industries answered the US Department of Defense’s call to produce military apparel for troops across the globe, manufacturing soon-to-be-iconic designs such as the M-65 field jacket, the MA-1 flight jacket, and the N-3B parka. The MA-1, however, stood out especially thanks to its bright orange lining and hardy sage green or sharp black exterior. (That orange lining, by the way, isn’t just a cheeky design flex—it’s a safety feature, ensuring high visibility in emergencies.)
Eventually, these jackets were decommissioned by the military, and surplus MA-1s began to make their way onto the civilian market. Soon, they were a fixture of various subcultures, from the punk to the hip-hop scenes, until appearances in blockbusters like Top Gun brought the aviation jacket style right back into the mainstream. Since then, its graced the backs of legends like Kevin Costner, Justin Bieber, A$AP Rocky, and more. Which brings us to me.
Alpha Industries
Alpha Industries
Alpha Industries
Alpha Industries
I would never compare myself to names like those, but I am now another owner of an MA-1. I opted for the sage green outer over the black, which is butter when paired with eggshell-toned pants, classic chukka boots, and a chunky sweater. Wearing it, I’ve found that the MA-1 is ridiculously powerful—the water-resistant flight nylon laughs in the face of bad weather, while the snug collar, cuffs, and waistband trap heat and keep out the cold.
I went with my usual size (small), and the fit is flattering without feeling too bulky. And don’t let its lightweight feel fool you; this thing insulates like your favorite L.L.Bean sleeping bag. Wearing it is like stepping into your own portable cocoon. And bonus: the jacket is fully reversible, so you can either channel your inner Maverick or a traffic cone, depending on the day.
Now, let’s talk value. Sure, Alpha Industries' isn’t the cheapest option, but at $200 for a proven winner, you’re paying a lot less than most legacy brands with similar historic bona fides would charge. With its balance of functionality, heritage, and modern flair, the MA-1 isn’t just a jacket—it’s the jacket. One that I’ll wear to concerts, movie theaters, and airports alike, and still feel part of the culture at each.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices