by 
	Rebecca Rakowitz

Parenting Writer

	Normally it’s Justin Bieber who makes us wildly cheer while singing along to his songs, but now we have to give it up instead for the madame, the myth, the legend … Madame Tussauds. Because Madame Tussauds London just made a dramatic change to Justin Bieber’s wax figure, and it’s the kind of perfect content we didn’t know we needed heading into the weekend.

	










	The famed wax museum just added a baby in a baby carrier to the pop singer’s torso. It’s the perfect move after he and his wife Hailey Bieber announced yesterday that they’re expecting their first child together. While the real Baby Biebs is still cookin’, a fake baby is already ready and strapped to Bieber’s chest for museum patrons to see. (Dare I say, you have to see it to belieb it?)













	Related story



	
	
		
					Fans Have Serious Questions About Justin Bieber's Pal-Turned-Spiritual Guru As He Faces 'Cult' Accusations		
	










	Well played, Madame Tussauds London, well played. Someone better give whoever came up with that idea a raise.

	The fake baby has a full head of hair and itty bitty pink socks, but don’t get ahead of yourself with gender norms — the parents-to-be have not revealed the baby’s sex (nor whether they even know it themselves). What they do apparently know, is Baby Bieber’s name. An insider told People that the happy couple already has a moniker in mind and that they have started decorating the nursery.



	“Everyone is excited for them,” the source said. “They will be great parents, and Justin will be super involved.”

	If that source and this wax figure is to be believed, Justin will indeed be involved, proudly carrying his child around.

	The Biebers announced the happy news on Instagram yesterday, sharing a video and photos from their stunning vow renewal in which Hailey’s baby bump is proudly on display. The mom-to-be wore a beautiful off-the-shoulder lace gown that was incredibly reminiscent of her wedding dress. Meanwhile, Justin wore his typical streetwear and — much like his wax figure — donned a backward baseball cap.



	Now it’s time to add a gray baby carrier and three tickets to Madame Tussauds London to the Biebers’ baby registry!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.