Want to know more about T-Roy? Get their official bio, social pages & articles on iHeartRadio!Full Bio
Week One of Coachella is officially in the books. As artists and fans prepared for a second week of performances, we've got a recap of everything that went down in week one of the annual SoCal desert fest.Photo: Getty Images North America
Week One of Coachella is officially in the books. As artists and fans prepared for a second week of performances, we've got a recap of everything that went down in week one of the annual SoCal desert fest. 
Tyler the Creator brought out Donald Glover during his headlining performance at Coachella on Saturday night. Afterward, he shared an anecdote about how he used to hate on Glover until he put out a song called “Urn” that was so “undeniable” that Tyler was “at conflict with himself” and forced to reevaluate his stance. He even joked that nowadays the table has turned and it’s hard for him to get a call back from Glover. Later in the set, Tyler brought out A$AP Rocky, Kali Uchis and Charlie Wilson.
Jon Batiste brought out Juvenile to share the stage at Coachella, collaborating on a cover of Juvi’s “Back That [Thang] Up.
Coi Leray debuted not one but two new songs during week one of Coachella -- or “Coichella” as she dubbed it -- performing “Coke Bottle Baby” and “Not in the Store” for the first time alongside her hits like “Players.” She also used her stage time to tease her upcoming animated film project with Pharrell and Lil Wayne, Dullsville and the Doodleverse.
Ice Spice previewed an unreleased and previously unheard track off of her upcoming debut album, Y2K, during her Coachella week one set. The stars were out in the Southern California desert on Saturday night, with Justin Bieber, Sabrina Carpenter, Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce all pulling up in front of the stage to catch Ice Spice’s set.
Lauryn Hill made a surprise appearance on Sunday afternoon at Coachella, joining her son YG Marley to perform a rendition of her hit song “Killing Me Softly.” 
Victoria Monet told the Coachella crowd on Sunday night to “stop asking for the ‘Alright’ music video…because it’s on the way.” 
Doja Cat brought out 21 Savage and Teezo Touchdown, and A$AP Rocky as surprise guests to join her during her headlining set to close out week one of Coachella. 
Nav announced a new album during his Coachella set, called On My Way to Rexdale. 
J Balvin surprised fans towards the end of his Coachella set, when he brought out Will Smith to perform his 1997 hit “Men in Black.” Smith came out in the signature black suit and Ray-Bans his character wore, accompanied by dancing aliens, and wielded a “Neuralyzer” that he used to “wipe the crowd’s memory of the alien encounter” just like in the blockbuster movie. 
Lil Yachty brought out folk singer Mac Demarco at Coachella over the weekend.