Fans speculate that the Kardashians star forbid the "Calm Down" singer from taking a photo with her beau.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	Timothée Chalamet is caught in between a lot of rumored drama following Sunday night’s (Jan. 7) Golden Globes, where viewers speculated that Selena Gomez at one point whispered to Taylor Swift that Kylie Jenner had forbade her from taking a photo with the Wonka actor. But in a recent run-in with TMZ, he said there isn’t any beef between the parties involved.

	Let’s debrief. Jenner was in attendance Sunday night as Chalamet’s date, about nine months after they first sparked dating rumors in April 2023. During one of the award show’s commercial breaks, rolling cameras captured Gomez darting over to Swift’s table to whisper something that made the “Anti-Hero” singer gasp.

	










	The exchange was inaudible, however lip-reading fans on the internet are convinced that the Only Murders in the Building actress was telling Swift that the Kardashians star had said no to Gomez’s request for a photo with Chalamet. The alleged drama becomes even more compelling considering Swift’s rocky past with the Kardashian family (namely Jenner’s older sister Kim) and Gomez’s own history with Jenner’s good friend Hailey Bieber, who is now married to the Rare Beauty founder’s famous ex, Justin Bieber. (Let’s not forget #BrowGate of February 2023).

	Plus, the Little Women actor has been friends with Gomez in the past, having both starred in Woody Allen’s A Rainy Day in New York.

	However, Chalamet says there’s nothing to worry about — at least, that’s what he begrudgingly told a TMZ reporter after trying unsuccessfully to shake the outlet off on a stroll in Los Angeles. “Yeah, of course,” he responded when asked if he and Gomez were on good terms. 

	Then, after being pressed about whether Gomez and Jenner are feuding, he said, “No… They’re good.”

	Aside from all the gossip, Chalamet, Jenner, Gomez and Swift seemed to have a great night at the Globes. The Lady Bird star and Kylie Cosmetics founder packed on the PDA throughout the ceremony, where Chalamet’s Wonka performance was nominated best male actor in a motion picture but lost to Paul Giamatti for The Holdovers. The “Calm Down” singer was up for best female actor in a TV series, musical or comedy for Only Murders and Swift was in the running for cinematic and box office achievement for her Eras Tour concert film, however Gomez lost to The Bear’s Ayo Edebiri and Barbie was victorious in Swift’s category.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.