By SAMEER SURI and DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:05, 8 December 2024   |  Updated:  16:31, 10 December 2024   
 61
View  comments
Hailey Bieber supported her close pal Gigi Hadid at the latter's Guest In Residence store opening in Los Angeles this Saturday.
The outing marked Hailey's first event appearance since she and her husband Justin Bieber welcomed their firstborn son Jack Blues in August.
For her postpartum debut, Hailey was decked out in a sleek wine-red coat-skirt combo that appeared to be made of either velvet or velour.
Sharpening her unmistakable features with makeup, the niece of Alec Baldwin wore her silky blonde locks down and rounded off her outfit with black heels and matching Calzedonia tights.
Gigi brought a bit of Christmas cheer to the proceedings with a seasonal striped sweater over a white collared shirt, teamed with a miniskirt that flaunted her shapely legs.
She launched her cashmere brand Guest In Residence with its New York location in 2022, and has now expanded the enterprise by opening a brick-and-mortar shop in Los Angeles.
Hailey Bieber supported her close pal Gigi Hadid at the latter's Guest In Residence store opening in Los Angeles this Saturday
Hailey's latest outing comes just one week after she shared a rare glimpse of her three-month-old baby boy in a sweet family snap with Justin.
Since Jack was born in August, Hailey has posted pictures of him only very infrequently, and neither she nor Justin has ever shown his face on social media.
She uploaded a heartwarming new Instagram album the day after Thanksgiving and wrote the caption: 'November aka the best month of the year.'
The past month had been an especially festive one for Hailey, since it included not only Thanksgiving but also her own star-studded 28th birthday party.
Her album opened with a snap of her and Justin wearing coordinated print coats and grinning broadly at the camera while enjoying a stroll in a cold climate.
In that picture, Hailey had baby Jack clasped to her front, though his face was turned away from the camera in order to preserve his privacy.
Her latest sighting comes two weeks after Hailey rang in her 28th birthday surrounded by some of her closest friends, including Kendall Jenner and Lori Harvey, with a martini-themed dinner party. 
Hailey got all glammed up to celebrate in a very sexy all-black ensemble, which consisted of a fur-trimmed jacket, tiny shorts, tights and a pair of slingback heels.
The outing marked Hailey's first event appearance since she and her husband Justin Bieber welcomed their firstborn son Jack Blues in August
For her postpartum debut, Hailey was decked out in a sleek wine-red coat-skirt combo that appeared to be made of either velvet or velour
Gigi brought a bit of Christmas cheer to the proceedings with a seasonal striped sweater over a white collared shirt, teamed with a miniskirt that flaunted her shapely legs
The past month had been an especially festive one for Hailey, since it included not only Thanksgiving but also her own star-studded 28th birthday party
Hailey also posted her outfit to her Insta Stories
She accessorized her chic look with a sparkly diamond choker, coordinating earrings and her golden blonde hair in a sleek half-up, half-down style.
The new mother also sported a eye-catching manicure, featuring a martini olive design as a nod to her 'a tini bit 28' party theme. 
The Rhode founder shared plenty of pictures from the evening to her Instagram Story as she documented the scene, desserts, drinks and time with friends. 
In one image, she can be seen standing from the side as she held an espresso martini next to a table full of martinis, cakes and sugary doughnuts.
Others showed her posing under a lit neon 'Martini Bar' sign inside a restaurant, before getting showered with love from her loved ones. 
A sweet video on her Instagram Story showed Jenner, 29, presenting her longtime pal with a beautiful birthday cake. 
This marks her first birthday since becoming a mother on August 22. 
Hailey and Justin announced her pregnancy in May, after sharing footage of their vow renewal ceremony they had in Hawaii - with her baby bump on full display. 
Hailey's latest outing comes just one week after she shared a rare glimpse of her three-month-old baby boy in a sweet family snap with Justin 
Before giving birth, she spoke to W Magazine about morning sickness, her pregnancy diet and why she announced her baby joy when she did.
'I probably could have hid it until the end. But I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly,' she told W magazine.
'I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.' the niece of Alec Baldwin explained.
'I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time. I didn’t have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff,' she noted.
Hailey also noted that in order to maintain her health, she has made sure to consume plenty of protein, including 'lots of eggs, chicken, and steak.' 
She also enjoys premade items from the Los Angeles health food store Erewhon - a favorite of celebrities - and the trendy beverage kombucha.
'In the beginning [of pregnancy], it was super emotional for me. Like: "I love this human so much. How can I possibly bring someone else into this?" I’m trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us,' she said.
Hailey rang in her 28th birthday surrounded by some of her closest friends, including Kendall Jenner and Lori Harvey, with a martini-themed dinner party
Hailey seen with Lori Harvey (L)
She also has to be careful about going online, as 'the Internet is a scary place for a pregnant woman' what with all the anecdotes floating around social media.
'You see so many stories - traumatic birth stories, traumatic experiences - and I know that that’s very real. But I don't want to scare myself,' she said.
Since welcoming her baby boy, she has shared only a small handful of photos of her newborn, including an adorable snap of from her family's first Halloween together.
For Halloween, Hailey dressed up as Kim Possible while her husband Justin, 30, went as Ron Stoppable and their son Jack as Rufus. 
Kim is the animated title character for the series Kim Possible, which is about a teen girl who has to save the world while dealing with growing up. 
Neither Hailey or Justin have shared any photos of their little boy's face.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group