Notable Grammy Camp alumni include Chappell Roan and Maren Morris. 

													By
												

	Paul Grein


The Grammy Museum has announced the expansion of Grammy Camp, a week-long program for high school students interested in pursuing careers in the music industry. Starting in summer 2025, Grammy Camp will be held in New York and Miami, in addition to its flagship Los Angeles program. 

	The 2025 Grammy Camp season will take place at the following locations:

	“Expanding Grammy Camp from one to three cities enables us to deepen our engagement with the next generation of music makers,” Michael Sticka, president/CEO of the Grammy Museum, said in a statement. “Our new locations in Miami and New York mark just the beginning in our long-term plans to build upon the lasting impact we’ve made in Los Angeles, making the program more accessible to young people across the country.”

	Now in its 21st year, Grammy Camp will focus on all aspects of commercial music and feature various career tracks in multiple locations — music business, instrumental performance, electronic music audio production, songwriting and vocal performance. Each track is taught by Grammy-winning and -nominated professionals, Recording Academy members, industry experts and guest artists.




			Trending on Billboard		






	With the expansion to different cities, each location will incorporate a curriculum tailored to its unique musical heritage, offering specialized tracks such as musical theater, screen scoring, music production with a DJ emphasis, and instrumental performance surrounding jazz and Latin music. Students will be selected for one career track but have the opportunity to collaborate with all students.

	Notable Grammy Camp alumni include Chappell Roan and Maren Morris. The latter attended the 20th anniversary Grammy Camp this summer and shared how the experience played a pivotal role in her career. Additional Camp alumni include Grammy-nominated engineer Benjamin Thomas (album of the year nominee for the deluxe edition of Justin Bieber’s Justice), Grammy-nominated arranger Cody Fry, and various touring and recording musicians including Devon Eisenbarger (guitarist for Katy Perry), Christine Meisenhelter (touring musician for Conan Gray), and Richard Saunders (signed to Verve with trio ThirdStory).

	Applications for Grammy Camp 2025 are now open to high school students across the country. Students interested in applying can visit https://grammymuseum.org/education/grammy-camp/ for more details.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.