By 

	Charisma Madarang


Kid Cudi is headed to the desert this weekend and will be joining Weekend Two of Coachella 2024. 

	The fest made the announcement on Tuesday evening, sharing an Instagram post of Weekend Two’s updated schedule and listing Kid Cudi on Sunday from 5:10 p.m. to 5:50 p.m. at the Sahara tent. Teasing his performance, the post was captioned, “On the pursuit of happiness.”

	Vampire Weekend, who performed last Saturday (with a surprise appearance from Paris Hilton to play cornhole), will not be returning for Weekend Two.
A post shared by Coachella (@coachella)

	Kid Cudi appeared at Coachella in 2019, closing out his memorable performance with a tribute to Mac Miller and Nipsey Hussle, dedicating his performance of “Pursuit of Happiness” to both artists, who had died the year prior.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The “Man on the Moon” singer is set to embark on a world tour in support of his ninth studio album, Insano, and will kick off the the North American leg on July 28 in Austin, Texas, at Moody Center. Pusha T will join him on the road for all of the dates, with Jaden and Earthgang appearing in select cities.

	










	This year’s Coachella has been a year of A-list guests and last week, Olivia Rodrigo rocked out with No Doubt, Will Smith (and an alien invasion) showed up for J Balvin, Justin Bieber joined Tems for “Essence,”  Shakira announced a world tour amid Bizarrap’s set, and 21 Savage, Teezo Touchdown, and A$AP Rocky all came out to help Doja Cat shut down on the last night of Weekend One.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.