Forgot Password

Not a Member? Sign up here!

  Posted about eight months ago 

LSU Ag Extension County Agents Kim Deville, Madison LaTour and Brittany Zaunbrecher provided reports to the Police Jury at their meeting on Tuesday night.  Here are the Highlights that were reported:
Parish 4-H students traveled to the National Shootings Sports competition in Grand Island Nebraska.  There were three members on the Hunting Skills Team representing the State of Louisiana.  The skills consist of Archery, Shot Fun, 22 Rifle and a Skills test.  The team finished 2nd overall with these individual results:
Lance Fontenot represented the Parish on the Shotgun Team.
The Louisiana Shooting Sports Team placed 1st overall at Nationals.
In Robotics, the sponsors are CLECO, Schlumberger and Cabot.  The focus was on Lego Robotics last year, and they are introducing drones and underwater robotics this year.  The 4-H students toured the Schlumberger facilities and learned about STEM jobs from the Sponsor.
The following students participated in an interview process at the 4-H State Conference and were appointed as below:
At the 4-H University, there were 18 participants with home in the educational Clover College and some competing in state level contests:
Sewing for Services and Gardening is the new Project Club.
LSU AgCenter Master Cattleman Class finished up on June 13. 22 producers completed the class, with three of them having their cattle operations here in Evangeline Parish.
Thursday September 5, the Evangeline Parish Cattlemen’s Association hosted a field day at the Chauncey Pitre Barn. With over twenty participants and board members in attendance, producers learned about meeting the nutrition requirements of cattle through hay quality and supplementation from Brett Richard, sales representative from Sweetlix. LSU AgCenter Livestock and Forages Agent Brittany Zaunbrecher spoke to the group about producing quality forages and hay, reducing dry matter losses, and soil and hay testing services offered by the LSU AgCenter. Curtis Bryant, Sales Manager for Neogen, spoke to the group about DNA testing and what it can tell producers about their cattle and how they can improve their genetics with DNA testing. Thanks to Louisiana Home Builders and the Evangeline Cattlemen’s Association for putting on a great field day event!

Posted

              About Three Years Ago              


Posted

              About Three Years Ago              


Posted Wednesday, June 26th, 2024 7:40pm
by Mark Layne


Posted Saturday, December 30th, 2023 4:00pm
by Mark Layne


Posted Monday, November 1st, 2021 7:07pm
by Mark Layne

Your email address is never published.
View Results
If you need help accessing the online public file due to a disability, please contact us
Home  |  KVPI-AM Public File  |  EEO  |  Employment Opportunities  |  Advertising Information  |  Contests  |  Contest Rules  |  Contact Us
Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Disclaimer
©
			2025			KVPI-AM,
			Ville Platte Broadcasting Co., Inc.		
Built on Envisionwise Technology. Administrator Login