A teen left their parents on an island in the Caribbean after they were running late and going to miss the ship's departure.
The recent high school grad explained that their parents gifted them a cruise as a graduation gift, as well as for their 18th birthday.
"We usually stay at all-inclusive resorts but I have always wanted to go on a cruise. I told my parents it was different and that if we went on excursions we had to follow the schedule no matter what. Well, it was a week-long cruise and they would not head back to the ship when I said it was time to go. They were busy shopping and bargaining with the locals," the teen wrote on Reddit.
Growing tired of waiting, the teen told their parents they were "heading back to the ship," but their mom waved them off.
Ultimately their parents "missed the departure... by a lot. Like 45 minutes."
"They got a hold of me through WhatsApp. They wanted to know why I didn't get the boat to wait for them. I wanted to scream that they were not going to inconvenience 3,998 people because two could not understand what a schedule was," the frustrated teen wrote.
Their parents "ended up having to fly to the next port from there and it was expensive."
"They are pissed at me for leaving them behind. I don't know what I was supposed to do. They literally told me that they knew what they were doing. I wish I had never asked for this. They are making me miserable because I left without them," the teen concluded.
READ MORE: Cheaper Than a Mortgage? Couple Plans Cruise Ship Retirement After Reviewing Cost
Users applauded the teen in the comments, with many blasting their parents for not taking the time seriously.
"The docks and ship have a schedule to keep. They are adults and need to be responsible for getting back on time. Which is something you have figured out in less than six months of being an adult. At least you don’t have to go on any more vacations with them after this," one person wrote.
"Do they think if they arrive late to the airport the plane will wait around for a couple hours? This is not rocket science. It's a mode of transport, you get there on time," another shared.
"It is no different to a plane, they will not and cannot wait for anyone. Just imagine if they waited for all those people to trickle on when they felt like it, you’d never go anywhere. Congratulations on being the only true adult in the family, even if you are only just one!" someone else commented.
Gallery Credit: Alicia Selin