The new frontline label will also be the home for producers Camper (Big Sean, Mary J. Blige) and 30 Roc (Cardi B, Roddy Ricch), as well as the Underachievers, Leaf and more.

													By
												

	Dan Rys


Influence Media has launched a new frontline label, called SLANG, with Will Smith among its initial signings, the company announced today (July 24).

	The company, which has been backed by the Warner Music Group and BlackRock, is launching the new label with its partner and founding advisor Rene McLean at the helm. SLANG, in partnership with TRIBL Records, released Smith’s latest single, the Gospel track “You Can Make It” feat. Fridayy and Sunday Service, on June 28, which has racked up 1.13 million on-demand streams in the U.S. so far, according to Luminate.

	Joining Smith on the SLANG roster are producers Camper (Big Sean, Mary J. Blige) and 30 Roc (Cardi B, Roddy Ricch), as well as the Underachievers, Leaf, Truththebull, Isaia Huron and more.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“I’m proud to lead SLANG’s efforts to partner with quality artists and invest in their growth, regardless of genre or where they are in their respective careers,” McLean said in a statement. “In a quickly-changing music industry, SLANG artists will be surrounded by a team of like-minded strategists who will stop at nothing to further their trajectory and help them meet their goals. Our commitment to culture comes first, and we consider our SLANG roster family.”

	Influence Media launched in 2017-2018, initially using bridge financing from Morgan Stanley to acquire assets from artists and producers Jeff Bhasker, Shane McAnally and Ben Rector, before selling those rights to Tempo Music in 2019. Two years after that, it launched its Fund I with $100 million in backing to acquire some copyrights from songwriter Ali Tamposi (Kelly Clarkson, Camila Cabello) and singer/songwriter Julia Michaels (“Issues,” Justin Bieber). 

	The backing from WMG and BlackRock, announced in February 2022, was intended for purchasing new assets and as an investment in Influence’s platform; at the time, Influence was said to have deployed some $300 million of the $750 million it had raised overall on songwriting catalogs from Tainy, the Stereotypes, Jessie Reyez and Skyler Stonestreet. Since then, it also acquired parts of the publishing catalogs of Future and Harry Styles songwriter Tyler Johnson, and partnered with Enrique Iglesias for a rights management deal and acquired Blake Shelton’s master recordings.

	McLean, a 2023 Billboard R&B/Hip-Hop Power Player, led several of those acquisitions; he has served as a manager for the likes of Cam’ron, LMFAO and Kelis over the years, and had a hand in the careers of artists such as Missy Elliott, Busta Rhymes, Pharrell and Timbaland, according to a press release.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.