Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Sources tell RadarOnline.com Justin Bieber's loved ones are concerned he may be on the brink of a breakdown as he juggles fame and fatherhood.
Sept. 11 2024, Published 10:21 p.m. ET
Justin Bieber is trying not to crack under the pressure of being a first-time dad.
Sources close to the Baby singer tell RadarOnline.com they fear he may be on the brink of a breakdown as he tries to juggle fame and fatherhood.
One insider said: "Justin already has a hard time coping with life in the spotlight, so the worry is the stress of having a child to take care of and protect will be more than he can handle." 
The singer and his wife, model Hailey Bieber, both became first-time parents last month.
The 30-year-old pop star and his 27-year-old wife, model Hailey Bieber, celebrated the birth of their son, Jack Blues Bieber, on August 22. 
Justin honored his child's entrance into the world by posting a photo of the newborn's tiny foot on Instagram, writing in the caption: "WELCOME HOME". 
But even before Jack was born, a few incidents raised concern about the Grammy-winner's well-being.
Jack Blues Bieber was born on August 22, 2024. 
When he traveled overseas to perform a wedding for the richest couple in India earlier this summer, fans were quick to point out Justin's rail-thin figure and exasperated demeanor in photos taken at the event.
Weeks later, at a hotel in West Hollywood, the singer was caught on camera snapping at fans who were reportedly trying to take a photo of him and his pregnant wife at a hotel in Los Angeles. 
At the time of the outburst, according to our source, the "anxiety" Justin felt over becoming a father was making it hard for him to eat or sleep.
Justin Bieber was caught on camera appearing to yell at teenagers in public earlier this summer. 
The insider explained: "He used to enjoy his fans and all the attention that comes with his fame. But now it just seems to upset him, and the fear is part of that is all the pressure he's facing at home."
"People in his circle are afraid he could be a ticking time bomb ready to explode!"
The source emphasized how important Justin's relationship with his wife has been during the trying time, saying: "Hailey's been his rock — but now she's got to make being a mother a priority".
The couple faced rumors of turbulence leading up to the birth of their son, according to insiders. 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Insiders previously said that during her pregnancy, Hailey got used to dealing with her husband's nervous spells and calming him down.
But now, according to the source, loved ones are worried "the pressure of being new parents could push their marriage to the point of no return."
The couple revealed they were expecting their first child during a vow renewal ceremony in Hawaii in May. Hailey, who was already six months pregnant at the time, wore a form-fitting white lace wedding dress to accentuate her baby bump.
Leading up to the birth of their son, rumors began to swirl suggesting there was turbulence in the marriage. Hailey's purported extravagant spending and Justin's constant work commitments were suspected to be putting a strain on their bond. 
However, sources claimed the couple was stronger and more united than ever as they prepared for their journey into parenthood, viewing the birth of their child as a "fresh start" for their marriage. 
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.