By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:52, 3 August 2024   |  Updated:  07:58, 3 August 2024   
 158
View  comments
Hailey Bieber gave fans another look at her growing baby bump on Friday before stepping out for the night in Los Angeles.
The Rhode skincare founder, 27, looked incredible while posing in a skintight sleeveless red minidress on her Instagram Story.
Hailey — who is the new face of a YSL Beauty fragrance — posed for the gorgeous portrait inside the massive walk-in closet in her bedroom.
Her frock had a chic high neckline and a hem that stopped mid-thigh, giving her ample opportunity to show off her lean legs.
She sported her 'B' necklace — a tribute to husband Justin Bieber — and her sandy blonde hair was swept up in a bun. 
Hailey Bieber gave fans another look at her growing baby bump on Friday before stepping out for the night in Los Angeles
To complete her date night look, Hailey slipped on a pair of white high-heels. 
She puckered her lips and cradled her stomach for the photo, which she shared with her nearly 53million followers.
Six months into her pregnancy, Hailey confirmed in May that she's expecting her first child with husband Justin.
The couple tied the knot in a private civil ceremony in New York City in September 2018, followed by a lavish celebration with family and friends in South Carolina the following year. 
Hailey's new IG Story post comes after a source claimed to DailyMail.com that Justin is 'miserable' due to Hailey's alleged 'high-spending' habits.
'Hailey is a seriously high spender,' one source claimed. 'She has spent tens of millions on private jets to fly around the world, including once taking a plane just to get her nails done at a particular manicurist.' 
Another source also alleged that Justin is 'isolated from his friends and family.
'He's miserable right now as Hailey has taken complete control over him. He has lost his identity, creative drive and he is uninspired,' they claimed.
That description is certainly a far cry from the confident 12-year-old who first appeared on stages in 2009, performing his debut single 'One Time'.
The Rhode skincare founder, 27, looked incredible while posing in a skintight sleeveless red minidress on her Instagram Story
Six months into her pregnancy, Hailey confirmed in May that she's expecting her first child with husband Justin 
Flash forward to today: Bieber hasn't released a new album since 2021 and hasn't toured since 2022, after he cut short his 'Justice' run of shows over a health scare.
Announcing the world tour's cancellation, he told fans in September 2022 that he was making 'health a priority' following a terrifying bout of facial paralysis caused by Ramsay Hunt syndrome – a rare neurological disorder.
Then, in January 2023, there was another shock: Bieber announced he was selling the rights to his entire 291-song back catalog.
Music investment company 'Hipgnosis Songs Capital' reportedly bought Bieber's lifework for $200 million. In exchange, he no longer receives royalties on any of the tracks he's released or had an interest in before December 31, 2021.
Some Bieber insiders were allegedly surprised by the decision to sell.
Successful musicians traditionally look to offload their catalogs near the end of their careers when the windfall can help finance their expensive lifestyles as they step back from the spotlight.
'Justin was advised against selling. Hailey played a part in convincing him to do it,' a source claimed.
In May, the couple renewed their wedding vows in Hawaii, with Hailey revealing her pregnancy and a new 18-carat oval-cut diamond engagement ring estimated to cost $1.5 million and to go alongside her original 10-carat dazzler priced at $600,000. She now wears both.
'Justin was initially against [buying the new ring] and some people told him that it was awful of her to even ask for it,' an insider alleged, adding that Hailey 'told Justin that she had to have it to renew their vows. In the end she got what she wanted.'
Hailey's new IG Story post comes after a source claimed to DailyMail.com that Justin is 'miserable' due to Hailey's alleged 'high-spending' 
'Hailey is a seriously high spender,' one source claimed. 'She has spent tens of millions on private jets to fly around the world, including once taking a plane just to get her nails done at a particular manicurist' 
Asked to respond to these claims, a representative for the couple declined to comment, dismissing the allegations as 'salacious' 
Hailey's influence is even said to extend to Bieber's clothing, which in recent years has shifted from a more manicured style to a grungy look.
'Hailey used to only want Justin to look hot,' a source said. 'Now she likes him to look unkempt because then she thinks that girls will not flock to him.'
Asked to respond to these claims, a representative for the couple declined to comment, dismissing the allegations as 'salacious'.
In contrast, a source told PEOPLE earlier this week that Justin and Hailey are 'ready to become parents' and have been 'planning for the baby's arrival and it's very cute.'
They continued: 'They are super committed to their marriage, but also to being the best parents possible.'
The insider added that the singer and the model have drawn strength from their Christian faith throughout the pregnancy.
'They're very religious and lean on their faith,' said the insider. 'Justin and Hailey are really involved in their church community.'
Hailey, daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin and designer Kennya Deodato Baldwin, has also been 'fiercely protective of her and Justin's growing tribe' after revealing she is not currently 'close' with her own family, per the insider.
'I'm not super close with my family at this point in my life because I feel like I'm very independent. I'm my own individual now, and I've built my own family,' she told W magazine last week.
It comes just days after a source close to the A-list couple revealed they 'are feeling so thrilled and excited' as they prepare to be parents.
The insider told ET the pair is 'spending time with family and friends, going to church, and leaning on their close-knit circles on the regular.
'They've been trying to keep everything sacred during this special time,' they told the outlet.
The source went on to share that the parents-to-be are over the moon and are just weeks away from welcoming their little one.
'Justin and Hailey are feeling so thrilled and excited as Hailey gets closer to her due date,' the insider added. 'They can't wait to have a family together and are closer to one another than ever before.
In contrast, a source told PEOPLE earlier this week that Justin and Hailey are 'ready to become parents' and have been 'planning for the baby's arrival and it's very cute' 
The couple tied the knot in a private civil ceremony in New York City in September 2018, followed by a lavish celebration with family and friends in South Carolina the following year; seen in 2021 
'They know that this was their destiny and that this chapter was what was in store for them and their partnership was meant to be,' the source said.
The Purpose singer is also reportedly taking on the role well, catering to his supermodel wife's needs and cravings.
'Justin has been doing little things to take care of Hailey whether it's satisfying her pregnancy cravings, massaging her feet, or treating her to nice dinners,' the insider said.
'He's at her beck and call and the sky is the limit. Whatever she needs, he’s sure to get,' they finished.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group