By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:09, 24 October 2024   |  Updated:  17:53, 24 October 2024   
 114
View  comments
Hailey Bieber has shown off her tummy for first time since welcoming son Jack with husband Justin Bieber.
The model took to social media to share the mirror selfie taken in a bathroom.
The daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin looked like she had a small midsection as abs could be seen.
With a brown long sleeved shirt pulled up and tiny shorts on, she looked radiant as she has that new mom glow.
Her hair was up with bangs down on the side of her face as she was beautifully made up in caramel tones. 
The caption to her photo read, 'Night' as she had an angel wing emoji. 
Hailey Bieber has shown off her tummy for first time since welcoming son Jack with husband Justin Bieber . The model took to social media to share the mirror selfie taken in a bathroom. The daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin looked like she had a small midsection as abs could be seen
With a brown long sleeved shirt pulled up and tiny shorts on, she looked radiant as she has that new mom glow. Her hair was up with bangs down on the side of her face as she was beautifully made up in caramel tones. The caption read, 'Night' as she had an angel wing emoji
Hailey and Justin welcomed their first child at the end of August and shared the sweet name they had chosen.
Justin shared a photo of their new son's adorably tiny foot, while revealing that they had named him 'Jack Blues Bieber.'
'WELCOME HOME,' the singer wrote to Jack in the caption. Notably, the couple didn't clarify when their son was born.
Hailey reposted the photo to her Instagram Stories shortly after Justin's initial post. She captioned it with a teddy bear emoji and a blue heart, writing, 'Jack Blues.'
The name 'Jack' appears to have personal significance for the lovebirds, as it is the middle name of Justin father Jeremy Bieber.
Jeremy split from Justin's mother Pattie shortly after his birth in Ontario, Canada, when both were just 18.
The hitmaker initially saw little of his father as a child, but the two reconnected and have spent significantly more time together since Justin became an adult, solidifying their father–son relationship.
Baby Bieber was born at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, where Kylie's daughter Stormi Webster was born in 2018
Jack was delivered by Dr. Thais Aliabadi, the same OBGYN that Kylie and sister Khloé Kardashian used to deliver their children, according to the birth certificate obtained by TMZ.
Baby Bieber was born at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, where Kylie's daughter Stormi Webster was born in 2018.
Hailey and Justin were prepared for Jack's birth, as a source told People in July that the two were 'ready to become parents.'
'They're planning for the baby's arrival and it's very cute,' they said.
The 'very religious' couple were said to have leaned on their Christian faith and their church community for support as Jack's birth approached.
The insider added that Hailey was 'fiercely protective of her and Justin's growing tribe,' following reports that she was not currently 'close' with her family.
Hailey and Justin welcomed their first child at the end of August
In September, the mother-of-one rang in her sixth wedding anniversary with Justin. 
She gave her 53.3 million Instagram followers a glimpse of how they marked the special occasion by sharing photos of candles, twinkly lights and balloons. 
Despite taking a step back from posting personal pictures on her Instagram since becoming a mom, the Rhode founder couldn't resist sharing a few moments from her anniversary, which seemingly began with Justin surprising her with balloons.
After uploading a snap to her Instagram Story of two gold balloons covered with red hearts, she shared a video of some flickering candles.
Her third and final post featured her holding a polaroid picture of them kissing.
'6 years,' she wrote on the image. 'Love you baby.'
The couple tied the knot at a New York City courthouse on September 13, 2018 just months after Justin's finite split from his on/off girlfriend Selena Gomez.
After saying their 'I Dos' at an NYC courthouse, Justin and Hailey hosted an elaborate ceremony the following year at Montage Palmetto Bluff hotel in South Carolina.
They were first introduced in 2009 at TODAY when Hailey's father, Stephen Baldwin, introduced them to each other.
The pair then had a brief fling in 2016 amid his on/off decade-long romance with Selena Gomez.
When he and the Disney Channel alum, 30, finally called it quits for good in May 2018, Justin fell into Hailey's arms and they've been attached at the hip since.
Last month the mother-of-one rang in her sixth wedding anniversary with Justin over a romantic date night, complete with candles, twinkly lights and balloons
The couple tied the knot at a New York City courthouse on September 13, 2018 just months after Justin's finite split from his on/off girlfriend Selena Gomez
The pair have spoken candidly about their relationship over the years — including their 'really tough' first year of marriage.
Speaking to GQ in 2021, Justin revealed that his and Hailey's initial difficulties stemmed from 'trauma' and 'just lack of trust.'
'There was all these things that you don't want to admit to the person that you're with, because it's scary. You don't want to scare them off by saying, 'I'm scared,'' he explained.
The Sorry hitmaker admitted during the first year of marriage he was 'on eggshells' but now he's never felt more stable.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group