Capital




                
                    Ant Payne
                
                

9am - 12pm


Story Of My Life

                        

    
    One Direction
    

                    

Download 'Story Of My Life' on iTunes



Artists


                        
                            Billie Eilish
                            



12 March 2024, 17:08 | Updated: 12 March 2024, 17:09
Who is Billie Eilish's older brother, Finneas O'Connell, does he have a girlfriend and what's his net worth?
Billie Eilish's brother Finneas O'Connell is her music producer, songwriter and ultimate bestie.
He's like the super-talented shadow of Billie's success story and over the last couple of years has really come into his own as a celebrity that people know and love.
From appearing on Amelia Dimoldenberg's Chicken Shop Date to winning an Oscar for Best Original Song in 2024 alongside his sister for their track 'What Was I Made For' from the Barbie movie. 
He's almost a household name but who is Billie's brother Finneas exactly? What songs is he known for and does he have a girlfriend? Here's everything you need to know about...
Finneas O'Connell is an American singer-songwriter, who goes by the name 'Finneas'.
He was born on 30 July, 1997, making him 26 years old.
On the side of his singing career, the star has also acted in various TV shows and movies, including independent film, Life Inside Out, Glee, Bad Teacher and Modern Family.
Finneas grew up in Los Angeles with his mum Maggie Baird, and his father Patrick O'Connell. He is also the older brother of 'Bad Guy' singer, Billie Eilish, whose real name is actually Billie Eilish Pirate Baird O'Connell.
He is an established music producer, who helped put together Billie's debut album and works with her on all of her songs.
He's actually been producing music since the age of 12 and was also in a band called The Slightlys.
Finneas is currently dating Claudia Sulweski. Claudia is a popular YouTuber who shares beauty and fashion tips with her 2.5 million subscribers. The brunette beauty also has an impressive 2 million followers on Instagram. 
You can follow her @claudiasulewski.
Unsurprisingly, Finneas' track 'Claudia' was written about his love and the happy couple celebrated their five-year anniversary in September, 2023 where Finneas posted on Instagram with the caption, “Happy anniversary to my absolute dream girl!!! Best 5 years of my life!!!” 
Have no doubt that Finneas is active on Instagram, fans can follow him and keep up-to-date with his latest news @finneas.
He mostly posts behind-the-scenes snippets of making music with Billie and photos with his girlfriend Claudia.
A post shared by FINNEAS (@finneas)
Funnily enough, despite numerous sites claiming that Finneas is 5 feet and 5 inches tall, the man stands at 6 feet tall. 
Speaking to PaperMag, the artist was asked whether he had ever googled himself, to which he replied "Yeah, it says I'm 5'5 but I'm 6'. That's BS."
Finneas also took to X (formerly known as Twitter) to clear up any confusion about his height, he tweeted, "Lol, internet says I’m 5’5, can y’all let me know I’m 6’?"
It's estimated that Finneas O'Connell is worth a whopping $30 million (£25.6 million).
His little sister Billie is currently valued at $53 million (£40 million).
These are impressive numbers especially when considering the siblings have now won 2 Oscars and are only 26 and 22 years old respectively. 
Finneas has not only collaborated with his little sister, he co-wrote and co-produced her debut EP, Don't Smile at Me. 
He also helped produce her first album, When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?, and is the only other writer credited on the LP, which went straight to number 1 in the US and UK charts.
He also co-wrote and produced their Bond theme song 'No Time To Die'.
They both collaborated on the 2023 hit "What Was I Made For?" from the Barbie movie which earned them 5 Grammy nominations and an Oscars win! 
Finneas' debut track was 'New Girl', which was released in 2016 - the music video for which featured O'Connell and Yasmine Vega.
The following year, he released the single 'I'm in Love Without You', before dropping 'Heaven', 'Life Moves On', 'Hollywood Forever', 'Luck Pusher', 'Break My Heart Again' and 'Let's Fall in Love for the Night' in 2018.
Billie Eilish speaks about keeping her relationships private
Finneas has also produced songs for Camila Cabello, Selena Gomez, and Tove Lo!
He's written music for Justin Bieber, Kid Cudi and Halsey. 
Listen live to Capital, and catch up on any shows you missed, on Global Player.
See more Featured Artists