Usher had some very important advice for friend Justin Bieber—who recently welcomed baby Jack Blues Bieber with wife Hailey Bieber—exclusively telling E! News he hopes Justin savors the newborn stage.
Usher is thrilled that pal Justin Bieber has somebody new to love.  
And with his former protégé welcoming son Jack Blues Bieber with wife Hailey Bieber in August, Usher definitely has some important advice for Justin when it comes to life with a new baby, baby, baby, oh baby.
"Love," Usher exclusively told E! News. "Love and just enjoy this moment. Savor these moments."
The 45-year-old—who is a father to Cinco, 16, Naviyd, 15, with ex Tameka Foster as well as Sovereign, 3, and Sire, 2, with wife Jennifer Goicoechea—knows firsthand how difficult it can be to balance parenthood with a job in the entertainment industry, and he's hoping that Justin and Hailey will be able to appreciate the newborn stage to its full extent.
"These moments are so valuable," Usher continued. "Between the first and the third months—oh my God. This is the magic moments."
Overall, Usher—who has known the "Baby" singer since he first burst onto the scene at 13-years-old—is so thrilled Justin will experience the joys of a "child's love."
"When you look in your child's eyes and all of the things that you want to invest in terms of time and love and patience," he added, "it's the beginning of a journey like none other. It's one of the greatest rewards you will ever have in life."
And despite his own busy schedule—Usher is currently hard at work on his Past Present Future tour and celebrating the release of his new film, Usher: Rendezvous in Paris, in theaters until Sept. 15—he shared he does everything in his power to make sure he's still getting quality time with his family. And he especially enjoys weekends when his children are able to come out to him, or he's able to fly home and be with them.
"I get weekends to see the kids," he explained. "Of course, everyday I try to talk with them before bedtime, make certain that I understand what happened in school today, if I'm not able to get on a plane and get back home." 
Usher has previously talked about how important fatherhood is to him, and even used his 2024 BET Award win in June to give a heartfelt shoutout to fathers around the country.
"It's important to understand that fatherhood is so important," Usher said during his acceptance speech. "For all the fathers tonight at home or in the audience I would like for y'all to stand up just for two seconds for me."
He added, "Far too often, we get to this moment and we say to our mothers, 'Look Ma, I made it.' We don't get a chance to say enough, 'Dad I did it' So, this one is for all of the men out there being generals to their sons, and motivation for our future Black leaders—young men."
—Reporting by Emily Curl
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.