Justin Bieber has well and truly splashed the cash on his wife Hailey, spending around $1million (approximately £784,000) on a dazzling diamond ring, according to a professional jeweller.
The loved-up couple recently renewed their vows in Hawaii, revealing that they were welcoming their first child. Hailey has been keeping her social media profile active, showing fans her growing baby bump – but eagle-eyed fans have noticed one detail.
She's swapped out her $600,000 (£471,000) engagement ring with a new jewellery piece, and now a leading trade expert has told the Mirror exactly why she's done it. Valuing the new piece at around $1million, it was bought for one special reason by her husband Justin.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Pregnant Hailey Bieber gifted new dazzling diamond ring from husband Justin
Laura Taylor, an expert jeweller specialising in engagement and wedding rings, exclusively explained the hidden meaning behind her new piece and why she needed to swap out her existing sparkler, moving it to her pinky finger on her other hand, for now.
"Hailey has switched her gorgeous engagement ring, featuring an incredible 10-carat oval-cut diamond set on a simple 18k gold band, for a brand new ring," the industry insider from Lorel Diamonds revealed. "Pictures show Hailey wearing her original ring on her pinky finger on the opposite hand, and a brand new ring sits in its place."
Detailing the 27-year-old's reasoning for moving the original piece, Laura said: "Hailey's pregnancy will be causing her fingers to swell, which means that her original engagement ring will be feeling tight on her finger." She says the move is a "temporary measure" and that the ring will "fit better for the last few months of her pregnancy".
The new ring is "almost identical to her original engagement ring", Taylor explains. "The elongated oval-cut diamond is considerably bigger at roughly 18-carats. Hailey's original 10-carat engagement ring is worth an estimated £480,000 ($600,000).
"Though that price tag seems small in comparison to her new 18-carat replacement ring, which is worth upwards of £800,000 ($1 million) thanks to its excellent clarity and rarity." Revealing more about Hailey's choice, Laura tells the Mirror it "speaks volumes about the values she holds when it comes to her marriage" with husband Justin.
She concluded: "The classic four-prong setting and elegant oval-cut diamonds are timeless and suggest that Hailey values a traditional marriage over the glamour often associated with celebrity relationships, especially given the importance of religion in their life together. Justin is known for his grand gestures and public declarations of love."
"Hailey prefers to keep things private after years of speculation around their marriage. Her choice of engagement rings perfectly reflects this. They are a blend of timeless tradition and faith while allowing Justin to express his love in a way the world can admire."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.