Justin Bieber sparked concern when he posted crying pictures at the weekend and now the reason behind his emotion has now been ‘revealed’. 
The Sorry hitmaker, 30, took to social media with a carousel of photos, two of which saw him overwhelmed with emotion as tears rolled down his cheeks. 
Fans were concerned, with many taking to the comment section of the pictures to ask whether he was okay. 
Some thought the source of his tears could be marriage troubles with wife Hailey Bieber, 27 – but it appears they were mistaken. 
A source has now revealed Justin’s tears were down to the Canadian singer’s devout religion, and explained how he was ‘overcome with emotion’ over his ‘love’ for Jesus.
‘Justin wears his emotions on his sleeve and it is no secret that he is very religious,’ they told DailyMail.com. 
‘The pictures he put up of him crying may have prompted fans to question his well being, and whether his marriage is on the rocks – but it was about his love of Jesus.
‘It is deep, but he prays and often sheds tears after diving into his faith and though he prays and gives thanks for all that he has in his life, he gets carried away and the emotions that come from it all are released through tears.’  
They continued: ‘He is not ashamed or embarrassed as he wants people to see his emotions. It helps him out for all that he goes through. 
‘He feels that people should be vulnerable, and he is being vulnerable, and he believes it shows some maturity that he once didn’t have. In a word, he thinks it is beautiful.’
Justin swapped drugs for religion after having an epiphany at an Irish castle, where he realised he had everything but happiness.
‘For me, the drugs were a numbing agent to just continue to get through,’ he said in a 2021 interview with GQ Magazine, explaining the moment in Ireland that changed him. 
‘This old castle. Just like the most beautiful estate,’ he said. ‘With the trimmed hedges that are completely immaculate. It’s over this beautiful body of water. And I was there. And I was alone. And I was sad inside.’
He said his faith has led him to spend more time helping others rather than being self-absorbed. 
‘I don’t want to let my shame of my past dictate what I’m able to do now for people,’ he added.
‘A lot of people let their past weigh them down, and they never do what they want to do because they think that they’re not good enough.
‘But I’m just like, “I did a bunch of stupid s***. That’s OK. I’m still available. I’m still available to help. And I’m still worthy of helping”.’
Justin’s selfies come after the pop icon was spotted at this year’s Coachella Festival alongside his wife of six years Hailey, 27.
He even appeared on stage with Wizkid and Tems to perform their 2020 hit song Essence, which marked his second performance since announcing he was suffering with health issues. 
In 2022 Justin revealed his facial paralysis diagnosis, known as Ramsay Hunt syndrome, which was the result of a virus and caused him to cancel several shows at the end of his world tour.
He shared a video at the time that highlighted his delayed facial movement and sparked concern from fans as he said: ‘But obviously my body is telling me I’ve got to slow down and I hope you guys understand.’
In 2020, he also confirmed his battle with Lyme Disease and spoke about how the debilitating disease even ‘affected his brain function.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: This Oscar-winning 00s movie almost had a pivotal scene cut
Arrow
MORE: Controversial film slammed for ‘looking like a rom-com’ when it’s actually really dark
Arrow
MORE: Ryan Gosling has everyone asking ‘what the hell’ as he attends premiere in unhinged costume