Justin Bieber shared a brief message about his faith on Instagram Saturday as his once close friend Sean “Diddy” Combs continues to face criminal allegations of sexual assault, abuse, sex trafficking and more horrific claims.
“How can I really believe Jesus is with me?” Bieber, 30, asked on his Instagram Story. Then, he shared the following response: “Well for me Justin, its [sic] simply his goodness that keeps convincing me.”
“Every time I thought he wouldnt [sic] show up for me he always has, Im convinced hes [sic] the perfect patient presence that guides, directs and leads me all the days of my life providing, healing, restoring all that the enemy tried to destroy and steal.”
The “Lonely” singer’s message comes months after it was reported that Bieber was struggling with mental health issues following Combs’ September arrest. 
In October, several sources close to Bieber told Us Weekly that he was “in a hard place mentally” due to his “history” with the Bad Boy records founder and dealing with the news of the allegations surrounding Combs was “hard to process.” 
Bieber’s name was also brought up on numerous occasions due to his previous friendship with the “Last Night” rapper when he was just a teen. 
Another insider alleged that the “Never Say Never” hitmaker was “completely disgusted” by the sex crimes scandal involving Combs and had been “advised” to distance himself publicly from the disgraced star. 
Though, a third source claimed the singer had been able to find solace in focusing on the positives in his life, including his newborn son, Jack Blues, whom he welcomed with wife Hailey Bieber earlier this year. 
“His happiness being a dad has outweighed his anxiety about Diddy,” the insider said, noting once again that the pop star wants “nothing to do” with Combs’ legal drama.  
“It’s in his past, and that’s where he wants to leave it,” the third source reportedly said.
Bieber’s alleged mental health struggle seemed apparent earlier that month when he was spotted looking pretty glum while leaving celebrity hotspot Chateau Marmont solo.
The Grammy winner looked to be in deep thought as he had a stern look on his face. 
Advertisement