Are Bad Bunny and ex-girlfriend Gabriela Berlingeri getting back together?
The Puerto Rican rapper, 30, was in Los Angeles, California last week for a string of concerts at the Crypto.com Arena as part of his Most Wanted Tour. Following the shows, Bad Bunny returned to the arena to attend a game between the Los Angeles Lakers and Golden State Warriors on Saturday.
On Monday, Despierta América, a daily Spanish-language morning show that airs on Univision, shared candid images of Bad Bunny and Berlingeri getting into a car together in L.A.
Although it’s not clear if the images were of the two leaving the Crypto.com Arena, the “Tití Me Preguntó” rapper’s leather jacket and tinted sunglasses in the paparazzi photos match what he was wearing courtside at the game.
The couple met in 2017 at a restaurant in Puerto Rico before they began dating and collaborating on songs such as “En Casita” and “El Apagón,” according to People. Benito and Gabriela went public with their relationship in early 2020 and shared glimpses of their life together throughout the pandemic on social media. They quietly ended their relationship in late 2022.
The recent sighting of the two former lovers comes amid reports that another one of Benito’s exes, Kendall Jenner, 28, is allegedly “trying to figure things out” with on-and-off boyfriend Devin Booker, 27, according to a February report from Entertainment Tonight.
Jenner and Bad Bunny were first spotted on an alleged double date with Justin and Hailey Bieber. Despite being seen together in public several times, the rapper was reluctant to verbally confirm their relationship. They made things official with a campaign for Gucci Valigeria in September and were once again seen together at the afterparty for Saturday Night Live in October, where the reggaeton sensation was on hosting and musical guest duties.
A source connected to the couple told People in December that they had amicably split up, with Entertainment Tonight adding that there is “no negativity between them.”
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.