By SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:26, 18 January 2024   |  Updated:  07:38, 18 January 2024   
 38
View  comments
Hailey Bieber teamed up with Candice Swanepoel in a sizzling new swimsuit album posted to both their Instagram pages.
The saucy new cross-promotion was a plug for each of their brands - Candice's swimsuit line Tropic Of C and Hailey's skincare company Rhode. 
Candice, 35, who shot to fame as a Victoria's Secret Angel, demonstrated her lingerie model credentials as she and Hailey frolicked on a beach in the Bahamas.
She soaked up the sun on the beach in a flesh-flashing bikini that allowed her to show off her impressively taut midriff to full advantage.
Slicking her drenched blonde hair back, the leggy Afrikaner lent her beachwear a touch of glitz with a subtle pair of earrings.
Hailey Bieber teamed up with Candice Swanepoel in a sizzling new swimsuit album posted to both their Instagram pages
The saucy new cross-promotion was a plug for each of their brands - Candice's swimsuit line Tropic Of C and Hailey's skincare company Rhode
Candice could be seen wrapping an arm around Hailey's shoulders as the pair of them shot their best smoldering supermodel stares at the camera.
Hailey, the niece of Alec Baldwin and the wife of Justin Bieber, was decked out in a monochrome one-piece that matched Candice's bikini.
Both of them were wearing Tropic Of C swimsuits and Rhode cosmetics for the saucy ocean-themed Instagram album.
The pictures went online the day that Rhode, which takes its title from Hailey's middle name, announced a new pineapple refresh cleanser.
Hailey has been married to Justin since 2018, when they tied the knot at a ceremony at a New York City courthouse. 
Meanwhile, last year Candice found herself being trailed by rumors linking her to another world-famous singer- none other than Harry Styles.
The pop star, who at that point had recently broken up with his Don't Worry Darling director Olivia Wilde, was said to be courting Candice.
'Harry is one of the world’s biggest music superstars so it’s not surprising supermodels are lining up to date him,' a source gushed to The Sun in May.
Candice, 35, who shot to fame as a Victoria's Secret Angel, demonstrated her lingerie model credentials as she and Hailey frolicked on a beach in the Bahamas
She soaked up the sun on the beach in a flesh-flashing bikini that allowed her to show off her impressively taut midriff to full advantage 
Slicking her drenched blonde hair back, the leggy Afrikaner lent her beachwear a touch of glitz with a subtle pair of earrings
Candice could be seen wrapping an arm around Hailey's shoulders as the pair of them shot their best smoldering supermodel stares at the camera
'He's got history with Victoria's Secret models and has been linked to six others who have all walked in their fashion show. Candice is one of Victoria's Secret's most successful Angels and Harry would be a lucky man if he managed to woo her.' 
She was in fact the seventh Victoria's Secret model to be linked to Harry, amid a glittering list that includes Kendall Jenner and Cara Delevingne.
Candice was reportedly scouted at a flea market in Durban during her teen years and then rose to fame as a Victoria's Secret Angel in adult life.
The leggy Afrikaner started her swimwear line Tropic Of C back in 2018 and has been busily plugging it on social media ever since.
She and her ex, Brazilian model Hermann Nicoli, share two sons - a seven-year-old called Anacan and a five-year-old called Ariel.
Hermann and Candice were reportedly together for 12 years before their split, and she picked up Portuguese during their relationship.
A few years ago Candice let her public in on some of the diet tips that have helped her maintain her enviable figure over the course of her career. 
'It's all about balance for me,' she told InStyle. 'One meal in the day will be lighter than others, probably during lunch I will do something heavier so that my body has time to burn it off. Nighttime is something lighter and I always have a big breakfast.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group