Lawyers for Grammy-award winning songwriter and producer The-Dream are seeking the dismissal of a woman’s lawsuit that accused him of sexual assault and other abuse.
The producer, whose legal name is Terius Gesteelde-Diamant, was a writer and producer on huge hits including Beyonce’s Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), Justin Bieber’s Baby and Rihanna’s Umbrella.
He has denied allegations of sexual assault, rape and other abuse made in a June lawsuit by singer Chanaaz Mangroe.
The producer’s lawyers want the suit to be thrown out entirely, writing in a motion filed on Friday in a Los Angeles federal court that Ms Mangroe’s lawyers are “using the judicial system to propagate a false and defamatory narrative about Diamant, a highly respected black musician in the arts industry, for their own financial gain and to his extreme detriment”.
Ms Mangroe, who performed under the stage name Channii Monroe, alleged in the June lawsuit that Mr Gesteelde-Diamant lured her into “an abusive, violent, and manipulative relationship filled with physical assaults, violent sexual encounters, and horrific psychological manipulation” after she left her native Netherlands for the US with hopes of making it big as a singer.
The motion also aims to dismiss or strike the lawsuit’s rape claim, on technical grounds.
In a statement on Friday, Desiree F Moore, who is representing Mr Gesteelde-Diamant and his company, argued the lawsuit is a “shotgun pleading” which she says is grounds for dismissal because it does not specify specific factual allegations against each defendant.
Meredith Firetog, one of the lawyers representing Mr Mangroe, said in an email to The Associated Press that the arguments made in the motion to dismiss are “wholly unpersuasive”.
“We look forward to opposing the motions” and proceeding with the case, Firetog said.
If the case isn’t dismissed, Mr Gesteelde-Diamant’s lawyers want a judge to strike portions of the complaint they deemed “impermissibly immaterial, impertinent, and scandalous material.”
They also want the company he co-owns, Contra Paris, dismissed because it primarily does business in Atlanta and is registered in Delaware.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.