Congratulations are in order for Hailey and Justin Bieber.
The music superstar took to Instagram to announce the happy news, sharing a sweet photo of the baby’s foot on Instagram on 23 August. “Welcome Home Jack Blues Bieber,” he shared in the caption.
The couple first confirmed their pregnancy on Instagram in early May. Hailey posted a vintage-style video of the two renewing their vows in Hawaii. She wore a skintight lace Saint Laurent dress that showcased her baby bump, and for the caption, she simply tagged her husband.
Hailey later confirmed to W magazine that she shared the news when she was already in her second trimester. “I didn’t have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff,” she said. Bieber also added that she felt relief after posting: “I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly. I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.”
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
She soon embraced high-fashion pregnancy style: in addition to her Saint Laurent look, Hailey was also spotted wearing a liquid ivory silk satin dress by Phoebe Philo. Another paparazzi spotting saw her in a nude LaQuan Smith dress and an oversized Magda Butrym blazer.
After marrying in 2018, the Biebers were often asked about when they were going to have children. Both said repeatedly that they wanted to wait: Justin told Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show that he was looking forward to eventually being a father – but would respect his wife’s wishes on how many children she wants to have. “I am going to have as many as Hailey is wishing to push out,” Justin said. “I’d love to have myself a little tribe. But, yeah, it’s her body and whatever she wants to do.”
Now, it seems, that moment is finally here.
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast