e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
In some ways, it doesn’t get any more Beverly Hills than this.
Kendall Jenner and Hailey Bieber were out Tuesday, cruising around the posh town in Jenner’s luxury Mercedes Benz SUV when they were pulled over by a police officer, TMZ reported. The offense? Jenner had run a stop sign, law enforcement sources told TMZ.
But it doesn’t appear to have been a traumatic event for Jenner and Bieber — even though the supermodel’s alleged recklessness could have led to a pedestrian being hit while crossing the street.
TMZ reports that the two women — longtime pals who share “nepo baby” pedigrees and influencer aspirations — found themselves having a nice chat with the police officer who pulled them over. The duo, both wearing dark sunglasses, also appeared to laugh off Jenner’s alleged violation of the California Vehicle code. They were seen driving off “with big smiles on their faces,” TMZ said.
TMZ reported that the incident happened near the Beverly Hills Hotel. There’s no word on where Jenner was heading, and why Bieber, the wife of Justin Bieber, was with her.
Related Articles


			Rock & Roll Hall of Fame 2025 inductees include Soundgarden, Cyndi Lauper, OutKast		




			James Taylor on his new musical, songwriting, Ukraine and more: ‘It helps to have a deadline’		




			CBS got ratings boost from Katy Perry, Gayle King’s hated space trip		




			NYPD joined Meghan Markle’s motorcade after Harry pressured cops		




			Former 49er Richard Sherman joins long list of sports figures whose homes have been burglarized		

Jenner and her manager mother, Kris Jenner, can perhaps take comfort in the fact that she didn’t commit any serious crime. Running a stop sign is an infraction, though it could lead to a $238 fine and a bump in her insurance premiums. Of course, the Kardashian family member could easily afford these penalties.
Page Six, however, noted that this isn’t the first time the women have been together when Jenner was stopped by police. Back in 2019, Jenner was pulled over on Santa Monica Boulevard after going Christmas tree shopping with Bieber.
Jenner, who was 19 at the time, was reportedly driving another luxury vehicle — a Range Rover — without her headlights on.
Perhaps the latest incident arises from the women having other things on their mind, namely the memories of their fun New Year’s Eve vacation to Barbados, according to Page Six. Both recently shared photos of their fabulous vacation, which included friends and Bieber’s famous pop star husband.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group