Her original masters were sold twice, leading her to re-record her first six albums.
Taylor Swift is reeling in the high of winning Album of the Year at the Grammys, she’s embarking on another international leg of her critically acclaimed world tour, and her high-profile relationship won’t stop making headlines. No, it’s not 2010—it’s 2024. The multi-hyphenate is breaking records as she re-releases her first six albums (and casually drops new ones in between). But, wait, why is she even doing that again?
Taylor and Scooter Braun have been beefing for a few years...
...Because her original album masters were sold to him in 2019 and he sold them again in 2020.
Thus, (Taylor's Version) was born.
She released Fearless (Taylor's Version) in 2021, Red (Taylor's Version) in 2022, and dropped both Speak Now (Taylor's Version) and 1989 (Taylor's Version) in 2023. 
There are two more re-recorded albums left to drop.
Now, all that's left to take back are her name (aka her self-titled debut album) and her reputation.
Let’s get into the Tay-lore real quick.
In 2019, Taylor parted ways from her original label, Big Machine Label Group, and signed a deal with Republic Records. Around the same time, Scott Borchetta—the CEO of Big Machine—sold the masters of her first six albums to Ithaca Holdings, LLC. The company is owned by Scooter Braun, an industry vet who’s managed stars from Ariana Grande to Justin Bieber. 
The sale caused Tay to write a lengthy letter on her Tumblr account, where she described what was happening at the time. She wrote:
But! That’s nowhere near the end of this saga. In 2020, Scooter ended up selling Taylor’s original masters to someone else. Which begs the question...
In March 2020, Scooter reportedly sold Taylor’s masters to a private equity company, Shamrock Holdings, for $300 million. At the time, Taylor released a statement to her fans on Twitter, where she revealed that she attempted to buy her masters back. She also officially announced that she would be re-recording her first six albums, which was major news for Swifties.
Long story short: She survived (and dare I say, thrived?). As of right now, Shamrock Holdings still owns the masters of Taylor Swift’s original album masters.
So... Why Is Lorde’s Album Called ‘Virgin’?
Lorde Gushes About Charli’s Inspo for New Album
The 11 Podcasts You Need To Listen to in 2025
Time to Cure Your FOMO and Buy Beyoncé Tickets
Tap Into Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Setlist
Charli XCX Isn’t Ready to Let Go of ‘Brat’ Summer
Madison Beer Shows Support for Justin and Hailey
Benson Boone’s “Moonbeam Ice Cream” Song Is Here
What Zara Thinks of Those Xtina Comparisons...
Fans Weigh In on Addison Rae’s Name Change
Time to Tap Into Lorde’s “What Was That” Lyrics
Lorde Debuted “What Was That” With Fans in NYC
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.