Jay-Z and Beyoncé's lawyers have responded to singer Jaguar Wright's bizarre claims by sending Piers Morgan a legal request to cut her defaming comments made on his show, Piers Morgan Uncensored. 
Wright recently appeared on Morgan's program where she gave her perspective on the headlines surrounding Diddy’s recent arrest and the questions and accusations relating to it. “For four years I’ve been screaming not just Diddy, but Diddy and Jay-Z are monsters,” said Wright. She also alleged that both Jay-Z and Beyoncé have hundreds of victims with stories about what they've experienced.
After Wright's initial appearance went viral, Morgan has come out and revealed that he's been in contact with the famous couple's lawyers who stated that the claims against their clients "were totally false and have no basis in fact."
“The thing about platforms, the reality of the modern world is that pretty much everyone has a platform as long as they have something to say that other people want to hear," said Morgan in a new broadcast. "That’s why we invited her on to be interviewed. The people making these claims have an audience with or without shows like mine."
"Well, Jaguar, unexpectedly, made several serious allegations about Jay-Z and Beyoncé during that interview," he continued. "As I said in the moment, they were not present to respond or defend themselves, but now they have. We had lawyers contact us to say that those claims were totally false and have no basis in fact, and we’ve therefore complied with a legal request to cut them from the original interview.”
This isn't Wright's first time making wild claims about celebrities — or even Jay-Z and Beyoncé. A few months ago, Wright accused the couple of putting people on planes while they’re unconscious, and “keeping people against their will.”
In the same conversation, Wright claimed that Nicki Minaj has an audio recording of Meek Mill and Diddy having sex at a freak-off.
Wright’s accusations don't stop there. She claimed Justin Bieber and Odell Beckham Jr. hooked up, suggested that Diddy is responsible for the deaths of Kim Porter, Heavy D, and Andre Harrell, and said The Roots witnessed R. Kelly recruiting young girls for his sexual escapades.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Diddy Legal Issues: Woman Suing for Sex Trafficking Files Police Report in Miami Beach
pop-culture | BY Trey Alston
Diddy Offers $50 Million Bail Package, Puts Up Mother’s Home and Miami Properties as Collateral (UPDATE)
style | BY Trace William Cowen
Diddy Shares His Thoughts on 'Ugly' Richard Mille Watches
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.