With Diddy's recent legal woes, an old snippet of Khloe Kardashian has resurfaced where she spills the tea on one of the rap kingpin's parties.
A blast from the past clip from Keeping Up With the Kardashians features Khloe dishing to her sister Kourtney about hitting up a wild shindig thrown by Diddy. The episode, Secrets of a Double Life from 2014, captures Khloe in her closet, recounting her epic night out and dropping that Justin Bieber, just a fresh-faced 20-year-old at the time, was also there.
Khloe spilled the beans: "I got on a plane at 5.30am. Well this party... I think half the people there were butt naked." She added with a cheeky hint: "You would have loved it."
READ MORE: Awkward clip of P Diddy and Justin Bieber in embrace sparks concern among fans
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Kourtney probed further, asking: "Who was with you this weekend?" Khloe responded with a list of her party pals: "Diddy. Quincy. Justin Bieber..." confirming her star-studded company with a "So far, so good," reports the Mirror.
In the midst of Diddy's current controversy, his lawyers have come out declaring his notorious "freak off" bashes are "a lifestyle not a crime".
Another scene making waves online following the Diddy drama is a snippet from Khloe's own show Kocktails with Khloe, which aired in 2016, where she and Kourtney confront the music mogul. A clip now buzzing on Reddit shows Khloe saying: "Well, I know you're known for the parties. When you think of a party or a good time, you think of Puff."
Diddy nonchalantly responded: "Yeah," igniting a wave of nostalgia as Khloe added: "We've been known to party with you a few times."
She threw a glance towards Kourtney and asked: "Do you remember Diddy's birthday?" Kourtney admitted: "Yes, I forgot about that. That was an epic night too."
Triggering further reminiscing, Khloe pressed: "Why was it so epic?" To which Kourtney relived the story: "That night was fun 'cause all the girls ditched me, so it was like me and the boys. It was me, Kanye [West], Corey [Gamble], T [Tyga] just hanging out and it was fun."
The shockwaves from Diddy's recent arrest have catapulted these memories into the spotlight, with Diddy now locked up at Brooklyn's Metropolitan Detention Center facing heavy charges including racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation for prostitution.
He has entered a not guilty plea and his legal team has launched a bold $50million bail condition, suggesting house arrest. Yet Judge Tarnofsky held fast, keeping him caged behind bars.
Diddy's lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, has come out in defence of his client. Speaking outside the New York courthouse, he asserted: "Mr Combs is a fighter, he's going to fight this to the end. He's innocent. He came to New York to establish his innocence. He's not afraid, he's not afraid of the charges.
"There's nothing that the government said in their presentation today that changes anyone's mind about anything. He's been looking forward to this day. He's been looking forward to clearing his name and he's going to clear his name and we're going to stand by his side as he does."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.