Coleen Nolan admitted she was “heartbroken” when she learnt her son had lost everything and moved in Ed Sheeran.
In 2013, her youngest son Jake Roche soared to stardom with his band Rixton. The group quickly began touring in America with the likes of Ariana Grande and Justin Bieber.
But things took a dramatic turn two years later when the former pop star found himself living with Ed Sheeran and struggling to stay afloat. Earlier this year, the former musician opened up about his struggles in his early 20s in his new Edinburgh Fringe show, titled Neoporrhoids.
READ MORE: Coleen Nolan 'begged' to go on Strictly every year - but admits she's given up
Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Now, his supportive mum has revealed she had “no idea” what her son was dealing with during that dark period of his life. Speaking exclusively to Daily Star following the launch of her new book A Hand to Hold: All I’ve Learnt About Grief, she shared how proud she was of him for baring all in his new gig.
Coleen told us: “It’s very raw. All the things he talked about, it broke my heart to watch it. As a parent, you think you know everything about your kids, but there were lots that I learned.
“He was very honest about the things he’d gone through that he hadn’t told me. He hadn’t told me the year when he was living at Ed Sheeran’s house, or how much he struggled or how much pain he was in.
“I never knew that, so to hear that and see him relive that, it was heart-wrenching, and then brilliant that he could be that honest and open.” Reflecting on the more gut-wrenching part of his performance, the TV star admitted how she wished he had told her the truth at the time.
She went on: “There were sad moments when I thought, ‘Why didn’t you call me?’ but then you realise that he didn’t want to worry you. His whole thing about when he lost it all was that he didn’t know how to tell his friends and family.
"And also, he was embarrassed. And he never told me that at the time. He was like, ‘No, it’s fine mum, I don't care, I’m happy’ and yet he wasn’t really.
"It’s hard when it’s your kid because you think you know them so well or you think you’ve done everything right. But I never realised that went on.”
The TV star went on to add that his show isn’t all doom and gloom, and often talks about his struggles with piles. Coleen chuckled: “But he talks about his haemorrhoids or his neporrhoids as he calls them – and he really talks about them.
“But also, about what he got up to on tour when he was a pop star. And I’m proud of him.” The Loose Women star and her ex-husband Shane Richie are proud parents to two sons Shane Jr, 35, and Jake, 33.
The broadcaster is also mum to a daughter named Ciara, 22, with her former partner Ray Fensome. Fans will have to stay tuned to see what the famous family will get up to next.
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.