By Peter White 
Executive Editor, Television

American Idol has found its new Katy Perry.

	Deadline understands that Carrie Underwood has replaced the I Kissed A Girl star on the judging panel. Underwood, of course, rose to fame for winning the fourth season of the show, which then aired on Fox before moving to ABC. 

	She is expected to sit alongside Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan on the panel for Season 25.

	The Disney-owned network has been searching for a replacement for the last few months and Deadline heard that other names that were in talks before Underwood included Miley Cyrus and Justin Bieber, something that Luke Bryan alluded, highlighting Pink and Meghan Trainor as well.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					2025 Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series On Broadcast, Cable & Streaming		
			















	News
	



	
		
					'The View's Ana Navarro Praises ABC News' Terry Moran After Donald Trump Interview, Saying He "Gave A Masterclass In Journalism"		
			







RELATED: All The ‘American Idol’ Judges In The Show’s History: From Simon Cowell to Katy Perry


			Watch on Deadline		






	Underwood, who has sold around 85M records, is widely considered the most successful of the American Idol winners. She auditioned for the show, which was then on Fox, with Bonnie Raitt’s I Can’t Make You Love Me and her version of Alone was thought to be one of the reasons for her win.

	The singer has been a target for numerous music competition series including Idol and The Voice. Idol has been keen to bring back some of its former success stories as judges. In 2018, Kelly Clarkson, who won the first season of Idol in 2002, was thought to have been a target but she ultimately joined The Voice that year.

	Perry, Bryan, and Lionel Richie joined American Idol in Season 16 when ABC rebooted the competition.

	Following her American Idol exit, Perry said she would focus on her music career and revealed her new song would be Woman’s World, which was released earlier this month.

RELATED: Kelly Clarkson On Why She Won’t Be Replacing Katy Perry On ‘American Idol’: “I Promised My Kids”

	ABC renewed the show earlier this spring, Season 8 for the network, ahead of the finale of this season. American Idol has provided consistently strong ratings for ABC since the network picked it up in 2018 (after it ended its run at Fox in 2016).

	The series is produced by Fremantle and 19 Entertainment, which is part of Sony-owned Industrial Media. It is hosted by Ryan Seacrest.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.