Following the announcement of this year’s nominees for the 36th annual MusicRow Awards, presented by City National Bank, we take a closer look at the Group/Duo Artist of the Year category. This category is voted on by MusicRow’s subscribers to honor outstanding achievements by a Nashville Group or Duo during the eligibility period.
This year’s winners will be announced online on all MusicRow platforms on Tuesday, Aug. 27.
Click here to see the full list of MusicRow Awards nominees.
Winners are determined solely by MusicRow Magazine subscribers. Voting is now open and closes on Aug. 9 at 5:00 p.m. To receive a ballot to vote in the MusicRow Awards, becoming a MusicRow subscriber here.
ACM and CMA Award-winning duo Brothers Osborne are one of music’s most consistently adventurous bands. Growing up in Deale, Maryland, the brothers are leaders of a progressive yet classic school of country music, and the faces of the new generation in Nashville. The duo took home their first Grammy in 2022 for Best Country/Duo Group Performance. Altogether, they have been nominated for 12 Grammy Awards, won six CMA Vocal Duo of the Year awards and four ACM Duo of the Year awards. Brothers Osborne has amassed seven CMA Awards, seven ACM trophies, the ASCAP Vanguard Award, multiple RIAA Gold and Platinum certifications and more than three billion global streams. They have shared the stage with Chris Stapleton, Eric Church, Little Big Town and Miranda Lambert as well as held their own headlining tours. They released their fourth studio album, Brothers Osborne, last fall, featuring the single “Nobody’s Nobody.”
Three-time Grammy winners Dan+ Shay continue to make a permanent mark on country music and beyond. Their fifth studio album, Bigger Houses, gave the duo their 10th No. 1 at country radio with lead single “Save Me The Trouble.” The song marked their largest add-day to date and the highest Country Aircheck debut since June 2022. It won the 2024 CMT Music Award for Duo/Group Video of the Year. Bigger Houses followed the duo’s record-breaking album Good Things, which featured Platinum-certified hits “I Should Probably Go To Bed” and double-Platinum “Glad You Exist.” It also saw the five-times Platinum global smash “10,000 Hours” with Justin Bieber, which crossed one billion streams on Spotify in December 2023. The project was the first country album in the streaming era to achieve RIAA Gold certification at release and is one of the only 12 albums all-genre to be released and go Gold in 2021. The duo also made history in the last year by becoming the first ever team to coach on The Voice.
Multi-Platinum band Old Dominion are consistently at the forefront of country music with their skyscraping anthems and electrifying live shows. To date, the group has notched nine No. 1 singles, amassed five billion streams and received over a dozen RIAA Platinum and Gold single certifications. Their accolades include seven ACM Awards, six CMA Awards and several Grammy nominations. The 2023 release of 18-track Memory Lane continued the group’s infectious sound, lyrical wit and hook-heavy songwriting. The title track peaked at No. 4 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart and hit No. 27 on the Hot 100. The album also featured the band’s duet with Megan Moroney, “Can’t Breakup Now.” Old Dominion continues to headline arenas and amphitheaters around the globe and are scheduled to appear at Watershed Festival, Musikfest, XRoads41, Coastal Country Jam and more. They recently dropped their newest radio single “Coming Home,” which debuted at No. 24 on Billboard‘s Country Airplay chart.
In 2023, Parmalee were crowned the most-played group/band on country radio. The group has earned four No. 1 singles, multiple Platinum records and over one billion on-demand streams. With the whole group hailing from North Carolina, their breakout hit “Carolina” topped the charts and was followed up with their Platinum-certified No. 1 single with Blanco Brown “Just The Way.” Then, they released Billboard‘s Most Played Country Song of 2022, “Take My Name.” With recent single “Girl In Mine,” the group scored their third straight No. 1 track, and it was No. 8 on Billboard‘s Most Played Country Songs of 2023. Parmalee dropped their latest album, For You 2, which includes their top-25-and-climbing single “Gonna Love You.” They recently wrapped their run on Kane Brown’s tour and are scheduled to appear at Country Jam, NC Freedom Fest, Coastal Country Jam, Country In The Park, Country Calling and more, along with numerous headlining shows.
Husband and wife duo The War And Treaty have become one of the most electrifying new acts in music, with their lionhearted sonic blend both roaring with passion and tender to the touch. The duo’s debut album Lover’s Game earned critical praise and includes standout tracks “Blank Page” and “Ain’t No Harmin’ Me.” The pair also collaborated with Zach Bryan on smash hit “Hey Driver.” The group recently extended their headlining tour, with stops scheduled in Chicago, Omaha, New York City, Denver, St. Louis and more. They also will be seen on bills for Chris Stapleton, Zach Bryan, Ian Munsick, Gary Clark Jr. and Orville Peck throughout the year as well as appearances at Lasso Festival, North Carolina Folk Festival, Bourbon & Beyond, Sound On Sound and more. They have been keeping fans happy with recently-released tracks “Stealing A Kiss,” “Leads Me Home” and “Called You By Your Name.”
Sisters and reigning ACM New Duo of the Year Tigirlily Gold had been playing music together since childhood before forming their band in high school. The North Dakota natives played gigs across the midwest before moving to Nashville. When they got to Music City, they started with a weekly residence at Dierks Bentley’s Whiskey Row. During their four hour sets, they developed a captivating and fun performance style, proving that entertaining is in their blood. Their debut single at country radio, “Shoot Tequila,” hit the top 40 and amassed millions of views on social media in addition to millions of streams. The track earned them CMT Music Award nominations earlier this year for Breakthrough Female Video and Duo/Group Video of the Year. Their current radio single, “I Tried A Ring On,” is top-45-and-climbing. Both tracks are featured on their recently-released debut album, Blonde, a deeply personal project that shares tales of love and loss alongside powerful anthems and songs of female empowerment.