It's been 15 years Justin Bieber stole the hearts of so many teenage girls with his debut song, One Time.
Justin made his music industry debut at the age of 15. Not only will he be celebrating 15 years of fame but he also turned 30 years old on March 1 and recently announced that he and his wife, Hailey Bieber, are expecting their first child together. Teenage girls fell in love with not only his looks but his voice.
One Time was the first single Justin released from his debut EP, My World and the beginning of Bieber Fever.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber shows baby bump in crop top as she's seen with Justin for first time since reveal
He started the song singing: "Ay ay ay ay ay ay ay, let's go / Me plus you I'mma tell you one time." Then the first verse goes: "When I met you girl my heart went knock knock / Now them butterflies in my stomach won't stop stop / Even though it's a struggle love is all we got / So we gon' keep keep climbing 'til the mountain top."
How could Beliebers forget the pre-chorus: "Your world is my world / And my fight is your fight / My breath is your breath / When you're hurt." Then the chorus went: "Cause girl you're my one love / My one heart, my one life for sure /Let me tell you one time, girl I love, girl I love you / I'mma tell you one time, girl I love, girl I love you / And I'mma be your number one guy / You'll be my number one girl, always making time for you / I'mma tell you one time, girl I love, girl I love you."
The music video has 774 million views on YouTube with 4.2 likes. The video starts with the singer with his best friend Ryan Butler on the couch playing videos games, when Usher, who mentored Justin since the beginning, asks Justin to house sit for him because he will be late. Justin then texts a bunch of friends and party all night long. Justin also had his eye on a girl, Kristen Rodeheaver.
Fans in the comments have reminisced on his success, especially after the baby news. One person wrote: "And just like that, this is now 15 years ago.. and he’s married and now expecting a mini Bieber." Another person wrote: "Cant believe he is going to be a dad, it feels like yesterday when this video came out. I really miss the Bieber fever era from 2009-2012." A third person wrote: "This song would be the beginning of one of the best singers EVER."
Since his debut in 2009, Justin has released six studio albums: My World, My World 2.0, Believe, Purpose, Changes and Justice, been nominated for 23 Grammy-awards and broken records like most watched video on YouTube for Baby.
His career was not always pretty. Justin was arrested in January 2014 and carged for driving under the influence, driving with an expired license and resisting arrest "without violence," after being pulled over on Pine Tree Drive in Miami, Florida in a rented yellow Lamborghini. Some could say that his bad boy image affected his career but Beliebers all over the world feel like it helped him become the man they know and love today.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.