by 
	Sydni Ellis


	Pregnancy can bring about a lot of emotions and worries. In my experience, the most common were: will this give me heartburn? (Yes) and will childbirth be stressful? (Definitely!) Yes, giving birth is natural, but that doesn’t mean everything will go perfectly. It’s normal to be worried about this monumental moment, especially as a first-time mom. Speaking of, expectant mom Hailey Bieber is reportedly “majorly stressing out” about one aspect of her upcoming labor and delivery, and we feel her pain!

	










	The Rhode founder, who is currently expecting her first baby with husband Justin Bieber, is reportedly worried about family drama surrounding her baby’s birth. A source told Life & Style Magazine that Hailey’s complicated relationship with her family has “led to some delivery room drama, especially in regards to who will be invited.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Jeannie Mai & Her Daughter Monaco Are in House-Hunter Mode During This Scenic Video		
	










	“She wants the birth to be smooth and peaceful, but Hailey is majorly stressing out at this point,” they added. I don’t blame her! From people who think they deserve to be in the room with who to extend the invite to. It’s no wonder some couples just tell their families after the baby is born!



	Hailey, who is the daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin and graphic designer Kennya Baldwin, opened up about her family dynamics in a July issue of W Magazine, featuring dreamy baby bump photos. “I had a fairly normal childhood. Obviously, I come from the family that I come from, and I always recognized that that was different,” she told the outlet. “I’m not super close with my family at this point in my life because I feel like I’m very independent. I’m my own individual now, and I’ve built my own family. But when I look back on my childhood and how I grew up, I have very fond, beautiful memories.”
Hailey Bieber has opened up about her pregnancy journey, addressing the media's baseless rumors and the emotional challenges of expanding her family.  https://t.co/5kc9tnjNw1

	The source told Life & Style that even though Hailey “would’ve loved” to have her mom with her in the hospital, “they’ve been having issues.” The insider added, “Plus, Hailey worries her dad would tag along and be in the waiting room posting updates to social media. That’s her biggest fear, and it’s crazy she has to worry about something like that.”



	It makes sense! I didn’t want anyone posting about my newborn baby before I was ready, and I’m not famous! Of course Hailey would want the privacy to reveal the information in her own way.

	There are other things Hailey is anxious about regarding childbirth, too. She told W, “the Internet is a scary place for a pregnant woman” because of all the health rabbit holes you might go on. “You see so many stories — traumatic birth stories, traumatic experiences — and I know that that’s very real,” she said. “But I don’t want to scare myself.”

	At the end of the day, you have to do what is necessary to give yourself peace — whether that’s keeping your delivery experience private or staying off the internet. And trust that everything will work out!
These wild celebrity birth stories are dramatic, hilarious, and utterly eccentric.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.