Manage your account
Photo courtesy The Aqualillies
For more than a decade, movie fans from around the world have descended on Hollywood each spring for the Turner Classic Movies Film Festival. At the first outing in 2010, screen legends Esther Williams and Betty Garrett presided over a poolside screening of their 1949 film Neptune’s Daughter. The film showed off Williams at the height of her prowess, helming one of the big-budget Technicolor swim romance movies, a genre she pioneered. That was the night the Aqualillies got a chance to perform for their hero, once dubbed "America's mermaid." The all-female synchronized swim team dove and bobbed and leapt from the water with the same sort of precise movement and dance that Williams had made famous all those years earlier. The troupe, founded in L.A., has since performed for Beyoncé, Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, and Nicky Minaj, and soon you might number among their fans. The group was founded by Mesha Kussman, a graduate of New York University's Experimental Theater Wing, and started with a residency at the Roosevelt. Every August 8, they host the annual Summer Watershow, paying tribute to Williams on her birthday and celebrating the late swim star's aquatic legacy as the inspiration for the troupe.
Photo by Los Angeles Times Photographic Archives/UCLA, Library Special Collections, Charles E. Young Research Library
On September 29, The Art Deco Society of Los Angeles is presenting the underwater dancers at the historic Los Angeles Athletic Club downtown. The fundraiser also includes a talk by Vicki Valosik, who is launching her new book Swimming Pretty: The History of Women in the Water, along with a vintage swimsuit parade, live jazz, and cocktails. The society recommends a dress code of vintage beach pajamas, nautical resort wear, and palm beach suits, so expect a sartorial parade.The Athletic Club recently completed a multimillion-dollar renovation and restoration of their historic clubhouse. The 144-year-old club is members only, so count this as a rare opportunity to take a peek inside.