In this file photo, rapper Sean Kingston performs at Chevy Court during the 2014 New York State Fair. David Lassman | dlassman@syracuse.comDavid Lassman
Sean Kingston arrested after home raid
“Beautiful Girls” singer-rapper Sean Kingston has been arrested after his mother was taken into custody following a raid on his Florida home. ET reports Kingston, 34, was booked into jail Thursday in San Bernardino, California, where he was performing at the time. He’s accused of numerous fraud and theft charges, including allegedly claiming he had a current working relationship with Justin Bieber. According to the Daily Mail, Kingston is currently facing a lawsuit over the purchase of a 17-foot-by-9-foot TV, which he allegedly acquired in a deal where he was said to have promised Bieber would do commercials for the brand, Colossal TV. Kingston, who most recently performed in Syracuse last year, previously collaborated with Bieber on “Eenie Meanie” in 2010 and “Won’t Stop” in 2011.
‘Seinfeld’ star battles cancer
“Seinfeld” star Michael Richards is opening up about a battle with cancer that he thought might kill him six years ago. “I thought. well, this is my time. I’m ready to go,” Richards told People in a new interview. “But then my son came to mind just a few seconds later and I heard myself saying, ‘I’ve got a 9-year-old and I’d like to be around for him. Is there any way I can get a little more life going?’” Richards, who played Cosmo Kramer on the hit ‘90s TV show, said he was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2018 and had his prostate surgically removed to treat the cancer. Richards, 74, said the health scare inspired him to write his forthcoming memoir, “Entrances and Exits.” He also spoke about the 2006 racist tirade at a comedy show that eventually led to him stepping away from public life: “I was immediately sorry the moment I said it onstage,” he said. “It was time to disappear and finally pay attention to where all of my anger was coming from.”
New music
TGIF: New music out this week includes a new Sublime song with Bradley Nowell’s vocals, plus releases from Nelly Furtado, Charlie Puth, Imagine Dragons, Sexyy Red, Meghan Trainor, Twenty One Pilots, Coi Leray, Zach Bryan, Lenny Kravitz, and Bailey Zimmerman.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices