120 people have come forward to accuse P Diddy of sex abuse, a lawyer has claimed.
The disgraced rapper, real name Sean Combs, has now faced assault allegations from over 100 people, several of whom are minors, Texas lawyer Tony Buzbee told a press conference on Tuesday (October 1). He said 25 of them were minors at the time of the alleged offences and one was as young as nine years old.
"This is an important matter that we intend to aggressively pursue," Buzbee told reporters. The lawyer said he and his team “will leave no stone unturned to find potentially liable parties” in the alleged abuse by Diddy, who has denied all allegations of criminal wrongdoing.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
However, Diddy’s legal team spoke out against Buzbee’s claims. His lawyer Erica Wolff told Daily Mail: “Mr Combs emphatically and categorically denies as false and defamatory any claim that he sexually abused anyone, including minors.
"He looks forward to proving his innocence and vindicating himself in court, where the truth will be established based on evidence, not speculation.”
The youngest alleged victims would have been aged 9, 14 and 15 when the incidents occurred, the press conference held in Houston heard. Buzbee said: “This individual was sexually abused allegedly by Sean Combs and several other people at the studio in the promise to both his parents and to him himself of getting a record deal.”
Buzbee alleges that “other boys were there to audition as well,” every one of them was a “minor” and “trying to land a record deal” with Combs’ Bad Boy Records, which has boasted high-profile celebrity clients including Notorious B.I.G., French Montana and Machine Gun Kelly.
According to Buzbee, one minor was told by Combs that the rapper “would make him a star,” but that he “needed to visit with him in private about it away from his parents”. The lawyer alleged that “once they were in a private area,” Sean “made the victim perform oral sex upon him”.
Buzbee said he expects lawsuits to be filed within the next month and that these lawsuits are expected to be filed in New York and Los Angeles. He said at the press conference: "This type of sexual assault, sexual abuse, sexual exploitation should never happen in the United States or anywhere else.
"This should have never been allowed to go on for so long. This conduct has created a mass of individuals who are injured, scared and scarred."
Another accuser, who would have been 15, flew to New York City to attend a party where they were drugged: “[...] Then taken into a private room allegedly in the presence of Mr Combs where this female individual - minor - was raped and then other individuals took turns raping her.”
According to Daily Mail, Buzbee said medical records prove they have been drugged or raped. He said: "Drugs were found in their system-- weird drugs, drugs that you probably never heard of. One in particular that continues to pop up is a drug called Xylazine, or tranq, which based on our research is known as a horse tranquilizer."
Combs is currently facing federal charges of sex trafficking, racketeering conspiracy and transportation to engage in prostitution - he denies all charges. The rapper allegedly created "a criminal enterprise whose members and associates engaged in, and attempted to engage in, among other crimes, sex trafficking, forced labour, kidnapping, arson, bribery and obstruction of justice".
The allegations were laid out in a federal indictment against the musician. The indictment alleged that he held what he called "Freak Offs". They were allegedly sex performances in which the victims were allegedly drugged and coerced into sex acts with male workers.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.