Hailey Bieber kicked off 2024 with a little escape to paradise.
The Rhode founder shared a glimpse of her tropical New Year's trip to Barbados with husband Justin Bieber and pals like Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny on social media.
Her first photo featured the model wearing a long, curve hugging white dress. The 27-year-old also showed off some more casual looks with her hair in a towel and a makeup free face before getting cheeky with it in an itty bitty green thong bikini.
Hailey, who jetted off to Barbados with Justin and her friends after spending time in Aspen, shared a close up video of the crystal clear ocean.
And she shared her intentions for the new year, captioning the Jan. 4 post, "2024…I'm along for the ride."
Hailey wasn't the only one who gave insight into the tropical trip. After all, Kendall—who reunited with ex Bad Bunny (real name Benito Martínz Ocasio) during the vacation—shared her own cheeky bikini look on Instagram. In addition, the 818 Tequila founder revealed her reflections on 2024.
"Years pass, and they seem faster and faster," Kendall captioned her Jan. 3 post. "Presence and time is all i can ask for. so grateful for what has past, so optimistic for what's to come."
She continued, "Go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don't waste a second. 2024, shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence."
A post shared by Hailey Rhode Bieber (@haileybieber)
As Hailey and Justin usher in a new year, they had a lot to appreciate about 2023. The duo celebrated their 5th wedding anniversary in September, while Hailey's Rhode line continued to take the beauty scene by storm.
Keep reading for more of Hailey and Justin's cutest couple moments from over the years.
Business Partners
In April 2025, Hailey Bieber shared a mirror selfie wearing a new leather jacket that she was designing to support Justin Bieber's new clothing brand Skylrk.
Colorado Getaway
Justin and Hailey had some fun in the snow while vacationing in Aspen, Colo., in January 2025.
Afternoon Stroll
Three months after welcoming their son Jack Blues Bieber, the smile-filled couple took a walk outside together.
6th Wedding Anniversary
Three weeks after Jack arrived, Justin and Hailey celebrated a relationship  milestone in September 2024.
Baby, Baby!
The Biebers announced the arrival of their first child together in August 2024.
Justin and Hailey, wearing Jordan Road earrings, shared this kissing photo on their Instagram pages in honor of their fifth wedding anniversary in 2023.
"To the most precious, my beloved." Justin wrote on Instagram. "You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let's keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
"5," Hailey wrote on her Instagram to celebrate their fifth anniversary. "I love you."
The couple was over the moon in love as they got ready to take flight.
Justin and Hailey looked so darn cute cuddled up together!
The two cuddled up during an outing at the lake.
Justin and Hailey couldn't keep their hands off each other while making out in the water.
In July 2018, Justin confirmed his engagement to Hailey in a lengthy Instagram post. "Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly," he captioned this photo. "My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first," he continued. "You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!"
He also shared this shot as part of the engagement announcement, writing, "It's funny because now with you everything seems to make sense!" He added, "My goodness does feel good to have our future secured! WERE GONNA BE BETTER AT 70 BABY HERE WE GO!" Aww!
The Biebers sharing a sweet smooch. "Hunny buns punkin," Justin captioned the photo. 
The two enjoyed a very sweet smooch to celebrate their love. 
Hailey posted this sweet pic in honor of her hubby's 25 birthday. 
"My lips get jealous of my arms cuz I can hold you with them," Justin shared. We're pretty jealous too! 
Could these two be any cuter?! "My only bubba," Hailey shared about the sweet pic. 
It may be cold outside, but they know how to keep each other warm. 
This photo might be blurry, but one thing is clear—they're so in love! 
Hailey supporting her man in the studio while he does what he loves. 
Justin's pouty pucker is courtesy of his vacation ending. Very relateable! 
Once again, these two are absolutely slaying the relationship goals! "Go best friend that's my best friend," Justin captioned the pic. 
The couple who prays together, stays together. "I know for me this conference came at the exact time I needed it, I believe God is THAT amazing and faithful that he brings us the right words during the season that we need it the most," Hailey captioned the shot with her hubby.
Amazing views for the gram. The sunset is also pretty nice! 
One of their first official shots as husband and wife! 
Even in this photo taken years ago, this pair was picture-perfect.
In January 2016, the two decided they weren't going to hide their romance any longer, and this photo of them kissing quickly circulated throughout the internet.
Hailey decided to lend a helping hand in January 2015 when she gave Justin her hair-tie right off her wrist!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.