“All Too Well (Ken’s Version).” 
Ryan Gosling took inspiration from Taylor Swift during his hilarious “Saturday Night Live” monologue. 
The “Barbie” actor, 43, hosted the sketch comedy show for the third time over the weekend and promised not to do “any jokes about Ken” following his turn in Greta Gerwig’s 2023 hit that earned him an Oscar nomination.
“Ken and I, we had to break up. Letting go feels like a breakup,” Gosling joked. “For processing a breakup there’s really only one thing that can help: the music of the great Taylor Swift.” 
The “La La Land” star then sat down at a piano and launched into a rendition of the singer’s fan-favorite 2012 hit, “All Too Well.” 
“I left my rollerblades in that big pink house but I still got that fur coat and I’ll wear it right now,” he crooned, referencing some of Ken’s costumes from the summer blockbuster.
He then stood up from the piano, rocking sunglasses and an oversized fur coat, as he sang about his “washboard abs.” 
“I was just Ken, and now I’m just Ryan,” he went on, before his “Fall Guy” co-star Emily Blunt abruptly interrupted him with a surprise appearance.
“Ryan, you have to move on. It’s time,” Blunt, 41, told him. She then hit him in the head with a plank of wood and declared, “Ken is dead.”
Meanwhile, Swift was spotted partying with boyfriend Travis Kelce in the Indio, Calif., desert over the weekend for Coachella 2024, which brought out stars like Justin Bieber and his wife, Hailey, Jaden Smith, Lala Kent, Suki Waterhouse, Megan Fox, Gwen Stefani with No Doubt and more.
For more Page Six you love…
Fans were shocked to see the sweet couple, both 34, dancing in the massive crowd while Ice Spice performed her set Saturday night. 
The Kansas City Chiefs star protectively wrapped his arms around the “Lover” songstress at one point as they swayed from side to side.
The pair, who were also seen grooving backstage during Jack Antonoff’s Bleachers set earlier in the night, kept their energy up when the “Munch” rapper began playing Swift’s own track, “Karma.”
The Grammy winner was all smiles throughout the evening, and even subtly showed her support for her beau in a green “New Heights” podcast hat, which completed her casual festival ensemble.
Advertisement