Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Bieber tearfully vowed to protect rising star Billie Eilish from the music industry.
Sept. 26 2024, Published 3:00 p.m. ET
Justin Bieber sparked health concerns after he was seen for the first time since Sean “Diddy” Combs arrest. 
RadarOnline.com can reveal fans expressed worry about the pop star’s “thin” and “frail” appearance after he was seen leaving dinner with wife Hailey Bieber. 
Since the music mogul’s arrest, Bieber's once-close relationship with Combs, 54, as a teenager has been heavily scrutinized, prompting concerned fans to fear the Baby singer could be another alleged victim after videos of the pair resurfaced in which Bieber looked uncomfortable.
Bieber has been open about his struggles with fame, mental health and substance abuse.
Bieber, 30, and his model wife, 27, were spotted leaving dinner in Los Angeles on September 23. 
Hailey wore a long black leather coat and had hair pulled up in a sleek up-do.
The pop star wore a gray hoodie, baggie jeans, a cowboy hat and sunglasses, but the outfit didn't disguise his gaunt appearance.
Fans quickly took notice and flocked to social media to share concerns over the new father's appearance.
One user wrote: “He looks like he's going through it. I don’t see happiness. Praying for him and what he went through.”
Another commented: “Justin don't look healthy” as they noted “he is so thin."
A third fan said: “He doesn't look healthy and that hurts my heart."
While they pondered if his appearance was because “being a new parent is hard”, concerns circled back to Combs' arrest as they added: “Or that Diddy stuff is really getting to him.”
Diddy and Bieber spent much time together when Canadian was a minor.
Speculation over Bieber's past relationship with Combs grew as old video clips of the singer and music producer spread like wildfire online in the wake of the 54-year-old's arrest on sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation to engage in prostitution charges.
In one disturbing video, Combs told the camera: “He's having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose. But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream. 
“I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album.” 
In another video, Combs questioned a teenage Bieber on why he was “starting to act different” and why he hasn't “been calling me” and “hanging out like we used to”.
Bieber stumbled over his words as he noted Combs had reached out to his people but didn't have his number before he offered to give the mogul his contact information.
One X user noted: “Justin seems scared here, so sad. He was just a kid.”
A second added: “Justin looks uncomfortable.”
Adding to speculation over Bieber and Combs' mentor relationship was the pop star's past vow to “protect” Billie Eilish from the music industry.
The videos have prompted speculation over Combs' mentorship of Bieber as a teenage star.
While promoting his album Changes in 2020, Eilish was making a name for herself as a rising pop star. 
Bieber, who has been in the industry since he was 15-years-old, reached out to her to offer guidance and insight. 
In a tearful interview, he confessed his reason for doing so.
He said: “I just want to protect her. I don't want her to go through anything I went through. I don't wish that upon anybody.”
Adding to speculation was Bieber's vow in 2020 to 'protect' Billie Eilish from the music industry.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
As he reflected on his personal experiences, he added: “It was bad... It was dark.
“Think about how young I was and so impressionable and you have everybody telling me how awesome I am at all times... I just want people to understand the psychology of why I potentially could have problems in my life.”
He added he “wanted to be a good example” for Eilish because “It was hard for me, being that young and being in the industry, not knowing where to turn and everyone telling me they loved me and turn their back on you in a second”.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.