Fans may have done a double take in New York recently after catching a glimpse of Hollywood actor Jude Law filming with a bearded co-star on the busy streets.
The Talented Mr Ripley star, 51, looked his usual suave self, dressed in a grey coat and cardigan, worn over a white T-shirt with dark trousers.
However, his colleague – who was also directing on the shoot – was a little harder to instantly clock thanks to his scraggly beard and long hair, but it turned out to be none other than Jason Bateman.
Bateman, 55, inherited a dedicated fanbase thanks to his turn as Michael Bluth in TV favourite Arrested Development, which initially ran from 2003 to 2006, before Netflix revived the show for its final two seasons.
In a lengthy Hollywood career, he has also appeared in comedy movies including Horrible Bosses, Juno and The Switch, as well enjoying another hit on Netflix thanks to crime drama Ozark.
 Wake up to find news on your TV shows in your inbox every morning with Metro’s TV Newsletter.
Sign up to our newsletter and then select your show in the link we’ll send you so we can get TV news tailored to you.
For his new role, Bateman was dressed down in a faded denim jacket, slogan T-shirt and cargo trousers, worn with orange-soled trainers.
The two actors were seen shooting a scene outside a building in south Brooklyn, New York, which involved a conversation with another character, played by actor Ethan Herschenfeld, dressed in a long overcoat and wearing a kippah.
While Sherlock Holmes and The Holiday actor Law was often captured frowning or looking in deep thought – including a shot of him captured leaning on a chair on set, chewing his lip – his co-star appeared to be playing a more relaxed and mellow character.
At one point, he smiled while leaning on a wall to fix his shoe.
The pair of performers were on set for a project titled Gary the Dog, as could be seen by a notice informing residents of shooting affixed to a lamppost.
They are also known to be co-starring in a Netflix mini-series together called Black Rabbit, where they are playing brothers; it’s understood this is the programme’s shoot name.
Locals were pretty jazzed to have such famous faces busy filming in their area too, and the stars responded patiently to the drawbacks of shooting in a built up area.
A source told Metro.co.uk: ‘Neighbours and passersby were very welcoming and excited to see these two stars working the whole day on the their block in south Brooklyn.
‘There was a cacophony of city noises for the sound department to contend with though, between the airport traffic overhead, construction projects down the street, church bells at noon and even a roaring Harley Davidson that set off a car alarm! However, Jason – who was directing as well as acting – rolled with it, pausing or re-starting many takes.’
Black Rabbit is teased as focusing on some serious sibling drama as the owner of a New York City hotspot allows his chaotic brother back in his life, opening the door to escalating dangers that threaten to bring down everything he’s built.
Bateman is also directing the first two episodes, having started that branch of his career as far back as 1989, with three episodes of Valerie.
He also directed an episode of Two of a Kind, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen’s TV show back in the late 1990s, as well as for Ozark, The Outsider and Arrested Development.
Arrested Development hit headlines again this week after it bizarrely managed to predict that testicles would accidentally be aired on the news 20 years before it happened.
RCG Media in Mexico made the almighty blunder last week when it aired what it thought was footage from the solar eclipse but was in reality a prankster’s genitalia.
A similar incident happened on a 2004 episode of Arrested Development titled Sad Sack during which news stations broadcast a picture of Tobias Fünke’s (David Cross) testicles.
'This iconic sculpting gel is my go-to primer for a plump yet defined appearance'
Nail the Western style come festival season with this Free People-inspired jacket
'Extremely good' Morrisons wines under £13 you need to try this summer
‘Like sleeping on a cloud’ hail shoppers as £12 mattress protector scores glowing reviews
Testing the Uniqlo Round Mini Shoulder Bag – how much can it really hold?
They had mistakenly believed the picture – taken by Tobias while he was in the bath – was of the Iraqi landscape and therefore proof that his family’s firm, the Bluth Company, had been constructing homes in the country.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Leonardo DiCaprio being cast as Frank Sinatra has film fans disgusted
Arrow
MORE: Justin Bieber looks poised for a topple with his insane trousers
Arrow
MORE: Zack Snyder ‘doesn’t get the overreaction’ to his ‘weirdo’ films
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Sign up and tell us which TV shows you love to watch to get personalised updates every morning.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy