By MARTHA WILLIAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:01, 14 May 2024   |  Updated:  22:19, 14 May 2024   
 16
View  comments
Los Angeles's infamously expensive grocery store chain Erewhon is going to war with the city to prevent the construction of an apartment building next door. 
Erewhon, which has 10 locations all in Los Angeles, opened the first location in the Valley located at the Sportsmen's Lodge in Studio City in 2021.
However, the upscale supermarket is now stuck in an ongoing fight with the city of Los Angeles to halt plans to demolish the Sportsmen's Lodge hotel - which would be replaced by a brand new 520-unit development. 
The luxury food store has joined forces with residents, union officials and others in opposition to the building plans that are set to knock down the locally-loved hotel. 
Plans for the new building escalated last month when the City Council voted 13 to 1 to deny and appeal for the project - which was filed by Erewhon's owners, Josephine and Anthony Antoci, and others. 
Los Angeles's infamously expensive grocery store chain Erewhon is going to war with the city to prevent the construction of an apartment building next door
The upscale supermarket is now stuck in an ongoing fight with the city of Los Angeles to halt plans to demolish the Sportsmen's Lodge hotel - which would be replaced by a brand new 520-unit development (plans for the development are pictured here)
Pictured: rendering of the proposed residential building that would replace the historic hotel if plans go ahead 
Midwood Investment & Development now have the go-ahead to demolish the aged hotel.
The Shops at Sportsmen's Lodge, an outdoor mall where Erewhon is the main tenant surrounded by restaurants and an Equinox gym, was also built by Midwood - making the development company Erewhon's landlord. 
When the mall was built in 2021, it replaced a banquet facility that was used by the community for events like weddings or bar mitzvahs. 
Residents protesting the pending demolition argue that the hotel has historical significance - it was one of the first to unionize in the San Fernando Valley.
Others were concerned about the new project - which is set to be 97-feet-tall and will bring noisy construction and have a negative impact on the environment, The LA Times reported. 
After initial appeals were rejected - Erewhon's parent company filed a lawsuit last week in Superior Court that demanded the project approvals be rescinded because the city 'failed to comply' with the California Environment Quality Act - along with other local and state laws. 
The violation was due to the city forgoing an exhaustive Environment Impact Report in favor of a less rigorous assessment, according to the lawsuit. 
Erewhon has been a staple in the trendy Studio City neighborhood since the location popped up in 2021.
The absurdly expensive grocery store has become somewhat of a tourist attraction in the city for visitors who want to see first-hand what makes the products worth the hefty price tags. 
Celebrities such as Hailey Bieber, Gisele Bündchen (pictured), Emma Chamberlain, Kourtney Kardashian and Tinx have all had collaborations with Erewhon's smoothie bar
The upscale supermarket is also a hotspot for celebrity sightings
Erewhon Market has 10 locations in Los Angeles that focus on locally sourced and organic food products suited to niche diets
Justin Bieber leaving an Erewhon with his wife Hailey Bieber, who collaborated with the supermarket chain on an $18 smoothie
Celebrities such as Hailey Bieber, Gisele Bündchen, Emma Chamberlain, Kourtney Kardashian and Tinx have all had collaborations with Erewhon's smoothie bar. 
Hailey Bieber's 'strawberry glaze skin smoothie' blew the minds of shoppers who could not fathom why a juice would cost $20. 
Winnie Harlow became the most recent celebrity to whip up a tasty shake for the organic grocery store chain Erewhon.
The smoothie is a steep $22 - but is packed with plenty of pricey superfoods. 'The smoothie is bursting with vibrant flavors and health-boosting ingredients,' read a press release.
'The nourishing smoothie features Vita Coco Coconut Milk as its creamy base, combined with the benefits of Vital Proteins Vanilla Collagen Peptides,' it was added.
'Infused with hero ingredient, Barcode Lemon Lime ($34.99), and a kick of Lime Juice, the smoothie also features nutrient-rich Sea Moss and a variety of tropical flavors including Mango and Pineapple. 
'Steen's Manuka Honey offers a hint of sweetness while Camu Camu, Pitaya Foods Pack + Glace, Coconut Cream, and KOS Luminous Spirulina ensure a delicious, refreshing beverage packed with endless nutrients and overall health benefits.'
A Los Angeles-based TikToker recently went shopping at Erewhon and found one of the most ridiculous products on the store's shelves. 
Kourtney Kardashian is pictured during a shopping trip to Erewhon in Calabasas
Brooklyn Beckham is spotted outside the Erewhon in Los Angeles, carrying an orange smoothie and two to-go meals
Kaia Gerber, Ashley Benson and Cara Delevingne are pictured among a group pushing carts full of Erewhon groceries along an LA sidewalk in March 2020
Lizzie Dushaj, a young influencer, decided to buy a $30 bag of special cocktail ice from the luxury grocery store to test if it really works
Lizzie Dushaj, a young influencer, bought a bag of special cocktail ice, from the store for a whopping $30. 
The ice balls have been 'crafted' by Penny Pound Ice and are described as 'an elegant solution to keeping your beverages chilled without diluting the flavor'. 
The upscale supermarket is also a hotspot for celebrity sightings - likely because they are some of the only people capable of spending $20 on a carton of milk or $26 for a bottle of water. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group