Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco originally toyed with teaming up when she was a teen starlet on Disney Channel. After over a decade of friendship, the two musicians got engaged.
The news came one year after Gomez and Blanco went public as a couple. Here's a detailed timeline of their relationship.
During the couple's first joint interview with Mel Ottenberg for Interview magazine, Gomez recalled her first encounter with Blanco as a teenager.
"It's actually very difficult to figure out," she said. "I was around 16, 17."
"Her mom set up a meeting between the two of us," Blanco added. "This is right when I became big and she wasn't a singer yet."
Blanco made a name for himself in 2008 by co-producing hits like Britney Spears' "Circus" and Katy Perry's "I Kissed a Girl." At the time, Gomez was signed to Disney's Hollywood Records as a result of her starring role on "Wizards of Waverly Place." She released three albums with the label under the name Selena Gomez & the Scene before breaking out as a solo artist with 2013's "Stars Dance."
"When she started putting out music, I was so into it," Blanco told Ottenberg. "I feel like she was the original sad girl."
"Everyone was like [beatboxes], and she was like, 'I just want to look good for you,'" he added, singing a lyric from Gomez's single "Good For You," released in 2015. "I was drawn to it."
When Ottenberg asked if the two remained "pals" in the years after they met, Blanco replied, "Mm-hmm." Gomez added, "The first time I remember meeting him, he was very endearing but goofy."
By the time Gomez released her second solo album in 2015, Blanco had built a reputation as a sought-after pop producer, helping to create mega-hits like Kesha's 2009 breakthrough "Tik Tok" and Katy Perry's beloved "Teenage Dream" in 2010.
Blanco earned production credits on two songs from Gomez's second solo album "Revival," the Charli XCX-written "Same Old Love" and "Kill Em With Kindness," which were both released as singles.
Gomez and Blanco are also credited as cowriters on "Kill Em With Kindness," which she has described as "lyrically my favorite song" from "Revival."
At the time of the album's release, Gomez was still heavily associated with her on-and-off boyfriend Justin Bieber, though she was actively trying to change that narrative.
A post shared by benny blanco (@itsbennyblanco)
Blanco began making his own music in 2018. The following year, he released "I Can't Get Enough" as a stand-alone single.
The song features Gomez, who sings the lead vocal in English, and J Balvin, who sings his verse in Spanish. It was coproduced by Tainy. All four artists appear together in the music video.
Blanco promoted the song on Instagram, sharing several photos of himself cuddling with Gomez on set.
"Benny has a cool way of bringing people together, even in the weirdest ways," Gomez said in behind-the-scenes footage from the video shoot.
Blanco started working with Bieber in 2009 and told Variety the two musicians were like "brothers." The pair worked together on hits like "Eenie Meenie," "Love Yourself," and "Cold Water."
In a 2020 interview with Zach Sang, Blanco discussed his close friendship with Bieber after he cowrote and coproduced "Lonely," the second single from Bieber's sixth album, "Justice."
"Justin's not one of those cookie-cutter pop artists," Blanco said. "Like you know, they're like, 'This is my new single and here's my makeup line.' And he's like, Justin's like, 'Yo. I have a pimple and I have anxiety today.' He's always been upfront about that stuff."
Gomez had unveiled her own makeup line, Rare Beauty, earlier that year. Fans were quick to interpret the comment as a thinly veiled insult.
At the time, representatives for Blanco did not respond to Business Insider's request for comment, nor did he publicly address the backlash.
Gomez and Blanco teamed up again for "Single Soon," released as a standalone song.
In the music video, Gomez pays homage to Carrie Bradshaw and celebrates a boyfriend-free lifestyle.
Earlier that summer, Gomez posted a TikTok confirming her single status for a group of soccer players. "I'm single! I'm just a little high maintenance," the singer said in the video.
During their chat with Interview magazine, Gomez said she realized she had feelings for Blanco when they were back in the studio together.
"We just talked; that's how easy it was for me," Gomez told Ottenberg. "I liked him before he liked me."
Blanco said he had "no idea" how Gomez felt, even when they went on their first date.
"We were in the session and I was like, 'You should meet some of my friends. I can hook you up with some dates,'" he recalled. "I hadn't thought about it at all. And then we were texting afterwards and we decided to get dinner the next day."
"I guess she thought it was a date and I had no idea it was a date," Blanco continued. "The second time we hung out, our second date, I was like, 'Wait, does she like me?' I was clueless. From then on, it was easy. You know when you think you met the right person, you're like, 'Oh my god.' But it feels so different. The second we started hanging out, I was like, 'This is my wife.' I was telling my mom, 'This is the girl I'm going to marry.'"
In late 2023, fans began to speculate that Gomez and Blanco were dating.
Gomez confirmed her romance with Blanco in her Instagram story on December 7, 2023. She shared a photo of the couple cuddling and a photo of herself wearing the letter "B" on her left ring finger.
When fan accounts picked up the news, some reacted with disappointment or concern — mostly due to Blanco's perceived insult from 2020, as well as his enduring friendship with Bieber, whom Gomez accused of emotional abuse.
Gomez replied to several negative comments on Instagram, defending Blanco and describing him as "the best thing that's ever happened to me." Although it's unclear when their relationship turned romantic, Gomez implied they'd been dating for six months.
She also addressed a critic who alluded to Blanco's "cookie-cutter" comment, saying Blanco is "still better than anyone I've ever been with."
Throughout the month, Gomez continued to post photos with Blanco on Instagram. She shared another black-and-white shot of the couple cuddling on December 12, 2023, and a photo of him kissing her cheek on December 30, 2023.
Blanco even made it onto Gomez's Instagram grid that month; he appears twice in a slideshow she posted with the caption, "New York, my favorite moments w you this week."
Blanco and Gomez sat courtside at Crypto.com Arena to watch the Los Angeles Lakers take on the Miami Heat.
That same day, Blanco shared two snaps of Gomez in his Instagram story.
"She seems to be really feeling herself at the moment," a source close to Gomez told People. "Maybe that's Benny or maybe that's just where she's at personally and professionally."
"Everyone is so happy that she's happy," the source added.
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Gomez attended the 2024 Golden Globes as a nominee; she earned a nod for best performance by a female actor in a TV series, musical or comedy, for "Only Murders in the Building."
Although they didn't walk the red carpet together, Gomez and Blanco weren't shy about PDA inside the event.
Gomez shared several photos with Blanco from the event on Instagram.
Gomez posted in her Instagram feed celebrating Blanco's 36th birthday, sharing a roundup of pictures with the caption: "Happy birthday baby! Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me. I love you @itsbennyblanco."
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Appearing on an episode of SiriusXM's "The Howard Stern Show," Blanco said he didn't realize his relationship with Gomez had turned romantic during their first date.
"She was like, 'Hey, you want to hang out,' and I was like, 'Yeah,' we go and we hang out," he said. "I remember sitting there, and she's like, 'Well, I would have worn something different for this date, and I was like, 'What? We're on a date?'"
Blanco said they continued hanging out and described Gomez as his "best friend."
In the interview, Blanco said he wanted to marry Gomez but hadn't planned anything yet. He also said his next goal was to have children.
A post shared by benny blanco (@itsbennyblanco)
In the Instagram post, Blanco reshared the photo from the music video of his 2019 song "I Can't Get Enough" and shared a new photo of Gomez holding a white teddy bear.
"I used to play a teddy bear in ur music video and now i get to b urs in real life… happy bday bb ! i love u!" he captioned the post aluding to the music video for their collaboration back in 2019.
Gomez commented on the post: "I love you 🧸."
During Gomez's Vanity Fair cover interview in September 2024, she was asked about Blanco's wishes to get married.
"He can't lie. After the interview, I was dying laughing. Like, 'Anything else you wanted to put out there?'" She said, adding later that neither she nor Blanco are in a rush to get married.
Later in the interview, Gomez said she plans to start a family by 35 but that she can't carry a child and would want to adopt.
"I haven't ever said this, but I unfortunately can't carry my own children," Gomez said. "I have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby's in jeopardy. That was something I had to grieve for a while."
She added she's "in a much better place" about the situation."At the end of the day, I don't care. It'll be mine. It'll be my baby," she said.
When asked about why she has been very public about her relationship with Blanco, Gomez told The Hollywood Reporter: "I guess this is the safest I've ever felt in one, and I see a future with this person. And when you put a little bit out there, people are not as hungry to hunt you down."
Gomez was asked about Blanco again during an interview with CBS Sunday on November 30, but this time about her thoughts on Blanco's inclusion in 2024's People's Sexiest Man Alive issue.
"That's my man," Gomez said.
"I'm really, really lucky." Selena Gomez opened up about her relationship with Benny Blanco, calling him her best friend, biggest supporter and now one of People's "Sexiest Men Alive." https://t.co/uBGatfUbGS pic.twitter.com/vD2ax2hJKY
Gomez announced that she and Blanco are engaged on Instagram on Wednesday evening. She marked the engagement with a slideshow of pictures showing the ring and captioned the post: "Forever begins now…"
A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez)
Blanco commented: "hey wait… that's my wife."
Fellow stars congratulated Gomez on the post, including Gomez's close friend Taylor Swift, who wrote, "Yes I will be the flower girl."
When asked how Blanco proposed, Gomez told Ottenberg, "That I want to save for our kids. It was really sweet and the right things were said."
Blanco added, "It was the sickest surprise that she had no idea about."
Gomez and Blanco announced their new album, "I Said I Love You First," on February 13, 2025. In her Instagram caption, Gomez said she made the album with her "best friend."
The following day, they released the first single, "Scared of Loving You," a sparse guitar ballad cowritten by Gomez, Finneas O'Connell, and Benjamin Levin. It was coproduced by Blanco and O'Connell.
"I'm not scared of loving you / I'm just scared of losing you," Gomez sings in the chorus. "I'm not scared of anyone or dying young / Or if you're gonna find somebody new / 'Cause how could they love you / As much as I do?"
Referring to the album title, Blanco clarified to Interview magazine: "She said it."
"The thing that Selena does that not a lot of artists do is she's never afraid to tell the truth, even if it might not be the most popular thing," he added.
"Sometimes she's sad, sometimes she hasn't figured out love, but she always says it in the realest way that so many people can connect with. So many pop stars are unattainable, but somehow she's the largest person in the room and makes each person feel like she's exactly like them."
Gomez and Blanco are credited as joint performers on all 14 tracks on "I Said I Love You First." Gomez serves as the lead vocalist, while Blanco is credited as the album's lead producer.
The third single, "Sunset Blvd," was directly inspired by the couple's first date. Other tracks like "Cowboy" and "Bluest Flame" explore themes of lust and obsession.
"That's the most intimate I've ever been in a studio," Gomez told Rolling Stone. "We did everything from home, and we created it with people that we love."
Jump to