ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JULY 12: Justin Bieber visits the Wonderbrett dispensary on July 12, 2021 ... More in Los Angeles, California. Justin Bieber's "Sorry" debuted on a Billboard chart last week, and now it's climbed to a new all-time peak, nearly a decade after it was first released. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images)
Justin Bieber has produced some of the biggest pop singles of all time throughout his years as a superstar. A few of his smashes shine especially bright amidst a discography filled with hits, as they are bigger, more memorable, and they’ve stood the test of time—something that’s not always a given when it comes to pop music.
One of those songs, “Sorry,” is enjoying something of a resurgence. The track recently debuted on an important Billboard chart, and now it’s risen again.
“Sorry” jumps from No. 188 to No. 175 on the Billboard Global Excl. US this week. The single debuted on the tally last frame, and now it’s reached a new all-time peak on the roster, which tracks the most-consumed songs in the world, with all listening data from America removed.
Despite that gain, “Sorry” still remains Bieber’s lowest-peaking single on the Billboard Global Excl. US. The Grammy-winning artist has sent 32 songs to the tally throughout the several years that Billboard has been publishing the list, and none have stalled so far down as his newest hit.
“Sorry” is one of three songs by Bieber that appear on the Billboard Global Excl. US this week. It does manage to outpace “Love Yourself,” which also climbs, though it still sits 10 spaces further down on the ranking than his latest smash. “Stay,” his collaboration with The Kid Laroi, slips slightly, dipping from No. 101 to No. 108.
While his only current charting tracks are living in the lower half of the 200-spot Billboard Global Excl. US at the moment, Bieber has actually been hugely successful on the roster. He’s scored a pair of No. 1s, with both “Stay” and “Peaches,” which credits both Daniel Caesar and Giveon as featured stars. Bieber has gathered seven total top 10s.
“Sorry” arrived in late 2015, as the singer was ramping up promotion of his then-forthcoming album Purpose. The Skrillex-produced track serves as the second official cut, following “What Do You Mean,” which became Bieber’s first Hot 100 No. 1. “Sorry” followed closely behind, and then the Canadian talent earned a third winner from the same collection, as the Ed Sheeran co-penned “Love Yourself” also hit No. 1 on the same chart a short while later.