Molly-Mae Hague has addressed the news that Hailey Bieber is pregnant, with her having been among the celebrities reacting following the announcement this week.
Hailey, 27, and her husband Justin Bieber, 30, announced in respective posts on Thursday that they are expecting a baby together. The couple shared the news on Instagram with a series of photos that showcased her baby bump.
Their posts prompted much reaction on the platform, including the couple having been met with support from other celebrities. Love Island winner Molly-Mae, 24, addressed the news in a post on her Instagram Story.
Molly-Mae, who is a parent herself to one-year-old Bambi with her fiancé Tommy Fury, 25, shared Hailey's post. Molly-Mae appeared to express excitement over the news. She wrote "OMG" beside a 'baby angel' emoji and a crying emoji.
Hailey's post announcing the pregnancy included footage of herself and Justin embracing each other in a field. The entrepreneur, who also showcased her bump in the video, was seen wearing a lace dress and a matching head scarf.
Whilst Brit Award winner Justin opted to wear a white shirt underneath a grey jacket for the occasion. His outfit also included a pair of jeans and the singer accessorised with a black baseball cap that he sported in the footage.
The video also shows Hailey reading from a piece of paper whilst stood in front of her husband. She's seen holding some flowers in the scene and another clip shows Hailey, who's been married to Justin since 2018, cradling her bump.
The post also includes several photos. One shows Justin bending down with what appears to be a camera as his wife poses in front of him. Another photo appeared to show the same scenario but from a different angle at the location.
The couple were seen kissing in another photo that was shared with their fans this week. Whilst one photo shows Justin and Hailey cosied up, with the former's hands seen on his wife's bump as he stood behind her for the photo.
Hailey's post has amassed more than 8 million likes on the platform since it was uploaded on Thursday. Justin shared a similar post on his account, which has itself been met with more than 11 million likes from his followers this week.
Molly-Mae isn't the only celebrity to have reacted to the news, with a host of others taking to the comments section of Hailey's post to address the announcement. And some celebrities expressed well wishes under Justin's post.
Sharing her thoughts, Gwyneth Paltrow commented: "This is beautiful news." Fellow actor Vanessa Hudgens wrote in response to Hailey's post: "Cutiesssss. Congratulations babe." Other celebrities who shared supportive messages included model Bella Hadid, singer Demi Lovato and actor Patrick Schwarzenegger.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube a nd Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.