Break down these 2010s hits — including the new champion of this summer.
The “song of the summer” concept has existed for decades. These universally appealing hits stick on the charts like glue and soundtrack dance floors throughout the season. To enthrone 2024’s top hit, it’s key to examine the songs that came before it — that way, one can understand what makes a song define a season. 
Starting off strong with a song that haunts middle school dances to this day, Silento’s “Watch Me (Whip / Nae Nae)” took the world by storm in 2015. Everyone was caught in its clutches, as whips and nae-naes took over screens around the globe. The last in a line of hit dance-along songs, Silento’s hit gained a permanent spot on every prom DJ’s setlist.
While it faced some fierce competitors, no rival reached quite the range of audiences as Justin Timberlake’s “CAN’T STOP THE FEELING!” Coming off the “Trolls” (2016) movie soundtrack, this song is a shot of technicolor adrenaline for seniors and toddlers alike. These four minutes of artificial summer were heard at everything from family pool days to pro-Clinton flash mobs. 
The last thing anybody expected from Justin Bieber was a Spanish language remix, yet there it was, topping the Billboard Hot 100 for 16 weeks. For those alive to witness its reign, the “Despacito (Remix)” occupies permanent brain space; its opening guitar plucks trigger a conditioned response, compelling listeners to sing its forever-engrained lyrics on command.
“God’s Plan” is a true-to-heart hype song that appealed to almost everyone as soon as it dropped, blasting from club speakers, car stereos and house parties for years to come. Composed of a consistent backtrack and recurring beat, its simplicity is no signifier of the energy this song brings to any room it fills. It became an instant classic that gets people jumping and moshing every time.
In 2019, country and trap were the perfect combination for near-universal appeal. Random elementary school students couldn’t stop dancing to “Old Town Road.” The song went 4x platinum in Austria. It was so unstoppable that the Grammy Awards gave Lil Nas X’s “7” EP, which featured two versions of “Old Town Road,” a nomination for “Album of the Year” — despite explicitly stating its EP status. 
The onset of the coronavirus pandemic made it tough for any song to catch on in summer 2020. But The Weeknd managed to pull through with a synth-heavy song that completed his meteoric rise to the top of music streaming charts. For most concerts that came after, from the Super Bowl to his “After Hours Til Dawn” stadium tour, this global hit closed out a setlist full of them. 
Another season affected by the pandemic’s resistance to hits, Dua Lipa’s remixed disco track with popular rapper DaBaby — which was released back in fall 2020 — still had the groove required to get the world back on its feet and dancing. Despite stiff competition from the likes of Doja Cat and rising star Olivia Rodrigo, Lipa and DaBaby held onto their grip on the Billboard and Spotify charts.
“As It Was” marked a new beginning for Harry Styles. It was an unconventional hit with melodic synth and chiming church bells that catapulted Styles to a whole new level of global recognition. Released that May, “Harry’s House” became the album of the summer, and as the leading single off the Grammys’  2023 Album of the Year, “As It Was” got people prancing all season long.
Well-established headliners like Bad Bunny and SZA all fell at the knees of 2023’s queen: Ice Spice. From “In Ha Mood” to her collaboration with Taylor Swift, she was inescapable. But her biggest track was her instantly replayable smash with PinkPantheress, pairing pop and rap — with a slight twist of heartbreak — in a track tailor-made to dominate the summer. 
It may not officially be summer yet, but it’s becoming clear that Sabrina Carpenter is about to own the season. After smash hits like “Nonsense” lifted her to an opener gig on Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour, her new track was released just in time for her Coachella set. “Espresso” is a danceable earworm with lyrics that have already stuck with the public — especially the instantly iconic “I’m working late / ’cause I’m a singer.” That line alone may have sealed Carpenter’s reign over this summer.
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: