LBC




                
                    Ali Miraj
                
                

12pm - 3pm


                        
                            World
                            



Ali Miraj is Leading Britain's Conversation

        Use the LBC app to listen to live radio for LBC & LBC News
    


            Listen
        

19 March 2024, 08:34
Grande and Gomez were married in a tiny private ceremony at her home in Montecito, California, on May 15 2021.

 Ariana Grande and Dalton Gomez are now divorced.


 A Los Angeles Superior Court judgment dissolving their marriage of nearly three years became official on Tuesday, six months after the 30-year-old pop star filed a petition to divorce the 28-year-old property broker.


 The two separated more than a year ago, according to court papers. They had a pre-nuptial agreement, have no children and no significant legal disputes in the split, allowing it to move quickly and cleanly through the court system.


 The terms of their settlement were agreed upon in October, so they had only to wait the required six months before a judge’s order could take effect.


 Under the agreement, Grande will make a one-off payment of 1.25 million dollars (£1m) to Gomez, give him half of the proceeds of the sale of their Los Angeles home, and will pay up to 25,000 dollars (£19,700) toward his legal fees.


 Like the vast majority of California divorces, Grande’s petition cited irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split.


 The couple began dating in January 2020, and lived together during the pandemic.


 They appeared together in the video for the Justin Bieber charity single Stuck With U in May of that year and announced their engagement in December.


 Grande and Gomez were married in a tiny private ceremony at her home in Montecito, California, on May 15 2021.


 Grande, the Florida-born singer and actor, released her seventh studio album, Eternal Sunshine, on March 8.


 She is playing the good witch Glinda alongside Cynthia Erivo’s Elphaba in the two-part film adaptation of the stage musical Wicked, scheduled for release in November.


        
            By Press Association
        
    
See more Latest World News
See more Latest News
See more World News
22 days ago
22 days ago
22 days ago
See more More Topics