The affair that brought down Carl Lentz was "not an isolated incident", the former Hillsong NYC pastor has admitted.
The 45 year old discussed his infidelity in a recent interview with ABC News' "Nightline". When pressed about how many affairs he had, Lentz declined to go into specifics, saying his wife Laura and their children had been through enough already. He said it was "more than one" and "more than what I got caught for". 
"But it definitely was not an isolated incident," he said. 
During the interview, Lentz admitted to being a recovering sex and prescription addict and said that in private his life was already starting to unravel 10 years ago, at the height of his fame and influence when he was hanging with the likes of Justin Bieber, who he famously baptized in a bathtub.
"[Do] I say [I'm a] recovering drug addict, recovering sex addict? Sure," he said.
He added later, "I was prescribed a drug that I used to help with ADHD most of my adult life. Towards the end of my time in New York I started to abuse it really badly."
Lentz said he would be "forever sad" about the pain and tears he caused his wife when he first told her he had been unfaithful. 
"Nobody deserves that," he said, welling up. 
Asked if he wanted to change, Lentz answered, "I'm changing."
Lentz was pastor of Hillsong NYC from 2010 until his firing for moral failures and leadership issues in November 2020. 
He said in the interview that "if my actions, if my leadership hurt [Hillsong NYC staff] in any way, I'd love to apologize for it," he said.
He also denied allegations of inappropriate touching by their former nanny, Leona Kimes. 
"With all that is within me, I say that account is wrong. It's not true," he told Pitts.
Last year Transformation Church in Tulsa, Oklahoma, led by Pastor Michael Todd, revealed he had joined the staff to help with "strategy". 
Now Lentz and wife Laura have launched a podcast called "Lights On" in which they talk about the scandal and the work they have put in to heal their family.
Liverpool player Cody Gakpo to be warned over Jesus message
German churches lost over a million followers last year, 'nones' now the largest group
Man charged over Easter church vandalism
Non-Crime Hate Incidents should be abolished
TD Jakes ushers in new era at The Potter’s House with leadership transition to daughter
'Unprecedented' research shows worldwide majority believes in God
Liverpool player Cody Gakpo to be warned over Jesus message
German cardinal calls on conclave to elect 'orthodox' pope
German churches lost over a million followers last year, 'nones' now the largest group
Lee Strobel says near-death experiences and miracles prove the supernatural in the Bible is 'not fakery' but real
After 28 years at the helm of Church Action on Poverty, Niall Cooper is stepping down from his role as director – marking the end of a remarkable chapter in Christian social justice and offering a moment for both reflection and gratitude.
Samuel Escobar Aguirre, a leading Peruvian theologian, missiologist and Bible scholar, has died at the age of 90.
Financial savings for Britain's broken healthcare system could pressure more vulnerable people into choosing assisted suicide if it were to be legalised.
Who wouldn’t want a faith that promises wealth, health, and success? But beneath its shiny surface, the prosperity gospel holds dangerous distortions of God’s character and the true essence of Christian faith.