Posted by Seth at Friday, November 8, 2024 at 8:46 AM
    
The Kid LAROI Dishes On Justin Bieber Friendship, Says He Checks In On Him Every Day The Kid LAROI recently opened up about his friendship with Justin Bieber, revealing that they first connected when Justin messaged him on Instagram.  The Australian artist shared that Justin has been his mentor, offering advice and support. The two collaborated on the song "Stay" in 2021 and have maintained a close relationship ever since.  The Kid LAROI emphasized the importance of accepting imperfection and not striving for perfection as a role model, citing Justin as a positive influence in his life.  “He’s the man and I would say I’ve totally leaned on him a lot,” he said. “He has the best advice, the best knowledge when it comes to that stuff. Even just everything he’s been through at such an extreme. What I go through is not even a 10th of what he had to go through. So, I think a lot of it is definitely having a big bro you can go to who’s already been through everything like times ten.” Source: Justjared.com

            REUTERS/Andrew Kelly. The Kid Laroi attends the MTV Video Music Awards in Elmont, New York, U.S., September 11, 2024.
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Everybody Loves Cake
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.
                                

                                    The 77th annual Albany Tulip Festival, presented by KeyBank will be held in the historic Washington Park, the 81-acre "crown jewel" of the City on Saturday May ...