Justin Bieber is reportedly struggling with his mental health as his once close friend Sean “Diddy” Combs faces criminal allegations of sexual assault, abuse, sex trafficking and more horrific claims.
“Justin is in a hard place mentally right now,” a source claimed to Us Weekly Wednesday.
“He has such a history with Diddy and the allegations against him have been hard to process.”
A separate insider alleged to the outlet that the “Peaches” singer, 30, is “completely disgusted” by Combs’ scandal, and that he has been “advised” to “stay as far away as possible” from all things related to it.
Page Six has reached out to his rep for comment but did not immediately hear back.
Bieber was recently seen in public appearing glum. The “Lonely” singer was photographed last Friday leaving celebrity hotspot Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles alone. 
He was snapped with a somber and pensive look on his face, as he sat behind his car’s steering wheel.
However, a third source told Us Weekly Wednesday that Bieber is more focused on the positive aspects of his life, like taking care of his newborn son, Jack, with wife Hailey Bieber.
“His happiness being a dad has outweighed his anxiety about Diddy,” the insider said before reiterating that the pop star wants “nothing to do” with Combs’ issues. 
“It’s in his past, and that’s where he wants to leave it,” the third source reportedly said.
Despite Bieber allegedly wanting to distance himself from Combs, his name has been brought up on numerous occasions due to his previous friendship with the “Last Night” rapper when he was just a teen.
In March, an old YouTube video about his “48 hours with Diddy” resurfaced online.
“Where we hanging out and what we doing, we can’t really disclose, but it’s definitely a 15-year-old’s dream,” Combs said of spending time with the then-teenaged pop star in the clip.
“We gonna go full buck full crazy,” the “Bad Boy for Life” rapper added at the time.
That same month, a second clip showing a once-again young Bieber visibly uncomfortable when Combs confronted him on why they don’t hang out “the way [they] used to” also resurfaced.
“You tried to get in contact with me throughout all my [partners] and what not — but you never got my number, so want my number?” the “Baby” singer responded during the awkward interaction.
Most recently, a third clip of Combs warning Bieber that he “knows better than to be talking about the things that he does with big brother Puff” while on “Jimmy Kimmel Live” in 2011 also raised eyebrows.
The embattled music mogul has been charged with sex trafficking, racketeering, fraud or coercion and transportation of a prostitute following a federal probe that included raids on his LA and Miami homes.
He has also been accused of sexually assaulting 25 minors, including a person who was 9 years old at the time.
In addition, there is a sex tape of Combs, 54, with a male celeb “more high profile” than him reportedly being shopped around.
A source told The Post last week that the unnamed star is “horrified” over the possibility of the footage being released, adding, “It feels like a betrayal and a violation, and it’s causing a lot of issues.”
“It brings up some really disturbing and bad memories,” the source continued. 
“He feels like he was victimized years ago and is now being victimized yet again. If this footage gets out, it will follow him for life. It will be on the internet forever.”
Combs has claimed he is innocent and has denied any wrongdoing. His mother, Janice Small Combs, recently called her son’s scandal a “public lynching.”
“My son is not the monster they have painted him to be, and he deserves the chance to tell his side,” she said in a statement over the weekend. “I can only pray that I am alive to see him speak his truth and be vindicated.”
Diddy is currently behind bars as he awaits his trial. He filed yet another appeal to be released from prison — despite numerous failed attempts — earlier this week.
Page Six has reached out to his reps for comment but did not immediately hear back.
If you or someone you know is affected by any of the issues raised in this story, call the Sexual Assault Hotline at 1-800-330-0226.
Advertisement