Selena Gomez looked happier than ever as she enjoyed a sweet kiss on the hand from her new boyfriend Benny Blanco.
The couple, who began dating last year, packed on the PDA as they sat courtside at the Lakers vs Heat game in Los Angeles on Wednesday. Clearly enjoying each other's company at the Crypto.com Arena, the two cuddled while watching the sporting game.
At one point Selena was seen leaning on Benny's shoulder, pausing the action to scroll through her phone while the two watched the event yesterday evening. The two looked lovingly into one another's eyes before holding hands, as seen in new photographs.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez cuddles up to boyfriend Benny Blanco as she shares snaps of their romantic date night
Selena looked effortlessly chic in a black and silver ensemble, accessorising her look with big hoop earrings and shimmering, heeled shoes. She kept her coat on throughout as she watched the game alongside her equally fashion-forward partner in hand.
Musician Benny stood out from the crowd wearing a bright, colourful floral-print jacket, completing his look with gleaming gold jewellery over his plain white t-shirt, white chino pants and matching white shoes as the pair matched each other's smart casual get-up.
It comes after the pop singer and Only Murders in the Building actress shared photos at an art exhibit with kaleidoscope mirrors on her Instagram story last month. Selena documented their adventure at the Luna Luna: Forgotten Fantasy fair in Los Angeles.
Selena is once again all-smiles in one of the photos while holding her phone to capture the moment, as Benny is holding her from behind. She also posted an off-guard photo of her new beau, who was looking at his reflection.
She confirmed her relationship with the music producer earlier last month. Selena has already been forced to defend her relationship against the haters since she first shared snaps with Benny. When the 31-year-old actress first shared snaps with Benny, some of her fans bashed the couple, claiming that it was a "marketing plan."
Underneath a PopFaction post on Instagram sharing the news of Selena's new boyfriend, Selena assured that she was happier than ever in her new relationship, she wrote: "He has treated me better than any human being on this planet." And in another added: "He’s still better than anyone I’ve ever been with. Facts.”
The haters have not stopped her from showing him off, though. She shared an adorable snap of her and Benny locking lips in New York last month. They looked in love as Selena was seen lying on the producer's lap as she pulled him in closer for a kiss.
Before their relationship, Selena and Benny worked together for many years as he helped her create some of her greatest hits, including Same Old Love, Kill 'Em With Kindness, and Trust Nobody. Selena hinted at having a crush on someone when filming her Selena + Chefs holiday special. On November 26, a source also told Entertainment Tonight that she was single but casually dating and doing well.
Selena dated pop singer Justin Bieber for eight years in an on-and-off relationship before parting ways in 2018. Justin worked with Benny in 2021, and they have performed together on stage. Benny also produced Justin's hit song, Love Yourself.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.