A "ditzy, bubbly and funny" Hertfordshire native is set to shake things up in the Love Island villa when she enters the hit ITV show tonight (June 14).


  Twenty-five-year-old Tiffany Leighton admits she is unashamedly picky when it comes to men.


  She said: "Everyone I seem to go for is a walking red flag".


  When asked what's she's looking for in a partner, she said: "Loyalty, they have to be funny, and I like a man who can keep me on my toes."


  Her dream Islanders would be Justin Bieber, Zac Efron and Michele Morrone, because in her words, "they're all sexy."


  Tiffany works as a HR co-ordinator in Royston, but is swapping Hertfordshire for sunny Spain as one of three new arrivals in the famous villa.


  She will be seen entering the villa tonight - along with 23-year-old Will Anderson and 25-year-old Grace Jackson, the ex partner of Joey Essex - with the new trio are set to shake things up as the series approaches the midway point.


  Love Island airs tonight at 9pm on ITV2 and ITVX.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.