Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
As The Bachelorette approaches its 21st season, the question “Will you accept this rose?” feels a bit tired, doesn’t it? Perhaps to keep things fresh, the wired question contestants should be asking lead Jenn Tran on Night 1 is, “Will you accept this red flag?”
Now, I know what you’re thinking. The Bachelorette doesn’t premiere until July 8, how do these guys have red flags already? Well, ABC recently released the names, ages, bios, and headshots of the 25 men who are set to compete for Tran’s love, and we at Decider sifted through each of them to identify the icks, the awws, and everything in between.
Below, you’ll find each contestant’s red flags, green flags, and beige flags, along with our reasoning for each assignment. As a reminder, red flags represent warning signs or potential dealbreakers in relationships. Green flags are positive or healthy traits, signs, or behaviors in a person. And a beige flag is “neither a dealbreaker or a dealmaker,” per The Cut. The reveal may give you pause or cause question, but ultimately it’s harmless, doesn’t change your feelings about the person, and the relationship carries on.
From beige flags including a Christmas obsession and an intense love of ice skating to green flags like a love of dogs and an affinity for rewatching popular TV shows like New Girl, there’s a lot of fun and endearing facts to be found in the Bachelorette Season 21 bios. But from mullets and pranksters to a man who dropped serious dollars on a dating coach and another who’s looking for “the Rachel to his Ross,” there are some clear red flags as well.
Before we dive in, consider this your official reminder that everyone’s flag will differ. What Decider’s writers see as a red flag may be giving green in your opinion, and vice versa! Plus, some of these bios were so squeaky clean that we had to reach a bit for those red flags…but if we’re being real, the absence of a red flag should also be a red flag, right? No one’s perfect. Not even The Bachelorette Season 21 boys!
Without further ado, behold the carefully selected red, green, and beige flags of Jenn Tran’s Bachelorette suitors.
Hometown: Tulsa, Oklahoma
Occupation: Aerospace Engineer
Red Flag: Once rocked a middle part, also has 10 siblings. The middle part mishap shows potentially concerning style taste. On the bright side, he seems to have grown out of it! And marrying a dude with 10 siblings might be extremely fun! But there’s no denying it will also carry a unique level of chaos you have to be ready for…
Beige Flag: He’s twin brothers with Noah Erb. He’s also athletic and likes playing volleyball, golf, and pickleball. Some people who watched Noah’s Bachelorette season may see this his brother involved with the franchise as a red flag, but Noah and his fiancé Abigail Heringer are wholesome AF on Instagram, so I’d like to imagine the inspiration behind Aaron’s Bachelorette application is simply that he wants the type of relationship his twin bro has. If so, that’s big green flag energy. Red and green cancel each other out here, so, we’re compromising with a beige flag. And as far as the sports go, good for him, but can’t relate!
Green Flag: Aerospace engineer, allegedly emotionally available. Hooray, space! Hooray emotional availability and self-awareness!
Hometown: San Diego, California
Occupation: Sales Executive
Red Flag: Has a mullet. (Sorry, sir.) “Would love to be Justin Bieber … just for a day.” And is constantly thinking ahead… This man sounds sweet enough based on his bio, but he’s looking for a woman “who will appreciate and accept his mullet” and sadly I’m not sure that’s me. As far as his Bieber dreams go…I need more info, but my first thought is red flag. And Austin’s bio also notes that he’s always looking to the future…so does that mean he struggles to live in the moment?
Beige Flag: Austin doesn’t go anywhere without his retainers. What we’re not about to do is knock a man for being proactive about his dental care. If you get Austin, you get his retainers, too. This is simply a fact.
Green Flag: Calls his mom. While some people may think guys loving their moms enough to call them on a regular basis is a red flag, I disagree. People should call their moms more! That’s Respect.
Hometown: Vancouver, British Columbia
Occupation: Real Estate Broker
Red Flag: Is obsessed with skydiving. Always picks dare over truth. OKAY, daredevil!
Beige Flag: His last girlfriend left him for his best friend. It’s not his fault! (That we know of…)
Green Flag: Has had multiple long-term relationships. Experience is good. Green!
Hometown: Manheim, Pennsylvania
Occupation: Health & Safety Manager
Red Flag: Brett can do the splits and will do them on command. This is a lot, but at the same time, slay!
Beige Flag: Brett has never left the United States but hopes to one day! Hopefully The Bachelorette makes his travel dreams come true!
Green Flag: Is a Health & Safety Manager. Has great energy. Described as “an authentic man with a sensitive soul.” Confident in dance abilities. Values a good sense of humor. Brett’s got green flags galore!!!
Hometown: Boynton Beach, Florida
Occupation: Aesthetics Consultant
Red Flag: He’s a proud Botox-loving Aesthetics Consultant. Nothing wrong with helping people feel like their most beautiful selves! But how important is physical appearance in his relationships and a romantic partner? Brian, I just want to talk!
Beige Flag: “Brian is terrified of sharks but wants to go scuba diving with them.” OKAY, sir!
Green Flag: “Brian is a big fan of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s relationship: confirmed Swiftie.” Good taste, Brian!
Hometown: Paradise Valley, Arizona
Occupation: Sommelier
Red Flag: “Dakota spontaneously drove to Mexico at 3 a.m. with just the clothes on his back.” WHY?
Beige Flag: “Has a tattoo on his rib that is a quote saying, ‘The biggest thing in today’s sorrow is the memory of yesterday’s joy.'” Tell us the tattoo story!
Green Flag: He’s a certified sommelier. Yes, there’s a chance this man is pretentious when it comes to wine, but I can’t in good conscience fail to celebrate one of the season’s most exciting occupations.  
Hometown: Houston, Texas
Occupation: Freight Company Owner
Red Flag: “Devin loves eating shrimp tacos despite being allergic to shrimp.” I mean, relatable, but seems like a big NO, sir. Don’t do that!
Beige Flag: “He admits he’s a bit loud and loves to talk.” We’ll have to meet him to see if it’s a dealbreaker big personality or a charming big personality.
Green Flag: Owns his own business. Has a dog named Charlie. “Devin’s mom is his hero.” Yes! Yes! Yes!
Hometown: Elk Grove, California
Occupation: Medical Student
Red Flag: Dylan hates avocados, has never stepped foot in a Trader Joe’s, and uh…wants to get married at 24. His first date with Jenn better be a trip to Trader Joe’s!
Beige Flag: “Dylan loves listening to Drake and attending Sacramento Kings games.” Depending on personal taste — music and sports-wise — these faves may give someone pause, but certainly they can be accepted.
Green Flag: “Is smart and empathetic, and plans on becoming a doctor one day.” Is also a big fan of wine-and-painting date nights. A smart, empathetic future doctor who loves wine and paint date nights? We’re listening!
Hometown: Houston, Texas
Occupation: Day Trader
Red Flag: “Grant wishes he could live in the year 3000 to see what technology is like.” Grant, we’re barely dealing with A.I. here. Plus, the Jonas Brothers already told us not much has changed — the people just live underwater. All you need to know is your great great great granddaughter is doing fine. DOIN FIIIIINE.
Beige Flag: “Grant plans to visit every country in his lifetime.” That’s a lot of countries, Grant.
Green Flag: Grant is a mama’s boy who loves poetry and reading. He’s also a former pro basketball player who likes going bowling and “singing his heart out at karaoke.” Oh yeah, and he’s “an avid salsa dancer.” Also, a great color sweater in that headshot! No notes here.
Hometown: Schaumberg, Illinois
Occupation: Medical Device Salesman
Red Flag: “Hakeem takes finding love so seriously that he spent over $5,000 on a dating coach.” On one hand, it’s nice to know he’s invested in finding the right person. On the other hand, $5,000 is A Lot of money and has he had so much coaching that we’re no longer getting the genuine Hakeem? Hmm…
Beige Flag: “Hakeem has gone on a picnic date in a cemetery — but he promises not to ghost!”  Well, we need to know more before we pass judgement. Perhaps this was a wholesome cemetery picnic, people!
Green Flag: “Loves listening to reggae music and rewatching The Lion King.” He can’t wait to introduce hJamaican food to his partner. He’s also “funny, outgoing and honest, and loves planning cheesy romantic dates for his partner.” Sounds good to us!
Hometown: New York, New York
Occupation: Startup Founder
Red Flag: “Jahaan is out of commission if he gets hangry.” Someone better feed this man before those Bachelorette “dinner” dates where they sit in front of the food.
Beige Flag: “If you challenge Jahaan to a game of chess, you’ll most likely lose.” I don’t know how to play chess, so that’s for damn sure!
Green Flag: The shirt he’s wearing in his Bachelorette headshot. (Just saying!) Also, he’s a startup founder who made Forbes 30 Under 30. Okay a well-dressed man who prioritized his career early on and is now (hopefully) prioritizing finding love? Sounds great.
Hometown: New York, New York
Occupation: Real Estate Investor
Red Flag: “Jeremy is happiest when he gets a full eight hours of sleep.” What happens…if he doesn’t?
Beige Flag: “Jeremy wants to live abroad someday.” This could be a dealbreaker or a dealmaker depending on the person.
Green Flag: He enjoys coming up with creative ideas for special date nights and is looking for great communication and a good sense of humor. We love to hear it!
Hometown: Delray Beach, Florida
Occupation: Medical Student
Red Flag: “One time John stayed awake for 36-plus hours playing Ping-Pong.” I’m no medical student, but this seems unhealthy.
Beige Flag: “John is literally obsessed with all things Christmas.” Again, it could be a a dealbreaker or a dealmaker depending on the person, but most people would likely just Accept It.
Green Flag: John is described as “a smart, athletic stud with a heart of gold” who enjoys “hosting a game night, going to the movies, or playing some basketball.” He proudly “lives a life of gratitude,” so he sounds fun, intelligent, and purposeful!
Hometown: Los Angeles, California
Occupation: Creative Director
Red Flag: Jonathon calls himself a “medium king.” Cringe.
Beige Flag: He loves checking out local escape rooms. Kind of a weird flex, but OKAY!
Green Flag: “He’s a self-proclaimed romantic who says, ‘I treat every girl the same way I would want to see my mother and sister treated.'” Ultimately, we stan Respect.
Hometown: Denver, Colorado
Occupation: Financial Analyst
Red Flag: “Loves living on the edge by going skydiving, bungee jumping and cliff diving.” There’s adventurous and then there’s regularly risking your life — that’s the one that stresses me out. 
Beige Flag: “Kevin has been skiing over 200 times.” That is now officially a thing that we know! 
Green Flag: This home-owner “loves being a huge foodie by trying new restaurants and cooking up delicious meals on the barbecue.” Owns a home, enjoys a dinner date, and can master the grill? Way to go, Kevin.
Hometown: Raleigh, North Carolina
Occupation: Army Ranger Veteran
Red Flag: “Marcus hopes to be an astronaut one day.” Follow your dreams, Marcus! But I personally need a man with both feet on the ground.
Beige Flag: Marcus went to Harvard. Harvard is a Heated Topic. IYKYK.
Green Flag: Marcus is “a real-life superhero.” In case that wasn’t compelling enough, he loves binge watching New Girl. You had us at New Girl, Marcus!
Hometown: Santa Monica, California
Occupation: Luxury Event Planner
Red Flag: Is looking for a wife who has “sugar, spice and everything nice.” That gives me the ick.
Beige Flag: “Marvin loves the luxurious things in life, like always being ‘GQ ready,’ but is also down to go camping and explore nature.” The phrase “GQ ready” is also giving ick, but does he balance it out by vowing to get dirt on him in nature? You decide!
Green Flag: Marvin is the CEO of his own luxury event planning company, loves his family, and “has a handsome smile to match.” He also speaks French fluently. Oui oui!
Hometown: Atlanta, Georgia
Occupation: Insurance Executive
Red Flag: Matt is ready to be “wifed-up” and “hopes to find a woman who is all Zen, no drama.” Ick ick ick.
Beige Flag: “He is passionate about his work in his family’s insurance business.” Insurance Nepo Baby <3
Green Flag: Matt loves going hiking, making music, and spending time with his beloved dog, Nina. Also, he meditates! We love some healthy hobbies and a good pup.
Hometown: Albany, New York
Occupation: Algebra Teacher
Red Flag: Is “a self-proclaimed certified lover boy” whose “ultimate date would be a trip to the moon.“ A self-proclaimed certified lover boy? Is that really for you to say, sir? And we know you’re supposed to shoot for the moon when it comes to love, but I’m not even sure the great Jesse Palmer can pull that date off.
Beige Flag: “He isn’t afraid to try freestyle rapping for his lady on a first date.” Alright, we can take it.
Green Flag: Moze has been in long-term relationships before and “is always willing to grow and improve when it comes to showing up for the person he loves.” He also played football professionally in the XFL and “can’t date you if you have a pet tarantula.” Not to mention, we’ve got ourselves another standout headshot shirt! It’s always reassuring to hear that someone has long-term relationship experience and finds tarantulas unsettling, isn’t it?
Hometown: Miami, Florida
Occupation: Pharmaceutical Representative
Red Flag: “Ricky never celebrates his birthday.” Unless there’s some deeper significance behind this decision, we can’t approve of birthday hate. 
Beige Flag: “Ricky’s ultimate date would be making breakfast together and watching the sunrise at the beach.” If you’re not a breakfast person, this may give you pause.
Green Flag: “Ricky learned English as a teen by writing poetry and watching rom-com movies.” He says he is “always working on himself” and “strives to become a better person every day.” Oh, and Ricky’s favorite author is Jodi Picoult. Precious all around.
Hometown: Myrtle Beach, South Carolina
Occupation: Contractor
Red Flag: Of all the shows on all the networks and streaming services, he gave Sons of Anarchy his Bachelorette bio shoutout. A Choice, especially with the tats and motorcycle.
Beige Flag: He was homeschooled growing up. To each their own!
Green Flag: Sam says his “ultimate dream” is to be a loving husband and father. Cheating is his ultimate deal-breaker. “His tattoos and muscles might look tough on the outside, but Sam M. swears he’s a total softie.” And in case you didn’t believe him, he recently officiated his sister’s wedding, which is softie behavior. Not so much Anarchy after all.
Hometown: Carlsbad, California
Occupation: Entrepreneur
Red Flag: “Sam N. is a huge prankster, and his favorite holiday is April Fools’ Day.” He also “loves getting his eyebrows threaded to keep them #OnFleek.” Yes, his bio really uses the hashtag. Ick. And sorry, I already fell for Jim Halpert. I don’t need a second prankster in my life.
Beige Flag: Sam need his family to approve of anyone he dates. On one hand, you should follow your own heart when it comes to love. On the other hand, I respect wanting your favorite people to enthusiastically sign off on your potential spouse.
Green Flag: “When he’s not working, Sam N. loves watching rom-coms and spending time with his BFF, aka his dog, Wagmi.” Loves rom-coms and has a dog? Good boys.
Hometown: Dallas, Texas
Occupation: Pet Portrait Entrepreneur
Red Flag: “This mama’s boy is ready to leave the nest” is certainly A Way To Start A Sentence in your Bachelorette bio.
Beige Flag: “Spencer recently hiked 47 miles through the Grand Canyon for 27 hours straight.” I’m exhausted just reading that, but for Spencer, who ran two ultramarathons in the last year, perhaps it’s just another day!
Green Flag: Described as “a glass-half-full kind of guy,” Spencer is a “Pet Portrait Entrepreneur” whose work is “centered on pets and inspired by his adorable dog, Roux.” He also loves rewatching The Office. Spencer generally sounds like a positive, dog-loving dude who doesn’t take himself too seriously, as emphasized by his love of The Office. Some of you may see the sheer mention of The Office in a bio as a red flag due to overuse and a signal of being Basic, but let the record show he didn’t say he was looking for the Pam to his Jim, and we gave props to our New Girl rewatcher, so this Dunder Mifflin fan gets a shoutout, too.
Hometown: Tucker, Georgia
Occupation: Retirement Adviser
Red Flag: Thomas went cliff diving in Italy. Again, happy for him but it couldn’t be me.
Beige Flag: “Thomas N. plans on traveling to every continent.” A dealbreaker or dealmaker depending on your love of travel.
Green Flag: When this former professional swimmer with “a heart of gold” isn’t working, he watching Guy’s Grocery Games on the Food Network. At least you know he has TV taste.
Hometown: Toronto, Ontario
Occupation: Physiotherapist
Red Flag: If you love rewatching Friends, that’s fine! We support it! But we draw the line at your official Bachelorette bio saying “Hoping Jenn can be the Rachel to his Ross!” Sorry, sir. These are simply the rules.
Beige Flag: “Tomas A. has gone ice skating thousands of times.” We need a moment to take it in, but we’ll be fine.
Green Flag: Described as having “the ultimate golden retriever energy,” Tomas is said to be “outgoing, lovable and a total catch.” Cute!

This story has been shared 1,479 times.
1,479


This story has been shared 1,031 times.
1,031


This story has been shared 342 times.
342


This story has been shared 279 times.
279


This story has been shared 270 times.
270


This story has been shared 255 times.
255


This story has been shared 253 times.
253


This story has been shared 160 times.
160


This story has been shared 112 times.
112


This story has been shared 88 times.
88


This story has been shared 76 times.
76


This story has been shared 70 times.
70


This story has been shared 67 times.
67


This story has been shared 64 times.
64


This story has been shared 58 times.
58