At Hearst Networks EMEA, we share stories that matter. A global broadcaster since 1995, we reach audiences in over 100 countries, including the UK, Nordics, Benelux, Central & Eastern Europe, Spain, Italy, Germany, Africa and the Middle East. Our stories are global and local, linear and digital, and always compelling.
Personalities shine at Hearst Networks EMEA. Our culture embraces individuals, in all their daring, passionate, ambitious glory. Our people are our strength, and our differences are celebrated. We challenge each other, collaborate and come together, just as a family does; winning as a team and celebrating as one too. Everyone has a voice and should feel proud and free to run with their ideas, enjoying their successes and journey with us. And in such an evolving industry, tomorrow is always today. We anticipate change, identify future opportunities and are excited by the potential that tomorrow brings.
We want to be famous for creating and sharing stories that matter – unique, trusted, entertaining, everywhere. Whether our stories challenge and inspire intellectually or simply entertain, we know that we are making a positive contribution to our audiences across the many diverse regions and countries in the UK, Europe, The Middle East and Africa. Striving to always do so requires passion. And it’s with just as much passion that we strive to gain new audiences with our creativity and by using innovative technology, by partnering with leading and emerging local platforms.
With our diverse line-up of original, high-quality programming, our distribution partners across EMEA recognise the benefits of offering Hearst Networks EMEA's distinctive, high quality brands on their platforms and services.  We understand the opportunity to grow engagement with new audiences of all ages and through new partnerships with Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, TikTok and Snapchat, along with our podcasts and on-demand SVOD services, we ensure our programming and unique stories reach audiences across the full demographic spectrum.
Join our global team of talent. At Hearst Networks EMEA you’ll find a team of innovative, creative and collaborative people who embrace change and want to continually try new things. With offices in London, Rome, Madrid, Warsaw, Munich and Johannesburg, we are a truly international company that celebrates difference and diversity. We offer a range of benefits such as a generous pension plan, life assurance and holiday allowance, and there are useful local perks in various offices, and summer Fridays across the whole company. But most of all, we will support you to develop and grow throughout your time with us. Learning is part of the journey at Hearst Networks EMEA and you’ll be offered personal and professional development opportunities throughout your career with us. We’ll do everything we can to see you thrive and grow.
22 April 2025

7 March 2025

5 March 2025

20 February 2025


  ©
  
Hearst Networks UK. All Rights
  Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
  Terms and Conditions.


  Hearst Networks EMEA is an amalgamation of Hearst Networks UK, Germany, Italy,
  Poland, Nordics, Benelux, Spain and Africa.