ByIan Westhead  
Ian Westhead  
Def Jam Recordings will cap 2024, its 40th anniversary year, with the first-ever music-focused FAST channel on Tubi. The channel will feature a wide breadth of content, from music videos to documentaries and live performances.
The Def Jam channel will be the culmination of a year of anniversary celebrations for the groundbreaking record label. It also marks the first time a major UMG label will program their own television channel directly for fans. It will feature long- and short-form content from all of the epic Def Jam artists over the decades, including global superstars such as Mariah Carey, John Legend and DMX, among others.
“FAST channels like these can give artists the ability to reach fans easily and build lasting relationships with audiences. We are excited to partner with such definitive industry leaders, Tubi and Def Jam, to bring this new channel to life,” – Dan Borrelli, Mercury’s SVP Digital Content & Partnerships
Fans in the UK will be able to watch The Def Jam 40 Channel on Samsung TV+.
Founded in 1984, Def Jam Recordings has represented the cutting-edge in hip-hop music for more than 40 years. Def Jam began as a maverick independent label inspired by downtown New York City’s vibrant street culture and the emerging sound of hip-hop, pioneered by iconic stars like LL Cool J, Slick Rick, the Beastie Boys and Public Enemy.
“As we progress in the FAST space of content, it only makes sense to have Def Jam, who continues to be at the forefront of the cultural conversation, spearhead the first-ever music partnership and branded channel with Tubi.” – Charlene Thomas, SVP Marketing & Special Projects, Def Jam Recordings. 
In addition to the FAST channel, new music focused AVOD offerings from Mercury Studios will provide Tubi fans the ability to deep dive into their favorite Def Jam moments and artists’ content.
Def Jam established its dominance with superstar acts like Jay-Z, DMX, Ja Rule, Method Man & Redman, Ludacris, Rihanna, Jeezy, and the inimitable Kanye West. Now in its fourth decade, Def Jam’s music and lifestyle has grown into a global brand–synonymous with creativity, quality and authenticity–encompassing a diverse roster of marquee and emerging stars that includes Justin Bieber, Alessia Cara, Pusha T, Teyana Taylor, Big Sean, 2 Chainz, and Jhene Aiko, among others.
“Over the last 40 years, Def Jam has consistently led the charge in pioneering new ways for our artists to express their creativity and connect with fans,” said Tunji Balogun, Def Jam Recordings Chairman & CEO. “As we continue to evolve in the music landscape, we are excited to partner with Tubi in an effort to reach new audiences by embracing dynamic, innovative platforms.” 
This week Penelope Teeth bites into the soap suds…
Alexis Sakellaris performs at Riverside Studios from May 10th…
Festival2Funky returns for its 12th year…
Sheffield DocFest announces the World Premiere of Kim Hopkins’ Still Pushing Pineapples to open this year’s festival on 18...
The next in the series of ATV Icons to celebrate 70 years of ITV is ‘Mr...
Copyright © ATV Network Limited / ATV Today UK