Post Malone performs 'America the Beautiful' prior to Super Bowl LVIII between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers at Allegiant Stadium on February 11, 2024 in Las Vegas, NV. (Photo by Perry Knotts/Getty Images)Getty Images
Post Malone’s sold-out homecoming concert is the most expensive in Syracuse amphitheater history, and fans can still get tickets if they’re willing to pay up.
The “I Had Some Help” singer will perform at the Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview on Saturday, Sept. 14. No opening act has been named for the concert, which will begin at 8 p.m.
Tickets went on sale Monday morning and were gone quickly. The lawn and pit are both completely sold out, and less than 10 standard (non-Platinum) pavilion seats are still available through Live Nation, ranging in price from $402.60 to $1,123.20.
But you can still get tickets through Live Nation’s Verified Fan Resale program or through resellers like VividSeats, StubHub, TicketNetwork or SeatGeek. Some are listed as high as $5,563 (including fees) due to high demand.
Here are the cheapest tickets available as of 8 a.m. Tuesday:
Note: Prices and availability are subject to change. Outside lawn chairs will not be allowed for the concert.
Post Malone tickets are more expensive than any previous concert at the Syracuse amphitheater, including Shania Twain’s sold-out performance in 2023. Six years ago, Luke Bryan was the first artist to price all pavilion seats at $100 or more for the venue; his $39 lawn seats were considered pricey at the time. By comparison, Malone’s lawn tickets sold for $90, and everything under the pavilion cost hundreds of dollars more.
Then again, this will be Malone’s first Central New York concert since a 2015 performance at Syracuse University when he was an up-and-coming rapper best known for the breakout single, “White Iverson.”
Posty is now an internationally famous singer and rapper known for No. 1 hits like “Circles,” “Rockstar,” “Psycho,” and “Sunflower,” plus collaborations with big names like Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber, Tiesto, Lil Wayne, Noah Kahan, DJ Khaled, and Ozzy Osbourne. He’s also planning to release his first country album, featuring songs with Morgan Wallen and Blake Shelton, and said the Syracuse concert will emphasize his new sound.
“I love y’all so very much and I’m so excited to get out and play new music for you,” he said in a statement.
Malone was born Austin Richard Post on July 4, 1995, in Syracuse, N.Y. He lived in Central New York until he was 10, when his family moved to Texas because his father was offered a job working for the Dallas Cowboys. He currently lives in Utah, but his family still owns a home in Baldwinsville.
The singer’s father, Rich Post, told syracuse.com that he worked as a disc jockey for CNY weddings with Whirlin’ Disc DJs, constantly playing popular tunes in a wide variety of genres, including country, grunge, modern hip-hop and classic rock. That influence is apparent in Post Malone’s music, which has ranged from rap songs like “Congratulations” and “Better Now” to more pop (”Fortnight” with Taylor Swift, “I Like You (A Happier Song)” with Doja Cat) and country/folk music (including early covers of Bob Dylan and Hank Williams).
Malone’s career has brought him to the Super Bowl, the Grammys, the MTV Video Music Awards, “Saturday Night Live,” NPR’s “Tiny Desk Concert,” and multiple major festivals. He also launched a new outdoor stage in New York City’s Times Square, appeared in movies like “Road House,” helped launch a professional beer pong league and has his own lines of rosé wine (Maison No. 9), clothing (Trading Post Apparel), and Crocs.
Post Malone is also scheduled to perform Sept. 23 at the Broadview Stage at SPAC (Saratoga Performing Arts Center) in Saratoga Springs as part of his new “F-1 Trillion” tour, dubbed “a collection of country songs” performed with The Fools For You. SPAC is a larger venue than the 17,500-capacity Empower FCU Amphitheater, so more tickets are still available for Saratoga Springs through Live Nation starting at $111.25.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices