Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Usher's Super Bowl halftime show has not received the rave reviews that might be expected, but viewers are rather divided on what was to blame. 
 With the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Fransisco 49ers taking a break, Usher took to the stage for his highly-anticipated half-time show where he was joined by Alicia Keys and Ludcaris in what fans had hoped would be a show-stopping performance. 
 However, early in the performance, fans took to X, formerly Twitter, to complain Usher's voice was rather "shaky" with some blaming the microphone for this.
One wrote: "I'm sorry but usher sounds so bad and the mic needed to be taped to him too because his voice is going in and out."
"Someone needs to turn up Usher’s microphone lmao," argued another, while a third penned: "Did no one think to have Usher do a trial run with that awful microphone before the production?"
However, there were a few who criticised the singer's voice too, as one argued: "Whoever decided that this microphone for usher was the microphone to use should be fired. It's so bad on multiple levels. Also his voice is s****y right now he is not on point."
While a second wrote: "Usher sounds like he needs voice lessons. It’s making my ears hurt."
Other fans were left upset when Justin Bieber didn't join Usher on stage as they'd been led to believe, despite being in attendance at the Super Bowl.
One fan posted: "justin bieber didn't join usher on the superbowl stage... i need a cigarette." Another shared a meme saying: "I've had enough of this dude," expressing their frustration at the no-show.
Usher was Justin's mentor at the start of his career, and the pair have since worked together on a number of hits including Somebody to Love (Remix), Peaches (Remix) and First Dance.
Speaking ahead of the performance, Usher had shared his excitement at performing at the highly-anticipated sporting event.
He said: "It feels amazing. I’m putting my album out, actually, on the ninth so this is just really a testament to dedication.
"I don’t have this moment by myself. All my fans that I bring with me, each and every person that had anything to do with the music, the creativity, everybody is a part of this celebratory moment.
"But what I feel is this is just the beginning, because I launched that album in 1994 as an independent artist and I will be, up until this day, the only independent artist that’s ever performed the Super Bowl halftime show. This is the beginning, this is a new beginning for me."