Baby Bieber is finally here! 
Justin and Hailey Bieber shared the news of their first child's safe arrival via Instagram on Saturday, with Justin posting a seriously cute image of their baby’s foot with the caption “WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER.” 
Also included in the adorable photo is one of Hailey’s fingers, which showcases her new ‘mom mani,’ a simple yet classically chic French tip - perfect for new mothers and fashion lovers alike. 
Over the last few months (nine to be exact), Hailey has put pregnancy fashion on the map, constantly stepping out in a flurry of stylish looks, all of which accentuated her perfectly plump bump. 
MORE: Kylie Jenner just debuted a new nail trend and it's totally unexpected
RELATED: Hailey Bieber brings back the iridescent manicure
From her sleek red mini dress and white T-shirt and dungaree combo to her lacy white YSL pregnancy announcement ensemble, worn throughout the whole time cooking her first son Jack, Hailey proved that pregnant or not, her style game wasn’t going to take a back seat. 
As every It-girl knows, no outfit is complete without a freshly painted manicure and Hailey made sure to never miss a salon appointment with her go-to manicurist Zola Ganzorigt. 
 Just a few months ago, she shared a picture of herself sipping on a cup of tea, putting all emphasis on her intricately hand-painted blossom nails. A month or so before her blossom nail look, which had fans speculating whether or not her baby was going to be a girl, she made a case for glow-in-the-dark nails, sporting a bold neon hue to attend Coachella with her friends. 
Hailey's new mum mani is a simple yet elegant option which remains a popular style in the beauty world. Famed manicurist Julia Diogo formerly told H! Fashion that: "Luxe, sheeny finishes exude understated splendour," and that look is set to continue to dominate. All in all, it comes as no surprise that the new mother is always on trend, even days after giving birth. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.