In Blake Lively’s legal filing against Justin Baldoni and Wayfarer Studios, she said her and Ryan Reynolds’ four kids were “traumatized” by her It Ends With Us costar’s alleged smear campaign.
Blake Lively is detailing the ramifications Justin Baldoni’s alleged smear campaign had on her family. 
In documents the Gossip Girl alum filed with the California Civil Rights Department and obtained by E! News, she alleges that Baldoni sought out a smear campaign to ruin her reputation, which in turn “traumatized” her Ryan Reynolds’ children, James, 10, Inez, 8, Betty, 5, and Olin, born in 2023. 
“Worst of all, however, has been the impact on their young children, who have been traumatized,” one of the complaints in the 80-page filing—a precursor to a lawsuit—states, “and emotionally uprooted in ways that have substantially impacted their well-being.” 
Lively also argued in the filing that Baldoni, It Ends With Us producer Jamey Health, and their company Wayfarer Studios allegedly seeking out the assistance of public relations specialist Melissa Nathan to tarnish her reputation had emotional effects on herself and her husband of 12 years in addition to their children. 
“There are days when she has struggled to get out of bed, and she frequently chooses not to venture outside in public,” the filing also noted. “While she has fought to maintain her personal life and business interests, behind closed doors she has suffered from grief, fear, trauma, and extreme anxiety. She also has been experiencing repeated and painful physical symptoms as a result of this experience."
The complaint continued, “Mr. Reynolds, too, has been affected mentally, physically, and professionally by his wife and children’s pain.” 
Baldoni and Wayfarer Studios have denied the allegations, with their lawyer Bryan Freedman telling The New York Times in part, “These claims are completely false, outrageous and intentionally salacious with an intent to publicly hurt and rehash a narrative in the media.”
After Lively made her filing, she issued a statement explaining her reasoning for seeking legal action. 
“I hope that my legal action helps pull back the curtain on these sinister retaliatory tactics to harm people who speak up about misconduct,” she said in a statement to The New York Times, “and helps protect others who may be targeted.”
In the days since her filing was made, many people in Lively’s inner circle have spoken out in support of the Age of Adaline star—including Colleen Hoover, who wrote the source material for the film adaptation starring Lively and Baldoni. 
“You have been nothing but honest, kind, supportive and patient since the day we met,” Hoover said in a Dec. 21 Instagram Story. “Thank you for being exactly the human that you are. Never change. Never wilt.”
Keep reading for more stars who have championed Lively since she took legal action. 
Colleen Hoover
After Blake Lively filed a legal complaint against It Ends With Us costar and director Justin Baldoni, accusing him of sexual harassment on the film's set and for later taking part in a smear campaign against her—claims that he has since denied via his lawyer—Colleen Hoover, who wrote the book that the movie is based on, shared a message to the actress.
"@blakelively, you have been nothing but honest, kind, supportive and patient since the day we met," Colleen wrote on her Instagram Stories Dec. 21. "Thank you for being exactly the human that you are. Never change. Never wilt."
Robyn Lively
Blake's sister, fellow actress Robyn Lively, also weighed in.
"I urge everyone to read The NY Times article in its entirety," Robyn wrote on Instagram Dec. 23, referencing the NYT piece that details Blake's complaint filed with the California Civil Rights Department. "It calls out those behind the ruthless and nefarious smear campaign that aimed to take down my sister."
The Teen Witch star went on to note that it also "highlights" what Blake allegedly experienced on the set of It Ends With Us.
Paul Feig
Blake's A Simple Favor director also came to her defense, writing on X Dec. 22, "I’ve now made two movies with Blake and all I can say is she’s one of the most professional, creative, collaborative, talented and kind people I’ve ever worked with. She truly did not deserve any of this smear campaign against her. I think it’s awful she was put through this."
Amy Schumer
The comedian showed her support for the Gossip Girl alum, writing on her Instagram Story Dec. 22, "I believe Blake."
Gwyneth Paltrow
Shortly after Blake's complaint was made public, the Goop founder shared a photo of The Town star's hair company, Blake Brown, on her Instagram Story, writing, "Just added to my Christmas wish list."
Alexis Bledel, Amber Tamblyn & America Ferrera
Blake's BFFs and Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants costars penned a joint message, posted to Instagram Dec. 22, stating they "stand with her in solidarity as she fights back against the reported campaign waged to destroy her reputation."
Bart Johnson
Bart Johnson shared an impassioned defense of his sister-in-law in the comments section of a New York Times Instagram post detailing the filing and its own investigation into the behind-the-scenes turmoil.
“Her complained were filed during the filming,” the High School Musical alum, who is married to Blake's sister Robyn, wrote. “On record. Long before the public conflict. The cast unfollowed him for a reason. Read this article before spitting ignorance. His PR team was stellar. Gross and disgusting but highly effective. Read the article, their text message exchanges and his PR campaign strategy to bury her by any means necessary. No one is with out faults. But the public got played."
He later added on X of Baldoni, "He’s a fraud. He puts on the 'costume' of a hero, man bun and all. Used all of the trendy catchphrases & buzz words for his podcasts. None of it’s genuine. It’s all theater. And everyone fell for it. For years. Rewatch his videos with a more critical eye and watch him compliment and praise himself with faux humility and self deprecation. What a performance."
Shawn Levy
Ryan Reynolds' frequent collaborator Shawn Levy shared the New York Times investigation into the smear campaign on his Instagram Stories, writing, "Proud to call @blakelively a friend."
Amber Heard
Days after Lively's filing was made public, Amber Heard reflected on her own experience facing relentless vitriol online amid ex Johnny Depp's defamation trial against her.
“Social media is the absolute personification of the classic saying ‘A lie travels halfway around the world before truth can get its boots on,’” the Aquaman star expressed in a statement to NBC News Dec. 23. “I saw this firsthand and up close. It’s as horrifying as it is destructive.”
Brandon Sklenar
Brandon Sklenar, who played Blake's love interest Atlas Corrigan in It Ends With Us, had a simple, pointed message of support.
Sharing a screenshot of the Gossip Girl alum's full complaint against Baldoni on his Instagram Stories Dec. 23, he wrote over a link to the text, "For the love of God read this." He followed up by tagging her with a heart emoji.
Jenny Slate
Jenny Slate, who played Baldoni's sister and Blake's BFF in the film, shared her thoughts on the "disturbing" allegations.
“As Blake Lively’s castmate and friend, I voice my support as she takes action against those reported to have planned and carried out an attack on her reputation,” Slate said in a Dec. 23 statement to Today. “Blake is a leader, loyal friend and a trusted source of emotional support for me and so many who know and love her.”
“What has been revealed about the attack on Blake is terribly dark, disturbing, and wholly threatening," the Parks and Recreation alum continued. "I commend my friend, I admire her bravery, and I stand by her side.”
The actor, who stars alongside Lively in the upcoming sequel to A Simple Favor, sent his love to her on Instagram Story Dec. 23, adding that he felt her "pain" as they filmed together earlier this year.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.