This past month has been one that very much falls into the category of an ‘out and about’ few weeks. Journeys to and from the radio station, interview locations, hosting gigs, overseeing of our Airbnb in Belfast and wedding appointments have meant feeling like I have been living in my car. And, with that, comes a slight radio confession.
When I am not in work, I do occasionally (I digress, sometimes more than occasionally depending on the month) opt for a podcast over listening to the radio. Broadcasting is, of course, something I am immensely passionate about and, it goes without saying, that music also falls into this bracket. However, after five years of spending most days in a studio environment, some downtime can be in order. That is why, this month, I want to share my top 5 podcast recommendations for twenty-something females.
5. The Diary of a CEO – Join Steven Bartlett as he deep dives into the minds of some of the most successful people in the world. Learn the habits and mindsets of high-performing individuals and see what tips you feel you can apply to level up in your own day-to-day life.
4. Shameless – For when you want a break from the pressures of being a grown up. Join Zara McDonald and Michelle Andrews as they revisit key moments in pop culture history. Ultimate nostalgia and escapism guaranteed as they break down the timelines of events such as the Prince Harry and Meghan Mackle saga or the Justin Bieber/Selena Gomez/Hailey Baldwin love triangle.
3. Call Her Daddy – One of the most popular podcasts in the world amongst women and it’s easy to see why. Born in 2018 as a raunchy, tell-all podcast from dating disasters to bedroom antics, the Call Her Daddy podcast has evolved to become a one-stop-shop for anything and everything females navigate during their twenties. Join Alex Cooper as she discusses therapy, relationships, career progression, insecurities, friendships and much more.
2, RedHanded – Similar to the Shameless podcast previously mentioned, RedHanded is another form of escapism but, this time, in a darker nature. If True Crime isn’t your genre of choice, leave this one off the list. However, if, like myself, you enjoy suspenseful storytelling, join hosts Suruthi and Hannah as they dissect these real-life tales with the perfect blend of humour and side-tangents to balance out the heavier topics. It’s understandable as to why they have won gold at the British Podcast Awards for three years running.
1. The Sinead Says Podcast – Finishing the recommendations, we have one of our very own with ‘The Sinead Say’ podcast. Born and raised in Castlederg, Sinead Hegarty has been on a personal, self-love journey for the last number of years. She now lives in Australia and has created her own brand off the back of her own experiences with shifting her mindset. Honest conversations and vulnerability are commonplace as she shares her thoughts on all things wellness, from meditation to mindfulness. This listen reminds you that sometimes feeling lost in your twenties is more common than you would think and offers tips to help you find yourself again.
I hope you enjoy a little bit of escapism and some nuggets of knowledge from these recommendations in the coming month. A reminder that we all need downtime from work sometimes in order to regenerate and bring the best versions of ourselves to the table long-term.
To stay up to date on news and events. 
By clicking 'Subscribe' you are agreeing to share your email address with and receive communications from the Ulster Tatler Group
Ulster Tatler is a lifestyle and society magazine based in Northern Ireland. Established in 1966, Ulster Tatler is Northern Ireland's largest and most widely read monthly magazine. It has coverage of a wide range of events in the N Ireland social calendar as well as local fashion, beauty, healthcare and much more. The focus of the magazine is very much on the positive aspects of life in N Ireland.
39 Boucher Rd Belfast BT12 6UT (Map)
Audited Bureau of Circulations
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties.
Delivery for each issue is the first week of every month.
To cancel your subscription call 028 9066 3311 at least a week before the release of the latest issue.
If you cancel your subscription you are refunded the remaining amount on a pro-rata basis, ie If you purchase a years supply and cancel after 6 months you are refunded the remaining 6 months payment.