It's that time of year to make your gift-giving list and check it twice. And while running through the aisles of countless stores with the sound of Mariah Carey's whistle tones can be all things chaotic, we've taken it upon ourselves to relieve some of that seasonal stress.
Below, we've gathered a list of gifts for her to give you some unique ideas and wallet-friendly inspiration — from everyday jewelry and WFH must-haves to bestselling books and TikTok-viral leggings. 
The best part? All of them are under $50.
Sunglasses, available at Dime Optics
For those who take their fashion super seriously, these stunning pairs of sunglasses are sure to turn heads. The shapes are oh-so chic, and the polarized lenses protect from those harsh UV rays. It's a major must-have on any wish list.
EQUICK Cloud Slides Pillow Slippers, available at Amazon
Nicknamed "pillow slides" for their ultra-cushy nature, these affordable slides are a must-have pick straight from the Insider editors. Not only are the soles thick and flexible, but they are durable for wear even outside of the house. You can read our full review of them here.
Birthstone Huggies, available at Etsy
Support a small business with the cutest gold gemstone huggies that complement every outfit. Shop their birth month, or collect their fave colors for a curated mix-and-match moment.
Colorfulkoala Women's Buttery Soft High Waisted Yoga Pants Full-Length Leggings, available at Amazon
Though these leggings are a #1 bestseller on Amazon with over 42,000 reviews, our editor put them to the test to see what the hype was about. Spoiler: They're buttery soft, flattering, and wallet-friendly.
Weekender Bag for Women, available at Amazon
Seen all over TikTok's For You page, this duffel bag is not only cute, but it's incredibly practical. It features a nifty strap that slides over the luggage handle, a USB port to charge tech gadgets on the go, and an extra toiletry bag to store tiny essentials.
Chunky Scarf, available at Abercrombie
When you can't seem to find a gift for someone you love, you truly can't go wrong with an ultra-cozy, oversized scarf – and this one from Abercrombie feels luxurious without breaking the bank.
Kristin Ess Full-size French Pin Set, available at Target
It's no secret that nostalgic '90s claw clips have become a cool girl mainstay for messy updos in a pinch. From office days to dinner date nights, these French pins are easy to use but instantly elevate their look with a bit of effortless glamor.
Knit Jersy Pajama Pant Set, available at Old Navy
Nothing says luxury quite like a matching set of button-up pajamas – and this set from Old Navy is not only affordable but impossibly soft. This gift is sure to be a fan favorite.
Two Souls Bracelet in Baby Blue, available at Catbird
There's nothing quite like pearls, and this simple but elegant bracelet has a couple nestled together.
Skim Soft Lounge Boxer, available at Nordstrom and Skims
Kim Kardashian knew what she was doing with Skims, and these cozy boxer shorts are ideal for lazy holiday breaks and long weekends spent lounging around the house.
Brea Light Turquoise Blue Light Glasses, available at Eyebuydirect
Staring at a computer screen all day can be seriously damaging, but luckily, there's a fashion-savvy fix to any WFH woes. This pair of tortoise shell specs are oversized, protecting the sensitive under-eye area and blocking any harsh blue lights.
Long-Sleeve Cotton Seamless Fabric Scoopneck Bodysuit, available at Abercrombie
Abercrombie has made a serious comeback (which is something millennials did not see coming), and the fabrics somehow feel softer than ever. These cotton bodysuits are simple enough to work in any wardrobe and are a smoothing staple that are sure to get a lot of use year-round.
JW PEI Eva Shoulder Handbag, available at JW PEI
It-girls all over TikTok and Instagram are obsessed with the brand JW Pei — and this adorable bag fits all their daily essentials.
Crocs Classic Clog, available at Amazon, DSW and Croc
If you've seen more Crocs out in the wild, that's because they are officially deemed in-style (even Justin Bieber recently wore them on the red carpet). Pick a colorful hue that matches their aesthetic, and gift some clogs that are surprisingly comfy.
Women's UA Tech Twist V-Neck, available at Under Armour
This bestselling workout shirt from Under Armour will keep them moving with four-way stretch construction and quick-drying, sweat-wicking fabric. Its looser fit makes it comfortable, and it comes in 15 colors.
Reversible Faux Leather Tote and Wristlet, available at Amazon
A plain tote may seem like a boring gift, but this one is reversible and features a detachable wristlet. You're getting three different bags for $50. It's a utilitarian gift with a fashion-friendly twist.
Ultimate Bison Socks, available at United by Blue
If these don't help get her through the winter, nothing will. Made with a blend of wool, down, nylon, and spandex, they're the perfect combination of warmth and stretch.
Closed Toe Faux Fur Slipper, available at Victoria's Secret
When in doubt, you seriously can't go wrong with a pair of fuzzy faux fur slippers around the holiday season. This pair comes in sizes S - L and feels incredibly cushiony on their feet.
Extra High-Waisted Sky-Hi Wide-Leg Jeans, available at Old Navy
Jeans can be a bit expensive. Fortunately, the budget pick in our heavily-tested guide to the best high-waisted jeans comes in a variety of sizes and colors.
Standard Baggu, available at Baggu
This tote is a convenient and sturdy way to store whatever she needs while she's out on the town or running errands.
Jewelry Subscription Box, available at Cratejoy
It's hard to gift jewelry she'll love, so give her options. This monthly subscription box offers three pieces of jewelry for rent, according to her style. From a choker necklace to statement earrings, the choices are vast.
Waitu Wearable Blanket, available at Amazon
The sherpa lining will keep her toasty no matter what she's doing around the house. Don't know her size? That's not a problem with this oversized wearable blanket.    
Palm-Leaf Clutch, monogrammed (or personalized), available at Mark and Graham
Buying accessories, especially something like a bag or purse, can be tricky, but an understated piece like this, with the added touch of a monogram, has a place in most wardrobes.
BlingBrite Ring Cleaning Pen, available at Anthropologie
Whether you're shopping for someone who is newly engaged or just married, this diamond-safe ring cleaner is the perfect necessity to keep in their purse when they're in a pinch. Sparkly rings guaranteed.
Kylie Cosmetics The Bronze Palette, available at Ulta and Kylie Cosmetics
Kylie Cosmetics' eyeshadow formulas are truly top-tier – and her iconic bronze-y palette is no exception. Each and every gorgeous shade is rich in pigment, and ideal for both lowkey daytime looks and amped-up romantic nights. This classic color story is a must-have in any glam collection.
Luxy Hair x Acquired Style Heatless Curler Set, available at Luxy Hair
Acquired Style, the TikTok-viral creator known for using hair rollers, collabed with Luxy Hair to create the perfect set of heatless curlers for easy curling while you sleep. 
Pat McGrath's LiquiLUST Matte Lipstick in shade Elson 4, available at Pat McGrath
The Swiftie in your life might appreciate the lipstick Taylor Swift wears in the "Bejeweled" music video, first identified by Pat McGrath herself on Instagram. The shade is frequently unavailable, but one of our editors noticed that it was back in stock just in time for the holiday season.
Dazzle Dry Checkmate Mini Kit, available at Amazon and Dazzle Dry
For someone who loves a fresh manicure but isn't a fan of sitting in a salon for hours, Dazzle Dry will become their best-kept secret. The formula truly dries within seconds, and the polish lasts completely chip-free for over a week. Seriously.
3-Month Gift Subscription, available at Birchbox
Birchbox is a skincare and makeup subscription that sends tons of beauty samples to test out and play around with. If she loves any of them, she can easily buy the full-sized version through the service. You can opt to give a longer subscription if you'd like. 
Read our full review of Birchbox here.
The Outset Daily Essentials Starter Set, available at The Outset
The Outset is a skincare brand created by none other than Scarlett Johansson that is all things clean, effective, and sensitive-skin friendly. This travel-sized set is perfect for exploring the range at a lower cost and trying the headline-making formulas.
Ariana Grande Cloud Eau De Parfum, available at Walmart, Target and Ulta
Hands down her most popular perfume, Ariana Grande's Cloud is decadent and rich, with notes of dreamy lavender blossom, yummy praline, and creamy vanilla orchid. What's more? It went completely TikTok-viral for being a near-perfect dupe for Baccarat Rouge (which is a whopping $325). Any fragrance lover is sure to love this one.
Revlon One-Step Hair Dryer & Volumizer Hot Air Brush, available at Amazon
This all-in-one hairdryer from Revlon garnered a large following online. It rivals luxury hair tools at a fraction of the price and is a game-changer for cutting down on time and heat damage to your hair without sacrificing your look. 
Read our full review of the Revlon One-Step Hair Dryer and Volumizer Hot Air Brush here.
Coco Rose Exfoliating Body Scrub, available at Amazon
Pamper her with this coconut-and-rose-infused body scrub that gently exfoliates. It'll leave her skin feeling soft and moisturized – not to mention she'll smell wonderful wherever she goes. You can read more about this product in our guide to the best body scrubs. 
Relax Gift Set, available at Lush
Best for: The woman who needs a night off
Pamper her with this Lush gift set filled with body scrubs, soaps, moisturizers, and more. She will appreciate the beautiful, reusable gift box and all the goodies inside.  
Mini Flora Gorgeous Eau de Parfum Duo Set, available at Sephora
This luxurious Gucci set is already so gorgeous in its box – all you need to do is add a bow!
Minia Mania Skincare Set, available at Sephora
A Sephora Collection exclusive, this skin tool set is the perfect gift for skincare lovers, wellness warriors, and everyone in between. Though tiny and travel-sized, each tool brings some serious benefits to any routine.
Gisou Mini Honey Infused Hair Oil, available at Amazon, Sephora and Gisou
This honey-infused hair oil is decadent, rich, and oh-so luxe – yet magically keeps strands feeling lightweight and bouncy all the same. This liquid gold has a cult following for a reason and is sure to be well-loved by anyone who needs a bit more moisture and nourishment for their hair.
Fresh Sugar Tinted Lip Treatment, available at Nordstrom
If her beauty preferences tend to be more natural, she likely loves a good tinted lip balm. Fresh makes some of the best — the color options are universally flattering, and the formula is smooth, hydrating, and buttery. We've even named this the best option with SPF in our guide to the best tinted lip balms.
KORA Organics Turmeric BHA Pore & Brightening Treatment Mask, available at Amazon, Sephora and KORA
Powerfully refreshing and satisfyingly cool on skin, KORA Organics has created the end-all-be-all exfoliating face mask that's packed with detoxifying ingredients. They can use it in lieu of face wash for a quick burst of energy in the morning or indulge in a pore-clearing mask before bed.
FERYES Large Travel Makeup Brush Holder, Magnetic Anti-fall Out Silicon, available at Amazon
For makeup lovers who also travel a lot, this silicone brush bag is a serious find. Not only does it close with a nifty magnet, but the material is incredibly easy to clean – which means you'll have this steal for a long, long time.
Perfume 3-Month Subscription, available at Scentbird
If she loves to switch up her scents, Scentbird is an affordable service that lets her choose a month's supply of perfume from thousands of well-known and new fragrances. With a three-month subscription, she can try something new or stick to the ones she knows and loves.
Wine Soaps (Set of 4), available at Uncommon Goods
This all-natural vegan soap mimics red and white wines with its oils and scents, offering a unique way to wind down after a long day. The set includes chardonnay, cabernet, pinot noir, and pinot grigio.
3-Month Glam Bag Gift Subscription, available at Ipsy
Ipsy sends monthly offerings of skincare and makeup, making it an ideal subscription for a beauty lover. Depending on the size of the subscription, they'll either get mini or full sized samples, and they can choose a number of them to keep!
Lagunamoon Essential Oils Gift Set, available at Amazon
Show her how much you know her by gifting her a custom essential oil set. Whether these are scents you know she'll love or specific oils for stress relief or sleep, she'll appreciate this thoughtful gift. 
Echo Dot (5th generation), available at Amazon
Maybe she needs something better than her phone or her laptop to play music. This isn't exactly a booming sound system by any means, but it will more than suffice.
LED Ring Light 10" with Tripod Stand & Phone Holder, available at Amazon
Any future TikTok creators or Instagram girlies in your circle? Level up their content game with a desktop LED ring light that comes with a phone stand.
Alexa-Enabled Smart Plug, available at Amazon
This voice-controlled smart plug allows her to control lights, chargers, and whatever else she wants through Alexa. She can also use the Alexa app to turn the outlets on and off if she doesn't have an Echo.
Vekkia 14 LED Rechargeable Book-Light, available at Amazon and Walmart
For the bookworms who can't seem to put their books down (even at night), this rechargeable techy gadget is the perfect hack for late-night reading.
Handbag Purse Light, available at Amazon
No more frantically searching for gum or lip balm at the bottom of her giant tote bag. Purse lights allow people to easily see to the bottom of their bag without turning on a phone flashlight.
ORDORA Pet Hair Remover, available at Amazon
For the cat and dog lovers in your life, this pet hair remover is easy to use and will have any piece of furniture looking brand new with a few swipes.
PopSockets, available at Amazon
PopSocket Grips are an inexpensive but extremely useful gift she'll be happy to have. She can stick them on the back of her phone, Kindle, iPad, or any other device to create a comfortable grip that allows her to hold her device one-handed.
PowerCore 10,000mAh External Battery
A good external battery is one of those practical gifts she probably needs but won't buy herself. Treat her to a good one that holds enough juice to charge her iPhone three times or her Galaxy twice.
White Milk Frother, available at Chamberlain Coffee
The internet's favorite queen of coffee – Emma Chamberlain, of course – has launched her own on-brand coffee collection, and perhaps her best drop yet is her handheld milk frother. This adorable latte accessory not only levels up your at-home barista game, but it is completely battery-operated (and comes with a stand).
Koythin Ceramic Coffee Mug with Flower Saucer, available at Amazon
TikTokers are seemingly in love with upgrading their WFH vibe, and teacup sets from this brand have gone viral for being the perfect addition to any morning routine. The brand has several different ceramic sets in addition to the popular flower ones.
Otherland Rattan Sandalwood Vegan Candle, available at Otherland
Otherland is an impossibly chic candle brand you've likely had your eyes on – and for good reason. Each glass jar is designed with unique pop art worthy of home decor and the luxe scents fill any room with comfort and warmth. The burn time is about 55 hours and the jar is reusable.
Mini Round, available at Venus et Fleur
Who loves receiving roses, but hates throwing them out after a week? This single rose lasts up to five years and is 100% real.
Cafe Du Monde Coffee Chicory, available at Amazon, World Market, and Cafe Du Monde
We're big fans of this New Orleans-style coffee and the hype is totally real. The dark roast is brimming with intense flavor by way of coffee and chicory, and once the grounds are all gone, the can doubles as the perfect container for little trinkets or a tiny bouquet.
Grilled Personal Pizza Maker, available at Uncommon Goods
For a gift that she (most likely) doesn't have, this cast iron personal pizza maker goes directly on the grill and makes crispy pies every time.
Warmies Marshmallow Bear Warming Stuffed Animal, available at Amazon, DSW and Warmies
Did you know that some stuffed animals were made for adults? Well, this one heats safely in the microwave, soothing any cramps, or even just adding a bit of warmth as they fall asleep throughout the chilly winter months.
State Spoon Rest, available at Uncommon Goods
For sports fans, hometown homies, and everything in-between, these thoughtful spoon rests are available to shop in every state shape within the US.
HOME SMILE Deer Ring Holder for Jewelry, available at Amazon
For some of us, the holiday season lasts all year long. If your giftee is one of those people, then this reindeer jewelry stand will have them thinking of Rudolph all year round.
Dash Mini Waffle Maker, available at Amazon, Target and Kohl's
Beloved by countless editors, this mini waffle maker is small but mighty, quickly making adorable mini waffles at home. Bonus: The iron is super easy to clean once it has cooled down.
Wood Marble Wine Cooler, available at Crate & Barrel
Any wine lover knows that a white or rosé is best served cold, and this mango wood and marble cooler stylishly keeps a bottle chilled for hours on end.
Royal Craft Wood Luxury Bathtub Caddy Organizer, available at Amazon
Sometimes a bath is all anyone really wants, and what better than a tray to accommodate everything she could possibly need to enter full relaxation mode?
Soundance Laptop Stand, available at Amazon
Overheated laptops and back pain can be a total drag, but this functional, yet completely desk-worthy stand is an easy fix. Available in a bunch of colors to match any aesthetic, this stand is suitable for ​​all laptops that are 10 to 15.6 inches.
Felt Like Sharing Felt Letter Board, available at Amazon
Sporting events, holidays, parties — there are a ton of occasions during which these come in handy. She'll also love being able to play around with it day to day at home with her favorite lyrics, phrases, or even messages to roommates.
Welcome Baby Personalized Candle, available at Prosperity Candle
For loved ones who may be new parents, this adorable candle from The Little Market is the perfect thoughtful gift they probably don't have. Not only are you able to personalize the gift with the baby's name, but you can pick a candle scent to match.
Vacu Vin Wine Saver, available at Amazon
Sometimes you just can't finish the bottle of wine. That's when the Vacu Vin comes in. It's a simple, small gadget that removes the oxygen from your open bottle and gives it an airtight seal to preserve freshness and prevent oxidation.
Custom Four-Piece Candy Bento Box, available at Sugarfina
Satisfy her sweet tooth with a custom box of candy. Sugarfina's candies are distinctly "adult" — but she'll still feel like a kid when she digs into a box of rosé gummies.
DASH Silicone Lid, available at Amazon
If she enjoys cooking, chances are she's probably spent a good amount of time trying to find the right container and lid for her leftovers. These silicone lids are a snap. All you have to do is pop one over a bowl or baking dish, and you get an airtight seal for easy storage in the fridge.
Wicked Plush Throw, available at L.L.Bean, from $29.95
This blanket has been a fan favorite for a while, which is why L.L.Bean carries this new and improved version. The brand made the blanket even softer with 100% polyester that's been brushed on both sides. It's so soft she'll want to be wrapped in it at all times, which is why we've also included it in our guide to the best throw blankets.
Joseph Joseph Adjustable Rolling Pin, available at Amazon
Anyone who loves to bake will appreciate this adjustable rolling pin that allows for more precision with dough thickness. All she'll have to do is remove or add the different-sized rings and let them guide her.
Succulent Assortment, available at The Sill
For plant newbies, there's nothing better than to start with tiny, low-maintenance plants. Marked by the brand as a great option for plant parenting beginners, these three cuties will be delivered straight to her doorstep.
Read our full review of The Sill here.
The Vintage Vogue Linea Coasters (Set of 4), available at West Elm
A clever way to keep her home clean and stylish is with these minimalist, chic coasters. 
Classic Extra Virgin Olive Oil, available at Pasolivo
There may be no more versatile gift for the home cook than a bottle of good olive oil. Whatever they're into cooking or prepping, this bottle will go to good use.
Bedsure Satin Pillowcases Standard Set of 2, available at Amazon
For a luxurious gift that encourages some serious self-care, these satin pillowcases are gentle on the skin and keep hair smooth and frizz-free for a quicker get-ready routine each morning.
Takeya Patented Deluxe Cold Brew Iced Coffee Maker, available at Amazon
Caffeine lovers who can't get enough of their favorite drink tend to spend a lot of money at coffee shops to get their fix. Make it easier for her to drink cold brew at home with this simple-to-use brewing pitcher.
Read our full review of the Takeya Patented Deluxe Cold Brew Ice Coffee Maker here.
Photo Book, available at Mixbook
Best for: The photographer
Get a little sentimental by commemorating their life highlights with this custom photo book, which we ranked as the most user-friendly photo book service.
Endangered Species, Choose Your Own Bars, available at Thrive Market
What's better than chocolate? Chocolate with a cause. Not only are these chocolate bars rich in flavor, but the brand is committed to its sustainability practices, not only sourcing the ingredients by fair trade, but by donating 10% of all net profits to charity.
Custom Maps, available at Grafomaps
Best for: The nostalgist 
A custom map of their hometown, college town, or favorite getaway is sure to brighten up the room (and make them tear up).
Herbarium Apron, available at The Getty
If she has a green thumb and/or is the captain of the kitchen, this apron is perfect. Featuring vintage botanical illustrations with handwritten names of the flora and fauna pictured, this apron also has a conveniently large front pocket and adjustable straps. Plus, the navy fabric is perfect for use in the garden or in the kitchen, capable of disguising the various splatters encountered in both areas.
Béis Travel The Passport & Luggage Tag Set, available at Béis Travel and Revolve
Created by actor Shay Mitchell, Béis is all about practical travel with a chic twist. This matching passport case and luggage tag set is perfect for any traveler in your life who loves to jet with serious style.
Intelligent Change The Five Minute Journal, available at Intelligent Change
Meant as a space for daily reflection, gratitude, and mindfulness, the Five Minute Journal is the perfect habit builder for anyone who may have a hard time free-writing in their journal. Morning and evening prompts help build a routine of joy and weekly challenges help track their personal growth.
Bala Pilates Ball (Non-Weighted), available at Amazon
Pilates has taken over the lives of TikTok girlies, becoming one of the most popular full-body, low-impact workouts for every level of athleticism. This workout ball is non-weighted but seriously amps up those at-home sessions with ease.
"Verity" by Colleen Hoover, available at Amazon, Bookshop and Target
Colleen Hoover has taken the book-loving community by storm, with bestselling novels seemingly dropping by the month. "Verity" is her only thriller to date and is an incredible page-turner that is hard to put down.
Birth Month Flower Grow Kit, available at Uncommon Goods
Have a loved one with a green thumb? This flower grow kit is the perfect gift for any plant lover in your life, and each flower is unique to a birth month, which is a sweet, personalized touch.
Oak & Reed Speed Jump Rope, available at Free People
Jump ropes give anyone a heart-pumping workout with only minimal space needed. This one is made for speed, with a non-slip grip that creates a seamless experience.
Personalized Video Message, available at Cameo
Best for: The pop culture fanatic
Cameo has tons of famous people she might want a personalized video message from. There's something for almost everyone on Cameo, with prices as low as $1. You can choose a category, like reality TV or athletes, and filter by price and how long it takes to get a response. 
Read more about Cameo and how to use Cameo.
Power Lunch Puzzle, available at Piecework Puzzles
Best for: The puzzler
This puzzle features a stunning photo that she'll want to hang up when she's done.
History by Mail 6-Month Subscription, available at Uncommon Goods
Once a month for six months, this mail subscription service will send detailed replicas of historical documents, like Albert Einstein's correspondence with FDR. A team of archivists digs up fascinating historical documents, and graphic designers replicate them — handwriting, signatures, and all. 
Wild One Poop Bag Carrier, available at Chewy and Wild One
For the dog owner in your life who is all about the aesthetic, this discreet poop bag carrier attaches to any leash and somehow looks chic.
Birthstone Wishing Balls, available at Uncommon Goods
These lovely, handblown glass balls have a small hole at the base. Your giftee writes a wish or achievement on one of the 52 included slips of paper. A year later, she'll have a display piece full of meaning.
"A Court of Thorns and Roses" by Sarah J. Maas, available at Amazon, Bookshop and Target
Are they in need of a new mythical fantasy series to get through the colder months? A "Court of Thorns and Roses" has a major following, with a total of five books in the series to dive into. 
Travel Cord Roll, available at Uncommon Goods
Frequent travelers need a way to keep all their cords and cables organized. This leather roll-up organizer has eight slots for cords and headphones, plus a pouch where your charger base can fit.
Birth Month Flower Paint-by-Number Kit, available at Uncommon Goods
If she's artistic — or strives to be — she'll appreciate this painting kit that anyone can follow with ease. Creating her work of art will take up to three hours, but she'll end up with a frame-worthy masterpiece.
Book of the Month Subscription, available at Book of the Month
Each month, this service curates five book choices — some of them early release — and she'll choose her favorite. The service will send the book directly to her. She can also skip a month if she's behind on her reading. While a gift subscription is above $50, you can always offer to sponsor their first BOTM book for just $16.99.
Online Cooking Classes, available at Sur La Table
With Sur La Table's virtual cooking classes, she can follow along with expert chefs live from the comfort of her kitchen. These hands-on 90- to 120-minute classes cover everything from seasonal dishes to cocktails and desserts.
TRIBE Water-Resistant Arm Band, available at Amazon
If she loves to run or spends a lot of time at the gym, this top-rated armband will be a lifesaver. Just make sure you know what model phone she carries, as the sizing may differ.
KleverCase Kindle Paperwhite Case, available at Amazon
You'll find many classic book covers cleverly printed onto Kindle cases, along with one that looks like an unmarked leather-bound book. All she has to do is pop it on her e-reader.
Trtl Neck Pillow, available at Trtl
If she goes on a lot of trips (or has travel anxiety), the gift of comfort is one she'll appreciate.
Read our full review of the Trtl Neck Pillow here.
My Life Story So Far, available at Uncommon Goods
This book is like a guided journal for her to record her memories, accomplishments, and experiences. No matter her age, it's something she'll undoubtedly enjoy keeping track of and sharing with others.
New York Times Custom Front Page Puzzle, available at Uncommon Goods
Celebrate her special day — birthday, anniversary, or milestone — with this interactive memento. Enter any date since 1851 and find the New York Times front page printed from that exact date.
Theraband Resistance Band Set, available at Amazon
Resistance bands are a great way to strength train both the upper and lower body. They're small, affordable ways to upgrade any home gym.
"The Bucket List" by Kath Stathers, available at Amazon
This worldwide bucket list won't cure her wanderlust, but it'll definitely provide her inspiration and fodder for planning her travels. Plus, it makes a great coffee table book.
Starbucks Gift Card, available at Amazon, Target and Starbucks 
Whether you're gift hunting for a college student, a commuter, and beyond, you really can't go wrong with a Starbucks gift card.
You can purchase logo and accolade licensing to this story here.Disclosure: Written and researched by the Insider Reviews team. We highlight products and services you might find interesting. If you buy them, we may get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our partners. We may receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising team. We welcome your feedback. Email us at reviews@businessinsider.com.
Jump to