Sean Kingston is no stranger to controversy. The rapper has had his fair share of run-ins with the law and other issues since he first broke into the music scene with hits like "Fire Burning" and "Beautiful Girl." The hitmaker is reportedly in the midst of his most recent controversy after a home that he rented was recently raided by authorities on Thursday, May 23.
CBS News reported that Broward sheriff's investigators and Davie Police in Florida are reportedly investigating the mansion in the neighborhood of Southwest Ranches. The news comes after officers were spotted at the home. A lawyer who has a civil case against Sean said that the investigation has to do with fraud.
The singer and songwriter rose to fame in 2007 with his hit single “Beautiful Girls.” He released four studio albums and collaborated with artists like Justin Bieber, Nicki Minaj, and Wiz Khalifa. He took a long hiatus from music until he released his album Road to Deliverance in 2023. The Jamaican star has since been involved in several lawsuits and legal disputes since the start of his career due to his behavior. Here is a look back at all of the controversies Sean Kingston has found himself in over the years.
READ MORE: Diddy slams 'witch hunt' after his homes raided with 'military force' in sex trafficking probe
News helicopters captured footage of several police cruisers and deputies surrounding Sean's property on Thursday, May 23. Local Florida station WSVN reported that the raid stemmed from accusations that the singer, whose real name is Kisean Paul Anderson, failed to pay for a $150,000 entertainment system. According to Baller Alert, officials stated that he allegedly never paid for a high-end system, leading to a lawsuit filed against him in February.
Dennis Card, an attorney for the company that sold the entertainment system, was present during the raid. He said, "[Sean] said that he works with Justin Bieber and that he, obviously, puts on a big show here. This is a rental house; he doesn’t own it. He lures people using his celebrity to release things without paying and then simply never pays."
Card shared that the Broward Sheriff’s Office is looking to expand the search warrant to access more parts of the singer's home."He is stealing the property itself," Card said. "He has a standardized script that he gives people, claiming he wants to purchase these things, but he never pays for anything. He gets the stuff and that’s the end of the story. He does it over and over and over."
A jeweler claimed that the singer allegedly hadn’t paid a bill for a watch he purchased. Radar Online obtained court documents from watch company Dream Watch who petitioned a court to award them $1,054,107.50 for two unpaid watches, a Richard Mille Model RM 65.01 Automatic and a Patek Phillipe Calibre.
The company said that Sean contacted them in 2022 to purchase the two watches, but he never sent them a wire transfer for the payment. "Kingston represented his initial wire attempt was rejected because it was flagged by his bank due to the large amount being wired overseas," read the suit. "Thereafter, Kingston represented his account was frozen due to the initial wire attempt, amongst other excuses which persisted for over three months until Kingston stopped responding to Plaintiff entirely. Ultimately, the agreed upon funds were never sent, and Defendants continue to refuse to render payment as agreed. Defendant Kingston continues to possess the two watches."
The singer had previously been accused of skipping out on a jewelry bills. Norman Silverman Diamonds filed a lawsuit in 2017 to retrieve $21,353 still owed on a watch purchased by Sean after delayed payment. The singer previously owed a New York City watchmaker more than $300,000 after buying nine "high-end" items with bad checks, a new Manhattan federal court lawsuit alleged in 2016. Aqua Master, located on 47th St. near Fifth Ave, filed the lawsuit saying they discovered that they had been paid with bad checks.
A Los Angeles music video director claimed that the singer physically assaulted him and pulled a gun on him. TMZ reported in 2021 that Sean reportedly punched a Los Angeles music video director before pulling a gun on him. The producer who goes by the name GXDLIKE, was living with the artist while they worked on music together and said Sean began dragging him down a hallway and pointing a gun at him on Nov. 5, 2021. He said that Sean left him with several bruises and cuts on his face and kicked him out of the house. GXDLIKE filed a police report with the LAPD.
HipHopDX received a statement from Sean through his attorneys at Wackermann & Partners denying the assault. "Any allegations regarding my client, Sean Kingston made over the past few days are false. It is unfortunate that Sean’s former videographer upon being terminated has chosen to seek his 5 minutes of fame. All claims will be disproven."
In 2019, the singer was caught on video being detained by police at Dino’s Chicken & Burgers in Los Angeles after someone reported that he was brandishing a gun. The video footage showed police ordering him and several other people out of their car for questioning. They were eventually released. Someone who was at the restaurant at the time said that his car was blocking the exit, blocking people from leaving. The singer was also reportedly throwing ice at the restaurant’s window.
Police ended up releasing him after no gun was on his person.
In 2013, a woman named Carissa Capeloto accused Sean of forcing her to have sex with him, his bodyguard, and a band member in 2010, describing it as a "gang rape." Carissa said she was under the influence of alcohol and marijuana during a meet and greet with the singer, making her "incapable of consent.” She was then treated at a hospital for physical injuries aligned with her claim and sued the three men. The singer said that the incident was "consensual" but never publicly addressed the lawsuit. He later settled the case out of court, according to TMZ.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.