Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign have canceled their listening parties for Vultures 2, Billboard reports. The listening sessions were to take place in arenas across the nation in anticipation of the duo's second installment in the Vultures series.
At the time of this writing, the only listening party still listed with a valid ticket purchase link is the listening party at the Pyramids of Giza in Egypt.
The canceled venues included Tampa, FL; Fort Lauderdale, FL; Pittsburgh, PA; Nashville, TN; and Charlotte, NC. The one for Washington, D.C., is still up, but it contains a broken link for purchase.
Amelie Arena in Tampa, FL put out a statement that reads: "We regret to report that due to the time constraints for Ye and Ty Dolla $ign to curate production and meet logistic requirements, the upcoming dates for the VULTURES 1&2 listening experience will need to be revisited at a later date."
The listening party was promoted as Vultures 1 & Vultures 2; however, there has not been a new release date announced as the sequel was expected to arrive on March 8.
In an alleged direct message on March 8 between a fan account (@yefanatics) and Kanye, the rapper said that he and Ty Dolla $ign are still working on the project.
"Hi Ye. Will Vultures 2 be available today?" the fan account asked the rapper, to which he replied: "We in the lab."
Vultures 3 is expected to drop on Friday, but it seems unlikely that it will happen.
For Vultures 1, fans were expecting the project at midnight on Feb. 9, but it wasn't released until Feb. 10 at midnight, when the album finally dropped. Prior to the Feb. 10 release day, the album was pushed back three times.
Back in November, Ye and Ty  canceled their multi-stadium listening party. The duo also had previously planned an Italy concert that never came to fruition.
However, despite the setbacks, Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign went on to land them in the top spot for Vultures on the Billboard 200 upon its debut. Ye bragged about being canceled and then showing out at No. 1 when he crowned himself the only G.O.A.T.
"EVERYONE KNOWS I WASHED KENDRICK ON NO MORE PARTIES IN LA," he began of he and Kendrick's 2016 hit before coming for he and Drake's joint benefit concert in 2021. "EVERYONE KNOWS I WASHED DRAKE AT THE FREE HOOVER CONCERT/ EVERYONE KNOWS I BROUGHT ADIDAS INTO THIS CULTURE AND, I TOOK THEM OUT/ EVERYONE KNOWS LOTTA DEMNA VIRGIL JERRY KIM ALL WORKED FOR ME."
He continued: "I MADE YEEZUS DARK FANTASY PABLO/ GRADUATION THRONE 808S/ I MADE RUNAWAY DEVIL IN A NEW DRESS FATHER STRETCH/ I AM THE ONLY PERSON TO COME BACK TO NUMBER ONE AFTER CANCELLATION.
"THERE IS ONLY ONE GOAT/ I STAND BY ME/ MY FRIENDS CALL ME YE :)," he concluded in the since-deleted Instagram post per HipHopDX.
Before Kanye was the rapper, entrepreneur, and trendsetting mogul that he is today, he got his start as a producer most notably working with Jay-Z. Back in 2000, Ye was signed to Roc Nation’s team of in-house producers and from there the rest is history. With over 20 years of experience in the music business, Ye has continued to raise the industry standard.  
Take a look at 15 songs you might not have known he produced for other artists:
Ye produced Foxy Brown's "My Life" which was released in 1999. The song was featured as part of the soundtrack in the 2003 hit film "Cradle 2 The Grave" starring the late DMX, Jet Li, Gabrielle Union, Anthony Anderson, and Paige Hurd.
Lil' Kim's "Don't Mess with Me" was released in 2000 from the rapper's second studio album The Notorious K.I.M.  Ye is also credited as a co-writer along with Kimberly Denise Jones (Lil' Kim), Deric "D-Dot" Angelettie, Geoff Gill and Cliff Wade.
"Brown Sugar (Fine)" is from the soundtrack of the film Brown Sugar. Mos Def plays Chris “Cavi” Vichon, a cab driver and underground rapper, and he performs the song in the film and tags Faith Evans' angelic vocals later on the soundtrack. The song contains a sample of Norman Connor’s “Invitation” (1979). 
Monica released "Knock Knock" in 2003 on her fourth studio album 'Before The Storm.' The record peaked at No.75 on the Billboard Hot 100 and No. 24 on Billboard’s R&B chart."Knock Knock" samples The Masqueraders' 1976 song “It’s a Terrible Thing to Waste Your Love.”
"Go!" is the third single from Common's 2005 album Be. Ye provides background vocals alongside John Mayer. Be was nominated for "Best Rap Album" at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards. 
“You Don’t Know My Name” is the lead single of Alicia’s second studio album The Diary Of Alicia Keys , which was released in 2003. The song won a Grammy for "Best R&B Song" at the 47th Annual Grammys where the singer also picked up "Best R&B Album," for  The Diary Of Alicia Keys , "Best Female R&B Vocal Performance" for "If Ain't Got You," and "Best R&B Performance By A Duo or Group With Vocals" for "My Boo" featuring Usher.
"Overnight Celebrity" is the second single from Twista's 2004 album Kamikaze. The song has uncredited vocals by West and violin by Miri Ben-Ari. The track samples Lenny Williams' 1978 song "Cause I Love You." The song received a nomination for Best Rap Solo Performance at the 47th Annual Grammy Awards.
"Stay The Night" is from Mariah Carey's The Emancipation of Mimi, the singer's 10th studio album, which was released in 2005. 
Alicia Keys and Ye teamed up again on the singer's "Unbreakable" which was released in 2005. The track was originally supposed to be a part of the R&B icon's second studio album The Diary Of Alicia Keys but it ultimately did not make the cut.
"The song was always one of my favorites, but I did not think it would fit well into my second album," the singer said per Genius. The record draws from Eddie Kendrick's 1977 "Intimate Friends." "Unbreakable" was nominated for "Best R&B Song" and "Best Female Vocal R&B Vocal Performance" at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards.
"Did It Before" is from Lil Wayne's The Drought Is Over 2: The Carter 3 Sessions. The Drought Is Over 2: The Carter 3 Sessions is an unofficial compilation of Lil Wayne songs that was released in 2007.
"Show Me A Good Time" is from Drake's 2010 album Thank Me Later. Not only did Ye produce this song but he also has a co-writing credit along with Drake, No I.D., and Jeff Bhasker. Ye also produced Drizzy's "Find Your Love" which is also on the album. Thank Me Later was nominated for "Best Rap Album" at the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards.
The original "Runaway Love" is found on Justin Bieber's 2010 album My World 2.0. Bieber and Ye's collab came after Kanye tweeted his admiration of the song. He then added Wu-Tang's Raekwon onto the project for the remix. The remix samples the beat from Wu-Tang Clan's 1993 hit "Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta F--- Wit." 
"Party" is from Beyoncé's fourth studio album 4 and includes a guest appearance from André 3000. Ye also contributes background vocals to the track along with Consequence. 
"Let's Get Lifted" is from John Legend's debut studio album Get Lifted. Ye who was Legend's manager at the time, executive produced this album including "Let's Get Lifted." Get Lifted won "Best R&B Album", and earned Legend another two awards, for "Best New Artist" and "Best Male R&B Vocal Performance" for his single "Ordinary People" at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards.
"Industry Baby" appears on Lil Nas X's debut album Montero which was released in 2021. The song features a guest appearance from rapper Jack Harlow. The song debuted at No. 2 in August of 2021 then went to No.1 on the chart on the week of October 23, 2021. The track became Lil Nas X's third No. 1 song and Harlow's first. The song received a nomination for Best Melodic Rap Performance at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!