By JACKIE ANNESLEY 
 Published:  12:01, 27 January 2024   |  Updated:  12:01, 27 January 2024   
View  comments
To the Maldives, a country never previously on my to-do list, to swim with the turtles. 
The pale beaches of the Maldives are formed of powdered coral
On day one it poured so hard I retreated into the pool, ploughing up and down through a surface alive with warm monsoon rain. On day two the sun briefly appeared and I was introduced to Imala, a female olive ridley (the smallest breed of sea turtle), who only the week before had been brought to the turtle sanctuary at our resort at Landaa Giraavaru. Entangled in fishing nets, she was barely alive.
A young marine biologist from the Home Counties was tending her rotting right flipper and exposed skull bone and neck with iodine. In protest, Imala made a quiet, ancient sound and then was still. She’d washed up on the resort’s nearby private island (more of which later) and her chances of survival remained slim. (In a perfect world, she could live to 60 years.)
Yoga therapy is one of many treatments available at Four Seasons Resort Landaa Giraavaru
On day three I met a happier relative on a snorkelling trip. The solitary hawksbill was hanging out on the reef’s drop-off, laconically eating coral like the laid-back Crush in Finding Nemo. When it moved on, dozens of fluttering tiny blue fish surrounded it, like a corps de ballet around a principal dancer. Nearby, a spotted eagle ray drifted past, trailing main-character energy and a venomous tail. But it was the slow-winged turtle we’d all come to see.
Considered the most beautiful of all sea turtles, once hunted for the now banned ‘tortoiseshell’ trinket trade, hawksbills remain in danger of extinction. Coral bleaching, ocean plastic and fewer beaches to nest in all threaten their survival. The reptiles originated some 230 million years ago, long before this string of coral islands, scattered around 26 atolls in the Indian Ocean, was first occupied.
The Maldives evolved from a Buddhist kingdom into an Islamic sultanate at the end of the 12th century, the rich Arab traders having persuaded the last Buddhist king to convert. The medieval Muslim globetrotter Ibn Battuta, who lived here between 1343 and 1344, found the female islanders less keen to give up their rights to live bare-breasted. ‘I made efforts to put an end to this custom: I could not succeed,’ he wrote in his diaries. By 1796, the British had swept in and not until November 1968 was it finally handed back to become a strict Islamic republic. Tourism, begun in 1972, is now the country’s largest income source, with the British among their most frequent visitors. On my flight out, I sat next to a couple from the Midlands who were on their ninth visit.
Despite admirable preservation work, hawksbill turtles remain in danger of extinction
‘Paradise,’ purred the husband. He was right. My prejudice was misconceived. The islands are more beautiful than Mauritius, less gauche than Dubai, safer than Belize and more hospitable than the Caribbean. Their powdery white sand, unlike 95 per cent of the world’s beaches, is made from coral, while the shallow waters are an unearthly sulphurous blue.
Our resort is part of Baa Atoll, a Unesco biosphere reserve, and everything about its village-like charm spoke of a simpler life: the early-morning bird chatter, the quietude of the garden villas, the vastness of the sky. This resort was considered for the third season of the Sky Atlantic drama White Lotus (always shot at a Four Seasons hotel) but it gets so many repeat guests it was impossible to close it for the required three months’ filming.
At its centre are long beds of basil and other herbs, plus an orchid garden. There’s also a chicken ‘featheration’ for fresh eggs, avenues of Tibetan prayer flags leading to wall-less treatment rooms for everything from yoga to massage. (Dr Arun Tomson’s Ayurvedic pulse-taking is a revelation.)
Perfect moments? Breakfast under the banyan tree overlooking the lagoon; cycling through the islands’ oil-lamplit sandy lanes at night; spotting that turtle in its leisurely underwater flight.
If you were ever to find a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow, be tempted to book the world’s smallest Four Seasons resort, a private island just a 20-minute boat ride away. This is where Justin Bieber took his mother and LeBron James did his daily jogging circuit. It’s where wooden steps lead to your own reef and where the sun rises and sets on either side of the master bedroom. I mean, I would.
That other intrepid traveller Marco Polo was right to pronounce it ‘the flower of the Indies’. Yet it is now the earth’s flattest country, just 1.5 metres above sea level and at the very coalface of climate change. Some say that by 2100 this piece of paradise will be uninhabitable. There are desperate plans to build a higher seawall around the main island of Male, home to 253,000 people, and recent reports of a proposed Dutch-engineered floating town of 5,000 homes.
Most of the hundreds of resorts here are waging their own battle against CO2 emissions. What is Landaa doing? At the Marine Discovery Centre, its 15 on-site biologists are breeding fish, researching manta ray (this atoll has the world’s largest known population) and restoring reefs through a pioneering propagation scheme – live corals attached to metal frames are dropped on to reefs to encourage new growth. Visiting guests are invited to sponsor injured turtles and reef restoration – updated underwater pictures are emailed on. (I am child-like in anticipation of mine.)
I tracked down environmental specialist Faisal Ibrahim for a back-of-house peek into what else is happening: 3,105 solar panels saving 250,000-300,000 litres of diesel a year; water heat pumps in all guest rooms; a desalination and bottling plant – no single-use plastic here, it’s all wooden, ceramic or glass. My favourite find was an unassuming machine demonstrated by Faisal. In goes a wine bottle and out comes finely ground glass to be scattered back on to the ocean floor. From sand to sand.
I could go on, but let’s get back to the turtles. On day five I revisited Imala, the olive ridley found half-strangled. She’d finally eaten two pieces of prawn but her injured flipper had to be amputated.
In the adjacent marine centre, a huge board proclaims that all seven species of the world’s sea turtles are now under threat, five of which can be found in the Maldives.
Should you wish to see these extraordinary creatures for yourself, you may well want to go sooner rather than later. 
5 underseas wonderlands 
Azores, Portugal 
Get there in 4 hours 30 mins
Go in June-September
Spot Blue sharks, devil rays, yellowmouth barracuda
Darwin Island, Galapagos, Ecuador
Get there in 23 hours
Go in July-December
Spot Galapagos sharks, whale sharks, bottlenose dolphins, green turtles
Ras Mohammed, Egypt
Get there in 5 hours 30 mins
Go in June-August
Spot The atmospheric Yolanda shipwreck, blue-spotted stingrays, napoleon wrasse
Blue Hole, Belize
Get there in 23 hours
Go in April-June
Spot Eagle rays, manatees and several shark species: Caribbean reef, nurse, bull, hammerhead and black-tip
Tiger Beach, Bahamas
Get there in 10 hours
Go in October-January
Spot Shark species including tiger, lemon and Caribbean reef
fourseasons.com/maldiveslg

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group