Agenda-setting intelligence, analysis and advice for the global fashion community.
The essential daily round-up of fashion news, analysis, and breaking news alerts.Plus, access one complimentary BoF Professional article of your choice, each month.
Our newsletters may include 3rd-party advertising, by subscribing you agree to the Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy.
Crocs Inc.’s shares fell as much as 16 percent in US premarket trading after the seller of brightly coloured plastic clogs tempered growth expectations and warned of sales declines for its casual HeyDude brand.
Crocs’ sales growth in the third quarter, which includes the crucial back-to-school shopping period, remained flat. The company said it expects 2024 sales growth of 3 percent, the low end of its prior guidance of 3 percent to 5 percent. Dragging revenues was Crocs’ casual sneaker and loafer brand, HeyDude. The brand’s full year sales are expected to fall 14.5 percent compared to a year ago, lower than its previous guidance of down 8 percent to 10 percent.
“HeyDude’s recent performance and the current operating environment are signalling it will take longer than we had initially planned for the brand to turn a corner,” said chief executive officer Andrew Rees in a press release.
After a decade-long fallow period during the 2010s, Crocs regained relevance following a strategic move to target teens with endorsements from celebrities like Justin Bieber and Post Malone. Annual sales more than tripled over the last four years.
ADVERTISEMENT
The shoemaker has run into trouble among schools across the US that are banning Crocs due to safety concerns and distractions. The company has said the school restrictions are “baffling.”
Crocs shares were up 47 percent for the year through Monday’s close, while the S&P 500 index has risen 22 percent.
By Julia Fanzeres
Learn more:
Crocs to Buy Footwear Brand Heydude for $2.5 Billion
Crocs Inc said on Thursday it would buy privately owned footwear label Heydude for $2.5 billion in a cash-and-stock deal, as the rubber clogs maker looks to take advantage of the pandemic-led surge in demand for casual shoes.
© 2025 The Business of Fashion. All rights reserved. For more information read our Terms & Conditions
Few words are more overused in fashion, but the ones who do it right foster genuine customer loyalty and extraordinarily high levels of engagement, writes Imran Amed.
The shiny new storefront on Amazon Luxury did not distract investors this week from Saks Global’s deteriorating liquidity problem.
The department store is searching for a permanent CEO replacement after Kohl’s Corp.’s board discovered Ashley Buchanan, who had joined Kohl’s in January, had directed millions of company dollars to his then-undisclosed romantic partner.
China’s total e-commerce shipping plunged 65 percent by volume in the first three months of the year, but rose 28 percent in Europe.