Tony Hinchcliffe is an American comedian and writer who has a net worth of $10 million. Tony Hinchcliffe is known for his sharp, often controversial style of insult comedy. Born in Youngstown, Ohio, Hinchcliffe moved to Los Angeles to pursue comedy and began performing at The Comedy Store, where he developed his edgy style.
Hinchcliffe gained recognition as a writer for the Comedy Central Roasts, including the roasts of Justin Bieber, Rob Lowe, and Donald Trump. His ability to craft cutting jokes earned him the nickname "The Roastmaster General" within comedy circles.
In 2013, he launched his podcast "Kill Tony," which features aspiring comedians performing one-minute sets before receiving feedback from Hinchcliffe and guest judges. The show has developed a significant following and travels to various cities.
Hinchcliffe released his one-hour special "One Shot" on Netflix in 2016, filmed in one continuous take without edits. He also created and hosted "The Pony Hour" podcast and has toured extensively as a stand-up comedian.
His career has included both mainstream success and controversy. Hinchcliffe has opened for Joe Rogan on tour and appeared on various comedy shows, though his provocative style has occasionally sparked backlash. Despite controversies, he maintains a dedicated fan base who appreciate his unfiltered approach to comedy.
Tony Hinchcliffe was born on June 8, 1984 in Youngstown, Ohio to a single mother. He grew up in a rough neighborhood on the city's north side, and got into insult comedy as a defense mechanism. As a teenager, Hinchcliffe attended Ursuline High School, graduating in 2002.
Tony Hinchcliffe (Photo by Chelsea Lauren/Variety/Penske Media via Getty Images)
Hinchcliffe moved to Los Angeles in 2007 to pursue his comedy career. There, he began performing stand-up at open mics at the Comedy Store. Hinchcliffe also worked the phones and the cover booth there, eventually becoming a venue regular. He established a reputation at the Comedy Store for insulting other comics and audience members during his shows, and for addressing sensitive topics with sardonic humor. Beyond the venue, Hinchcliffe opened for comedians Joe Rogan and Jeff Ross on tour. Ross was so impressed with Hinchcliffe that he helped him get his first writing gigs, including on the "Comedy Central Roast" television series. For the series, Hinchcliffe contributed to the roasts of Justin Bieber, James Franco, and Rob Lowe. Also on Comedy Central, he wrote for the comedy panel show "The Burn with Jeff Ross" and appeared as a contestant in the first season of "Jeff Ross Presents Roast Battle."
In 2013, Hinchcliffe began producing and co-hosting the comedy podcast "Kill Tony," which was originally recorded at the Comedy Store. The show relocated to Antone's Nightclub in Austin, Texas in 2020, and later to Joe Rogan's Austin-based club the Comedy Mothership. On the podcast, Hinchcliffe, his co-host Brian Redban, and a revolving panel of comedians and various celebrities act as judges for amateur comedians. Meanwhile, in 2016, Hinchcliffe had his first one-hour stand-up special, entitled "One Shot." Shot in a single take with no edits, it premiered on Netflix. The following year, Hinchcliffe headlined the Monster Energy Outbreak Tour across 20 cities in the United States. In 2020, he released his second comedy special, "Making Friends," on YouTube.
In March 2025, Hinchcliffe expanded his reach by partnering with Netflix to produce a series of comedy specials. The inaugural special, showcasing his podcast "Kill Tony," premiered on April 7, 2025, and was filmed at The Comedy Mothership in Austin, Texas.
In October 2024, Hinchcliffe performed at a Donald Trump campaign rally at Madison Square Garden, where he made remarks about Puerto Rico that were widely criticized as offensive. The comments led to condemnation from both Democrats and Republicans, with the Trump campaign distancing itself from Hinchcliffe's remarks. In the immediate aftermath, some speculated that the comments could cost Trump the election. That proved to be false.
In May of 2021, Hinchcliffe performed a stand-up set at Austin's Vulcan Gas Company in which he directed a racist slur and other derogatory comments at Asian-American comedian Peng Dang, who had performed just before him. Additionally, he insulted audience members who had laughed at Dang's jokes. His racist diatribe was filmed and shown on Twitter, earning Hinchcliffe major pushback. Consequently, he was dropped by his agency WME and removed from shows he was scheduled to have with Joe Rogan in Austin. Moreover, Antone's Nightclub announced that it would cease being involved with Hinchcliffe and his "Killy Tony" podcast.
After years of living in Los Angeles, Tony moved to Austin, Texas, in 2021. According to an unconfirmed report, upon moving to Austin in 2021, Tony paid $3.2 million for a luxury condo somewhere downtown.
© 2025 Celebrity Net Worth / All Rights Reserved