Conor McGregor’s training camp is beginning to heat up as he comes within the two month mark of his long-awaited UFC comeback.
The Dublin native has been back at the gym for weeks as he gets back into fight shape for the first time since the summer of 2021 when he was defeated by Dustin Poirier at UFC 264. He suffered a gruesome broken leg that night and was stopped after just one round.
But he is now fully cleared medically, and after getting through the shooting and promotion of his film debut in Road House, McGregor is back in action. But having been out of fight camp for so long, he still has a few steps to take before his return fight.
After months of back-and-forth, promotional boss Dana White finally announced that McGregor would face Michael Chandler during a strange moment at the UFC 300 post-fight press conference. Reading from a notepad, he declared that the bout would take place at 170lb on June 29 at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.
A post shared by TIDL (@tidlsport)
McGregor had previously ‘announced’ those details in a video on social media posted during New Years Eve celebrations. But he claimed the bout would happen at middleweight, where neither he or Chandler have ever fought in their entire lives.
The fight will be a five-round main event, which is another wrinkle that has not gone the way of McGregor’s preference. He has been clear about wanting to warm up with a three-rounder, having not competed in three years.
McGregor’s head trainer John Kavanagh has been seeing a lot more of his most famous student in recent weeks as training has ramped up. The former two-weight world champion splits his time between an home sparring set-up and Kavanagh’s SBG Ireland HQ in Dublin.
“He’s looking super slick. He’s come back on the mats as sharp as ever of course we’ve got to get the rounds in and the conditioning up as to be ready for competition but his technique is as sharp as ever.” Kavanagh told Andy Stevenson of Severe MMA.
“I’ve said this from the start, I see similarities to the (Chad) Mendes fight, I’d be surprised if it goes two rounds, I’d be surprised. He just hits too hard, he’s too sharp. Is there going to be scrappiness and a few takedowns and stuff, maybe, but every round starts on the feet and his ability to get back there is underestimated, so I’d be surprised if we see two rounds.”
And in a recent tribute to Justin Bieber on Instagram, the Irishman let slip that he is still drinking as his fight camp begins to ramp up for the comeback. The Irishman shared a series of photos with his pop star pal as well as a message of support, in which he declared he would stop drinking this week.
A post shared by Conor McGregor Official (@thenotoriousmma)
“My brother @justinbieber, the Mac has your back for life!” McGregor wrote. “From Beverly Hills to the Bahamas! See you in Vegas bro, it’s game on, the Mac is back! Five more nights on the delicious and then that be that see ya’s tonight IM NOT F***ING LEAVING!”
He also shared a series of tags including his whiskey brand Proper Twelve, his beer company Forged Irish Stout and the actress Jennifer Salke.