By TERRY ZELLER and JAMES VITUSCKA and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  23:42, 30 September 2024   |  Updated:  12:48, 4 October 2024   
 60
View  comments
Hailey Bieber took a break from her new role as a mom, stepping out with her best friend Kendall Jenner in Hollywood on Sunday.
The 27-year-old model, who welcomed her son Jack Blues with husband Justin Bieber in August, appeared in high spirits as she and the 28-year-old reality star headed to a sushi restaurant for a relaxed outing.
Dressed in a cozy gray cardigan, the beauty pulled her sandy blonde hair back into a sleek bun and accessorised with Le Specs sunglasses as she made her way into Sushi Park in West Hollywood. 
Kendall followed closely behind in a black trench coat, showing off her newly dyed platinum hair. Both friends kept a low profile, sporting sunglasses as they made their way inside. 
The outing comes amid reports that Justin is determined to block out growing rumors about his connection with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, choosing instead to focus on his role as a first-time dad. 
Hailey Bieber took a break from her new role as a mom , stepping out with her best friend Kendall Jenner in Hollywood on Sunday
The 27-year-old model, who welcomed her son Jack Blues with husband Justin Bieber in August, appeared in high spirits as she and the 28-year-old reality star headed to a sushi restaurant for a relaxed outing
Combs, 54, was arrested in New York last week on charges of coercion and abuse. 
Following the indictment, Justin's past close relationship with the rapper has come under scrutiny, with resurfaced videos showing a 15-year-old Bieber spending '48 hours with Diddy' and partying together.
Bieber hasn't addressed the situation publicly, but fans have expressed concern about his noticeably 'thin' appearance. 
Now sources tell DailyMail.com that the singer feels he has no one to talk to about the Diddy revelations and is 'sailing these waters alone.'
'Justin feels like there is no one that he can talk to that understands and, to be honest, he doesn't even fully understand,' the insider explained. 'He was a kid.'
The source added that the fallout comes amid his current struggles to try and be a good parent having not had the best example from his own father, Jeremy Bieber.  
'Justin is stressed right now,' the insider continued. 'He has a baby boy and trying to be a good dad without having anything to reference what a good father is.'
Speaking to the fragile singer's emotional state, the source added: 'He is sailing these waters alone and everyone fears that if Hailey shows any struggles with being a first time mom then this is going to be incredibly difficult for Justin. 
Kendall followed closely behind in a black trench coat, showing off her newly dyed platinum hair
Both friends kept a low profile, sporting Le Specs sunglasses as they made their way inside
Kendall and Hailey have been close friends for years, often spotted enjoying vacations together and attending major fashion events side by side
The two bonded over their shared modeling careers and high-profile families, frequently posting about their adventures on social media
'Diddy could not have happened at a worse time as he is trying to experience the joy of being a father with the pain of having to deal with all of this.' 
Bieber announced the birth of his first child on August 23, and gave fans a glimpse of the baby's tiny foot and wife Hailey's hands.
'WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER,' the proud dad penned in the caption.
The former Victoria's Secret model also shared the post on her Instagram Story with the youngster's name and various emojis.
It came just weeks before Combs was accused of inducing female victims and male sex workers into drugged-up, sometimes days-long sexual performances referred to as 'Freak Offs.'
According to the indictment, he would allegedly use force, threats and coercion to get the women to engage with male sex workers in the 'Freak Offs,' described as 'elaborate and produced sex performances' arranged and directed by Combs while he masturbated and often recorded them.
The indictment further stated that some 'Freak Offs' would last for days, requiring Combs and victims to receive IV fluids to recover from the exertion and drug use.
Diddy pleaded not guilty to charges against him and was denied bail, despite his legal team's request for him to be released for $50 million and kept electronically monitored. 
Whether hitting the runway or relaxing on tropical getaways, they remain inseparable, with Kendall even serving as a bridesmaid at Hailey's wedding to Justin
The outing comes amid reports that Justin is determined to block out growing rumors about his connection with Sean 'Diddy' Combs , choosing instead to focus on his role as a first-time dad
Hailey and Justin's romance began as a close friendship, which eventually blossomed into a full-blown relationship in 2016
After a brief split, they rekindled their love in 2018 and quickly became inseparable, getting engaged in the Bahamas just a few months later
Dressed in a cozy gray cardigan, the beauty pulled her sandy blonde hair back into a sleek bun as she made her way into Sushi Park in West Hollywood
The couple officially tied the knot in a private courthouse ceremony in New York that same year, followed by a lavish second wedding in South Carolina in 2019
Hailey and Justin welcomed their son Jack in August
Kendall has kept her love life relatively private, though she has been linked to several high-profile figures, including NBA stars Ben Simmons and Devin Booker
Hailey's father is actor Stephen Baldwin
Combs' lawyer, Marc Agnifilo, said the 'Freak Offs' stemmed from the star's former on-again-off-again relationship with R&B singer Cassie, and were not coercive.
Prosecutors said they had interviewed more than 50 victims and witnesses, and are expecting the number to grow.
Bieber was just a child when he forged a friendship with Combs, and the singer most recently featured on the rapper's track Moment, which appeared on his 2023 album The Love Album: Off the Grid.
Following the album's release last October, Bieber reflected on his first encounter with Combs.
'I remember going to my brother Diddy's office to pitch him a song I wrote for him when I was like 14,' he wrote on Instagram. 'Sadly the song was trash haha and it would be a hard no from him.'
He continued: 'Fast forward to a few years ago Puff asked if I would freestyle something for his upcoming love album. Wild full circle moment, love you @diddy.'
Bieber, 30, was just a child when he forged a friendship with Combs (Pictured in 2010)
An insider told DailyMail.com: 'There is no one that he can talk to that understands and, to be honest, he doesn't even fully understand. He was a kid'
The source added: 'Diddy (seen in 2022) could not have happened at a worse time as he is trying to experience the joy of being a father with the pain of having to deal with all of this'
An insider previously revealed to DailyMail.com that Bieber deeply regrets having collaborated with the disgraced mogul last year, and would never have done so had he known the allegations that have since come to light.
They continued: 'He had a long break from Diddy when he believes most of this took place and he had distanced himself from him.
'He was featured on Diddy's most recent album, and had he known any of this, there is no way he would have done it.' 
In March, old clips of Bieber and Combs resurfaced shortly after Homeland Security raided the music mogul's properties in Miami and Los Angeles.
One video saw Combs standing next to the young pop sensation, aged 15, while telling the camera: 'He's having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose.
'But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream.'
The hip hop star added: 'I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of Usher when he did his first album.
'I don't have legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next forty-eight hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy.'
Creepy footage of Combs and Bieber first reemerged online after the rapper's properties were raided as part of the ongoing sex trafficking investigation earlier this year 
Bieber, wearing a black baseball cap and purple shirt smiles and looks up at Combs throughout the video, making small comments such as 'yeah' and 'full crazy.'
The video was posted to social media and triggered an outpouring of criticism and concern.
Another resurfaced clip saw the rapper grilling a 16-year-old Bieber on why he hadn't been speaking to him as much.
'What's up man, you good? Selling out arenas and everything?' Combs asked the youngster.
'Starting to act different, huh? You haven't been calling me and hanging out the way we used to hang out.'
Bieber appeared anxious as he responded to his musical colleague.
'I mean you tried to get in contact with me throughout all my... and what not... but you never got my number,' he said. 'I'm going to tell you my number.'
One clip showed a 16-year-old Bieber appearing anxious as he responded to Combs' questions
Another insider previously revealed to DailyMail.com that Bieber has been completely 'thrown' by the harrowing allegations and is grappling to make sense of them - especially given that he collaborated with Combs less than a year ago.
The source said of the fragile singer: 'Bieber is so disturbed by the Diddy news and is unwilling to process it or discuss it so he has shut off.
'So many people who helped to make him who he is were very close to Diddy and it has completely thrown him.
'Justin hasn't been responding on this since the home raids. He's not going to.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group