This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Fox News Flash top entertainment and celebrity headlines are here.

From Barbra Streisand awkwardly asking Melissa McCarthy if she uses Ozempic to Charlie Sheen accidentally tweeting his cellphone number to millions of social media followers, celebrity online flubs have long been present on the internet. And they keep getting wilder.
Some celebrities have caught backlash, while others fully embraced the public embarrassment and joined in on the fun. 
Barbra Streisand, Charlie Sheen (Getty Images)
Here's a look at some of the most memorable celebrity faux pas that sparked an internet frenzy.
BARBRA STREISAND ASKS MELISSA MCCARTHY IF SHE'S ON OZEMPIC IN AWKWARD SOCIAL MEDIA POST
On April 29, Melissa McCarthy posted photos with director Adam Shankman from an event she attended in celebration of choreographer and director Matthew Bourne. 
In a since-deleted comment, Streisand, 82, wrote, "Give him my regards did you take Ozempic?" referring to the FDA-approved Type 2 diabetes medication frequently used for weight loss.
Barbra Streisand commented on Melissa McCarthy's Instagram, asking if she'd taken the popular weight loss drug Ozempic. (Getty Images)
Many Instagram users immediately questioned if the "Funny Girl" actress had intended to ask McCarthy about her weight in a private message. "Does Babs know that we can all see that?" someone asked. "Babs giving major boomer energy here," another claimed.
But McCarthy was quick to respond.
Melissa McCarthy pointedly addressed the controversy between her and Barbra Streisand. (Melissa McCarthy Instagram/Getty Images)
In a video posted to Instagram, the "Bridesmaids" star has her face buried in a copy of Streisand's "Celebrating An Icon" magazine before she speaks directly into the camera.
"The takeaway," she said. "Barbra Streisand knows I exist. She reached out to me, and she thought I looked good," McCarthy shared. "I win the day."
"@barbrastreisand fan club members only!!!" she captioned the post.
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Charlie Sheen accidentally posted his personal cellphone number on X, formerly Twitter. (Penske Media)
In 2011, Charlie Sheen accidentally posted his phone number on X, formerly Twitter. 
In an attempt to direct message Justin Bieber (the reason why is still unknown), Sheen instead tweeted his digits. 
Along with his number, the tweet said, "Call me bro. C." 
According to E! News, Sheen received 1,800 text messages and countless phone calls in a matter of minutes.
At the time, a representative for the "Two and a Half Men" actor told the outlet Sheen was eating dinner at Guy Savoy restaurant in Las Vegas when the mishap took place. Instead of screening all the calls, he answered some of the phone calls by saying, "Ray's Pizza," or his infamous phrase, "Winning."
Tom Holland (Cindy Ord/WireImage)
Instagram Live can take a turn … fast. 
During a livestream in 2017, Tom Holland displayed the new poster for the "Avengers: Infinity War" movie, in which he starred alongside Mark Ruffalo. 
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Reading a letter from Ruffalo, Holland said, "Hi Tom, I’m so excited to be working with you on 'Infinity War,' I thought you’d like to be the first to see the poster for the movie. Enjoy, Mark Ruffalo,"
But fans were quick to notice the giant bold words that said, "CONFIDENTIAL. DO NOT SHARE." Holland caught on and immediately ended his livestream. 
Mark Ruffalo accidentally livestreamed the first 20 minutes of "Thor" in 2017.  (Rodin Eckenroth/WireImage)
Ruffalo couldn't be that upset with his co-star's online blunder, because one month earlier, he made a similar — if not, worse — mistake. 
While attending the "Thor" premiere in October 2017, Ruffalo participated in a backstage Facebook Live broadcast before the film began to publicize the film. 
However, he didn’t turn off the livestream before the movie started and ended up broadcasting the first 20 minutes to his followers.
"My phone was blowing up," he recalled during an appearance on "The Graham Norton Show." "Everyone and their mother was texting me from all over the world to tell me that my phone was on and I was live-broadcasting the movie.
"Of course, I’m a gentleman, so I don’t check my phone during movies."
Eventually, he was notified. "I pulled it out, and I was like, ‘Ohhhhh.... s---.’"
Ruffalo said Marvel Studios boss Kevin Feige reprimanded him immediately.
The next day, Ruffalo apologized. 
"I walk over to [Kevin] to say sorry, and he grabs me in a bear hug," Ruffalo recalled. "And he’s like, ‘That was genius! We got more press from that than the entire premiere! We couldn’t have imagined doing something that good!’"
Kim Kardashian shared details about her sex life on Hailey Bieber's YouTube series. (Dimitrios Kambouris)
In 2015, Kim Kardashian posed an important question for one of her go-to luxury designers at the time. The only problem? She misspelled his name. 
"Why did Georgio Armani discontinue my favorite foundation??? I'm on my last bottle & everyone I know uses this!!! Please make it again!" she tweeted. 
"Dear Kim - let us know which one you need and we'll send it to you. And Mr. Armani's first name is Giorgio," Armani's official account responded. 
"The shade," one user commented. 
Chrissy Teigen accidentally tweeted her email address in 2019.  (John Sciulli/Getty Images for go90)
In 2019, Teigen made an error similar to Sheen's, when she accidentally posted her email address to X.
"F--- I posted my email address lmao," she tweeted. 
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"oh my god people are FaceTiming me," she wrote in a followup tweet. 
At one point, Teigen documented a FaceTime call she actually answered with her mom, Vilailuck "Pepper" Teigen. 
"Hi, Ricardo, nice to meet you. This is my mom, thanks for calling me!" Teigen said in the video. 
Eventually, Teigen said she "disabled" her email and changed all her contact info.
Christina Dugan Ramirez is an entertainment writer for Fox News Digital. 
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.