Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
After Diddy's arrest, fans have been left speculating details surrounding Bieber's relationship with him.
Nov. 10 2024, Published 5:45 a.m. ET
Onetime 'Diddy' party pal Justin Bieber is finding it hard to outrun his murky past association with the disgraced rapper — and it sure isn't helping that an old video clip which is believed to date back to 2021 shows the rapper appearing to frisk the singer as they stood next to a black SUV. 
RadarOnline.com can reveal Justin is seen shaking his head “No" to a question from the now-jailed performer, 55, before the Bad Boy Records founder pats the younger chum's chest as if searching for something. 
"Paranoia," pronounced one viewer online.
"Trying to play it safe, nothing more," commented another.
Diddy is seen in the resurfaced footage patting the younger chum's chest as if searching for a wire.
All this is exploding in 30-year-old Bieber’s face now that Combs has been arrested for federal sex crimes and is being held without bail in a squalid Brooklyn holding pen.
Combs has been charged with racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution, amid tales of wild sex parties and the rapper quietly settling up with women who have accused him of rape and more.
In one case, he settled with. ex-galpal Cassie Ventura, 38, despite claiming his innocence – but he changed his tune when an old hotel surveillance video surfaced that showed him kicking and dragging the singer along a hallway.
'Diddy' appeared to frisk Bieber's torso.
The videos have prompted speculation over the nature of Combs' mentorship of Bieber as a teenage star.
In March, law enforcement agencies – including the Department of Homeland Security raided the former Sean John designer's mansions in Miami and Los Angeles, carting away 1,000 bottles of lubricant and three AR-15 rifles, according to a 14-page indictment released in September.
As the charges against Combs pile up, a team of lawyers said there are up to 120 MORE lawsuits in the hopper, including both male and female plaintiffs, as well as 25 who were minors at the time in question. 
The lawyers said one of the alleged victims was only nine at the time of the sex attack.
Combs is being accused of sexually assaulting a man during a New York City party in 2022.
Combs has vehemently denied all charges. But sources said Bieber is a basket case over being dragged into Combs’ spotlight and is "completely disgusted" by the allegations against his old pal as he also tries to cope with being a first-time parent to baby Jack, along with wife Hailey Bieber, 27.
"Justin is in a hard place mentally right now", spilled a source. "He has such a history with Diddy, and the allegations against him have been hard to process."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Combs is being held without bail in federal custody in Brooklyn.
In March, another video of the rapper and the “Baby” singer, then a teenager, surfaced.
"Where we hanging out and what we doing, we can't really disclose," said Combs on the video. "But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream!"
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.