E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 4:00pm, please email obits@dailylocal.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@dailylocal.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Keith Majka, President of the Atlantic Coast Old Timers and a well known figure in the world of vintage race cars, has secured Oct.12 at Hinchcliffe Stadium in Paterson, N.J., to be the site of this year’s ARDC Reunion.
The first midget race held at Hinchcliffe Stadium took place in August of 1934 and the last event was in 1950.
The stadium has been completely refurbished back to the way it was in its heyday. For more information on Hinchcliffe Stadium go to https://www.thehinchliffestadium.com/…/midget-car-racing
The event will be held rain or shine. As more information becomes available, I will pass it along.
If you have a vintage midget you would like to have on display at the reunion, please contact Keith at 551-486-0173, space will be limited.
San Diego has emerged as one of the cities where NASCAR is interested in hosting a future street race, according to people familiar with the matter, as the sanctioning body continues to explore the concept across America.
A source who has spoken with a senior NASCAR executive on the topic confirmed that NASCAR is exploring sites in Southern California. The Sports San Diego commission and the San Diego Mayor’s office both did not respond to requests for comment, while NASCAR declined comment. Meanwhile, NASCAR is said to have spoken to groups in other cities including Cincinnati, Baltimore, Pittsburgh and some from the Pacific Northwest.
NASCAR has one more year left on its contract to race in Chicago. The deal contains options for possible additional years, but NASCAR could elect to move on after 2025 and try the street racing concept in a different city.
NASCAR also explored buying a stake in the Long Beach Grand Prix, according to a report from Racer magazine in March, but was not successful. That NASCAR has explored bids in L.A., Long Beach and now San Diego points to how the racing series is looking for its next place to compete in California after selling off the majority of Auto Club Speedway in Fontana for $544M last year.
Anyone think they should consider Philadelphia? Just kidding.
So why does NASCAR stay with mid-and-late afternoon starts?
“I’d say it’s a balancing act, like almost everything that we do here,” NASCAR Senior Vice President, Broadcasting & Innovation Brian Herbst told Sports Media Watch on Wednesday.
Beyond having to balance the concerns of the tracks, the teams, the drivers, the sponsors and the media partners, NASCAR must also balance two separate groups of fans: those in attendance and those watching on television.
The impact of an earlier start on that television audience is not trivial. For every hour a race is moved back, NASCAR estimates a five percent viewership hit.
“If you look at it purely from a data perspective, you’re averaging 3 million viewers per event. That 10 percent from 3 p.m. to 1 p.m. is about 300,000 viewers, just broadly speaking,” per Herbst. “A recent example is the annual Cup Series race from Indianapolis Motor Speedway, which gained about 500,000 viewers after moving from a 1 p.m.ET start in 2021 to a 2:30 p.m. start in 2022. If the overarching goal is to drive fan interest in the sport and make sure there’s as many people that are paying attention to your sport as possible, trying to get those 300,000 extra viewers on a typical Sunday is important.”
Sometimes, NASCAR’s media partners will prefer an earlier start to accommodate their other properties; for instance, a 2 p.m. ET start for Talladega in October to ensure that NBC is able to air its nightly newscast at 6 p.m. For the most part, however, the trend is toward later start times due to the impact on viewership. Do not expect that to change with the additions of TNT and Amazon Prime next year. The networks, Herbst said, “like to see numbers — and so would we, frankly, on the league side — where we’re drawing in the biggest audience possible.”
Ultimately, even if a race starts early enough to more easily accommodate a weather delay, a rain-impacted race is still a rain-impacted race. In moving up its start times, NASCAR would be guaranteeing itself a smaller audience each week in order to merely lessen — not prevent — the negative impact of a rain-delay. The cost/benefit analysis simply does not work in favor of earlier starts, especially as rain-impacted races are still relatively rare.
NBC Sports has announced that veteran motorsports commentator Leigh Diffey will serve as the lead play-by-play voice for its NASCAR Cup Series coverage, beginning with the recent Sugar 400 at Daytona International Speedway, in primetime on NBC and Peacock, and continuing through the playoffs and season championship at Phoenix on Nov. 10.
NASCAR announced The Clash will come to historic Bowman Gray Stadium for the first-time as the opening exhibition event for the 2025 season on Feb. 2. The announcement was made by Ben Kennedy as part of pre-race for tonight’s NASCAR Advance Auto Parts Weekly Series event at the racetrack. This will mark the first NASCAR Cup Series event at the racetrack in 54 years. The Clash at Bowman Gray Stadium will be broadcast live on FOX.
“Bowman Gray Stadium has a storied history in motorsports, so we look forward to bringing the Cup Series back to this revered racetrack for the first time since 1971,” said Kennedy, Executive Vice President and Chief Venue & Racing Innovation Officer, NASCAR. “As NASCAR’s first weekly racetrack, Bowman Gray Stadium holds a special place as the original home to grassroots racing. With a history of intense competition, we are proud to host The Clash at the ‘The Madhouse.’”
To commemorate the return to Bowman Gray, NASCAR Studios and FOX Sports Films are producing a one-hour documentary entitled The Madhouse: NASCAR’s Return to Bowman Gray Stadium that will premiere on FS1. The film will explore the rich and rollicking history of the Winston-Salem venue while weaving a narrative that focuses on preparations for The Clash in 2025. It’s a story that intersects two unique worlds: the biggest motorsports series in North America, and the grassroots charm of small-town America at Bowman Gray Stadium. More details on the documentary, including when fans will be able to watch on FS1, will be released at a later date.
Built in 1937, Bowman Gray Stadium, a quarter-mile short track in Winston-Salem, N.C., holds a special place in NASCAR history as the longest-running weekly racetrack. In 1949, Bill France Sr. and Alvin Hawkins, two founding fathers of NASCAR, brought motorsports to the facility as the first weekly racetrack and first paved racetrack that NASCAR competed on. Earlier this year, NASCAR took over the long-term management of racing operations at Bowman Gray Stadium in partnership with the City of Winston-Salem.
Current NASCAR Cup Series drivers Alex Bowman, William Byron, Chase Elliott, Justin Haley, Corey LaJoie, Kyle Larson, Ryan Preece, Daniel Suarez, and Bubba Wallace have all competed in their professional careers at Bowman Gray Stadium.
My thought is, for those who might plan to attend the season opener at Bowman Gray, dress warm.
Remember when slugger Reggie Jackson was called “Mr. October” because he always seemed to shine during the World Series? Well, it may be completely appropriate to refer to Tim Buckwalter as “Mr. Kutztown”.
On Aug. 28, in the final point race of the season at Foley Cat Action Track USA on the Kutztown Fairgrounds, Buckwalter won his third All Pro SpeedSTR race of the year. That victory did two things for the driver from Douglassville, Pa. — it clinched his third consecutive (and fourth overall) SpeedSTR point championship, and it moved Tim into first place on the all-time SpeedSTR wins list at the Berks County oval.
Oh, and he is also the track’s winningest 600 Sprint racer, and he is a two-time point champ in the 600’s.
And, lest we forget, this year’s SpeedSTR point crown, his fourth at Action Track USA, ties him with Billy Pauch Jr. for the most titles in that division.
Delaware’s Preston Lattomus put on quite a show in winning the Hyper Racing 600 Sprint main, while Colin White sewed up his second point championship with a fourth place finish.
Tyler Hoch recorded his third All-Star Slingshot triumph of the year as his brother, Dylan, notched his fourth Slinger point crown at the track located across the street from Kutztown University. That ties Dylan with Brett Bieber for the most All Star Slingshot championships at Action Track USA.
And Carter Mullins, who makes the weekly trip to Kutztown from his home in Harrington, Del., finally captured his initial Junior Slingshot victory. While Mullins took Wednesday’s battle, Matthew Laubach won the war, as he nailed down his second straight Junior Slinger point championship.
On Sept. 21, the 54th annual Freedom 76 will be run for the 358 Modifieds at Grandview Speedway paying $30,062 to the winner. The program includes qualifying races, cash dash and the Minuteman 20 leading up to the 76-lap Championship main event. Pit gates open at 9 am, for inspections, Grandstand ticket windows open at 3 pm, with racing starting at 7 p.m. Fans will be able to enter the Grandstand areas between 9 am, and 12 Noon to reserve seats with blankets.
Adult Grandstand tickets on Saturday will be $40, students 10-15 with ID are $20, while children ages 9 and under are admitted free of charge. Pit admission will be $45, and no license is required. There will be no advanced tickets sold for this event, and the rain date is Saturday, September 28.
Ernie Saxton is an auto racing contributor for MediaNews Group. He co-founded the Eastern Motorsports Press Association, served as public relations director for Grandview Speedway for 47 years, and is in multiple halls of fame for his promotion and journalism related to the sport. He has announced races at more than 100 tracks, and he is the only person to have announced a race at Madison Square Garden. Email him at ESaxton144@aol.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group