Scooter Braun attends FXX, FX and Hulu’s Season 2 Red Carpet Premiere Of “Dave” at The Greek Theatre on June 10, 2021 in Los Angeles, California. Taylor Swift attends “Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour” Concert Movie World Premiere at AMC The Grove 14 on October 11, 2023 in Los Angeles, California.
There is probably no other group out there that is happier that Scooter Braun is retiring from managing than Swifties are. "23 years," the controversial music manager revealed on social media.
(Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images,)
In a lengthy, multi-slide post on Monday (June 17), Braun, 43, revealed he came to this decision after one of his “biggest clients” decided to go in a “new direction.” Back in 2023, we reported that Justin Bieber split from his longtime manager and hadn’t spoken to Braun “in months.”
A few days later, it was revealed that Braun was no longer repping top clients Ariana Grande, Demi Lovato, and Idina Menzel. Braun joked on X (formerly Twitter) at the time: "Breaking news… I’m no longer managing myself."
In the record executive's retirement post this week, he states: "We had been through so much together over the last decade, but instead of being hurt, I saw it as a sign. You see, life doesn’t hand you YOUR plan, it hands you GOD’s plan. And God had been pushing me in this direction for some time."
He also cited his family as a reason for the career shift, writing, “As my children get older, and my personal life took some hits, I came to the realization that my kids were three superstars I wasn’t willing to lose. The sacrifices I was once willing to make I could no longer justify it was time to step into a new role."
Braun's shifting his focus solely as the CEO of HYBE America, the US division of the South Korean entertainment juggernaut that managed BTS. It’s no surprise Swifties are coming for Braun, considering their feud sparked her decision to re-record her first six albums.
While Braun’s comments section has support from friends and followers (mostly verified accounts), Swifties are having a much different reaction. "23 years of stealing," wrote one person. "you have created a legacy of hurting your artists, ruining your reputation, sharing harmful misinformation and being nothing short of a disease in the music industry. your so called reign will not last because your behavior has been consistently unacceptable," added another."
Over on X, Swifties got even more defensive of the pop icon. One person wrote: "Like 8 years ago Scooter Braun was openly plotting his political career, then Taylor exposed his dirty empire, mad woman exposed his cheating a--, his wife left him, his OG cash cow became unable to function, his artists left him and now he’s one of the most hated men in America." Added another ruthless Swiftie: "Scooter Braun 'retiring' is one of the funniest things I have ever heard. Taylor said f--- around and find out and he did by losing all the artists he represented."
“All I could think about was the incessant, manipulative bullying I’ve received at his hands for years,” Swift wrote of Braun in a Tumblr post in 2019. “Essentially, my musical legacy is about to lie in the hands of someone who tried to dismantle it.” In 2022, Braun said Swift was "weaponizing a fanbase" against him.
Braun ended up selling Swift's masters to an investment group in 2020. He addressed he had regrets over the business deal in 2022. "I think that when you have a conflict with someone, it’s very hard to resolve it if you’re not willing to have a conversation," Braun said at the time. "So the regret I have there is that I made the assumption that everyone, once the deal was done, was going to have a conversation with me, see my intent, see my character, and say, ‘Great, let’s be in business together.’ And I made that assumption with people that I didn’t know.”

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!