Sean 'P Diddy' Combs has been accused of drugging individuals before sexually assaulting them by lawyer Tony Buzbee.
The 54 year old rapper may be facing lawsuits from 120 individuals who, according to Buzbee, are gearing up to sue Diddy over alleged sexual abuse. Sean denies all allegations made against him.
At a press conference, Buzbee relayed accusations that Diddy used horse tranquilizer to drug his victims. The Texas-based legal representative briefly touched on one alleged victim who was just 15 years old at the time.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Buzbee detailed how she was allegedly "flown to New York City to attend a party" prior to being drugged and "taken to a private room allegedly in the presence of Mr Combs."
The lawyer made the allegation: "This female individual was raped and then other individuals took turns raping her." Additionally, Buzbee discussed a 20 year old who was allegedly invited to a party with Combs in a hotel: "She was flattered, went to the party, was given one drink and doesn't remember anything else," the lawyer asserted.
He claimed that she was taken to hospital where doctors "found cocaine and horse tranquilizer in her blood system." The attorney said: "Several of the individuals were drug tested and drugs were found in their system."
He claimed they were "weird drugs, drugs that you probably never heard of." Buzbee made more startling claims and stated: "One in particular that continues to pop up is a drug called Xylazine, or tranq, which based on our research, is known as a horse tranquilizer."
Tony reportedly has plans to slap Diddy with lawsuits within the next 30 days. He further elaborated that the impending legal battles would involve accusers both male and female, ranging from age nine to 38 at the time the alleged abuse went down.
The allegations span over two decades, between 2000s and 2010s. In response to the claims, Diddy's lawyer Erica Wolff was quick to stress that Diddy "cannot address every meritless allegation in what has become a reckless media circus."
"That said, Mr. Combs emphatically and categorically denies as false and defamatory any claim that he sexually abused anyone, including minors. He looks forward to proving his innocence and vindicating himself in court if and when claims are filed and served, where the truth will be established based on evidence, not speculation."
If you or somebody you know has been affected by this story, contact Victim Support for free, confidential advice on 08 08 16 89 111 or visit their website.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.