Dave and Chuck the Freak talk about the luxury dorm trend on TikTok, lying to friends because you know they will be late, someone asked to pet a dog but what were they up to?, guy won $10M on a scratcher and tipped store owner with the lucky quarter, border agent told 4 women he had to see their boobs in order to enter the country, man called 911 over suspicious car, bride almost gets decapitated while getting ready for her wedding, people show up with donuts for kid whose lemonade stand was robbed, public WiFi scam, NASA is officially going to have Space X retrieve stranded astronauts, robots designed to clean up space junk, Babe Ruth’s called shot jersey at auction, Chargers players got stuck in hotel elevator for hours, notice of allegations for sign stealing delivered to University of Michigan, lead singer of Cancer Christ terrorized visitors at Yosemite National Park, Justin Bieber’s baby, Nicolas Cage to play John Madden in biopic, Tarantino’s opinion on Toy Story, Ted Lasso coming back for 4th season, box office numbers, Dave trying to sound upbeat, why did someone have to go to HR about you?, PhysEd teacher reported hooker for stealing his money, bear attacked a guy but guy killed it, truck spilled cases of beer on highway, the man with the world’s smallest penis, roller coaster malfunction, theme park closed and final paychecks bounced, dog set house on fire, father-son duo caught huge python, one of the largest diamonds ever found, more people are open to eating bugs, becoming more adventurous as your get older, man booked into jail for 75th time, off duty pilot who tried to crash plane speaks out, thief stealing trees, bear gets into a hot tub, not getting enough sleep, Canadian man with giant drug stash called police to report break-in, and more!
Jade and Andy let you know what’s going on in this weird world of ours with the right amount of awkwardness and humor!

We’re scouring the Stan and Haney archives, and we’ve come up with over 20 years of broadcasting gold… Stan and Haney “The Interviews 1997-today.”
Uncut and unedited.
Hear Music Icons, Hol [...]

Don’t have time to listen to the entire Dave & Chuck The Freak podcast? No worries, we’ve got you covered! Listen to Dave & Chuck The Freak’s Tasty Bits podcast and hear the tastiest segments [...]
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!