Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Plus where to play, eat and stay in Sin City during the big race, from Lewis Hamilton's exclusive package and trackside dinners with chef Gordon Ramsay to last-minute room and ticket deals.

							By 

	Melinda Sheckells

Contributor

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	The second-annual Formula 1 Heineken Silver Las Vegas Grand Prix will shut down the Las Vegas Strip from Nov. 21 to 23, turning one of the world’s most famous streets into a nighttime race track. The track officially goes “hot” from 5 p.m. to 2 a.m. each night. For a complete guide to the race, download the app here.

	Below, The Hollywood Reporter rounds up the best parties, viewing experiences and events in Sin City during the Las Vegas Grand Prix, plus what else to know about buying tickets, flights, hotel rooms and more. New events are being announced daily, so check back often for updates. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	The Las Vegas Grand Prix is a night race beginning Thursday, Nov. 21, at 6:30 p.m. PT. The F1 race takes place on the Las Vegas Strip Circuit from Thursday, Nov. 21, to Saturday, Nov. 23. The start line is at the Grand Prix Plaza building on the corner of Harmon Avenue and Koval Lane. The track stretches 3.8 miles through Koval Lane and Sands Avenue to Las Vegas Boulevard and Harmon Avenue. Here is the full list of practice and race dates and times:

	Vegas F1 tickets are still available on third-party resale platforms, including Gametime, SeatGeek, StubHub, VividSeats, Ticket Liquidator and Ticket Network. As of publication, the cheapest tickets for the main race start at $519 on VividSeats.

	One of the best deals on last-minute tickets to F1 Las Vegas is at Ticket Network, which is offering THR readers an exclusive $150 off orders of $500 with code THR150 or $300 off $1,000 and up with code THR300. Keep reading below for more of the best promo codes on Formula 1 Vegas tickets.

	For those traveling by plane, Harry Reid International Airport is among the easiest ways to arrive in Vegas for the F1 Las Vegas Grand Prix. 

	Among the best places to find last-minute flights and hotel packages online for F1 in Vegas are Booking.com, Cheapoair, Expedia, Priceline, Travelocity and United. Semi-private flight service JSX also has seats from select destinations to Vegas for F1 weekend, while Aero also recently added Las Vegas’ Harry Reid Airport to its routes.

	Caesars is also offering last-minute hotel room deals and up to 50 percent off shows and attractions during its Cyber Sale through Dec. 3; learn more here.

	










	Tote or backpacks are not to exceed 12” x 6” x 12” and must be transparent. Small handbags or fanny packs are not to exceed 6” x 9” and do not have to be transparent. Diaper bags are permitted when accompanied by an infant and subject to search. Click here for details on what not to bring and other FAQs.

F1 Viewing at The Cocktail CollectiveWhen Nov. 21–23Where Juliet Cocktail Room, Electra Cocktail Club and Rosina Cocktail Lounge at Venetian Resort, The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, 3355 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (866) 659-9643What Juliet Cocktail Room (Jeremy Renner recently hosted his “Heroes Fore Kids” Charity Weekend there, and Mark Wahlberg, Judd Apatow and Bryan Cranston have all visited) teams up with Moët & Chandon for a takeover featuring live entertainment and Champagne specials for a Prix Game Party beginning at 10 p.m. each night. “With a hot vibe, top-notch cocktails and the best live entertainment, it’s the place to be seen. You never know who you might encounter — celebrities, athletes, reality stars; everyone stops here. With Formula 1 returning, Juliet is a must-visit spot to catch all the excitement,” says Ryan Labbe, CEO and founder of 81/82 Group. Electra Cocktail Club teams up with Belvedere 10 for a takeover featuring live entertainment, cocktail specials and an all-day drink package for $100. Each race is shown on the 40-foot TV wall. Enjoy a Whiskey & Cigar experience hosted by Woodinville Bourbon at Rosina Cocktail Lounge. Savor premium whiskeys and indulge in expertly crafted cigars in a sophisticated atmosphere while enjoying the beats of a live DJ.Tickets Reservations at rosinacocktailounge.com, julietcocktailroom.com and electracocktailclub.com.

Mercedes Las Vegas ClubWhen Nov. 21–23Where Turn 4 Las Vegas CircuitWhat Mercedes-AMG Petronas F1 Team returns with a multi-level hospitality space in Turn 4, complete with impressive track views; gourmet food and beverages; a VR garage experience powered by Snapdragon; driver appearances; pit stop challenge experience involving a real F1 car and coached by the team’s mechanics; IWC Schaffhausen watchmaker station; and take-home Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS F1 Team swag. Las Vegas ringmasters Spiegelworld envision the Mercedes Supperclub with an interactive culinary experience, signature Superfrico cocktails and live DJ sets. Don’t miss the cozy apres-ski bar, Ski Lodge and special performances by Absinthe’s Hot Chicks on Sticks.Bonus Points Sunday morning, there is a post-race performance by legendary British House and Techno DJ Carl Cox. Tickets Email hospitality@mercedesamgf1.com for info and tickets.

Bellagio Fountain ClubWhen Nov. 21–23Where Bellagio Las VegasWhat The Bellagio Fountain Club is back with luxury viewing, dining and entertainment offerings right on the Strip. This three-day event puts you atop the iconic Fountains with a front-row seat for the Las Vegas Grand Prix Winner’s Stage, private indoor and rooftop hospitality decks and unlimited food and beverage throughout the weekend. Notable Vegas chefs such as Mario Carbone, David Chang, Alain Ducasse, Masaharu Morimoto, Jean-Georges Vongerichten, Yannick Alleno, Nyesha Arrington, Wolfgang Puck, Michael Mina, Christina Tosi, Bricia Lopez, Olivia Tiedemann, TJ Steele, Akira Back, Mark, Donnie & Paul Wahlberg and Michael and Bryan Voltaggio will rotate through the culinary outposts all weekend. Pop-up performances and open bars helmed by master sommeliers and mixologists will be sprinkled throughout too.Tickets $12,500; book packages on mgmresorts.com











Fountain Walk by MGM Collection with Marriott Bonvoy When Nov. 21–23Where Bellagio Las VegasWhat Marriott Bonvoy’s ultra-inclusive Fountain Walk will include entertainment row pit stops for Bellagio Fountain Club guests. Areas include an authentic LVGP “Pit Stop Challenge” where guests can simulate an actual pit crew experience with the help of Pirelli Tires, powered pit guns, full PPE and a stopwatch timer; a 1920s countryside-inspired golf boutique from Swingers Golf Club, with a “Ring For Golf” surprise and Vegas-inspired roulette wheel; a House of Suntory Tachinomi pop-up; a Memento real racecar simulator; a Bodyarmor Flash IV rehydration electrolyte beverage distributed in a race-inspired space with a DJ in the wings; the coveted “Recovery Lounge” by Hyperice; a “Botanist Tasting Bar,” with Remy Martin’s Botanist Islay Dry Gin and Maceoo’s retail features as adjacent offerings; and photo opportunities next to a custom “Las Vegas / Heineken Silver” sign and swing arch.Tickets Bellagio Fountain Club Packages

LIV on the GridWhen Nov. 21–23Where Paddock Club RooftopWhat LIV on the Grid is a three-day experience that includes all-inclusive food and beverage options and bottle service, preferred seating and pit lane walks, live entertainment and access to the brand-new Las Vegas Skate Circuit. As the highly anticipated nightlife headliner, Grammy-nominated music producer Dom Dolla will take over the rooftop stage on Saturday night. Guests can also access the East Harmon Zone and Heineken Silver Stage with their tickets for additional entertainment options.Tickets $13,500 per person plus taxes and fees, with two-ticket minimum purchase; email at sales@f1lasvegasgp.com or call 1-844-VEGASGP

Las Vegas Skate CircuitWhen Nov. 21–23Where Paddock Club RooftopWhat The 2,600-square-foot ice rink is accessible for all Paddock Club guests and is open during race weekend. Lounge seating and a bar serving signature drinks and sweet treats surround the rink. New skaters can use F1 team-branded skating aids to help them glide easily across the ice, but all skate levels are welcome.Bonus points The Skate Circuit is also an exciting inclusion for sought-after packages like LIV on the Grid.Tickets Included for Paddock Club guests

	










Red Bull Energy StationWhen Nov. 21-23Where Trackside at Turn 3The Red Bull Energy station will welcome thousands of race fans to partake in a 25,000-square-foot playground. This three-day ticket will serve gourmet bites with views of turns 3 and 4. A Red Bull F1 car and driver suit will be displayed, and Las Vegas DJ staples Zedd and Deadmau5 will headline the station on Friday and Saturday nights. The ticket includes appearances by F1 drivers Max Verstappen, Sergio Perez, Yuki Tsunoda and Liam Lawson.Bonus points At Red Bull Dance Your Style Exhibition, four professional dancers compete and the crowd picks the winner.Tickets Start at $12,000; buy online at Redbull.com

Club ParisWhen Nov. 21–23Where Paris Las Vegas; 3655 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (877) 796-2096What This three-day viewing experience stretches across Alexxa’s, Beer Park and Chéri Rooftop, and offers delectable food and beverage specials for race days. Beer and wine selections, spirits, desserts and gourmet American fare will be served in temperature-controlled venues with trackside seating. Lounge atop Chéri Rooftop with interactive games and entertainment to keep energy high for the three race days. Bonus points Chéri Rooftop offers a weekend brunch from Friday to Monday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. to start race week early.Tickets Starting at $450 for a single-day ticket; book at f1experiences.com

Papi Steak GarageWhen Nov. 21–23Where Paddock ClubWhat The Papi Steak Garage is a delicious three-day package including all the F1 accouterments. Ticket holders gain access to the East Harmon Zone and LIV on the Grid along with an F1 Paddock pass with rooftop access and shuttle transportation, a photo safari of key locations and guided tours with a lap around the track and host commentary. Trackside dining by Papi Steak is luxury out loud, serving a raw bar with Ossetra caviar and king crab legs, a carving station, prime hors d’oeuvre plates like hamachi tartare and wagyu sliders, sides and desserts.Bonus Points Gear up for the Podium Celebration after the flag is waved and prepare to be showered in confetti and sparkling wine. Tickets $35,000 per person; book by emailing sales@F1lasvegasgp.com or visit f1experiences.com











Gordon Ramsay’s GarageWhen Nov. 21–23Where Pit Building ZoneWhat Gordon Ramsay oversees his garage and brings a different theme each night to Ramsay’s Garage. His signature recipes bring nods to British cuisine alive, with special guests popping in at the stations. “Cool Britannia” finishes the race weekend strong with nods to classics like Yorkshire pudding-inspired selections, a Tomahawk carving station and salmon Wellington for a twist on the original.Bonus points Day two brings a pop-up of Ramsay’s Asian-inspired “eating house” — Lucky Cat — featuring sashimi and caviar stations; dishes like the Zanmai Omakase Treasure Chest with Lucky Cat’s raw selections and fresh wasabi; the Confit Duck Leg Bao with spicy hoisin, apple, pickled cucumber and bonito crust; and many others.Tickets: $35,000 per person; book by emailing sales@F1lasvegasgp.com or visit f1experiences.com

Lewis Hamilton Vegas PackageWhen Nov. 21–23Where West Harmon GrandstandLewis Hamilton’s number is making its mark for F1 2024. The seven-time Formula 1 champion is partnering with F1 to offer an exclusive package that includes 44 percent off tickets and complimentary food and beverages. Fans also receive a +44 hat with their purchase, as available. Tickets $672 plus taxes and fees; buy online at f1vegasgp.com











Drai’s Nightclub Viewing ExperienceWhen Nov. 21–23Where The Cromwell, 3595 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 777-3777What Drai’s, the infamous beach and nightclub combo at The Cromwell, hosts a lively viewing experience series for Formula 1. The Bungalow Package offers an enclave with a track view and nightly bottle service for up to six guests. The Table Package offers personalized service and a dedicated table, while admission provides standing-room access with televised race viewing. All packages include cocktails, beer, wine and food.Bonus points Don’t leave right after the flag is waved — the Beachclub will stay open for an hour each night after the race for further partying.Tickets Start at $1,500 for admission to all three nights; visit draisgroup.com to buy online

The Boulevard ExperienceWhen Nov. 21–23Where The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, 3708 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 698-7000Enjoy a rooftop watch party at The Cosmopolitan with The Boulevard Experience. This closed-circuit viewing spot at the Boulevard Pool is just above turn 14 and features unlimited snacks and non-alcoholic beverages, a cash bar and live music for viewers and partygoers alike.Bonus points Visit Jefferson’s Bourbon Outpost just below the deck, or stroll around the hotel to check out MoneyGram Haas F1 Team memorabilia, race helmet displays and a lobby full of artworks.Tickets Single-day general admission starts at $250 per person per day; book at cosmopolitanlasvegas.mgmresorts.com

The Venetian Resort Viewing ExperiencesWhen Nov. 21–23Where The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, 3355 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (866) 659-9643What Above the outdoor canals of The Venetian Resort, the Hospitality Deck offers superb track viewing—over 20 percent of the course—on one of the most important corners. Enjoy libations from Codigo 1530, Jefferson’s Bourbon and Absolut Elyx and Perrier Jouet champagne toasts. The Venetian Grand Colonnade features the BWT Alpine Formula One Team Car Display, part of the team’s signature experiences. Head to Black Tap Craft Burgers & Beer for a Grand Prix CrazyShake with cookies ‘n cream Hershey kisses and red M&Ms, a black and white cake slice and more toppings. Bonus points Get an exclusive early look at COTE, the only Michelin-starred Korean steakhouse in America, opening at The Venetian in 2025. Specialty cocktails and light bites will be served on the Hospitality Deck. Tickets Visit venetianlasvegas.com











Pole Position Ultimate Race WeekendWhen Nov. 21–24Where Four Seasons Las Vegas, 3960 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 632-5000What The Pole Position Ultimate Race Weekend hotel package curated by Four Seasons offers three days of VIP access for F1 fun, two race tickets with Paddock Club access, brunch experiences on The Veranda for daily indulgences, a three-night stay in a one-bedroom suite at Four Seasons Las Vegas and a welcome bottle of Ferrari Trento sparkling wine. As an exclusive offering, guests also receive an autographed, race-worn F1 suit or helmet of their choosing from the Hall of Fame Collection, including either Lewis Hamilton or Max Verstappen gear for an additional $10,000.Bonus Points Head underneath the hotel’s Grand Staircase to visit the Ferrari Trento Victory Lounge to witness an exhibit of driver’s suits and assorted memorabilia curated by Hall of Fame Collection founder Darren Jack. Ferrari Trento sparkling wine will be poured in the lounge, of course.Tickets Starting at $72,500; call (702) 632-5205 to book

Ultimate Race Weekend When Nov. 21–24Where Wynn Las Vegas, 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 770-7000What Wynn Las Vegas is returning to its packages and programming for race weekend. Each includes a three-night stay at a Wynn and Encore property and two F1 tickets. The Ultimate Race Week also includes a Las Vegas Grand Prix-hosted daytime “F1 Fan Experience” with F1 Academy team appearances, live entertainment, food trucks and more. Wynn Las Vegas will also host the Ultimate Race Week Pit Stop at the Encore Players Lounge featuring The Red Bull Pit Stop Challenge, RM Sotheby’s cars, race simulators and a Patrón Tequila pop-up cocktail experience.Bonus points Head over to Wynn’s South Valet to check out rare and limited-edition Bugatti models for a temporary display.Tickets Buy online at wynnlasvegas.com











Aston Martin Million-Dollar PackageWhen Nov. 21–24Where Fontainebleau Las Vegas, 2777 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 678-7272What Enjoy an upscale experience from start to finish with the Aston Martin Million-Dollar Package. The touchstone take-home includes an Aston Martin Vanquish, a supercar with just 1,000 units produced, reaching up to 214 miles per hour. This is the perfect high-end souvenir for F1, and this model balances luxury and functionality like nothing else. It includes a private round-trip flight for up to six guests with Aston Martin transportation from the airport, a $20,000 food and beverage credit, a private dinner for six at ITO, a $20,000 resort credit to play with and four memberships to Poodle Room, the opulent 67th-floor lounge. For the event, six tickets to the Fontainebleau Race Club suite are provided, and guests will enjoy five nights in the Fleur de Lis Chateau three-bedroom suite for their stay. A private buyout for Lapis Spa & Wellness can be redeemed later.Bonus points As an adjacent offering, check out the Aston Martin British Bloodline Experience, a collection of rare cars dispersed throughout the resort, until Nov. 25.Tickets Reach out to vip@fblasvegas.com or by phone at (702) 678-0088 to book

amfAR Las VegasWhen Nov. 22Where Wynn Las Vegas, 3131 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 770-7000Known for its star-studded galas and headline-making red carpets that take place all over the world during gatherings, including the Cannes and Venice film festivals, amfAR, whose mission is to end the global AIDS epidemic through innovative research, arrives in Las Vegas. In collaboration with RM Sotheby’s, the benefit honors Sylvester and Jennifer Stallone with the amfAR Award of Inspiration. Diana Ross will perform, and Jay Leno will host. amfAR has raised nearly $900 million in support of its mission and programs since it was founded in 1985.Tickets Visit amfar.org/lasvegas











Big Deal for One DropWhen Nov. 22Where Allē Lounge at Resorts World, 3000 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 676-7000What Resorts World hosts a charity poker tournament with One Drop and the WPT Foundation. Fifty-four players will buy in for $10,000 apiece. Proceeds will benefit the One Drop Foundation, the organization geared towards projects that work to provide safe and sustainable water sources for affected communities.Bonus points Guy Laliberté, founder of the One Drop Foundation and Cirque du Soleil, hosts and Phil Hellmuth emcees.Tickets Visit onedrop.org

F1 ACADEMY x The Female Quotient: Equality Lounge® @ Las Vegas Grand PrixWhen Nov. 22, 11 a.m. to 1:30 p.m.Where Casa Playa at Wynn Las VegasWhat The Female Quotient is partnering with F1 Academy to bring an event championing gender equality and women in racing to Casa Playa at Wynn Las Vegas. The organization works with junior teams to provide education and resources to help women succeed on and off the track, and this networking event will ignite conversations with industry tastemakers in the world of professional racing and professional endeavors.Tickets Invite Only

Casamigos House of Friends, Hosted by Ronn Nicolli When Nov. 22Where Viva at Resorts WorldTequila giant Casamigos ensures the libations flow at the exclusive second-annual House of Friends dinner at VIVA! in Resorts World, hosted by Resorts World CMO Ronn Nicolli. Tickets Invite only

	










VROOM RoomWhen Nov. 22 and 23Where Resorts WorldWhat Allē Lounge on 66 is this year’s home of the Vroom Room, a lifestyle event powered by Heineken, PATRÓN Tequila, and Dorsia and created with Corso Marketing Group and Race Service for Formula 1 fans. A special guest will join Kaz James as Friday’s headliner, with WhoMadeWho and Carlita featured as Saturday’s headliners. Dorsia members will have access to pop-ups and other lifestyle activations from midnight to 5 a.m. as the perfect post-race venue to capture content and be seen.Tickets Email access@corsomg.com for tickets and tables

The After at DelilahWhen Nov. 23Where Delilah at Wynn Las Vegas, 3131 Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 770-7000What The After By Wynn at Delilah Las Vegas is arguably the most exclusive off-track event. Last year, every celebrity in town made an appearance, including Odell Beckham Jr., Justin Bieber, Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Casey Affleck, Brooklyn Beckham, James Harden, Sofía Vergara, Jon Hamm, Shaun White, Wiz Khalifa, Leon Bridges, Ashley Graham, Damson Idris, Karlie Kloss and Michael Rubin. It’s back in 2024 and promises to be another winner.Tickets Invite only

Almave Takeover When Through Nov. 25Where Wynn Las VegasWhat Lewis Hamilton’s non-alcoholic tequila alternative brand Almave is taking over Wynn Las Vegas for Race Week. Almave cocktails will be served across several different restaurants and bars such as Overlook, Aft, B Bar, Parasol, Lobby Bar and the High Limit and Tower Suites will feature a signature margarita, while Casa Playa, Tableau and Eastside Lounge will build on that concept with creative custom Almave-based cocktails such as Tamarindo margaritas, Almave Carajillos and Palomas. There’s even a dedicated Almave pop-up at Eastside Lounge from 4–730 p.m. on Friday and Saturday.Bonus points The “Almave Circuit” will be available at other spots on the Strip, such as Proper Eats Food Hall at ARIA, Chayo Mexican Kitchen, Sushi Roku Las Vegas and Carversteak at Resorts World.

SirDavis American WhiskyWhen Nov. 21–23Where The Vault at Bellagio Las VegasWhat The Vault, the ultra-exclusive secret bar at Bellagio Las Vegas, hosts a SirDavis whisky takeover for Formula 1 weekend. Pouring the spirit created by Beyoncé Knowles-Carter in partnership with Moët Hennessy, the reservation-only event will feature cocktails like the Honeybee.Bonus Points From 8 p.m. to 12 a.m. every night, the Master’s of Mixology Series will featuring Giorgio Bargiani of The Connaught Bar.Tickets: Reserve on sevenrooms.com











Shoey Bar at BellagioWhen Nov. 21-23Where Bellagio Las Vegas, 3600 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 693-8100What Shoey Bar is back at Bellagio for a second year. Over 2,500 golden shoes line the bar, creating the perfect backdrop for memorabilia and photo ops. Music, merchandise and bespoke cocktails served inside shoes will be available for patrons, and a “Shoe-ski” will be knocked back by two to four people. Drinking out of mini ceramic shot glasses with their miniature shoe boxes tops off the trip with a souvenir to remember. Bellagio Fountain Club package buyers who purchased in September can finally enjoy their limited-edition Golden Shoey.Bonus points Grab a SPARCO-brand Shoey in collaboration with the motorsport clothing company.Tickets More information at mgmresorts.com

Rock After Dark BarWhen Nov. 21–23Where The Neon Garden at the entrance of the Paddock ClubWhat The Rosé After Dark Bar will host a glimmering nighttime spectacular with special beverage offerings. Rock After Dark is the sister wine to Whispering Angel, the official rosé of the Formula One Las Vegas Grand Prix.Bonus points The glowing bottle will be released nationwide in 2025, and the exclusive Magnum size will debut for the first time at the Las Vegas Formula 1 Grand Prix.Tickets: Shop Paddock Club tickets to try the wine at f1experiences.com

Shaun White’s PATRÓN G.O.A.T. CircuitWhen Nov. 22, 2–5 p.m.Where Encore Players Lounge, Wynn Race & Sports Book, and Overlook Lounge inside Wynn and Encore Las VegasLegendary professional snowboarding champion Shaun White has declared Patrón Silver his tequila of choice, and his G.O.A.T (“Greatest of All Tequila”) Margarita is available across Wynn Las Vegas for race weekend. Catch Shaun at three choice locations inside the resort, mixing additive-free PATRÓN Silver into margaritas for race fans and buying drinks for spectators.

	










Race Week Brunch at DelilahWhen November 23, starting at 11 a.m.Where Wynn Las VegasWhat F1 weekend brunch at Delilah takes a step back into the golden days with live music and a glamorous daytime twist on an already luxurious weekend. Tickets Reserve at wynnlasvegas.com

Race Day Brunch at KomodoWhen Nov. 23Where Fontainebleau Las Vegas, 2777 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (702) 678-7272What Fuel up for race day with Southeast Asian-style Race Day brunch at Komodo. A seafood-forward brunch with a shellfish station of West Coast oysters, a hand-carving station with Peking duck and a chateaubriand roast, decadent desserts and dim sum are on deck for race weekend, all served alongside live entertainment.Tickets Starting $125 for the brunch buffet; reserve at fontainebleaulasvegas.comBonus points Beverage package tiers to enhance the brunch offerings: $185 for food with select beverages and $375 for the premium option.

IndulgeWhen Nov. 23, 1:30 to 4 p.m. Where Ayu Dayclub at Resorts WorldWhat Ayu Dayclub at Resorts World is the setting for a significant culinary takeover (curated by Industry Only) by the best out-of-town restaurants, including Camphor, Chimmelier, Holy Basil, Ospi, Prince St. Pizza, Tacos 1986 and Dorasti caviar bumps to boot. Drinks are unlimited and will include Big Noise beer, a Bites & Bashes cocktail bar with interactive features, KACE Tea, Liquid Death, Casamigos, and the Vegas debut of Erewhon.Tickets rwlasvegas.com

Louis XIII Pop-Up BoutiqueWhen Through Nov. 30Where Wynn Las VegasWhat The Louis XIII pop-up retail experience, which made a triumphant debut last year, returns to Wynn through November 30. The boutique will feature an assortment of the brand’s classic range alongside limited editions, including The Iconic Collection, Rare Cask 42.1, The Drop Collection, Accessories, and two collector’s edition hand-crafted coffrets with gold leaf animations of Wynn Las Vegas and Las Vegas Grand Prix, available exclusively when purchasing the Louis XIII Classic Decanter.

	










Ferrari Trento Podium BottleWhen Nov. 21–23Where OnlineWhat A ceremonial treasure for more than just display, the Ferrari Trento Podium Bottle is handpainted and limited to a five-bottle run for first, second and third-place winners and the constructor, along with the auction winner. Themes of spontaneity, rebellion and American ingenuity drove the designs for the bottle. Auction proceeds will be donated to Keep Memory Alive, the fundraising efforts for the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain Health.Bonus points The winning F1 drivers will sign the auction bottle of this sparkling wine.Tickets Visit f1authentics.com

Golf Wang/+44 Retail ExperienceWhen Nov. 20–24, Nov. 27–30; 10 a.m.–9 p.m.Where Encore Beach Club at Wynn Las VegasWhat Tyler, The Creator has teamed up with Lewis Hamilton to create a collaborative fashion collection including a moto jacket, rally work jackets, casino-themed all-over print rayon button-up shirt and an assortment of jersey essentials. Unique accessories like tire caps, a tire pressure gauge, an air freshener, a key lanyard and more are available.

Lids x New Era F1 In-Store ActivationWhen Nov. 22–23 from 12 to 4 p.m.Where LIDS Locker Room, 3791 S Las Vegas Blvd.What: At the Lids Locker Room store, New Era will have a miniature F1 circuit where shoppers can race a remote-controlled car to win Formula 1-related prizes. Shoppers can access the New Era Grand Prix by purchasing New Era products. 











American Express Formula 1 Merchandise HubWhen Until Dec. 2Where The Venetian Resort Las Vegas, 3355 S. Las Vegas Blvd.; (866) 659-9643What This year’s merchandise collection with the Formula 1 Heineken Silver Las Vegas Grand Prix 2024 will feature the official 2024 Las Vegas Grand Prix collection, a Peanuts collection with both adult and children’s apparel, Vegas Golden Knights jerseys, apparel with the Las Vegas Raiders and a 22-piece capsule collection with Malbon Golf.Tickets Visit the F1 Las Vegas Hub to shopBonus points Exclusive Golden Knights jerseys will only be available at the F1 Las Vegas Hub and the Paddock Club merchandise shop, along with apparel from sports and streetwear brand The Wild Collective.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.