Alaia Baldwin Aronow has been arrested after an unruly incident at a bar.
Hailey Bieber’s 31-year-old sister was taken into custody on Saturday after allegedly throwing tampons at an employee, and attacking two others.
According to reports, she has been accused of assaulting three members of staff at Club Elan, in Savannah, Georgia, and refused to leave the venue.
TMZ reports that the owner called police over an unruly customer, thought to be the influencer, daughter of Stephen Baldwin.
It was claimed that she used an employee-only bathroom at the venue on Saturday evening and, upon being told that she needed to use the public restroom, she became ‘belligerent and combative’.
She was accused of pulling the hair of a security guard when he tried to wrangle her, and kicked another in the groin.
When a female bartender went into the bathroom, Alaia is said to have explained that she needed to be sick and to change her tampon.
They reportedly waited for some time before checking on her, when she allegedly threw a tampon at them.
An officer who responded to the scene told the outlet that she claimed she was defending herself, and that everything was blown out of proportion.
A spokesperson for Savannah Police Department told Metro.co.uk in a statement: ‘SPD arrived at Club Elan at roughly 2:30 am on Feb 24 in response to calls about a physical altercation. 
‘Ms Aronow had left the establishment. She later contacted police that evening via phone, and police met her at a residence in the city. 
‘She was taken into custody and charged with simple assault, simple battery, battery and criminal trespass.’
Alaia has yet to speak out publicly over the allegations, but it is unclear whether she has been active on social media following the arrest.
It comes after the Baldwin family were thrown back into the spotlight when Stephen pleaded for ‘prayers’ for daughter Hailey and her husband, Justin Bieber, sparking fears for the couple.
The pair tied the knot five years ago but have stepped back from the public eye in recent months.
However, this all changed on February 26 when Christian influencer and All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx, who is close to the Baldwins, shared a post pleading: ‘Christians, please when you think of Justin and Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and to draw close to the Lord.’
With no further explanation, Stephen then shared the post to his story – which later disappeared.
While there are little details as to why Hailey and Justin seemingly need prayers, Victor wrote in a caption alongside the post that there are ‘special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face … they often face spiritual warfare that … seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage and life in general.’
Understandably, this led to concern for the lovebirds and intense speculation and support on social media.
While neither have addressed anything, TMZ reports that the model isn’t pleased with her dad for ‘drawing attention to them’.
Metro.co.uk has contacted reps for Alaia and the Savanna Police Department for a comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Kirstie Allsopp’s partner leaves locals fuming after buying Kensington pub and naming it after her
Arrow
MORE: Eamonn Holmes, 64, shocks fans with youthful looks in new photo