Happy Father's Day, indeed.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

It’s pretty amusing when you find two celebrities who look enough alike that they get confused for each other. Reese Witherspoon and Carrie Underwood, for example, were flattered to find out people think they resemble each other. Hit Man star Glen Powell, meanwhile, has said he gets confused for This Is Us’ Justin Hartley. Some comparisons are just too easy not to make, and that’s been the case for Paul Wesley and Justin Bieber. For years people have noted their similarities, and I love that the running joke continues with Wesley’s former co-stars from The Vampire Diaries. 
In a recent Instagram post, Ian Somerhalder had everyone drooling over the Salvatore brothers again, when he posted a throwback photo of himself with … Justin Bieber? It was, in fact, the Biebs and not Paul Wesley — who played Damon’s younger brother Stefan on The Vampire Diaries — in the photo, which you can see below: 
A post shared by iansomerhalder (@iansomerhalder)
A photo posted by on 
By posting that photo, Ian Somerhalder appeared to be referencing Justin Bieber and wife Hailey expecting their first child by referring to them in the caption as “two dads hanging out,” but what makes it so hilarious is how much Bieber resembled a young Paul Wesley back then. In fact, plenty of commenters on the photo actually did think it was Wesley, causing a lot of confusion amongst the fans. 
The Stefan portrayer himself even weighed in, with Paul Wesley writing:
Ian I think we need to take your phone away at this point.
The best part of this to me is that The Vampire Diaries cast is still recalling this running joke that we first became aware of so many years ago. 
The resemblance between the actor and the “Love Yourself” singer is nothing new. In fact, it drew a lot of attention when it was pointed out by E! News in 2020, and it wasn’t just the fans who agreed. Paul Wesley jokingly confirmed a genetic connection to Justin Bieber when he commented: 
He's my son.
Nina Dobrev, who co-starred on The Vampire Diaries with Paul Wesley and Ian Somerhalder, took it a step further when she tagged the Stefan actor in her own comment, saying: 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
our love child
That was already enough to send TVD fans into fits three years after the beloved CW show ended its run, but Paul Wesley had one more response, seemingly reaching out to their son, aka Justin Bieber, to say: 
#proudparents #wemissyouson #callusback
If these bonding moments between the former co-stars have you missing all the supernatural teen drama, you can stream all eight seasons of The Vampire Diaries on two of the best streaming services — Max and Peacock. Also be sure to check out our 2024 TV schedule to see what other series are premiering soon. 
Heidi Venable is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend, a mom of two and a hard-core '90s kid. She started freelancing for CinemaBlend in 2020 and officially came on board in 2021. Her job entails writing news stories and TV reactions from some of her favorite prime-time shows like Grey's Anatomy and The Bachelor. She graduated from Louisiana Tech University with a degree in Journalism and worked in the newspaper industry for almost two decades in multiple roles including Sports Editor, Page Designer and Online Editor. Unprovoked, will quote Friends in any situation. Thrives on New Orleans Saints football, The West Wing and taco trucks.
Paget Brewster Shared The Story Behind A Wardrobe Mishap She Had While Working With Matthew Perry On Friends, And The 'Gentlemanly' Way He Handled It
Christopher Meloni Revealed F-Bomb-Filled Things People Yell At Him While Filming Law And Order On The Streets Of NYC: 'That Kind Of Blew That Take'
Star Wars: Tales Of The Underworld Reveals How Asajj Ventress Came Back To Life, And I Had To Ask About The Major Moment

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.