ARIZONA NEWS
Feb 21, 2024, 10:00 AM
Country music singers Dan + Shay announced a Phoenix stop this summer on the duo's upcoming tour. (Getty Images File)
(Getty Images File)
BY KTAR.COM
PHOENIX — Country singers Dan + Shay announced a Phoenix stop this summer on the duo’s upcoming tour.
The pair will take their “2024 The Heartbreak On The Map Tour” to Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre on Sept. 5.
Special guests Jake Owen and Dylan Marlowe will also be in attendance at the Valley show.
Presales are already underway for Citi card members, and tickets for the general public go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday.
Dan + Shay quickly rose to fame in 2018 following the release of “Tequila.”
They found more success after collaborating with Justin Bieber in 2019 to release “10,000 Hours,” which ranked at No. 4 on Billboard’s Hot 100 for 30 weeks.
The last time the duo performed in the Valley was at Glendale’s Desert Diamond Arena in 2021.
Dan + Shay will begin the first leg of their tour on Feb. 29 in South Carolina and they will wrap the second-half of the tour on Sept. 21 in Colorado.
Follow @KTAR923
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
David Veenstra

                                            A man is in critical condition after he was shot multiple times in a parking lot outside Casey Moore's Oyster House in Tempe on Saturday.                                        
8 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            The Arizona Department of Public Safety issued a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Goodyear man with a medical condition who had gone missing.                                        
10 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            A man was arrested after allegedly stabbing his roommate to death in north Phoenix on Friday, according to authorities.                                        
11 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Water goers throughout Arizona can exchange their old life jackets for new ones this May, thanks to the Arizona Game and Fish Department.                                        
12 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Self-screenings for HPV are now being offered at Sonora Quest Laboratories in Arizona, the medical company announced on Tuesday.                                        
14 hours ago
KTAR.com

                                            Authorities canceled a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Phoenix woman with a cognitive condition who went missing on Wednesday.                                         
16 hours ago

                                Bright Wealth Management                            

                                Whenever retirement falls on your timeline, it is important to be aware of your financial footprint so that market uncertainty doesn't lead to undue stress.                            

                                Collins Comfort Masters                            

                                As the chill of winter fades and the warmth of spring approaches, it's the perfect time to ensure your AC system is ready for the changing season.                            

                                Midwestern University                            

                                What if one of the best health care providers in your area wasn’t a big hospital or a corporate chain—but a place you’ve driven past without even realizing it? The best care is closer than you think.