Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Hailey Bieber showed off her growing baby bump as the stylish model cradled her blossoming tummy in a pink butterfly sequined crop top. The star is expecting her first child with husband Justin Bieber, 30, and decided to give fans an insight into her maternity looks. 
Hailey, 27, was glowing as she showed off her outfits which included pairing the sequinned top with a pair of baggy jeans. The collection of snaps also saw her showing off her growing stomach as she sipped on an iced coffee while flashing her huge engagement ring in a white folded-up t-shirt and cap.
Updating fans on how she's been feeling, Hailey captioned the images: "the past few weeks have been," followed by a chick hatching from an egg and a sleepy emoji.
Showing what else she and her Baby Hitmaker husband had been up to, she also posted a gorgeous ocean sunset and her pooch relaxing in bed. 
On 9 May, Hailey took to Instagram to announce their exciting baby news with a sweet video as she unveiled her baby bump for the first time.
The couple also revealed they had renewed their vows to celebrate, as Hailey posed in a white sleeveless lace dress and matching headscarf, with her growing bump on show. 
Justin, meanwhile, sported a backwards baseball cap, jeans, and a white shirt under a navy jacket as they performed a redo of their nuptials.
The vintage-style footage also showed a loved-up clip of the two sharing a kiss, with Justin relaxing with what appears to be a glass of wine. And it wasn't long before fans of the couple claimed they had "worked out" the gender of their baby after a "obvious clue" in their pregnancy announcement.
 One eagle-eyed fan speculated: "BOY! looks like justin is wearing navy blue hat and jacket - possible hint? its hard to tell the coloring by the pics but u can tell its blue when comparing to the dark pants hes wearing with the outfit which are obvi black.", reports the Mirror. Meanwhile, a third was betting on: "I think maybe a boy! ! ". 
Another chimed in with: "A boy would be so cute but seeing Justin with a baby girl would be precious too. I hope they keep the kid out of social media though and continue keeping their relationship more private." Meanwhile, a third was betting on: "I think maybe a boy!"