In between the release of her debut album and the start of her headlining tour, the 29-year-old artist opens up about finding hope, happiness, and fame
Tems burst onto the scene several years ago with a sound, image, and vibe that made the global audience instantly take notice: Here, everyone seemed to agree, was a star, not just in the making, but nearly fully formed—in her own words, a “butterfly” emerging. At Bazaar, we felt she had to be a part of our August fashion portfolio, a fall preview modeled by the performers and characters who help us see and understand the world more expansively. See the full portfolio, and read on for more from Tems.
Nobody sounds like Tems. You likely first heard Temilade Openiyi, professionally known as Tems, in the summer of 2020, after she was featured on Wizkid’s single “Essence,” which peaked in the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 chart following the release of a remix with Justin Bieber. Since then, the 29-year-old Nigerian singer, songwriter, and record producer has released two albums, performed at Coachella, and bobbed and weaved her way through any box the music industry has tried to put her in. 
Nobody dresses quite like Tems, either. Maybe you first noticed her at the 2023 Oscars, where she wore a showstopping and meme-making white sculptural gown by Lever Couture. It featured a dramatic cloudlike projection that enveloped Tems and also obscured views of the stage for those sitting behind her. “The dress is my way of celebrating my work and the people around me, celebrating my country, and celebrating the people that are rooting for me,” she told Bazaar at the time. “This dress says ‘Yes, yes, I am here!’ ”
She certainly is. When I meet Tems over Zoom, her voice is just as warm and inviting as it is on her hit records. (Her full-length debut, Born in the Wild, will be released on June 7, after our conversation.) Over the next hour, she tells me about the performers she admires, her performance style, and the highs and lows of a career that took her from college student to Grammy winner in just a few years. She, for one, seems genuinely shocked by her success—even if the rest of us are not. 
My very first performance was in South Africa when I was in school. I had these friends that were also trying to be artists. There was a rapper, there was a singer, and there was a producer. We were making music a lot after school, and we got an opportunity to open for someone in Mahikeng, in Joburg, and we took a road trip. My whole body was shaking. My leg was shaking, my voice was shaking, my blood was shaking. Everything was shaking. 
I’m very picky. I’ve always been very picky with what I do with my time. When I’m interested in something, I focus on that thing until something else grabs my attention. Music was the first thing that caught me. And  I haven’t found anything else that can tear my attention away from that. 
I was 21 when I started thinking about being an artist. Before that, I just really loved music. I never thought of releasing it. It was my cousin who used to be like, “Why aren’t you posting this online?” I’m like, “Because I’m fine. I’m actually fine enjoying my own music by myself.” Music was just for me—it was a hobby, but it was a super intense, passionate hobby. It was only after people around me that loved me encouraged me to put myself out there. That’s when that whole thing started.
I find a beat that feels good and a beat that makes me feel something. Then I just freestyle my way through.  
Sade, Diana Ross, Tina Turner. I don’t remember what age I was when I first heard a Sade song. But there’s a part of her music that resonates with me internally. Performance-wise, she exudes that feminine energy that is just transcendent. She looks like she is from another planet.  I’m still finding my own legs, but these are the people I look up to when it comes to performing. 
Coachella. That was beautiful. That was my first performance this year. I was going in blind. I’d heard of Coachella, I’d seen the pictures, but actually experiencing it—it’s something that I just didn’t have context for. And going there, just the reception alone, before I even brought out anybody, everybody was vibing. I was like, “What? This is crazy. This is insane.” But it felt like it was in sync. 
Character, I think, is a summation of a person’s values. I don’t think I have to play a part when I perform, but I’m a hundred percent focused on performing only. Nothing else matters. None of the doubts matter. I don’t worry when I’m performing, I’m just here to do what I need to do. I think that’s what character is. It’s just an embodiment of what you believe. 
If it’s ever possible in this life, my ultimate dream is Sade.
Yeah, exactly—we’ve put it out there. And Frank Ocean. How can I forget my GOAT? Frank Ocean is my ultimate. He’s side by side with Sade. Let’s choose those two. 
I still think I’m on a journey to being someone who is in her full blossom. That’s what I’ll say. Performing-wise, I’m having fun. That’s the key: just having fun and not criticizing yourself. But also working on yourself constantly. 
Yes. I’ve experienced so many things that have allowed me to let go and have allowed me to heal, have allowed me to have fun, and finally feel that freedom that I’ve been looking for. Honestly, it was always an internal thing. The freedom anyone is looking for is always internal. I’m just glad that internally, I know myself now. I know who I am, and I’m unwavering in my mind. Even when I make mistakes, I’m just still me, always, which is actually a relief. 
I’m just happy. I’m happy with this new album being diverse and a new season. I can tell it is just going to be something that I haven’t experienced. After the release of it, actually, the feeling of “Okay, it’s finally out”—it already feels incredible. I’m just really excited now, for the first time. I didn’t feel a lot of excitement in the past. But I’m so excited for life now. 
It’s not one experience, but actually, it’s a lot of the “mistakes” that I thought I had made. Before, internally, it’s something that I would ruminate on. But I don’t any longer. I just do the work. Mistakes are meant to happen. In fact, I think I’m so happy now for them. I’m actually like, “Huh, now I learned that this is the real thing. I just learned a new lesson.” And I’m not bullshitting you. Things not going the way I planned is actually a blessing for me.
For Broken Ears would be the cocoon, and Born in the Wild would be the butterfly.
I didn’t think about people’s reaction, actually. I’ve not thought about that. I’ve not even thought about how I’m going to perform it yet. But I want it to be an Electric Slide. I just imagine the audience, like me and my fans at my show, just Electric Sliding the whole way. 
Where I am now is past whatever I was thinking. The idea I had that I was going to be—this is bigger than that. So now, I’m just going for the ride.
This interview has been condensed and edited for clarity.
Styling: Carlos Nazario; hair: Jimmy Paul; makeup: Yadim for Valentino Beauty; manicure: Dawn Sterling for Nail Glam; production: Day International; set design: Griffin Stoddard; special thanks to Please Space Studios.
All The Women I Met in Jail
What Happens to My Money Now?
When A White Supremacist Moves Next Door
When a President Knew Diversity Was a Superpower
Run Clubs Are 2025’s Hottest Dating Trend
Bringing Up Baby2Baby
Martha Stewart and My Mother the Hoarder 
What Happens When the VA Fails Veterans?
Power Lifting Made Me a Better Writer
True Crime and Black Histories
I Got Offline to Relearn My Love of Journaling
I Don’t Envy Celebrities Going Through Breakups
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.