Justin Bieber's wife Hailey has shared unseen photos of their wedding to mark their late friend and designer's birthday.
Hailey took to her social media to post the never before seen snaps which showed off her stunning dress. The new mum's wedding dress was designed by Virgil Abloh, who passed away in 2021.
Hailey shared the post to celebrate what would have been his 44th birthday. The 27-year-old wrote alongside the photos: "Happy birthday V, we miss you. Thank you for making me the most magical wedding dress."
One photo showed Hailey linking arms with the designer while another showed Hailey on her wedding day with Justin as she wore a veil that had "Till Death Do Us Part" embroidered into it.
Hailey has previously spoken about how she knew that Virgil was the person she wanted to design her dress. Speaking to Vogue, she said: "I didn't want somebody who was a wedding dress designer. I just feel like my style and street style is a part of who I am and Virgil has always been in my corner from the beginning and I just feel like it's cool to see such an intricate gown from him."
Speaking about how he came up with the design, Virgil said: "For her, I wanted something fun and youthful, but still traditional. What I think is most important for her on this day is showcasing the woman that she is. I wanted to make something that made [Justin] look in Hailey's eyes and see that she's the most beautiful woman for him." Virgil died at the age of 41 in November 2021 due to cardiac angiosarcoma.
Hailey gave birth to her first baby, a son named Jack, back in August of this year. She and Justin are said to be "doing well" since welcoming their first child together.
Insiders have explained that Justin was "over the moon" to become a dad and that he and his wife are "overjoyed" with the arrival. A source told People: "They're doing well. They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well! Hailey's doing well, too. The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for."
"The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them. Justin's already a great dad."
Justin confirmed the news of the birth with a snap of the newborn's foot held by new mum Hailey. He captioned the picture: "WELCOME HOME. JACK BLUES BIEBER." The Rhode Skin founder and the Sorry singer announced in early May that they were expecting a child and revealed Hailey was six months along at the time, making her due date sometime in early August.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.