By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:46, 30 August 2024   |  Updated:  23:52, 30 August 2024   
 80
View  comments
Justin Bieber tried to keep his presence lowkey as he stepped out on Friday in Beverly Hills.
The new father, 30, who announced his son Jack's arrival on August 23 with wife Hailey Bieber, 27, covered his face with a medical mask while attending a Churchome service. 
The Yummy singer donned a gray hoodie with a bright green beanie with loose fitting black pants.
The hitmaker winner wore tan slippers for the spiritual gathering held at the Saban Theatre.
Witnesses said the Love Me singer was very emotional during the service as the message was about loving children.  
Justin Bieber tried to keep his presence lowkey as he stepped out on Friday in Beverly Hills
'As all of you know by now I am a Jesus guy. What you may not know is that I am not a religious man,' the singer shared with his fans on social media in November 2020. 
'I follow the teachings of Jesus and believe he is the Messiah. There are many things I have seen in churches that i strongly disagree with. Judgmental posture, exclusion, hatred, all in the name of Christianity. I want no part of that,' he said.
'What i do want is to love and look like Jesus and point people to his miraculous healing power. If you are interested in learning more about Jesus and his extraordinary ways visit the Churchome app free in the App Store,' he wrote. 
The American Music Award winner shared a 'Prayer of Guidance,' from pastor Judah Smith on Instagram just two days before Hailey gave birth. 
The singer provides a link in his bio on Instagram for anyone wanting to check out the daily guided prayers he listens to.  
The very public couple kept news of the pregnancy secret until Hailey was about six months along. 'I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time,' she  W magazine. 
'I didn’t have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff.'
'I probably could have hid it until the end,' she claimed. 
The new father, 30, who announced his son Jack's arrival on August 23 with wife Hailey, 27, covered his face with a medical mask while attending a Churchome service
The Yummy singer donned a gray hoodie with a bright green beanie with loose fitting black pants. The hitmaker winner wore tan slippers for the spiritual gathering at the Saban Theatre
Witnesses said the Love Me singer was very emotional during the service as the message was about loving children
 However, hiding the secret began to take its toll.  
'I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly,' the model said, adding that she was 'hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good.'
The new mom seems to be settling into life as a family of three. 
In her first Instagram story since welcoming Jack, the Rhode Skin founder shared clip from the movie The Land Before Time.  It showed a baby dinosaur named Ducky hatching from its egg.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group