Sean “Diddy” Combs once wanted to rub elbows with royals at his wild parties. 
The disgraced music mogul, 54, confessed in a resurfaced 2011 interview from “The Graham Norton Show” that he wanted Prince William and Prince Harry to go to his fêtes when they were “young bucks.”
“Not anymore,” he clarified as Graham Norton pointed out that William was about to marry Kate Middleton later that year. 
“Don’t ruin our royal wedding for us,” the host, now 61, joked, prompting Combs to reassure him, “Trust me, they’re off the list.”
The “Bad Boy for Life” rapper then explained, “Before when they were young bucks growing up and they were getting in a lot of trouble themselves, so, hey, I was like, ‘Why don’t you come hang out with me?'”
Combs appeared to be referencing William, now 42, and Harry’s well-documented nights out, including when the Duke of Sussex, now 40, would go on benders in Las Vegas in his youth.
The “Come to Me” rapper has been rumored to put young men in uncomfortable situations.
Another resurfaced video of Combs showed him once asking a teenaged Justin Bieber why he hadn’t been “calling” him to hang out, while the “Sorry” singer, now 30, was visibly uneasy.
Usher, for his part, used to live with Combs when he was a teen and admitted to being exposed to a “pretty wild” and “crazy” lifestyle because of the “I’ll Be Missing You” rapper.
It’s unclear, however, if either Harry or William ever made it to one of the Combs’ bashes, but they were seen together at an event many years ago.
In 2007, it was reported that the “Last Night” rapper performed at the Princess Diana Memorial Concert at Wembley Arena. He then went to an afterparty at a club called Paper.
Nearly two decades later, Combs is facing serious jail time after being charged with sex trafficking, racketeering and fraud. 
A 14-page indictment revealed his lavish parties were more sinister than they initially appeared, as they were allegedly called “freak offs,” in which people were allegedly drugged and raped.
Aside from the federal case, Combs is also fighting several civil lawsuits for his alleged sex crimes.
Harry, 30, was named in one of the sex trafficking suits. Producer Rodney “Lil Rod” Jones claimed in his filing earlier this year that people were drawn to Combs because of his access to celebs such as “famous athletes, political figures, artist [sic], musicians and international dignitaries like British royal Prince Harry.”
Page Six has reached out to reps for Harry and William but did not immediately hear back. Diddy has denied all of the allegations leveled against him and is set to go to trial.
Advertisement