By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:01, 31 March 2024   |  Updated:  21:19, 1 April 2024   
 248
View  comments
From colorful bunnies, painted eggs and sizzling outfits, A-listers have treated their fans to festive snaps as they wished their followers a happy Easter on Sunday.
Hailey Bieber led the celebrity posts with a sultry snap she shared to her Instagram Stories. The Rhode Beauty founder, 27, posed on the beach in a one-piece black swimsuit with a plunging neckline.
She was covered in sand and the idyllic blue sea was behind her in the snap.
The wife of Justin Bieber, 30, wore bunny ears for the festive post. 
Hailey also shared a short video clip of herself in the bunny ears and bathing suit walking in a tropical landscape. 
Hailey Bieber led celebrities celebrating Easter with a snap she shared to her Instagram Stories. The Rhode Beauty founder, 27, posed on the beach in a one-piece black swimsuit with a plunging neckline
Hailey also shared a short video clip of herself in the bunny ears and bathing suit walking in a tropical landscape
Hailey also shared a snap of a pair of chocolate Easter eggs with her and Justin's names on them
Paris Hilton, 43, also posted photos celebrating the holidays with her son Phoenix, one
Paris wore her signature Barbie pink for the fun photo shoot
Paris Hilton, 43, also posted photos celebrating the holidays with her son Phoenix, one.
The Simple Life alum wore a beautiful pink dress that fell to her mid-thigh and featured a keyhole cut out and voluminous short sleeves.
The mom of two with husband Carter Reum, 43, wore matching sandals and carried a matching handbag.
She posed with her young son on a staircase decorated with multi-colored bunnies.
The cute boy wore a onesie and bear ears while Paris wrote over one of the photos: 'When you and your son have the same laugh.' 
On Easter Sunday, Paris shared a short video clip of herself walking in a garden with her son.
She says: 'Yay! Look at the Easter boy!' He replies: 'Meow.
In the snaps, the socialite wears a long yellow, floral print dress with a plunging neckline and a large white hat.
Phoenix wore a white t-shirt with a picture of an anchor on it with grey joggers. 
Heidi Klum celebrated in a festive outfit featuring a bunny, alongside designer Jeremy Scott.  
Kelly Osbourne, 39, and her partner Sid Wilson got into the Easter spirit with their son Sid, 16 months. 
The toddler met the Easter Bunny and Kelly shared some snaps also featuring a friend and their child.  
The cute boy wore a onesie and bear ears while Paris wrote over one of the photos: 'When you and your son have the same laugh'
The Simple Life alum wore a beautiful pink dress that fell to her mid-thigh and featured a keyhole cut out and voluminous short sleeves
She posed with her young son on a staircase decorated with multi-colored bunnies
Paris looked pretty in pink as she posed for the Easter photos
Her long blonde hair was in loose waves and fell to below her bustline
The mom of two with husband Carter Reum, 43, wore matching sandals and carried a matching handbag
Paris' mansion was decorated festively for the holiday
 Paris is still not showing photos of her newborn daughter London on social media
Heidi Klum got silly with designer Jeremy Scott
On Easter Sunday, Paris shared a short video clip of herself walking in a garden with her son
She says: 'Yay! Look at the Easter boy!' He replies: 'Meow'
In the snaps, the socialite wears a long yellow, floral print dress with a plunging neckline and a large white hat
Phoenix wore a white t-shirt with a picture of an anchor on it with grey joggers
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Danny Beard reveals it cost him £25,000 to be on RuPaul's Drag Race
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Jacqui Burfoot and Clint Rive reveal when they are tying the knot
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Kelly Osbourne, 39, and her partner Sid Wilson got into the Easter spirit with their son Sid, 16 months
The toddler met the Easter Bunny and Kelly shared some snaps also featuring a friend and their child
Sid also enjoyed his first Easter Egg hunt with a little help from his dad
It was Kelly's toddler's first meeting of the Easter Bunny
Teddi Mellencamp, 42, also got in the festive spirit of the Spring holiday sharing photos from her Spring Break trip with her family.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star and her husband Edwin Arroyave are parents to daughter Slate, nine, son Cruz, seven and daughter Dove, two.
Arroyave also has a daughter from a previous relationship, Isabella, 12. 
The family jetted to a tropical locale for the holiday and the reality TV star tried to corral her family for Easter photos. 
She also shared an adorable image of Dove hugging the Easter Bunny as well as a pic of real live rabbits. 
Her daughters looked thrilled to be able to hold the adorable animals.  
Teddi Mellencamp , 42, also got in the festive spirit of the Spring holiday sharing photos from her Spring Break trip with her family
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star and her husband Edwin Arroyave are parents to daughter Slate, nine, son Cruz, seven and daughter Dove, two
 Her daughters looked thrilled to be able to hold the adorable animals
The family jetted to a tropical locale for the holiday and the reality TV star tried to corral her family for Easter photos
Arroyave also has a daughter from a previous relationship, Isabella, 12
Teddi shared a video of the Easter festivities at the resort her family is staying at
Her youngest child Dove got a little sassy in some of the photos
The Kardashian women got in on the festive posts too with Kris Jenner sharing some inspirational religious quotes. 
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians matriarch shared an image that said 'He is risen' and one that said 'I am the Resurrection and the Life, John 11:25.'
Kris, 68, also shared a few sweet snaps of the treats her family was preparing for Easter.
Khloé Kardashian also shared similar religious sentiments to her Instagram Stories as well as a bunch of adorable pics of her kids and their excitement over their Easter baskets.
The Good American founder, 39, and her family put on their usual over-the-top, no details left untended celebration for all of their kids. 
Khloé shared a photo of a cake designed to look like a bunny and captioned it: 'My mom is the most amazing human being in the entire world!!! It's a fantasy over here always @krisjenner.' 
Kim Kardashian, 43, also got in on the Easter post trend sharing her own photos from the celebration at her mother's house.
Kylie Jenner, 26, shared two snaps from her celebration.
The first is a shot of four sets of feet in metallic cowboy boots with matching, feather-trimmed dresses.
The Kylie Cosmetics founder also shared a snap of her place setting of a salad plate with a pink rose in the center stacked on top of a sage green plate.
Bouquet of yellow and pink flowers were lined up down the center of her table. 
Travis Barker, 49, shared a short clip to his Instagram Stories of himself walking across the tarmac to a private plane.
He's wearing the matching pajamas Kris bought the whole family for Easter.
The Kardashian women got in on the festive posts too with Kris Jenner sharing some inspirational religious quotes
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians matriarch shared an image that said 'He is risen' and one that said 'I am the Resurrection and the Life, John 11:25'
Kris, 67, also shared a few sweet snaps of the treats her family was preparing for Easter
The family put on their usual over-the-top, no details left untended celebration for all of their kids
Kids making a mess and having a blast doing it
Khloe clowned around with her kids, nieces and nephews
Khloe praised her mom for the magical day
Grandma Kris had plenty of activities set up for the grandkids
She put together a dress up station for the girls
Khloe shared a beautiful black and white photos with her daughter True
Kris got everyone in the family matching pajamas
The kids all took part in the tradition of dyeing / coloring eggs
Kris Jenner set up an art station for her grandkids
Khloe posed with her daughter True and one of her nieces
Khloe look incredible as she posed with the kids
The party was a big hit with the guests
Kim shared a look at her mom's super cute Easter setup
All of the grandkids got chocolate Easter eggs with their name on them
Kim shared a photo of an egg her son Saint, eight, painted
The table was set with spring like colors for Easter dinner
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Danny Beard reveals it cost him £25,000 to be on RuPaul's Drag Race
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Jacqui Burfoot and Clint Rive reveal when they are tying the knot
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Kris' grandkids all got the same kind of chocolate eggs that Hailey and Justin Bieber had
Kim praised her mother's thoughtfulness for putting on the festive day for her grandchildren
Kylie Jenner, 26, shared two snaps from her celebration. The first is a shot of four sets of feet in metallic cowboy boots with matching, feather-trimmed dresses
The Kylie Cosmetics founder also shared a snap of her place setting of a salad plate with a pink rose in the center stacked on top of a sage green plate
Travis Barker, 49, shared a short clip to his Instagram Stories of himself walking across the tarmac to a private plane
He's wearing the matching pajamas Kris bought the whole family for Easter
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Danny Beard reveals it cost him £25,000 to be on RuPaul's Drag Race
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Jacqui Burfoot and Clint Rive reveal when they are tying the knot
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Bethenny Frankel, 53, shared some cute photos from her own Easter celebration. 
The former Real Housewives of New York City star captioned the post: 'Easter is hopping off. #easter #happyeaster #bunnycostume #easterbunny.'
In her carousel of photos she shared one of her daughter Bryn wearing an Easter Bunny onesie and standing next to someone in a full Easter Bunny costume.
The Skinny Girl mogul also shared a snap of her bunny shaped Carvel cake. 
Sofia Vergara, 51, took time out from her busy America's Got Talent schedule to share some beautiful photos from her Easter meal table set up.
Katherine Schwarzenegger, 34, shared a few snaps of her process of hiding the Easter eggs for her daughters Lyla Maria Schwarzenegger Pratt, three, and Lyla Maria Schwarzenegger Pratt, 22 months.
She shares her kids with her husband Chris Pratt, 44.
'Love this Easter tradition of getting the kids together for animals and easter fun but this year decked out in @rufflebutts,' she captioned the post.
Will Smith, 55, shared a festive photo of his large family in which many wore bunny ears.
'It’s my Mom ‘n’em. Happy Easter errybody!' he captioned the post. 
Vanessa Hudgens, 35, shared Happy Easter wishes on Instagram by sharing a post with herself and three friends posing with the Easter Bunny.
'Happy Easter, loves,' she captioned the post, adding a heart emoji. 
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Danny Beard reveals it cost him £25,000 to be on RuPaul's Drag Race
Holly Madison reveals 'disgusting' sex acts with Hugh Hefner
Jacqui Burfoot and Clint Rive reveal when they are tying the knot
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Bethenny Frankel , 53, shared a photo of her daughter Bryn wearing an Easter Bunny onesie and standing next to Frankel in a full Easter Bunny costume
The former Real Housewives of New York City star captioned the post: 'Easter is hopping off. #easter #happyeaster #bunnycostume #easterbunny'
She even had bunny ears for her dogs
The Skinny Girl mogul also shared a snap of her bunny shaped Carvel cake. shared some cute photos from her own Easter celebration
Sofia Vergara , 51, took time out from her busy America's Got Talent schedule to share some beautiful photos from her Easter meal table set up
Gorgeous magenta and pink flowers brought more color to the table setting
Plenty of sweet treats awaited the Modern Family alum's guests
Katherine Schwarzenegger , 34, shared a few snaps of her process of hiding the Easter eggs for her daughters Lyla Maria Schwarzenegger Pratt, three, and Lyla Maria Schwarzenegger Pratt, 22 months
She shares her kids with her husband Chris Pratt, 44
'Love this Easter tradition of getting the kids together for animals and easter fun but this year decked out in @rufflebutts,' she captioned the post
She shared a photo of the decorated cupcakes
The mom of two carefully hid the Easter Eggs so that her daughters could find them
Katherine also had real rabbits at her celebration
Two alpacas dressed in bows also were part of Schwazeneggeer and Pratt's Easter
Will Smith , 55, shared a festive photo of his large family in which many wore bunny ears. 'It’s my Mom ‘n’em. Happy Easter errybody!' he captioned the post
Vanessa Hudgens , 35, shared Happy Easter wishes on Instagram by sharing a post with herself and three friends posing with the Easter Bunny. 'Happy Easter, loves,' she captioned the post, adding a heart emoji 
Ant Anstead , 45, shared a series of snaps with his son Hudson, four, as they shared a fun-filled weekend together 
Easter weekend fun! Kicking off with @lagunabeachparentsclub eggnhunt (great turn out) and an awesome show at @thediscoverycube so cool!!! Recommended,' he captioned the post
Ant shares Hudson with his ex-wife Christina Hall, 40
Kate Beckinsale , 50, shared a snap of her legs and feet from her hospital bed. She wore Easter-themed socks and black pajama bottoms with white bows on them. The Serendipity star has been hospitalized for a few weeks with an undisclosed condition
Vanessa Bryant shared a fun family photo
It was a party at the House of the Mouse
Gisele Bundchen, 43, shared a short video clip on Instagram of her climbing a tree with a pink Easter basket in her hand
As she stashes the eggs in crevices of the trunk and on the limbs she appears to be talking to her dog, who circles the tree below her
She captioned the post: 'I think I had more fun hiding the eggs than anyone finding them'
Ant Anstead, 45, shared a series of snaps with his son Hudson, four, as they shared a fun-filled weekend together.
'Easter weekend fun! Kicking off with @lagunabeachparentsclub eggnhunt (great turn out) and an awesome show at @thediscoverycube so cool!!! Recommended,' he captioned the post.
Ant shares Hudson with his ex-wife Christina Hall, 40.
Kate Beckinsale, 50, shared a snap of her legs and feet from her hospital bed. 
She wore Easter-themed socks and black pajama bottoms with white bows on them.
The Serendipity star has been hospitalized for a few weeks with an undisclosed condition. 
Gisele Bundchen, 43, shared a short video clip on Instagram of her climbing a tree with a pink Easter basket in her hand.
As she stashes the eggs in crevices of the trunk and on the limbs she appears to be talking to her dog, who circles the tree below her.
She captioned the post: 'I think I had more fun hiding the eggs than anyone finding them.'
Gisele is mom to Benjamin, 14, and  Vivian, 11, with her ex-husband Tom Brady, 46.
Gwyneth Paltrow's kids Apple Martin, 19, and Moses Martin, 17, are older now so the devoted mom came up with a different Easter plan for her clan
The Shakespeare in Love star, 51, posted a handful of shots from their trip to Nashville, Tennessee
'Easter Weekend in Nashville, she captioned the post, adding a bunny and a heart emojis
Most of the photos are landscape and city shots, but one does feature the Oscar winner and her two kids with ex-husband Chris Martin, 47, having pizza
 The Se7en star posted a nap of a mural in Nashville
Nicola Peltz celebrated in style
She shared a snap with her handsome husbanf Brooklyn Beckham
Kimora Lee wished her fans a Happy Easter
Kimora Lee shared a sweet snap 
Kimora shared a photo of her gorgeous family 
Jamie Lynn Spears celebrated Easter with her family
Jamie Lynn's Daughter enjoyed an egg hunt
Gwyneth Paltrow's kids Apple Martin, 19, and Moses Martin, 17, are older now so the devoted mom came up with a different Easter plan for her clan.
The Shakespeare in Love star, 51,  posted a handful of shots from their trip to Nashville, Tennessee.
'Easter Weekend in Nashville, she captioned the post, adding a bunny and a heart emojis.
Most of the photos are landscape and city shots, but one does feature the Oscar winner and her two kids with ex-husband Chris Martin, 47, having pizza.
Hailey pretends to be Christian. The last church h...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group