The Biebers are putting the rumors to rest.
Days after Stephen Baldwin sparked concern for daughter Hailey Bieber and son-in-law Justin Bieber, the Rhode Skin founder posted a tribute to her husband on his 30th birthday.
"30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!! that was fast," she wrote on Instagram March 1. "words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life."
Hailey shared the message alongside a series of photos and video of the couple throughout the years. One image showed Hailey and Justin at their 2019 wedding, while the pair were pictured kissing aboard a boat in another snap.
The model also posted images of herself and Justin on various dates, as well as a throwback photo of the pop superstar and an image of his 30th birthday cake. 
Stephen—who shares Hailey, 27, and daughter Alaia, 31, with wife Kennya Baldwin—raised eyebrows earlier this week when he reposted Victor Marx's Instagram video asking for prayers for Hailey and Justin.
"There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn't want them to draw closer to Jesus," Victor captioned footage of Justin singing and playing guitar. "So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage and life in general."
And though Hailey and Justin—who tied the knot in a courthouse ceremony in September 2018—haven't directly addressed this call for prayers, she has spoken out against invasive rumors over the years.
In fact, back in October, Hailey slammed "disheartening" pregnancy speculation. 
"Recently, everybody was like, 'Oh, my God, she's pregnant,' and that's happened to me multiple times before," she told GQ Hype. "There is something that's disheartening about, Damn, I can't be bloated one time and not be pregnant? It would be a lie if I was like, 'Oh, yeah, I don't give a s--t.'"
"When there comes a day that that is true," Hailey said, "you, you, as in the internet, will be the last to know."
Despite the constant public attention, she's happy with where life has taken her.
"I very much feel like this is where I'm meant to be," Hailey noted. "I've had times where I didn't feel so connected to myself or my body for different reasons. Right now in my life, I feel very clear, very solid, very happy. I'm just focused on what's in front of me."
To revisit Justin and Hailey's cutest photos, keep reading...
Business Partners
In April 2025, Hailey Bieber shared a mirror selfie wearing a new leather jacket that she was designing to support Justin Bieber's new clothing brand Skylrk.
Colorado Getaway
Justin and Hailey had some fun in the snow while vacationing in Aspen, Colo., in January 2025.
Afternoon Stroll
Three months after welcoming their son Jack Blues Bieber, the smile-filled couple took a walk outside together.
6th Wedding Anniversary
Three weeks after Jack arrived, Justin and Hailey celebrated a relationship  milestone in September 2024.
Baby, Baby!
The Biebers announced the arrival of their first child together in August 2024.
Justin and Hailey, wearing Jordan Road earrings, shared this kissing photo on their Instagram pages in honor of their fifth wedding anniversary in 2023.
"To the most precious, my beloved." Justin wrote on Instagram. "You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let's keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
"5," Hailey wrote on her Instagram to celebrate their fifth anniversary. "I love you."
The couple was over the moon in love as they got ready to take flight.
Justin and Hailey looked so darn cute cuddled up together!
The two cuddled up during an outing at the lake.
Justin and Hailey couldn't keep their hands off each other while making out in the water.
In July 2018, Justin confirmed his engagement to Hailey in a lengthy Instagram post. "Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly," he captioned this photo. "My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first," he continued. "You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!"
He also shared this shot as part of the engagement announcement, writing, "It's funny because now with you everything seems to make sense!" He added, "My goodness does feel good to have our future secured! WERE GONNA BE BETTER AT 70 BABY HERE WE GO!" Aww!
The Biebers sharing a sweet smooch. "Hunny buns punkin," Justin captioned the photo. 
The two enjoyed a very sweet smooch to celebrate their love. 
Hailey posted this sweet pic in honor of her hubby's 25 birthday. 
"My lips get jealous of my arms cuz I can hold you with them," Justin shared. We're pretty jealous too! 
Could these two be any cuter?! "My only bubba," Hailey shared about the sweet pic. 
It may be cold outside, but they know how to keep each other warm. 
This photo might be blurry, but one thing is clear—they're so in love! 
Hailey supporting her man in the studio while he does what he loves. 
Justin's pouty pucker is courtesy of his vacation ending. Very relateable! 
Once again, these two are absolutely slaying the relationship goals! "Go best friend that's my best friend," Justin captioned the pic. 
The couple who prays together, stays together. "I know for me this conference came at the exact time I needed it, I believe God is THAT amazing and faithful that he brings us the right words during the season that we need it the most," Hailey captioned the shot with her hubby.
Amazing views for the gram. The sunset is also pretty nice! 
One of their first official shots as husband and wife! 
Even in this photo taken years ago, this pair was picture-perfect.
In January 2016, the two decided they weren't going to hide their romance any longer, and this photo of them kissing quickly circulated throughout the internet.
Hailey decided to lend a helping hand in January 2015 when she gave Justin her hair-tie right off her wrist!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.