Justin and Hailey Bieber have shared their first family photo on Instagram, featuring their two-month-old son Jack Blues Bieber.
In the adorable snap, Justin is seen cradling baby Jack, who's dressed in a pink robe. The couple were all decked out for Halloween, with Hailey, 27, channelling Kim Possible in green cargo bottoms and a black turtleneck that showed off her slim waist. She completed her look with gloves and a red wig.
Meanwhile, Justin, 30, was dressed as Ron Stoppable, Kim's best friend in the animated series. The pair also shared another sweet moment in a separate snap of their Halloween costumes. Hailey posted an additional photo of baby Jack in his cute Jack Skellington and Oogie Boogie onesie and socks.
Justin had previously introduced Jack Blues to the world on August 23rd, captioning the post: 'Welcome home Jack Blues Bieber,' along with a teddy bear emoji. Their son was born on August 22nd.
Hailey tied the knot with Justin Bieber in 2018, and the couple recently announced the birth of their first born son Jack Blues Bieber. In a sure sign that they are parenting on their own terms, Hailey has reportedly made the decision to keep her son away from her parents after their relationship deteriorated when she fell pregnant.
In addition to being a well-known model, the 27-year-old is the founder of Rhode Beauty, a viral, It-girl makeup and skincare brand which she launched in 2022.
Hailey started modelling on the runway for Topshop and Sonia Rykiel in 2014 and then went on to appear in a number of campaigns for well-known brands such as Ralph Lauren, Tommy Hilfiger, and Levi's. The star was also the face of many magazine covers, including Vogue, Elle, and Harper Bazaar.
When she launched her brand Rhode, it drew a 100,000-strong waiting list, and according to Vogue Business, she managed so sell 36 units of the brand's hit product 'glazing fluid' every second in past restocks. The coveted line has skyrocketed in popularity even further after going viral on TikTok. All of this success means Hailey is said to be around £15 million ($20 million), according to Celebrity Net Worth.
Hailey is used to the spotlight, as her dad is American actor, director and producer Stephen Baldwin. Her mother, Kennaya Baldwin, is a Brazilian graphic designer. Her uncle Alec Baldwin is also an American actor - earlier this year he was charged with involuntary manslaughter after a fatal shooting on set.
Since getting married, Justin and Hailey's combined net worth is said to be around $300 million, with an annual income of nearly $80 million thanks to Justin's success.
The Baby singer has built a hugely successful fortune through his music and other projects, and despite being semi-retired from the music world, the Canadian star is still one of the richest musicians in history. This combined fortune also means that the couple's son, Jack, is set to be one of the richest newborns in the world.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.