Here’s where to shop both
Every product on this page was chosen by a Harper's BAZAAR editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Hailey Bieber got a fiery start to the new year, thanks to the star-studded trip to Barbados she took with friends like Kendall and Kylie Jenner and husband Justin Bieber. And judging from her latest Instagram photo dump, the Rhode founder turned the island country’s shorelines into a runway.
In several photos shared yesterday, Bieber put her tropical vacation wardrobe on full display. A few snaps captured a vibrant swimsuit look she wore to board a yacht. The look consisted of a tiny, cheeky bikini in emerald green with yellow lining from Miaou, which perfectly color-coordinated with the large leather Bottega Veneta tote bag she carried on one shoulder. She opted for a large iteration of the house’s Andiamo bag, this one bearing a colorful green and white diamond pattern. To finish off her look, she added a floppy straw hat and a flowy white top. 
Bieber also gave us a glimpse of her evening style. In another photo shared in the same post, the model posed on the beach against the backdrop of a dramatic sunset. She wore a plain white ribbed tank top from Éterne paired with a slinky metal mesh midiskirt with a blue, green, and pink floral illustration by Christopher Esber.
Bieber captioned the post, “2024… I’m along for the ride 🤪.”
See all the photos from her post below.
Kendall Jenner shared photos from the trip, too. In a sweet beachside shot, the best friends showed off their contrasting island styles. Jenner wore a glamorous see-through mesh gown with a diamond cutout in the center, ruffled trim, and ruching details at the waist. Meanwhile, Bieber looked cool in a tight white bodycon dress with a low-back silhouette.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.