(Getty Images (3))
Having your relationship in the public eye for all to judge is not for the faint of heart. Which is why some celebrities prefer to keep their love lives under wraps. However, there are some stars that take it one step further! Instead of dealing with all the heartache, some of your favorite A-list personalities prefer to stay single.
Keep reading to find out which well-known names enjoy the single Pringle life below. 
Not every celebrity relationship utterly crashes and burns in front of their fans, but there are some that have taken a pause on love.
After an 8 year on-again-off-again romance, Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber officially called it quits in spring 2018. Their exhausting relationship probably would’ve made most people give up on pursuing a significant other, like, ever again.
Following their split, the singer revealed that the single life is one that she enjoys. “I’ve been super, super single for two years,” she shared on “The Zach Sang Show” in October 2020. “I’ve been having way too much fun being on my own. It sucked for the first year, I was like, ‘I just want to cuddle. I just want to watch something and be adored.’ But now it feels good, it feels awesome.”
While the 31-year-old had come to terms with being solo, she didn’t completely give up on love.
“I never want to lose the sense of love that I imagine it to be. I don’t want to be jaded or bitter from anything,” the “hopeless romantic” shared to the host. “I believe that it exists. I’m happy waiting for that for however long it takes because we’re going to be doing this forever.”
With that being said, it’s a good thing she didn’t close that door completely! In 2023, it was revealed that Selena had started a relationship with music producer Benny Blanco.
“He is my absolute everything in my heart. Why has he been the best thing that’s ever happened to me. He’s still better than anyone I’ve ever been with,” she wrote once their romance became public.
While Selena has had another chance at love, some other stars are taking a break from the whole lovey-dovey thing. Keep reading to find out which celebrities enjoy the single life below. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 7
(Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/MG23/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)
“I hate being goo-goo gaga over a boy. I think it’s secretly a pride thing,” the Wednesday star revealed in a March 2023 interview with Elle. “It’s a problem with a lot of female characters, that a lot of them are guy-oriented or what they’re expressing or emoting is based on a guy’s position and a guy’s story.”
Jenna further added, “Maybe I am too obsessed with my work, but the idea of relationships stresses me out. And also, being that vulnerable with someone and having to get to know someone that well and having someone see you for all that you are … My brain knows that I don’t need to think about that right now.”
2 of 7
(Photo by Steve Granitz/WireImage)
Can you imagine a time when Taylor Swift wasn’t dating her perfect man, Travis Kelce? Neither can we, but in 2014, the singer revealed that she wasn’t looking for a relationship!
“I found a place in my life that feels really great, and I’m not willing to compromise that for just anyone, and so, you can paraphrase that all you want into something very extreme, but they make what I say extreme no matter what I say,” she told E! News.
Taylor further added, “So I’m really happy about the fact that being single doesn’t feel like being alone. I have love in my life; I just don’t have a relationship, and that feels really natural right now.”
3 of 7
(Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images)
The “Old Town Road” singer is enjoying the single life! “I’m at the best place I’ve ever been in life,” Lil Nas X told WSJ. Magazine in November 2021.
“At the end of the day, I want to exist. I want to have fun, I want to cause chaos sometimes,” he told the outlet. “I want a long, legendary, fun life.”
4 of 7
Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images
“I never believed the whole ‘I’m happy single’ spiel. I was like, ‘This is totally spiel,’” Emma Watson told British Vogue in April 2022. “It took me a long time, but I’m very happy [being single]. I call it being self-partnered.”
5 of 7
Photo by MICHAEL TRAN/AFP via Getty Images
“The best part about being single is knowing that my happiness is coming from no other person than myself,” Demi Lovato shared to their Instagram Story in December 2020.
Demi’s comments come after their candid talk about relationships on Today With Hoda & Jenna in November 2020. “I think the most important thing that I’ve learned is how much I am OK with myself and loving myself. It wasn’t until this year that I really started exploring the things that bring joy to my life in little ways.”
6 of 7
(Photo by Sarah Morris/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
“I’m a very, very single b-tch,” Lizzo revealed to People in July 2019.
“Even if I were in a relationship, I’m a single-minded individual, and I really like my freedom. I think there’s a lot of people that need to be in relationships and need to be in love. I want it sometimes, but I don’t need it.”
7 of 7
Getty Images
“Being single is literally the best thing ever. People just need to realize that,” the influencer told Elite Daily in September 2024.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved