Ditching town + getting hitched = the ultimate (vow-filled!) vacay. 
If you know anything about planning a wedding, you know that sh*t can get real stressful, real quick. The wedding industry is an untamed beast, so things cost way more than they ever have before (don't get me started on florals), and COVID can be blamed for the wild backlog of bookings making damn near every venue impossible to secure (especially on a Saturday). But saying "I do" should be fun! It should be about love! And, you know, feeling like the most special person in the world alongside the partner you've decided you want to spend the rest of your life with! That's why eloping—aka running off and getting hitched with just an officiant and your boo—might be the way to go.
Now, listen. I'm not telling you that you have to elope. (Honestly, I'm planning a regular-schmegular wedding myself, right now.) I'm just here to tell you that there can be some perks—especially if you and your espoused have been bitten by the travel bug. There are so many stunning destinations around the world that deserve to be the backdrop to your big day, and because I love love, I found the best of the best and rounded 'em up right here for you. 
Below, you'll find nine gobsmackingly beautiful cities that would make really, really great places to elope in 2024 and beyond. And? They're all LGBTQ+ friendly, not too expensive, and make it possible for Americans to get legally married in the country. Speaking of...
Spontaneity is sexy and all, but you’ll need to prep if you want this vacation marriage to be legally binding. Your easiest option is to have an official marry you at your local city hall before doing a symbolic ceremony abroad. But if you don’t mind paperwork, you can contact your destination country’s U.S. embassy or consulate for what you’ll need to do—and sign—to have the entire thing happen legitimately on your trip. (Laws vary by region, so please promise us you won’t skimp on your research.)
Okay, now that we've got that outta the way (you can never be too prepared, you know?), scroll down and enjoy the views!
You deserve to feel like a queen on your wedding day…so why not elope to where the Portuguese royal family of yore spent their summers? About 30 minutes from Lisbon, Sintra is home to the regal Pena Palace, a colorful 19th-century castle, and multiple other historic sites dating as far back as the 8th (!) century. Holding hands while spiraling down the famous Initiation Well, a mysterious 88-foot-deep inverted tower you’ve got to see to believe, is highly recommended.
Alexa, play “Ain’t No Mountain High Enough”! If adventure is in your relationship’s DNA, you can (and honestly probably should) do the damn thing on Mount freakin’ Everest. Carry your nuptial necessities—or hire a porter to lug them for you—while hiking the Himalayas on your way to the South Base Camp. It won’t be easy (no, really, you’ll need major training and gear), but it will be iconic.
The breathtaking Arenal Volcano is the main attraction—and what you’ll no doubt want in the background of all your photos—in this lush little town. (Don’t worry, it’s in a “resting phase,” so the only thing set to runneth over is your cup...with love, of course.) There are lots of other equally beautiful sites nearby plus plenty of bonding activities to do, like ziplining through the rainforest and rappelling down a waterfall.
Mother Nature really delivered with Patagonia’s snowcapped peaks, turquoise lakes, and marble caves (google them, we’re begging you). Go south to hang out with the always-well-dressed Magellanic penguins or north to kayak through fjords at Pumalín Douglas Tompkins National Park. No matter what, the weather is generally mild with low humidity, which is great news for your “I do” ’do. Priorities, right?
If you read historical romance novels, you already know. If you don’t: In the mid-1700s, marriage laws in England changed, forcing most couples who didn’t have their parents’ permission to wait until they were 21 to wed. Scotland was more lax, and legend has it that besotted youths would sneak across the border to get married by a blacksmith in Gretna Green, the first town on the main road. People still pay homage to the practice today by staging newlywed kisses over anvils.
Denmark was the first country to legalize same-sex partnerships, making it a mecca for LGBTQ+ elopers. And its capital city has something for everyone: a mix of über-modern architecture and adorable historic charm, Scandi style you’ll want to copy ASAP (do not miss the Strøget area for shopping), and hip, romantic restaurants. Should you eat a Danish pastry, get hitched, and then dive right into one of the free bathing areas in the harbor? Obviously.
The group of 74 Great Barrier Reef islands off Queensland’s coast is an under-the-radar paradise where swirling sand beaches meet water bluer than Jesse Williams’s eyes (I mean, since you’re already swooning on this trip...). Once you’re wed, relax at one of many luxury resorts or go big with a romantic helicopter ride over the never-not-’grammable Heart Reef, which, yes, looks like a heart from way up high. 
Um, who wouldn’t want a majestic waterfall as a backdrop to their vows? Iceland’s Golden Circle—a scenic route that hits major hotspots like Thingvellir National Park, Geysir geothermal area, and, yes, Gullfoss waterfall—is a must for couples who love nature almost as much as they love each other. The landscapes are downright otherworldly, so you know your hard-launch photos will break the internet. 
Whether you’re getting married or not, you should visit Malta before the rest of the world (i.e. Tiktok) finds out about it. The small island nation, located right below Sicily, has it all: palm tree-dotted beaches, well-preserved historical centers, and breathtaking views of the Med. The capital, Valletta, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site, so if castles, cathedrals, and colorful courtyards tickle your fancy, you’re in luck. 
30 Years Later, I Remembered My Sexual Abuse
Inside Tish Weinstock’s “Indie Sleaze” Bach Party
Here’s the Deal With Shopping Ethically
Dating While Trans Means Coming Out Never Ends
Revisiting Rihanna’s July 2011 Cosmo Cover
My Adventures in Alt-Right Dating
Xolo Maridueña Takes the Cosmo Quiz
Aliyah’s Interlude Is Too Real
Let These Brooklyn Couples Show You What Love Is
10 Polyamory Terms You’ve Probably Never Heard Of
The Stars on Your Favorite Stars
Post–Birth Control Syndrome Is Real
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.