Miley Cyrus shared that she and boyfriend Maxx Morando are "very similar" and revealed that he's working with her on her next album.
The seven things Miley Cyrus loves about Maxx Morando.
The "Flowers" singer—who has been dating the Liily drummer for several years—opened up about her relationship, which she tends to keep private.
"He’s very similar to me," she told Harper's Bazaar in an interview published Nov. 20. "We just don’t take life too seriously."
And while they share similarities, the 32-year-old also explained that they do have differing approaches to everyday obstacles.
"He looks at life really differently than I do," Miley said of Maxx, 26. "He grew up with a laptop. I had a desktop computer that I shared with my brothers and sisters... Honestly, he’s raised our dog off Reddit. I’m like, 'Are you sure we’re supposed to be doing this?' And he’s like, 'On Reddit it says 'blah, blah, blah.''"
The Hannah Montana alum added that he often shares memes and new music with her, which is how she knows about "the coolest kid in Brooklyn’s music." But their relationship contains musical multitudes as she joked that they also love to listen "a song that we think is kind of cringe, but we love it," sharing Train's "Drops of Jupiter" as an example.
In fact, the couple's shared love of music has even brought them together professionally, with Maxx working with Miley on her upcoming studio album, which she's been in the studio for the last seven months for. The musician has produced several songs for the "We Can't Stop" hitmaker's next project, including the current lead candidate for the album's title track, "Something Beautiful."
Because Miley has worked with a variety of family members on various projects throughout her career—like with her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus, on Hannah Montana and ex Liam Hemsworth in The Last Song—she isn't worried about mixing work with pleasure.
"I worked with my dad forever," she explained. "That’s how me and my ex-husband met each other. I’ve always worked with the people that I love. And Maxx just inspires me so much."
Miley described her next album as "hypnotizing and glamorous" and stressed that the visuals came first for her when it came to conceptualizing the project.
"It’s a concept album that’s an attempt to medicate somewhat of a sick culture through music," she revealed. "The visual component of this is driving the sound. It was important for me that every song has these healing sound properties."
The "Wrecking Ball" singer continued, "The songs, whether they’re about destruction or heartbreak or death, they’re presented in a way that is beautiful, because the nastiest times of our life do have a point of beauty. They are the shadow, they are the charcoal, they are the shading. You can’t have a painting without highlights and contrast."
Ultimately, Miley strives to ensure that all of the art she makes could only ever come from her, and she has a distinct idea of how she wants listeners to feel when they listen to her music.
"I would like to be a human psychedelic for people,” she said. “I don’t want anyone trying to be like me or imitate me or even be inspired by me. I want to impact frequencies in your body that make you vibrate at a different level."
Keep reading for more of Miley's most candid confessions from over the years.
Would she rather kiss Dua Lipa or Cardi B? When the juicy question was posed by Heart radio's Mark Wright, Cyrus reminded fans she's already shared a smooch with Dua for their song "Prisoners." 
"I've kinda already kissed Dua," Cyrus said. "Maybe Cardi. I like to do things that I've never done before, something new. I'd kiss Cardi."
She's a Directioner! When asked whether she'd rather kiss Justin Bieber or Harry Styles, Cyrus chose the "Watermelon Sugar" singer. She confessed, "Harry Styles! He's looking really good."
She went on to say they share a lot of similar tastes, adding, "I think sharing a closet, sharing a life together—it just makes sense." 
"I was attracted to girls way before I ever was attracted to guys," she shared with Call Her Daddy podcast host Alexandra Cooper in August 2020. "When I was like 11 years old, I used to think that like Minnie Mouse was super f--king hot, which is so good I ended up on Disney, so my chances with Minnie went up by like 100."
"She was super hot to me," Cyrus continued. "I always thought that the female characters in movies were way hotter than any of the guys. I actually never really understood what these girls were doing with these, like, idiots."
During an interview with Howard Stern in December 2020, the performer candidly opened up about the detriments for her of not living a sober lifestyle. "It really, really affects my relationships," she told Stern. "I'm not the best partner; I'm not the best daughter; I'm not the best sister. I can be a little unreliable. So if that's an alcoholic—if we're not measuring it by how much we drink but how we perform as a human being—then I would say alcohol is a problem for me because I'm not at my best."
"One thing I've learned about marriage from my parents: Nothing and no one stays the same," Cyrus shared with Cosmopolitan in 2017. "Grow, evolve, change with each other and celebrate your love's journey!"
During her Dec. 2018 interview with Howard Stern, Cyrus explained that Hemsworth "got a lot of action for saving the animals" in the devastating California wildfires. And what about getting action when they're not together? "That's what FaceTime's for," Cyrus told Stern. "Cybersex."
To celebrate Hemsworth's 29th birthday, Cyrus wrote him a love letter, sharing her favorite things about her hubby. "I love taking turns and sharing with you," Cyrus told her beau. "I love taking long drives, sometimes going nowhere. I love how you'll sit and listen to me pluck out a new tune on the guitar for hours….I love the way you mumble out loud when you read a new script or book. I love how you learn and grow. I love writing songs about you on the piano. I love how you let ME be ME."
"You and Me baby…. let's take this dark place head on and shine [through] with the light of L.O.V.E. Thank you for giving me the happiest days of my life," Cyrus concluded. "Yours Truly, M."
In response to a meme that read, "No man has all five: -good dick game -empathy -a height above 5'9 -no hoes -common sense," Cyrus replied, "Mine does! Don't give up!"
When her "hunky hubby" was suffering from kidney stones in Feb. 2019, Cyrus attended the premiere of his movie, Isn't It Romantic?, in his honor. "So happy to see him shining in this comedy! He is the funniest person I know, and the world now gets to see the Liam I wake up to every day.... luckiest," the singer wrote to her fans on social media.
In another post, Cyrus posed in front of a poster from the movie, showing Hemsworth playing the saxophone. "Getting sick blows. But so do I," Cyrus captioned the post. "Get well soon babe. I love you. Play that sax you sexy f--k."
"I think it's very confusing to people that I'm married," Cyrus said in Elle. "But my relationship is unique. And I don't know that I would ever publicly allow people in there because it's so complex, and modern, and new that I don't think we're in a place where people would get it. I mean, do people really think that I'm at home in a f--king apron cooking dinner?"
"I'm in a hetero relationship, but I still am very sexually attracted to women," the "Wrecking Ball" singer continued. "People become vegetarian for health reasons, but bacon is still f--king good, and I know that. I made a partner decision. This is the person I feel has my back the most. I definitely don't fit into a stereotypical wife role. I don't even like that word."
"Guys, I was being a little too, like…hard-core feminist vibes and, just like, I don't know, not allowing anyone in, but now I am," the singer said during an Instagram Live video with Cody Simpson, which took place about two months after her split from Hemsworth. "There are good men out there, guys. Don't give up. You don't have to be gay. There are good people with dicks out there. You just gotta find them. You gotta find a dick that's not a dick, you know what I mean?"
She then said, "I always thought I had to be gay because I just thought, like, all guys were evil, but it's not true. There are good people out there that just happen to have dicks. I've only ever met one…and he's on this Live."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.