(Photo by NINO/GC Images)
Back on? Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker appeared to have a reunion as the former couple were seated in the same VIP suite during the Super Bowl on February 11, 2024.
Keep reading to find out if the two are giving love a *checks notes* third chance!
We can’t say for certain, but the former couple were reportedly hanging out in the same suite during the 2024 Super Bowl. On February 12, Kylie Rubin, daughter of Fanatics CEO Michael Rubin, confirmed suspicions when she posted a photo of herself. In the background, Devin appeared to be watching the game while eating.
Kendall was also in the VIP box with Hailey Bieber, Justin Bieber and Khloe Kardashian. The Good American owner took to Instagram to post videos alongside her supermodel sister.
While Devin and Kendall weren’t photographed together, they were definitely in the same room.
Reps for Kendall did not immediately respond to J-14’s request for comment.
The Calvin Klein model was first linked to the Phoenix Suns player in April 2020. The two were spotted on a road trip to Sedona, Arizona. According to People, the pair were just starting to get to know one another at the time.
The insider shared, “She and Devin have a lot of mutual friends. They’re just friends for now but you never know with Kendall,” on April 29, 2020.
Kendall and Devin would continue to take trips together, but it wasn’t until February 14, 2021, that they went Instagram official. The reality star debuted her relationship with Devin, with a photo of the two snuggling. For his part, Devin took to his Instagram Story to post a black and white photo of Kendall lying on his back that same day.
The former couple would continue their relationship for a year or so, before it was announced that two reportedly split in June 2022. At the time, Entertainment Tonight reported that Kendall and Devin had broken up due to her feeling “like they’re on different paths.”
However, the two quickly got back together only one month later, and were spotted on a stroll in Los Angeles in July 2022. At the time, a source told E! News that despite hitting a “rough patch” the couple had worked things out and gotten back together.
The pair seemingly held their relationship together up until November 2022, when People reported for the second time that Kendall and Devin split due to conflicting schedules. Kendall appeared to have moved on from Devon with rapper Bad Bunny throughout 2023, until their eventual split in December that same year.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved