AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Get the details on the allegations surrounding Diddy and his parties and why the mother-daughter duo’s previous comments about them have sparked controversy.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Khloé Kardashian and Kris Jenner are among the latest members of their family clan to be dragged into the mysterious shroud surrounding Diddy.
Both Khloé and Kris have drawn a decent amount of scrutiny as of late due to their own comments about Diddy parties, which have caused many social media users to accuse them of attending the infamous “freak-off” parties. In a recently resurfaced clip from an episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians, Kim Kardashian confronts her mother Kris about attending a party hosted by Diddy.
The scene, originally filmed as a lighthearted moment between the mother-daughter duo, has taken on new significance in light of Diddy’s recent arrest and federal charges. The clip offers a glimpse into the long-standing connection between the Kardashian-Jenner family and Diddy, as well as the type of high-profile company the disgraced Bad Boy Records founder has kept for years.
Spoiler alert, Rick Ross gets name-dropped by Jenner during the exchange, which began with Kris casually informing Kim about her plans.
“Just having a little drink before my car picks me up,” Kris says as she prepares for the event.
Kim, curious about where her mom is headed, asks, “Where are you going?” to which Kris responds, “I’m going to go to join Diddy this. He’s doing that…Rick Ross is doing a little concert this afternoon.”
Khloé Kardashian revealed she attended Diddy’s infamous ‘Butt-Naked’ party. Justin Bieber was also at this party.The wild event, reportedly held in 2014, saw Khloé catching a 5:30 a.m. flight, only to find half the guests completely butt naked.This sounds very much like the… pic.twitter.com/wkwiaPpTxI
At first, it appears as though the production team of the reality show was attempting to capture Kim visibly surprised by her mother’s plans, as she questioned whether attending a rap concert is appropriate for Kris’s age and lifestyle. However, through the lens of the current events, it seems as though Kim’s concern may have been rooted in something deeper.
“When are you going to act your own age?” Kim said. “It’s like rap crew like Rick Ross and Diddy. Do you think this is your crowd?”
Kris, unfazed, confidently replies, “I know a thing or two about rap music,” she said. Who is the boss? Me.”
In another clip that has since resurfaced and began trending on social media, Khloé appears to confess that she stayed up all night after taking a jet at 5:30 a.m. to attend a Diddy party. While the conversation originally seemed like harmless banter, both Kris and Khloé’s connection to Diddy has now come under fire following the mogul’s arrest.
As a result, the entire Kardashian-Jenner family’s long-standing ties to Diddy are being re-examined. Over the years, Kris and her daughters have been seen at several of his events, and the friendship between Diddy and the reality TV family has been well-documented. While no major developments have directly confirmed the Kardashians have had anything to do with the “freak-off” parties, details on the evidence confiscated during the raids of Diddy’s homes in Los Angeles and Miami earlier this year have sparked widespread speculation
Federal authorities have hit Diddy with a RICO indictment, alleging years of abuse, coercion and sex trafficking. But amid the laundry list of crimes—kidnapping, bribery and even arson—one detail shines (literally) brighter than the rest: baby oil.
More than 1,000 bottles of the slippery substance were found during a search of his Miami and Los Angeles residences. According to the indictment, “freak-offs”—a term Diddy used for his lavish, drug-fueled sex parties—required meticulous preparation.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity