Getty (2)
Justin Bieber made a surprise return to the stage in Los Angeles, performing alongside Don Toliver with a rendition of their 2023 collaboration, “Private Landing.” This appearance comes as the pop star continues to distance himself from any involvement with Sean “Diddy” Combs‘ recent arrest on sex trafficking and racketeering charges and allegations of sexual abuse against the rapper.
Justin, 30, vibed with the group at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena, which his wife, Hailey Bieber, captured and shared on her Instagram Story on October 18. In the footage, the “Baby” artist wore a black hoodie, pants and a gray beanie as he appeared to hype up the crowd.
The Canada native has been keeping a low profile following Diddy’s September arrest by Homeland Security, where he was charged with racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking by force, fraud, or coercion, and transportation for prostitution. The “Last Night” artist, 54, is currently being held in jail without bond after pleading not guilty.
According to an indictment obtained by In Touch, Diddy is accused of manipulating and luring women to participate in “Freak Offs,” which were organized events involving sexual activities with female victims and male commercial sex workers. Diddy “arranged, directed, masturbated during” and often filmed the sexual performances, according to the charges against him.
The arrest followed a months-long investigation that included raids of his mansions in Los Angeles and Miami where authorities “seized various Freak Off supplies, including narcotics and more than 1,000 bottles of baby oil and lubricant,” the lawsuit said.
Following his arrest, Diddy has maintained his innocence. His attorney, Marc Agnifilo, told TMZ, “We are disappointed with the decision to pursue what we believe is an unjust prosecution of Mr. Combs by the U.S. Attorney’s Office. Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs is a music icon, self-made entrepreneur, loving family man, and proven philanthropist who has spent the last 30 years building an empire, adoring his children, and working to uplift the Black community.”
Amid Diddy’s troubles, old videos of the mogul with a teenage Justin have resurfaced online. Sources exclusively told In Touch that the “Never Say Never” singer was on the verge of a total collapse as he faced the possibility that the sordid details of his relationship with Diddy would be exposed.
“No one knows what’s going on with Justin,” a member of his inner circle told In Touch on October 9. “It’s like he’s fallen off the map since Diddy’s arrest and all the sick details coming out. People are genuinely worried about him.”
According to the source, Justin “shut himself off from the world” as he wrestles with his past interactions with Diddy.
“Dealing with that and being a new dad probably has him stressed as hell,” said the insider.
Justin entered the music industry at 13 when he signed with manager Scooter Braun and Usher‘s music label. Through Usher, 46, he was introduced to Diddy and became the rap mogul’s protégé. In one resurfaced clip, Justin and Diddy spent an apparent wild weekend in 2009 when the pop star was just a teenager.
In the clip, the rapper alarmingly said, “Where we’re hanging out and what we’re doing, we can’t really disclose, but it’s definitely a 15-year-old’s dream. I have been given custody of him. I don’t have legal guardianship of him, but for the next 48 hours, he’s with me, and we’re gonna go full crazy.”
Justin has openly admitted to battling drug addiction as a young adult, grappling with deep pain that almost pushed him to the edge.
“I think there were times when I was really, really suicidal, like, man, is this pain ever going to go away?” he once shared.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. InTouch Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
InTouch Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
InTouch Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: