26 April 2024

Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco had to be reminded of their first-ever meeting.
Selena Gomez is dating the record producer
The 31-year-old beauty went public with their romance in 2023, and Benny has now revealed that they've known each other since Selena's teenage years.
During an appearance on SiriusXM's 'The Morning Mash Up', Benny shared: "Her mom just reminded me of this. I didn't even remember this. 
"We both met each other almost 16, 17 years ago when she was just getting into music, before we, obviously we made a bunch of songs together ... but before we had made any music together, I was one of her first big meetings right around when she was just leaving Disney to make her own music. 
"Neither one of us remembered the meeting, but her mom remembered it and was just like, 'Yeah, you guys were 18,' and everyone was like, 'You can't get a meeting with Benny Blanco,' and this was at the very beginning of her career.

"It was, I guess, a big meeting at the time and then we wound up making songs after. She's the best." 

Last year, a source revealed that Selena feels "safe and secure" with Benny, 36.

The insider told 'Entertainment Tonight': "Benny is a great communicator, is honest and open with Selena, and listens to her.

"He's respectful, isn't a player, and not in it for the attention or fame. 

"He doesn't care about any of that and Selena sees that and really trusts him."

Selena - who has previously dated the likes of Justin Bieber and The Weeknd - feels she can be "her most authentic self with Benny without doubting his potential motives".

The source added: "It's taken a lot for her to let someone in, but Benny has proven himself to her and she appreciates his ideals and morals. 

"She feels like she can give him a part of her heart that she hasn't been able to, or willing to, offer in a relationship in a very long time.

"Selena feels like she has finally found one of the good guys and it's been very refreshing for her."


Tagged in  Selena Gomez


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.11962s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 12:13:27