By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:39, 19 November 2024   |  Updated:  01:46, 19 November 2024   
 9
View  comments
The Kid Laroi has copped flak for cancelling an $800 meet and greet after his Sydney show.
The 21-year-old superstar delivered an electrifying performance on Saturday night that reaffirmed his status as Australia's biggest music export. 
But soon after the show, a TikTok user by the name of George999 took to the social media platform to share his fury about the meet and greet's cancellation.
Over still pictures of his VIP passes, the fan explained the unfortunate situation.
'We were supposed to have meet and greet tickets for $800...we got this message after lining up for an hour,' he said, before sharing a screenshot of a text message that announced the cancellation.
'The meet and greet is going to be cancelled and as a substitute we're going to get a signed poster. Like, yeah, that's a great replacement,' the ticketholder said sarcastically. 
@The Kid LAROI. I hope you see this to see who ever organised this didnt do a good enough job and left many fans disappointed. #kidlaroi #meetandgreet #kidlaroisydney 
The Kid Laroi has copped flak for cancelling an $800 meet and greet after his Sydney show. Pictured
'This was all the information we got on the night and nothing about refunds or anything.'
The fan also recounted how the organisers initially offered the signed poster would be available from the VIP area, before saying that they would mail it out to fans.
The disappointed fan then said that he was more worried about getting a 'f***ing refund.'
Daily Mail Australia has reached out to The Kid Laroi for comment. 
Despite the issues for some ticket holders, the concert over the weekend was everything fans have come to expect from Laroi – a dynamic blend of explosive pyrotechnics, heartfelt vocals, and sing-along moments that shook Sydney's CommBank Stadium to its core.
The Sydney-born rapper's passionate energy brought the crowd to life, delivering a night of unforgettable music and palpable connection with his fans.
Fans were treated to an incredible 22-song setlist that spanned his career highlights.
The night kicked off with the anthemic Baby I'm Back and moved seamlessly into fan-favourites like Girls and Tragic.
During the concert, Laroi's passionate energy brought the crowd to life, delivering a night of unforgettable music and palpable connection with his fans
The LA-based star made bold fashion statements throughout the evening.
Starting off in a minimalist black ensemble, he paired a sleeveless muscle tee with a silver cross necklace for a sleek, contemporary look.
Midway through, he switched gears into a stylish black bomber jacket, adorned with glittering embellishments, giving his streetwear a dash of high-fashion edge.
His choice of oversized sunglasses added an effortlessly cool touch, while his gloves – strikingly decorated with metallic details – became an iconic accessory of the night. 
The emotional high came during So Done, where Laroi restarted the song to address a serious crowd injury, showing his dedication to fan safety.
The evening closed with an unforgettable rendition of Stay, Laroi's mega-hit with Justin Bieber, bringing the entire arena to its feet.
Laroi is nominated for four ARIA Awards including Song Of The Year for Nights Like This, Best Pop Release for Girls and Best Solo Artist.
He will also be performing throughout the ceremony, which will take place on November 22.
His new single with Quavo, Slow It Down, is out now.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group