This weekend, Coachella took over Indio, California, and crowds flocked to see their favorite performers take the stage. There have already been some amazing shows, with surprise guests—like Billie Eilish joining Lana Del Rey, or Olivia Rodrigo singing with No Doubt's Gwen Stefani—but some of the biggest sightings are in the audience. Here are all the celebrities who have been seen enjoying Coachella 2024 so far.
The couple were filmed sharing a kiss at the festival and later walking with Ice Spice after the rapper performed.
Justin Bieber was seen enjoying the Ice Spice set, close to where Swift and Kelce were standing. His wife Hailey shared clips from the same set to her Instagram Stories, plus one from Lana Del Rey and Billie Eilish singing.
She also shared her outfit from the weekend, a pantsless look with an oversized leather jacket.
Jaden Smith was filmed greeting Bieber in the crowd with an affectionate hug.
K-pop star Lisa was seen walking close behind couple Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce.
The longtime couple enjoyed the annual Revolve festival at Coachella.
The TikTok star was also at Revolve.
Megan Fox was at Revolve and a Nylon House event, sporting new blue hair.
The two were spotted at the Neon Carnival.
The couple were seen enjoying the festival just a few weeks after welcoming their newborn, who Waterhouse announced was a baby girl while on stage.
The Irish actor was seen filming during Sabrina Carpenter's set, playing the supportive boyfriend.
The Kardashians star has been seen at several moments throughout the weekend, including at a FWRD reception party. She is promoting her 818 tequila brand at Revolve on her Instagram Stories as well.
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.