Here are all the deets on the newborn's name.
 The wait is over for one of the year’s most anticipated births—Hailey Bieber and husband Justin Bieber have welcomed their first child together. 

GettyImages/Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/Contributor
 The couple, who wed in 2018, announced the news via Instagram. Justin shared a photo of the baby's foot, with presumably Mom's hand, writing, "Welcome home." He also revealed the baby's name: Jack Blues Bieber.

 This means the baby has the initials “JB,” which, according to People, is a family tradition. Justin shares the same initials as his dad, Jeremy Bieber, and some siblings. Plus, Jeremy’s middle name is Jack.

 In general, Jack has long been a common baby name. Blues, on the other hand, is a rare one.

 Here are the baby name details:

 The Biebers revealed their pregnancy news in May 2024, while sharing an Instagram video of their wedding vow renewal. Hailey was around six months pregnant at the time and dealing with a struggle many pregnant people often have: knowing the right time to reveal a pregnancy.

 In an interview with W Magazine, the Rhode founder said she was able to hide her pregnancy from the public because she didn’t show early on. But keeping it a secret, she added, wasn’t easy.

 “I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly. I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life,” she told the publication. 

 Makes sense. Hopefully, revealing the baby's birth felt easier for the new parents.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)