Kris Kristofferson has died peacefully at home in Hawaii.
The beloved country music icon and actor Kris Kristofferson drifted off on 28 September aged 88, with his loved ones by his side three years after waving goodbye to showbiz from his sunny Maui residence. The Kristofferson family poured out their hearts in a touching Instagram tribute.
They posted: "It is with a heavy heart that we share the news our husband/father/grandfather, Kris Kristofferson, passed away peacefully on Saturday, September 28 at home." His loved ones gushed about their gratitude, writing: "We're all so blessed for our time with him. Thank you for loving him all these many years, and when you see a rainbow, know he's smiling down at us all."
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Sealing the statement with a loving kiss, it was signed by the "Family of Kris Kristofferson" who pleaded for a bit of solitude as they grieve, saying: "The family asks for privacy during this time." The 'Me and Bobby McGee' singer leaves behind his wife Lisa, his eight kids and seven grandkids.
His light shone far and wide, with A-lister Barbra Streisand, his co-star in the smashing hit 'A Star Is Born', tipping her hat to Kris on Instagram with heartfelt memories.
She reminisced: "The first time I saw Kris performing at the Troubadour club in L.A. I knew he was something special. Barefoot and strumming his guitar, he seemed like the perfect choice for a script I was developing, which eventually became 'A Star Is Born'.
Barbra, swept up by the memory, added: "In the movie, Kris and I sang the song I'd written for the film's main love theme, 'Evergreen'. ""For my latest concert in 2019 at London's Hyde Park, I asked Kris to join me on-stage to sing our other 'A Star Is Born duet', 'Lost Inside Of You'.
""He was as charming as ever, and the audience showered him with applause. It was a joy seeing him receive the recognition and love he so richly deserved. My thoughts go to Kris' wife, Lisa who I know supported him in every way possible."
Country music legend Dolly Parton also paid tribute to Kristofferson, with whom she had performed several duets over the years. In a heartfelt social media post, Dolly penned: "What a great loss. What a great writer. What a great actor. What a great friend. I will always love you, Dolly.".
Born in Texas in 1936, Kristofferson attended school in California before studying literature at college and Oxford University in the UK. It was here that he first dipped his toes into the music world, recording tracks under the pseudonym Kris Carson. Kristofferson later won a Grammy Award for 'Help Me Make It Through the Night', a hit for Sammi Smith that was also covered by stars such as Elvis Presley, Gladys Knight and Mariah Carey.
In the early 70s, Kristofferson transitioned into acting, starring alongside Dennis Hopper in 1971's 'The Last Movie', as well as in 'Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid' in 1973 and Martin Scorsese's 'Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore' in 1974. His Hollywood status was solidified with his role in 'A Star Is Born' in 1976.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.