It’s time for strawberry girl winter. 
Hailey Bieber prepped for Valentine’s Day in a sweet red skirt set as she served up some smiles (and sundaes) at Erewhon in Los Angeles Monday.
The Rhode founder, 27, rocked a burgundy Mirror Palais cardigan ($295) and matching skirt ($250) in images on her Instagram Story promoting her brand’s collaboration with the celeb-loved grocery store.
In the first pic, she stands in her enormous closet while modeling the cropped cardigan, which she buttoned up to the neck except for the bottom two buttons, showing off her abs.
Bieber revealed her toned tummy in the low-rise, bow-trimmed mini, pairing the look with burgundy Gucci slingbacks ($1,100) featuring gold chains on the heels.
She posed with a red Gucci Jackie Shoulder Bag ($2,400) over her shoulder as she stood in front of a mirror to snap the selfie.
It was then revealed her scarlet set was a thematic decision as she headed to the Erewhon store in Beverly Hills with husband Justin Bieber, 29, to create “Hailey Bieber’s Strawberry Glaze Soft Serve Sundae,” a Valentine’s Day promotion with her skincare brand.
While Rhode’s strawberry glaze Peptide Lip Treatment ($16) is no longer available, fans can still shop the nourishing glosses in other flavors such as salted caramel or watermelon slice — and grab themselves a sundae.
For more Page Six Style ..
Hailey and Justin seemed to be enjoying themselves as they whipped up some frozen treats at the high-end grocer, with the “Peaches” singer sporting a black leather jacket and a blue baseball cap along with dark shades. 
The model recorded a video for Rhode’s Instagram Story, sharing that beginning on Wednesday, fans who treat themselves to the soft serve creation — which includes organic coconut strawberry glaze soft serve, strawberry glaze and coconut whip — will receive a Rhode scratch-off coupon for a chance to win free products.
Their pre-Valentine’s Day dessert date follows a busy (and stylish) weekend for the couple, who hit Las Vegas for Super Bowl 2024 in sleek leather and fur looks. 
Perhaps she’ll trade her leopard-print coat for a strawberry-themed fur. 
Advertisement