Spoiler alert: I’m ready to cancel my gym membership.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Okay, I'll say it—I love a good group fitness class. I do! The camaraderie of it all! Doing a cute little yoga sesh with my girlfriends and then walking around with smoothies after? Chef's kiss. Those are the vibes that make life worth living. I'd even go so far as to guess that your favorite celebs (Kim Kardashian and Hailey Bieber, anyone?) agree, considering how many times they've been photographed leaving workout classes with their pals. 
That being said, I definitely don't go as often as I'd like to. Why is that, you ask? Oh, IDK, mainly because most boutique workout classes will run you ~$40 a pop if you buy 'em individually, and because I am not Beyoncé rolling in Renaissance Tour money, I simply cannot afford going multiple times a week like the ~rich and famous~ do. So, I did what every TikTok influencer on your FYP is (seemingly) doing—I signed up for ClassPass!   
ClassPass is like a gym membership...sort of. Instead of only having access to a single gym or committing to an entire month of Pilates, you download the ClassPass app and pay for a month of credits to get access to dance classes, boxing sessions, gym time, post-workout massages, even beauty treatments!
Oh, just pretty much every trendy, celeb-loved workout, that's all! While I highly doubt Taylor Swift and her gang are paying for ClassPass memberships and setting alarms as reminders to book barre classes, there are tons of those fancy, frou-frou, Hollywood-beloved workouts available for ya to try on ClassPass! I'm talkin' SoulCycle, Barry's Bootcamp, PureBarre, Solidcore, and so much more.  
Here are the current price tiers...
I did the 80 credit plan for two months and had more than enough credits for a handful of classes each month. Technically, the cost of each class varies based on time and demand (I swear it's less confusing than it sounds!!) but the average class I took costed ~12 credits. 
Last but def not least: ClassPass is known for their excellent free trial (srsly, right now you get 43 free credits (!!!) and can try out whatever workouts you want). 
And now, the ~investigative journalism~ you've all been waiting for! Below you'll find each class that Associate Shopping Editor Daisy Maldonado (my brave companion on this journey) and I attended over the past two months, along with our honest reviews. Ready for the lowdown? Keep scrolling!  
"Solidcore was the first reformer class I ever tried, and despite the fact that they have a reputation for being ~very difficult~, all it took was one class for me (someone with such little upper body strength it's almost laughable) to be absolutely hooked. I won't call Solidcore a Pilates class, because the entire Pilates community will come for me if I do, but you can think of it like an intense strength workout on a reformer. Solidcore is the only intense workout I've ever loved so deeply that I would go two or three times a week—I guarantee that you'll be shaking as you walk out of class! My only gripe was that fighting for a spot in a primetime Solidcore class felt a bit like fighting for Eras Tour tickets or competing in The Hunger Games (slots open up at 5 A.M., so you'd have to set an alarm for the wee hours of the morning if you wanted certain classes) and I usually ended up having to go different Solidcore studios further away from me that had more open spots."  
"This workout is seriously not for the weak. I jumped right into Solidcore as my first ever reformer class and TBH that was a choice (the wrong one in case that wasn't clear!). Solidcore is one of the toughest class I've ever taken, so why am I looking forward to the next time I can book a class?? It challenged me both mentally and physically. Is it beginner-friendly? Not so much. But I promise that after you go in and spend the first 20 minutes hating your life/regretting every choice you've ever made leading up to this moment, you'll learn to love Sweatlana (their resistance-training reformer) in all her glory."
"SoulCycle is intense in the best way. There's something a little cult-y about the candles, sure, but the dim lighting make it easy to get in the zone—plus, I liked not having to stare at my sweaty face. Don't be scared if you're a beginner, you can take the entire workout at your pace and do what feels best for your body. Want to pump up the resistance? Do it! Don't wanna? Don't! SoulCycle is mainly a cardio workout with a little strength training and a drop of coordination required, and while I am def not a cardio queen, it was pretty easy to just copy what everyone around me was doing. Oh, and can confirm that the hype around the themed rides (Rihanna vs. Beyoncé, anyone?) is worth it!"  
"No notes! If SoulCycle is a cult, it's one I want to be a part of. I've never had so much fun breaking a sweat as I do at my SoulCycle classes. As a Taylor Swift fan, I enjoy the multitude of sessions they have dedicated to Blondie, but they also offer a variety of music genres from house to reggaeton. The great thing about SoulCycle is that no experience is required, the lights are off, and you can just focus on yourself. Yes, there is some synchronized movements from time to time but what I enjoy the most is that there's no pressure to follow along if you don't feel like you have it in you. It's all about listening and doing what feels best for your body, whether that be participating in the movements or slowing down your speed. It's just you, the bike, and some fun music!"
"All I had to hear was 'This is Jennifer Aniston's favorite low-impact workout!' and I was immediately there. Apparently, it became her go-to after a back injury—and I totally see why. Pvolve is a slower workout that targets all the teeny, tiny muscles you didn't even know you had. The group warm-up felt a little silly (there was a lot of arm-waving and pushing at the air) and I was like 'lol, what are we doing?' but the real burn kicked in as soon as the instructor started leading us through balance work using resistance bands. There's a lot of equipment, like a slanted board and their signature P.Ball, but I was able to get over the slight learners curve by the end of the session. You'll be sweating before you know it!" 
"There's nothing like a little 'Hey, am I about to vomit?' to start off your day! If I want a really intense cardio workout where I leave dripping in sweat, I go to Rumble. Each 45-minute class is a combination of boxing and strength training, and it's pretty easy to follow along because they have each phase of the workout projected onto the wall (including the freestyle portion, where you can make up your own ~boxing combos~). Plus, who doesn't love taking out some pent-up aggression on a punching bag?! You'll feel v cool and powerful posting a mirror selfie with your boxing gloves even if you did take approximately 142 water breaks like I did."
"As a longtime fan of Selena Gomez, I was familiar with Rumble's classes way before I ever tried it out myself. Can I just say that boxing is so dang fun?! It feels almost therapeutic to punch a bag as hard as you can with the lights off and music blasting. I really enjoy how the class is separated into two sections that include a strength workout and a session with the punching bag, and the instructor does a great job of explaining each movement. I'll be honest, it can feel intimidating walking into that room, but despite that, I walked out of Rumble feeling accomplished and v sweaty, which feels like a win to me!"
"I'll start off by saying that I almost didn't test out a Barry's Bootcamp class for this article (because, uh, fear) but I'm so glad I did!!! Did I drag my former D1 athlete friend with me because the idea of going alone was intimidating? Yes. Was it totally fun? YES! 
I wouldn't say Barry's is a beginner workout, but despite my worries about it being an hour of mad sprinting with zero breaks, the class is actually pretty modifiable. The instructor will give easy, medium, and hard speeds for each round on the treadmill. I'd consider myself moderately fit but Definitely Not A Runner so I was a liiiiittle winded (okay, understatement) from the treadmill sprints but I honestly enjoyed the fast pace of the room. Also, you get to choose your own weights during the floor portion of the class! Case in point: I saw a very jacked man curling 45-pound weights while I opted for a nice set of 15-pound dumbbells instead. 10/10, excellent athletic vibes, would go back!"
"I took a couple years of ballet as part of my musical theater training (lol) and while I'm def not the world's foremost expert on classical dance, I can tell you that PureBarre is not ballet. So, if you're looking for a dance class, this isn't it. BUT! If you like fun, low-impact exercise in a chill setting with a general ballet-y vibe, this is it! Plus, the 'fit options are too good—I wore some cute lace-up leggings, grippy socks (a requirement for PureBarre), and a loose cover-up which gave the whole class a rehearsal-esque feel. Even though I didn't get super sweaty like I do at a HIIT class, PureBarre does require strength—I was unable to do slow sit-ups since nobody was holding down my feet (#embarassing, #humbling, etc.) while the older woman next to me who seemed like a frequent PureBarre-er knocked them out of the park. It's the kind of workout I'd be happy to do every day—not so intense that you can't go back the next day for more!"
Still on the fence about ClassPass? Here are some pros and cons to keep in mind...
Yes, yes, a thousand times yes!  
If you're the type of person who wants to do the exact same class every single day, you might be better off buying an unlimited package at your fave studio. (Also, wow, what’s it like to have that much discipline?) But it's soooo worth it for anyone who loves bopping around to different workout classes.  That’s the beauty of ClassPass! It's perfect for anyone who needs a flexible option to work with their busy schedule or wants to create their own wellness plan using all the different studios and classes. So if your vibe is less early-morning-bootcamp-every-day and more variety-is-the-spice-of-life, ClassPass might just be the perfect thing for you. See ya there!
Hannah is the Shopping Editor at Cosmopolitan, covering all things from chic home decor to trendy fashion finds, TikTok products that are actually worth your $$$, and the perfect gift to buy for your boyfriend's mom. She previously wrote for Seventeen and CR Fashion Book. Follow her on Instagram for hot takes on red carpet fashion and pictures of her office outfits that nobody asked for. 
What to Do in the Aftermath of Sexual Assault
My Booty Worships These Butt-Lifting Leggings
What's the Deal With Prebiotic Sodas?
11 Qs Your Gyno Wants You to Ask at Your Visits
Experts Explain the Benefits of Walking 10K Steps
Endometriosis Is More Than Just a “Bad Period” 
Wait, Do Vibration Plates Really Work? 
Here's What Mindful Drinking Really Means
Why Is Eczema More Prevalent in Black Skin?
Have You Tried One of These Wellness Trends???
The Four Menstrual Cycle Phases, Explained 
Read This Before You Get Top Surgery 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.