Taylor Swift performs during the opener of her Eras Tour Friday, March 17, 2023, at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. 
Country singer Taylor Swift performs her Fearless Tour at the i wireless Center, Saturday, May 8, 2010.
Fans at the Taylor Swift Concert, Saturday, May 8, 2010, during the Fearless Tour. 
Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) embraces Taylor Swift after the Super Bowl Sunday, Feb. 11, in Las Vegas. The Chiefs won 25-22. 
Taylor Swift, right, performs during the opener of her Eras tour Friday, March 17, 2023, at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. 
There is no better way to kick off the final chapter of the Timeless Tickets series than this. 
Taylor Swift, the single most famous musician in the world today, came to Moline in 2010. 
By then, Swift had opened two shows in the Quad-Cities already, touring with Keith Urban and Brad Paisley in the years prior. But the "Fearless Tour" stop at Moline's iWireless Center on May 8, 2010, saw Swift at a new level of stardom.
It was immediately recognized as one of the biggest concerts in the Quad-Cities that year. The show sold out almost instantly, and was the second most-attended show at the arena that year. (Buzzy bowl-cutted beaux Justin Bieber beat the record with a show at the iWireless Center a few months later, but we are pretty certain the Swift-Bieber attendance Venn diagram is a circle.) 
At this point in time, Swift was known across America as the girl next door. The story was storybook: A country girl who grew up on a Christmas tree farm, determined to become a star.
"Has there ever been a success story in pop culture to rival that of Taylor Swift?" columnist Shane Brown asked in the Moline Dispatch.
The songs were storybook, too. Her lyrics spun twangy fantasies of heartbreak, childhood and happily-ever-afters that topped the charts.
Swift's praise was endless. Billboard named her the Artist of The Year in 2009. "Fearless," Swift's sophomore record, won Album of The Year at the Grammy Awards.
"You Belong With Me" snagged Best Female Music Video at the MTV Video Music Awards, where Swift was dissed by rapper Kanye West. Swift's wide-eyed shock on stage as it went down reaffirmed the narrative.
She was not just the world's next big superstar. She was the underdog. 
And "Fearless Tour," the 20-year-old Swift's first headlining tour, was where David first started to look like Goliath. 
The Quad-Cities couldn't get enough of Swift. The state of Illinois named May 8 "Taylor Swift Day," and ahead of the show, the Quad-City Times talked to two pre-teens who were infected with the Swift fever. 
"I do like a lot of other country singers, but there's something about her," Andalusia sixth-grader Kasia Luebbe told the Times. 
Luebbe's friend, Megan Griffin, had a room full of posters, T-shirts, sheet music, books and homemade signs dedicated to her idol. The two kids told the Times they couldn't wait for when Swift first stepped out onto the stage.
"I'm expecting it's just going to be a fantastic moment," Luebbe said. 
We've said it before in this series and we'll say it again: the kids weren't wrong.
Swift opened the show with a jaunt of still-recognizable radio classics: "You Belong With Me," "Our Song," "Teardrops on My Guitar" and "Fearless," all jammed into the first five slots on the setlist. 
The first thing Swift said when she took the stage: "I'm Taylor." David Burke, writing for the Quad-City Times, wasn't impressed.
"(It) was cute when she was starting out," he said. "But redundant for people wearing T-shirts bearing her name."
Throughout the set, Swift sported eight costume changes, six backup dancers and re-created many of her most famous music videos. Burke called it "over the top." Brown, reviewing for the Dispatch, was more praiseworthy. 
"The traditional acoustic set was made a little more interesting when Swift emerged in the thick of the crowd, performing one song in the lower bowl of the arena before heading to the back of the house to serenade the cheap seats," Brown wrote.
The show came just a day before Mother's Day. Because of that, Swift added "The Best Day" to her setlist, to perform for her mother, who sat at the mixing desk. It was one of just two stops on the tour where the song was played. 
The most common criticism of Swift at this point in her career was her live vocals. Brown acknowledged that, but said for Swift he wouldn't have it any other way.
"If Taylor Swift could belt out songs like Celine Dion, it wouldn't be the same," he wrote. "She really IS just an ordinary girl done good."
In his review of the show, Brown pondered on what the future may look like for Swift, asking: "With a third album on the horizon, can the mega-star Taylor Swift hold her everygirl appeal?" 
The short answer: yes.
Five months after her visit to Moline, Swift released "Speak Now," soft-launching a pivot from country to pop. That transition culminated in the smash hit 2012 album "Red," and the even poppier synth joy "1989." 
All three albums were among the best-selling of the decade. But Goliath still wore David's clothing. 
Throughout the decade, Swift was poked and prodded by the then-unraveling Kanye, criticized by misogynists, followed by gossip mags, dumped by a laundry list of celebrities, taken advantage of by industry giant Scooter Braun, who owned all of Swift's albums up to 2017.
But Swift, the underdog, has persisted. In the last seven years, she's jumped in and out of the genre cocoon for each new record. There was the rap-tasting "Reputation," the activism-dabbling-pop "Lover," the garden-folk sister records "folklore" and "evermore," the lavender bedroom indie of "Midnights." 
Swift has won Album of The Year four times at the Grammy Awards, the most of any musician ever. Today, she is bigger than ever before. Swift has held the top spot on the Billboard Artist 100 for 115 consecutive weeks.
The girl on the bleachers is in a Super Bowl suite now, cheering on her latest fairytale flame, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. Her mere appearance at NFL games correlated with a boost in viewership. 
Brown threw around the word "Beatlemania" in his review of Swift's crowd in Moline. But the army of "Swifties" may have Paul, Ringo and the gang beat. The most dedicated of Swift's fans spend enough screen time and money on their fandom to generate more GDP than a small nation. 
So how is that possible? How can your regular everyday girl become the face of music? In a Times column ahead of Swift's appearance at the iWireless Center, Burke made a joke that sort of got to the bottom of it.
"It’s the first concert that both my wife and daughter have looked forward to with equal anticipation," he wrote. "She’s a favorite performer for both a former co-worker who likely would be mistaken for having more elite tastes and a friend who moonlights as a club DJ on the weekends." 
And that's the closest answer there is. With her jack-of-all-trades sonic repertoire and perennial underdog status, it's easy for anyone to see themselves in Swift.
The imperfect dance choreography and sometimes messy vocals are not Achilles heels. They're wings. 
On "The Eras Tour," which now stands as one of the highest-grossing tours in music history, Swift still introduces herself the way a neighbor, friend or co-worker might, the way she introduced herself to Moline: "I'm Taylor." 
This story is part of a series called "Timeless Tickets," where we're aiming to find the most notable concert in the Quad-Cities, every year from 1960 to today. Do you have a story or photo to share from an iconic local show? Send it to entertainment reporter Gannon Hanevold at ghanevold@qctimes.com. 
To read more "Timeless Tickets" stories, click here. 
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Entertainment Reporter
Taylor Swift performed at iWireless Center on May 8, 2010.  
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.