Photo by ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images
Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber are definitely not afraid of a little PDA. From red carpets to paparazzi sightings, the married couple pack on their PDA unapologetically for all of us to see.
The couple tied the knot back in September 2018 at a New York City courthouse after a three-month engagement which surprised Beliebers everywhere. They held a second, traditional ceremony with friends and family in South Carolina a year later. 
Since tying the knot, the couple has been very vocal about their relationship in the public’s eye. In a Vogue interview in February 2019, they shared that they have had ups and downs and revealed they met with a marriage counselor. Justin explained that he’s the “emotionally unstable” one in the relationship and that he struggles “with finding peace,” but that Hailey helps balance him.
“Hailey’s very logical and structured, which I need,” he said. “I’ve always wanted security — with my dad being gone sometimes when I was a kid, with being on the road. With the lifestyle I live, everything is so uncertain. I need one thing that’s certain. And that is my baby boo.” Cute!!
Since then, the couple have shared their struggles as a married couple openly while showering the other one with love on social media and red carpets. In November 2020, Justin took to Instagram to wish his wife a happy birthday and shed light on their sweet relationship.
Part of the caption read, “I am Home wherever you are. You are my safe place. I am completely and utterly obsessed with who you are. My biggest dream is growing old with you. I can’t believe you are mine forever.”
And they’re not afraid to share how far their love for one another goes — from the Canadian singer’s hit “Yummy,” which is about the couple’s, ahem, bedroom life, to Justin sharing what the couple does all day with his wife after asked by a fan in 2020. He responded, “When I’m with my wife, we like to … You guys can guess what we do. It gets pretty crazy … that’s pretty much all we do.” 
We’re happy for the two lovebirds! Scroll through our gallery to see all the photos of Justin and Hailey packing on the PDA. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 8
Instagram/Justin Bieber
Justin shared several photos of the couple kissing via Instagram, writing: “we’re cute ☺️”
2 of 8
Photo by ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images
Hailey gives her hubby a big smooch on the 2022 Grammys red carpet.
3 of 8
Courtesy of Justin Bieber/Instagram
The “Peaches” singer captioned an Instagram birthday post for his wife in November 2021, lamenting his love for Hailey.
“To my beloved birthday squish. My heart belongs to you. My eyes belong to you, my lips belong to you,” he wrote. “I am yours. I am so blessed to be yours. You are my forever. Life has never made more sense until you became my wife. I will never stop loving you, I will never stop holding you, and I will never stop protecting you. You my queen are more than enough for me and I will spend everyday making you feel like the queen that you are.”
4 of 8
Photo by Gregory Pace/Shutterstock
The pop singer grabbed his model wife’s face and gave her a big kiss at the film premiere of Our World in September 2021.
5 of 8
Photo by Matt Baron/Shutterstock
The couple can’t keep their hands to themselves while on the red carpet for Justin’s TV show Seasons.
6 of 8
Courtesy of Hailey Bieber/Instagram
The model shared these adorable polaroid photos of the couple kissing in December 2020.
7 of 8
Photo by Beretta/Sims/Shutterstock
The lovebirds pack on the PDA out and about in London in September 2018, the same month that they were married in a New York City courthouse.
8 of 8
Photo by Beretta/Sims/Shutterstock
Hailey and Justin share a sweet kiss while in London.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved