By SAMEER SURI and CHRISTINE RENDON and ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:17, 3 March 2024   |  Updated:  13:24, 4 March 2024   
 77
View  comments
Stephen Baldwin was spotted in Los Angeles Friday, in his first public sighting since he requested prayers for his daughter Hailey and her husband Justin Bieber.
 Hailey, 27, and her husband Justin, 30, are dealing with a private matter of which her father is aware, per TMZ, and his prayers post was allegedly about that issue.
Now, amid claims Hailey was upset by her father's public entreaty that fans 'offer a little prayer' for her and Justin, Stephen has surfaced.
The 57-year-old husband of Alec Baldwin wore a stern and serious expression as he strolled across a parking lot in an unobtrusively casual ensemble.
Shading his face with a religious baseball cap, the devout Christian was at one point seen with a box of gluten-free donuts.
Stephen Baldwin was spotted in Los Angeles Friday, in his first public sighting since he requested prayers for his daughter Hailey and her husband Justin Bieber
Hailey, 27, and her husband Justin, 30, are dealing with a private matter of which her father is aware, per TMZ, and his prayers post was allegedly about that issue
Now, amid claims Hailey was upset by her father's public entreaty that fans 'offer a little prayer' for her and Justin, Stephen has surfaced
The 57-year-old husband of Alec Baldwin wore a stern and serious expression as he strolled across a parking lot in an unobtrusively casual ensemble
Shading his face with a religious baseball cap, the devout Christian was at one point seen with a box of gluten-free donuts
While Stephen was likely well-intentioned when he asked for prayers, Hailey is reportedly unhappy her father had drawn eyes towards her and Justin. 
Hailey and Justin have yet to address Stephen's post, and the influencer remained silent over the matter as she posted snaps promoting her Rhode Skin range on Thursday.
The couple also appeared somber as they arrived to church together on Wednesday. 
Although Hailey has been busily posting to social media in support of her Rhode businesses, she has publicly ignored her father's unexpected call for prayers. 
On Monday, Stephen raised eyebrows when he reposted a video of Justin singing, which was shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx and captioned: 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.' 
The 58-year-old evangelist also wrote that his wife Eileen Marx and Hailey's mother Kennya Deodato Baldwin 'pray often together' for the married couple, who wed in 2018. 
'There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn't want them to draw closer to Jesus,' Victor wrote. 
'So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that [is] intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage, and life in general. So thank you.' Marx has since deleted the post.
Hailey is said to be upset with her father after he asked fans to 'say a little prayer' for her and Justin Bieber; Hailey and Stephen pictured 2014 
TMZ has reported that Hailey and her husband Justin are dealing with a private matter - an issue her father knows about; the couple pictured in 2021 
Bieber was active on social media Thursday as she promoted her Rhode Skin range
Taking to Instagram to plug the brand's espresso roast lip tint shade, the 27-year-old model showed off the item in a selection of photos
A closeup look at the pigmented gloss was shared in the roundup
A post uploaded to the official Rhode Instagram account featured the star displaying the product in Rhode's new iPhone case, which has a built-in slot to fit the popular lip gloss. Another photo showed the lip gloss secured in someone's grasp
Hailey has been pushing her latest Rhode product, which follows her original peptide lip treatment
Stephen Baldwin (pictured with daughter Hailey in 2016) publicly asked for prayers for his daughter and son-in-law Justin Bieber in an Instagram Story, which caused concern from fans
Justin and Hailey seen at Erewhon recently as she makes her new shake
Stephen's family was buffeted by another crisis last weekend when his daughter Alaia was arrested after an alleged altercation with employees at a Georgia bar.
TMZ reports Alaia, 31, was arrested last Saturday night after she allegedly became unruly at Club Elan, a bar in Savannah, Georgia.
Alaia is accused of assaulting three staffers at the bar and even throwing a used tampon at a bartender in the employee bathroom. 
TMZ later reported that the bartender, Haliegh Cauley, plans to press charges against Baldwin over the incident, and she described her alleged interactions with Baldwin in an interview.
The owner of Club Elan called 911, claiming Alaia had gotten into a physical altercation with his employees and had refused to leave his business. 
Alaia, however, claimed to the responding officer she was acting in self-defense. TMZ reports she claimed the entire situation was being blown out of proportion.
She was ultimately arrested for numerous charges, and was booked for simple assault, simple battery, battery, and trespassing.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group