"The baby is such a miracle."

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Hailey and Justin Bieber welcomed their first baby, son Jack Blues Bieber, on August 23.
Justin announced the happy news on Instagram by sharing a photo of baby Jack's foot, along with the caption, "WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER." Now, a source has confirmed just how "overjoyed" the superstar couple is having welcomed their first child.
Speaking exclusively to People, a source who is close to the "Yummy" singer said, "They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well." The source also confirmed that new mom Hailey is "doing well" after the birth.
A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber)
A photo posted by on 
According to the outlet's source, Justin and Hailey were excited to discover they were expecting a child. "The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for," the source told People. "The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them."
Basically, welcoming Jack Blues Bieber was apparently a dream come true for the famous couple, and it seems as though they are more than ready for parenthood. "Justin's already a great dad," the source claimed.
A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber)
A photo posted by on 
Justin and Hailey picked their baby son's name, Jack Blues, for a very specific reason. As reported by People, giving their baby "JB" initials was intentional, as all of Justin's siblings and his dad have the same initials, too. Jack is also apparently a reference to the middle name of Justin's dad, Jeremy. Now, Jack Blues is part of a very special family tradition, too.
"They're both overjoyed," a source explained.
Hailey announced her pregnancy in May, having managed to keep the news a secret for quite some time. In July, sources discussed how the Biebers were handling the pregnancy. Speaking to Entertainment Tonight, a source revealed, "[They're] spending time with family and friends, going to church, and leaning on their close-knit circles on the regular." The source continued, "They’ve been trying to keep everything sacred during this special time."
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
The Biebers were apparently delighted after discovering they would be welcoming their first child. "They can’t wait to have a family together and are closer to one another than ever before," the insider told the outlet. "They know that this was their destiny, and that this chapter was what was in store for them, and their partnership was meant to be."
Amy Mackelden is the weekend editor at Marie Claire, where she covers celebrity and royal family news. She was the weekend editor at Harper’s BAZAAR for three years, where she covered breaking celebrity and entertainment news, royal stories, fashion, beauty, and politics. Prior to that, she spent a year as the joint weekend editor for Marie Claire, ELLE, and Harper's BAZAAR, and two years as an entertainment writer at Bustle. Her additional bylines include Cosmopolitan, People, The Independent, HelloGiggles, Biography, Shondaland, Best Products, New Statesman, Heat, and The Guardian. Her work has been syndicated by publications including Town & Country, Good Housekeeping, Esquire, Delish, Oprah Daily, Country Living, and Women's Health. Her celebrity interviews include Jennifer Aniston, Jessica Chastain, the cast of Selling Sunset, Emma Thompson, Jessica Alba, and Penn Badgley. In 2015, she delivered an academic paper at Kimposium, the world's first Kardashian conference.	

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


He appeared on Scooter Jackson's Instagram Live.


"Hope this helps!"


The songs have lyrics like "happy without you," and \201cyou’re so embarrassing."


Romance is alive and well in the Bieber household.


Hailey shared a rare picture of their son, Jack Blues, and Justin shared a pic of Hailey ringing in 2025 wearing a bikini and an open fur coat.


The post included other highlights from the family's November, which she called the "best month of the year."


So freaking cute.


Ten out of ten, no notes.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.