By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:05, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  17:40, 29 February 2024   
 32
View  comments
Kylie Jenner and her ex-boyfriend Travis Scott have re-listed their Beverly Hills mansion for just under $18million, according to TMZ.
The Kylie Cosmetics founder, 26, and the rapper, 31, purchased the sprawling 9,000-square-foot home for $13.45million in 2018 after their daughter Stormi's birth.
Three months before their January 2023 split, the co-parents put the property on the market for $21.9 million.
They decided to cut the price to $19.99million in March 2023.
The listing was officially pulled in September and now it's back on market at $17.995million.
Kylie Jenner and her ex-boyfriend Travis Scott have re-listed their Beverly Hills mansion for just under $18million, according to TMZ; seen in 2022
The Kylie Cosmetics founder, 26, and the rapper, 31, purchased the sprawling 9,000-square-foot home for $13.45million a year into their relationship in 2018
The outlet reports that the attractive listing is being held by Adam Rosenfeld of Mauricio Umansky's brokerage The Agency and Million Dollar Listing stars Josh and Matt Altman of Douglas Elliman.
Kylie and Travis have dated on/off since 2017 and they share two children: Stormi, six, and Aire, two.
The KUWTK alum is currently dating Academy Award nominee Timothee Chalamet, 28. They kicked off their romance in early 2023 but did not go public until September. 
Kylie and Travis' stunning Beverly Hills abode boasts 10 bathrooms and an incredible 2,300 square feet master bedroom.
It also boasts a scenic pool, movie theater, a billiard room, a gym, and a massage room.
The house, which was originally built in 1971, was sold in 2012 for a mere $6.3 million (£4.9million) to a development firm, leading to a rebuild of the property before returning it to the market in 2017.
Property mogul Kylie owns four other lavish properties including a $36.5million estate in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles and a $12million home in Hidden Hills.
It was confirmed in January 2023 that Kylie and Travis had decided to breakup for a second time after rekindling their romance in 2020.
A source told Us Weekly at the time that they 'were supposed to spend the holidays together' but, instead, spent them apart.
Kylie notably whisked herself and Stormi away to Aspen for the New Year to join her sister, Kendall Jenner, and a few close friends, such as Hailey Bieber and her husband Justin Bieber.
The source insisted that Kylie and Travis 'remain friends and great co-parents.'
Kylie and Travis first broke up in October 2019 after sparking a romance in 2017. In February 2018, the two welcomed their first child, daughter Stormi, to the world.
'They are taking some time but not done,' a source told People at the time of the first split. 'They still have some trust issues but their problems have stemmed more from the stress of their lifestyles.'
Kylie and Travis have dated on/off since 2017 and they share two children: Stormi, six, and Aire, two; seen in 2021
The KUWTK alum is currently dating Academy Award nominee Timothee Chalamet, 28; the couple seen in January
Kylie and Travis first broke up in October 2019 after sparking a romance in 2017. In February 2018, the two welcomed their first child, daughter Stormi, to the world
Another insider had informed Us Weekly, 'Kylie and Travis have been on and off at various times throughout their relationship,' adding that the Kylie Cosmetics founder, 'still loves Travis and this isn’t considered a full breakup to either of them.'
Following their separation, the stars still remained close, and quarantined together during the COVID pandemic. In May 2021, a source gave an update about the status of Kylie and Travis' relationship, informing People that the two reportedly, 'love each other' and 'enjoy spending family time with Stormi.'
The insider further added that at the time, 'Kylie and Travis also have date nights. They have worked hard to create a family situation that's best for them...They are not exclusive, but Kylie isn't seeing anyone else, either.'
In August 2021, it was confirmed that the duo were expecting baby number two together after rumors had circulated that Kylie and Travis had reportedly reconciled.
'The baby has absolutely brought them even closer together,' a source told Us Weekly. 'She is so happy for her family. Travis is beyond thrilled. They both have wanted this for a long time.'
In February 2022, their Aire son, who was originally named Wolf, was born.
In October 2022, a model named Rojean Kar, jumped to her Instagram and had accused Travis of allegedly trying to cheat on Kylie, and that they had met on a music video set.
She had shared a video on Instagram at the time, prompting the rapper to shoot down the accusations on his own social media, including Instagram stories.
'It's a lot of weird s**t going on. An uninvited person was sneaking photos on what was supposed to be, a closed set while I was directing a video. '
'I'm saying this for the last time,' the star wrote, further revealing that he doesn't even know the woman. 'I don't know this person. I've never been with this person. So please stop with the continuous cyber games and the fictional storytelling.'
It was confirmed in January 2023 that Kylie and Travis had decided to breakup for a second time after rekindling their romance in 2020; seen in 2022
The source insisted that Kylie and Travis 'remain friends and great co-parents'
A source recently told Us Weekly that Kylie and her new man Timothee have 'amazing chemistry' and are very serious about each other; seen in January
Although Travis had hoped to end the allegations with his own statement, Rojean shared her heated response on her own Instagram, which had been set to private, expressing that the singer has, 'definitely been' with her, adding that, 'f***ing everybody's seen you with me, when I have pictures and videos of you with me, come on.'
The rapper and Rojean allegedly had a fling before the singer began dating Kylie, according to TMZ.
Despite the drama that had occurred, Kylie and Travis remained together. However, just before the holidays, reportedly decided to call it quits. 
Over the past ten months, Jenner has been in a relationship with Chalamet, 28, who took her to his date to the Golden Globes last month.
A source recently told Us Weekly that the lovebirds have 'amazing chemistry' and are very serious about each other.
'Timothée and Kylie are madly in love,' the insider added.
A second source also confirmed to the outlet that the Wonka star has met her two children.
'Timothee has met them in group situations where there were other family members or friends around,' a second source for the outlet revealed
'It hasn’t been anything where it’s just Kylie, Timothee and the kids in an intimate setting. And she introduced him as one of Mommy’s friends. Kylie feels like it’s [still] too soon to let them know anything about their relationship.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group