3 March 2024

Justin Bieber’s wife Hailey has shut down rumours about their marriage.
Justin Bieber’s wife Hailey has shut down rumours about their marriage
The model, 27, confirmed she was happier than ever with singer Justin – who turned 30 on 1 March – by sharing a birthday tribute to him online.
She captioned a series of images – and a video of her kissing Justin – on her Instagram, alongside the caption: “30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!! (wide-eyed and crying face emojis) that was fast.
“Words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life. (Grey heart emoji.)”
Hailey’s post comes after she and Justin were last week spotted attending a late-night church service hours after the model’s dad Stephen Baldwin appealed for prayers for the couple.

The pair were seen arriving at Churchome Church at Saban Theatre in Beverly Hills, California, on Wednesday (28.02.24) evening, with Justin trying to cover his face under an oversized sweatshirt’s hood and black scarf.

‘The Usual Suspects’ star Stephen, 57, sparked concerns among fans for Justin and Hailey when he reposted a message on social media asking the public for prayers for the pair.

His post – which sources said left Hailey irritated – was a reshare of a now-deleted one from Victor Marx, founder of All Things Possible Ministries, which featured a video of Justin playing the guitar and singing along to ‘I Could Sing of Your Love Forever’ by Delirious? and the Hillsong Worship.

Victor said on top of the clip: “Christians, please when you think of Justin and Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw close to the Lord.”

He added he and his wife Eileen Marx, along with Hailey’s mum Kennya Baldwin “often” pray together for the young couple.

Victor said: “There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn’t want them to draw closer to Jesus.

“So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage and life in general. So thank you.”

Stephen added no other details to his repost of the message.

Justin and Hailey are both devout Christians and have spoken about how their faith has helped them in life, and credited it for helping them through their first year of marriage.


Tagged in  Stephen Baldwin
Justin Bieber


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.08774s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 12:14:57