Make every step with your pup count in a pair of these comfortable shoes.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Zappos has become one of the go-to destinations for scoring name-brand shoes at a discounted price, and now, dog walkers have a designated shop filled with the paw-fect shoes to wear on-the-go. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	With the help of the pet care brand Rover, Zappos has launched the Rover-Approved Dog-Walking Shoe Shop featuring a selection of curated footwear based on the type of dog walker you are (think fun names like Woke Up and Ready to Roll, 10K Steps a Day, Sport Mode and Night on the Town).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Everyone from Nick Jonas and Shawn Mendes, to Justin Bieber and Katy Perry have all been famously spotted taking their dogs out for walks, so it’s a no-brainer for Zappos to dedicated a campaign just for strolling with our four-legged friends.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Zappos says their curated styles are based on data too. When Rover surveyed 1,000 pet parents as well as five-star dog walkers, 62% said they have yet to purchase a pair of shoes specifically for walking their dog. And with 44% of participants walking up to two miles a day with their pooch, that’s a lot of steps for feet to go unsupported.

	No matter what time of day you’re dog walking, you want to make sure your shoes come with arch support and durable sole to withstand a variety of terrains from grass to gravel. Waterproofness is another feature to consider as you’ll want to be prepared for those rainy days.

	To help you stay comfy no matter how far you walk your pooch, ShopBillboard rounded up some of the best shoe styles including some sneaker deals from the collection below.

Hoka has gained a cult following not just for how comfortable the shoes are, but for its range of bold and neutral shades that can easily blend into your athleisure or everyday outfits. Plus, these sneakers are currently dropped down to its lowest price in the past 30 days.	

		Another sporty option is the Asics GEL-Nimbus 26 sneakers, which uses a polyester knit mesh upper that wraps around your foot for added stabilization. It also uses PureGEL technology that aims to provide lightweight cushioning for softer landings.	

		For a quick morning stroll, you can enjoy the softness of Ugg Disquettes. The interior comes with a plush sheep fur to help insulate heat while the exterior is made from a suede leather material. And, since it features an open-back, you can just slide the shoes on and go.	

		For the ultimate sport-mode look, these Crocs Echo Clogs feature a waterproof material and slots to allow air ventilation on your feet. Unlike your traditional Crocs Clog though, the back of these have an adjustable strap you can loosen or tighten to your liking.	

		Keep it casual in a pair of Vans UltraRange shoes that don’t just boast a trendy everyday look, but come with a HydroGuard Wrap that encompasses waterproofness around the shoe and over the toe. The synthetic rubber outsole has an UltraRange EXO lug pattern that will also help with traction and stability.	

		Dress your feet up during your next walk in these Cole Haan penny loafers. These are ideal for after work walks when you don’t have time to change your shoes, but don’t want to sacrifice trendiness for comfort.	

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the best jelly shoes, platform boots and knee-high boots.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.