Her tiny sunglasses looked straight out of The Matrix
After welcoming baby Bieber into the world last month, new parents Justin and Hailey Bieber have returned to their usual antics. For the couple, that meant paying a visit to Nobu’s Malibu restaurant while dressed in their signature outfits: Justin, for his part, wore an oversized streetwear look, while Hailey slipped into a Matrix-esque leather ensemble. As they arrived to their date night last Monday evening, they each signaled they were in good spirits with ear-to-ear grins. See photos here.
Hailey went for an effortless look in all-black. Though her outfit was obscured by an oversized black leather jacket, the outerwear made a statement in itself with notched lapels and padded shoulders. The Rhode founder wrapped the coat around herself, offering a peek at her black manicure, while a glance downward revealed she wore loose, black trousers underneath. 
Leaning into the leather look, Hailey threw on a pair of pointy black leather kitten heels, and slung a black leather hobo bag over her shoulder. The slouchy purse blended into her matching jacket, at times making its incredibly capacious silhouette invisible altogether. The model did make sure to spotlight other accessories though, slicking her blonde hair back into a sleek updo to show off a pair of gold hoops and a retro pair of black sunglasses. Thin steel frames and rounded rectangular lenses gave the shades a Matrix feel, only emphasized by Hailey’s long leather jacket and gelled-back hair.  
And as the model’s look was reminiscent of the cyberpunk film, Justin’s was comparable to Indiana Jones—that is, if the archaeologist was a streetwear enthusiast. A tan fedora served as the centerpiece of the singer’s outfit, while he paired the statement hat with sporty black shield sunglasses and a diamond stud. His casual ensemble consisted of a gray hoodie and baggy blue jeans held up by a black belt, with black patent loafers rounding out his look.
Tracee Ellis Ross Sports Wedge Balmain Boots
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.