E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 3:00pm, please email obits@thereporteronline.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@thereporteronline.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
Luis Fonsi, an award-winning global artist from Puerto Rico, is set to perform Tuesday at 8 p.m. at the Santander Performing Arts Center in Reading. Fonsi is one of the leading Latin music figures of his generation, with over 25 years as a successful artist.
From his debut album “Comenzare” to his latest studio album “Ley de Gravedad,” Fonsi has continuously broken sales records while leading the charts. His undeniable and unique talent, as well as his extensive lists of radio hits, has made him one of music’s most influential and successful artists, allowing him to break barriers, cross borders and seduce millions of people around the world.
He has earned multiple gold, platinum and diamond records as well as some of the most prestigious awards, including four Grammy nominations, five Latin Grammy awards, 12 Latin Billboard Awards, five Billboard Awards, 17 Premios Juventud, two American Music Awards and two Teen Choice Awards. In addition to the awards, Fonsi has received seven Guinness World Records titles thanks to his chart-topping song “Despacito.”
His ninth album, “Vida,” debuted at No. 1 on Billboard’s Top Latin Albums chart and certified double diamond for more than 1.3 million copies sold in the U.S. Four of the singles — “Despacito,” with Daddy Yankee and Justin Bieber; “Echame La Culpa,” with Demi Lovato; “Calypso,” with Stefflon Don; and “Impossible” with Ozuna — reached No. 1 on the radio charts.
Since its release in February 2019, “Vida” has been nominated for a Grammy, Latin Grammy, Latin American Music Awards, Premio Lo Nuestro and Premios Billboard a la Musica Latina, among others.
After conquering the world with his album “Vida,” Fonsi continued to release hit singles, including “Date La Vuelta” with Nicky Jam and Sebastián Yatra, “Girasoles” and the most recent “Perfecta” with Farruko.
Prior to the pandemic, Fonsi toured the world with his successful “Vida World Tour,” which began in 2019 in Europe and continued in the U.S. Guatemala, Paraguay, Argentina, Chile and Saudi Arabia.
Between 2021 and 2022, Fonsi successfully released multiple hits, including “Vacío” with Rauw Alejandro, “Besame” with Myke Towers, “Nuestra Balada” and most recently “Vacaciones” with Manuel Turizo, and “Ley de Gravedad,” the title track for his 10th studio album, released in March 2022 under Universal Music Latino. The album debuted top 10 on Billboard’s Top Latin Albums and it registered 975 million combined streams on the different digital platforms where Fonsi has a total of 42.7 billion combined streams.
Two weeks after the album release, Fonsi made an impactful appearance on the 94th Academy Awards alongside Megan Thee Stallion, Becky G and the cast of the “Encanto” movie to perform the viral hit “We Don’t Talk About Bruno” for the first time in live television. The singer-songwriter, who spent most of 2022 touring in Europe and Latin America with his “Noche Perfecta Tour” as well as serving as one of the hosts of the Latin Grammys ceremony, released his new song “Buenos Aires” in May 2023, the first single from his upcoming studio album set to be released this year.
In the summer of 2023, while participating in “La Voz Espana” as one of the coaches, Fonsi performed multiple concerts in different cities in Spain, attracting thousands of people and receiving excellent reviews from the media. On Aug. 24, 2023, he went viral in social media and public opinion by releasing his current single “Pasa La Pagina Panama,” which debuted at No 1. in different countries, including Spain.
On Sept. 15, 2023, Fonsi marked his 25-year artistic career anniversary, and in February, he began the celebration with a sold-out concert in Madrid’s Wizink Center in front of 16,000 people and two days later performed in front of 400,000 people in Tenerife, Spain. In between concerts, and promotional trips, Fonsi has released three more singles of his highly anticipated studio album “El Viaje,”  “Santiago,” “La Romana,” and most recently “Marbella,” an collaboration with Spanish Urban artist Omar Montes.
For the last 16 years, Fonsi has served as the spoke person for St. Jude’s campaign “Thanks and Giving” for the Hispanic community. And since Hurricane Maria, he has worked intensely to help people on the island, both donating medicine and basic need products, as well as, building houses in the community of La Perla, through the Luis Fonsi Foundation.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group