Model and business mogul Hailey Bieber has shared a sweet new snap of her growing baby bump, following the announcement earlier this year that she and her husband Justin Bieber are expecting their first child.
The couple revealed the happy news in early May with a video and series of adorable photos showcasing Hailey's baby bump. For the occasion, Hailey donned a vintage white lace dress complete with veil, while Justin opted for a more casual look.
As she enjoys every moment of her pregnancy, the Rhode Beauty founder is keen to share these precious moments with her followers. This week, she posted a selfie on Instagram showing off her baby bump, amid reports that she's still overjoyed at the prospect of becoming a mother.
In the recent photo, Hailey can be seen striking a pose in a bright red T-shirt and blue dungarees. Sporting a fresh and glowing makeup look, she has her hair tied back and appears radiant, reports the Mirror US.
A source told Us Weekly: "Hailey is ecstatic and soaking up every moment of her pregnancy."
The insider also revealed that the nursery for the couple's first baby is "nearly finished", adding that Justin has been "so affectionate and loving", with the pair eagerly anticipating the next chapter in their lives and marriage.
An insider has spilled the beans that Justin and Hailey's relationship is "stronger than ever" despite their rollercoaster romance. The lovebirds first crossed paths when Hailey was just a fan meeting Justin.
Their friendship blossomed over time, and they made it official in 2016, only to hit pause on their romance shortly after. During the break, Justin rekindled an old flame with Selena Gomez, but eventually, he and Hailey found their way back to each other.
The couple tied the knot in a hush-hush ceremony in late 2018 and doubled down on their commitment with a lavish second wedding in 2019. Now, brushing off any whispers of trouble in paradise, they seem to have reaffirmed their love and started their family, quashing split speculations.
The couple are now preparing to welcome their first child, with their bond "stronger than ever" as they gear up to become first-time parents.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.