Hailey Bieber looked stunning in an all-black look as she hit the red carpet without her husband Justin just days after slamming "false" rumours circulating on social media about her marriage to the Baby singer.
The 27-year-old model attended the Vanity Fair x Saint Laurent x NBC Universal Oppenheimer Film Toast bash in Los Angeles on Friday, joining celebrities including Zoe Kravitz and Salma Hayek. Hailey wore black, loose-fitting trousers paired with a blazer with buttons in the front.
She finished the look with dark brown closed-toed heels that were in contrast with the all-black outfit. She styled her hair in light waves flowing down past her shoulders.
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber slams false theories about Justin Bieber marriage amid her dad's plea
Her make-up was simple, with bronze shadow around her eyes and a layer of mascara on her lashes. She also added a warm blush to her cheeks and a glossy, nude-coloured tint on her lips.
Hailey was seen at the event shortly after she took to Instagram to slam "false" theories surrounding her marriage to Justin. The claims were spread after her father, Stephen Baldwin, asked for prayers for the couple.
She posted: "Just FYI the stories and constant 'blind items' I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong. Made out of thin air... come from the land of delusion." Hailey then apologised for disappointing anyone with the truth by adding: "So I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they're always false xx sorry to spoil it." Hailey's famous dad Stephen caused controversy when he shared a video of Justin singing on his Instagram page.
The caption on the clip read: "Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord." Hailey was reportedly left fuming at her father for the update as it referred to a private matter.
The post upload was originally posted by Victor Marx and was a video of Justin playing a guitar and singing a Christian song called I Will Sing of Your Love Forever. While it is unknown why Stephen was asking for prayers, TMZ claimed that sources close to Hailey say the couple are going through a "private" family matter.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
Hailey and Justin tied the knot back in September of 2018 during a secret New York City courthouse wedding. Ever since the pair have faced a number of divorce rumours with fans constantly questioning their love and loyalty for each other. But despite the critics, Justin's love for Hailey seems to still be going strong as he has taken to social media to showcase his devotion to his wife.
To celebrate the couple's five year wedding anniversary last year Justin shared a sweet picture of the pair kissing with the caption: "To the most precious, my beloved. 5 years. You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let’s keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.