Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Priced at $34.99, the two-in-one meal kit includes everything you need to whip up a beef shepherd's pie and a classic English trifle — here's when and where to buy it online.

							By 

	Danielle Directo-Meston

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	In the one where you channel your inner Rachel Green this holiday, HelloFresh has released a festive meal kit inspired by one of Friends‘ most iconic — and layered — dishes.

	Available online at HelloFresh’s microsite, Rachel Green’s Trifle Kit ($34.99) will be released daily at 6 a.m. PT/9 a.m. ET and feeds up to six people. It contains everything that superfans need to whip up every layer of custard, ladyfingers, jam and meat in the English trifle and beef shepherd’s pie seen in the Thanksgiving episode of Friends season six. Don’t worry — there’s also a special glass serving dish with a divider for those who prefer to separate their sweet from savory, plus an exclusive Friends-inspired apron.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








Related: The Best Friends Merch for Celebrating The Beloved Series’ 30th Anniversary

	The sweet trifle features mixed berry preserves and whipped cream, while the shepherd’s pie includes ground beef, white cheddar and thyme mashed potatoes. (Vegans can easily substitute with their own ingredients, too.)

	HelloFresh’s meal kit is among the many releases to celebrate Friends‘ 30th anniversary. Southwest Airlines recently offered flight deals for fans, and Warner Bros. Discovery is offering exclusive show-inspired merch ahead of the opening of the official Friends Experience at MGM Grand in Las Vegas.

Friends premiered on Sept. 22, 1994, and made household names out of stars Jennifer Aniston (who played Rachel Green), Courteney Cox (Monica Geller), Lisa Kudrow (Phoebe Buffay), David Schwimmer (Ross Geller), Matt LeBlanc (Joey Tribiani) and the late Matthew Perry (Chandler Bing), who died in 2023. 

	Currently streaming on Max, the series ran for 10 seasons and earned six Emmys — including best comedy series, best actress for Aniston, best supporting actress for Kudrow and best guest actors for Bruce Willis and Christina Applegate in the category — and Warner Bros. Discovery released a reunion special in 2021 that featured the original gang as well as guest stars David Beckham, Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Kit Harington.

	HelloFresh’s Rachel Green Trifle Kit was first released on Nov. 4. It will be available to buy online with free shipping during its final drop on Nov. 7 starting at 6 a.m. PT/9 a.m. PT. Buy it at HelloFreshFriendsTrifle.com before it sells out or shop the meal kit company’s other Friendsgiving-ready delivery options at HelloFresh.com.

	










	Looking for early gifts for yourself or other Friends fans? Shop some of the best show-inspired merch and food-related gifts below, from Lego sets and Central Perk cookie jars to Advent calendars and phone cases.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.