This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Jennifer Lopez posted a seductive photo on Instagram following her split from Ben Affleck. Mariah Carey suffered a terrible family tragedy, losing two family members on the same day. (Getty Images)
Welcome to the Fox News Entertainment Newsletter. To receive this newsletter in your email, subscribe here.
‘LET’S GET LOUD’ - Jennifer Lopez shows Ben Affleck what he’s missing after divorce in sultry revenge photo.
'HEART IS BROKEN' - Mariah Carey says mother and sister died on same day, asks for privacy during 'impossible time.'
Drew Barrymore is known for her unique style of interviewing. She often physically touches her guests. (Matthew Taplinger/CBS via Getty Images)
UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL - Drew Barrymore will try to ‘practice physical distance’ on talk show.
'MARRY ME' - Jennifer Lopez’s ‘extravagant lifestyle’ hard on marriage, creates ‘challenges in finding love’: experts.
DESERT NIGHTS - Burning Man festival draws star-studded crowd with nudity and 'Orgy Dome.'
SUPERMODEL SECRET - Sports Illustrated Swimsuit model Kate Upton reveals the one thing she'll never do to stay in shape.
Justin and Hailey Bieber welcomed their first child together, Jack Blues. (Kevin Mazur/MG21/Getty Images For The Met Museum/Vogue)
FAMILY TRADITION - Justin Bieber and wife Hailey welcome their first baby, continue family tradition with sentimental name.
REST IN PEACE - Loretta Lynn's granddaughter dead 'after a long and difficult health battle.'
GRAY HAIR, DON'T CARE - Salma Hayek flaunts bikini bod, 'white hair' in new photos.
Two cast members from the upcoming reality series "The Secret Lives of Mormon Wives" share how much money they can make from brand deals on TikTok. (Fred Hayes/Disney)
BIG BUCK$ - 'Secret Lives of Mormon Wives' stars disclose insane amount of money they make from TikTok.
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
FOLLOW FOX NEWS ON SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
X, formerly Twitter 
This article was written by Fox News staff.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.