Manage your account
Video above from previous coverage
TAMPA, Fla. (WFLA) — Rapper Sean Kingston and his mother appeared in federal court Friday on charges that they committed wire fraud, according to the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of Florida.
Kingston, whose real name is Kisean Anderson, and Turner, 61, both of Southwest Ranches, allegedly conspired to commit wire fraud in order to steal high-end specialty vehicles, jewelry, and other goods, prosecutors said.
Both were indicted by a grand jury on charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and five counts of wire fraud. If convicted, they could face up to 20 years in prison for each count.
Prosecutors said Kingston and Turner “unjustly enriched themselves by falsely representing that they had executed bank wire or other monetary payment transfers as payment for vehicles, jewelry, and other goods purchased by the defendants, when in fact no such bank wire or other monetary payment transfers had been executed.”
The two are accused of stealing more than $1 million in property though the scheme, prosecutors said.
Kingston allegedly messaged the victims on Instagram and other platforms to purchase vehicles and other goods, according to the indictment. He is accused of using his celebrity status to persuade the victims into not using traditional business practices and to provide the goods before receiving full payment.
He then allegedly sent fake documents over text stating that the transfers were initiated, but he and his mother would then stop contacting the victims, according to the indictment.
Turner was arrested in May at Kingston’s rented Florida home after a SWAT raid. Kingston was arrested a few hours later at his home in California.
At the time of his arrest, Kingston was on probation for trafficking stolen property. His mother previously served prison time for bank fraud.
The Jamaican American performer had a No. 1 hit with “Beautiful Girls” in 2007 and collaborated with Justin Bieber on the song “Eenie Meenie.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WFLA.