June 17, 2024 06:00 ET


 | Source:
            
Music Licensing, Inc.





Music Licensing, Inc.

Naples, FL, June  17, 2024  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Music Licensing, Inc. (OTC: SONG), a premier company in the acquisition and management of music royalties, is delighted to announce the acquisition of royalty-generating intellectual property in "FAMILY ONLY" by DaniLeigh. This acquisition underscores the company's strategic efforts to enhance its portfolio with valuable assets from prominent artists.
"FAMILY ONLY" by DaniLeigh is a track that has captivated listeners and continues to perform well across various platforms. This acquisition aims to leverage its revenue potential for long-term growth.
Watch "FAMILY ONLY" by DaniLeigh here.
About Music Licensing, Inc. (OTC: SONG) (ProMusicRights.com)
Music Licensing, Inc. (OTC: SONG), also known as Pro Music Rights, is a diversified holding company and the fifth public performance rights organization (PRO) formed in the United States. Its licensees include notable companies such as TikTok, iHeart Media, Triller, Napster, 7Digital, Vevo, and many others. Pro Music Rights holds an estimated market share of 7.4% in the United States, representing over 2,500,000 works by notable artists such as A$AP Rocky, Wiz Khalifa, Pharrell, Young Jeezy, Juelz Santana, Lil Yachty, MoneyBagg Yo, Larry June, Trae Pound, Sauce Walka, Trae Tha Truth, Sosamann, Soulja Boy, Lex Luger, Trauma Tone, Lud Foe, SlowBucks, Gunplay, OG Maco, Rich The Kid, Fat Trel, Young Scooter, Nipsey Hussle, Famous Dex, Boosie Badazz, Shy Glizzy, 2 Chainz, Migos, Gucci Mane, Young Dolph, Trinidad James, Chingy, Lil Gnar, 3OhBlack, Curren$y, Fall Out Boy, Money Man, Dej Loaf, Lil Uzi Vert, and countless others, as well as artificial intelligence (A.I.) created music.
Additionally, Music Licensing, Inc. (OTC: SONG) owns royalty stakes in Listerine "Mouthwash" Antiseptic and musical works by artists such as The Weeknd, Justin Bieber, Kanye West, Elton John, Mike Posner, blackbear, Lil Nas X, Lil Yachty, DaBaby, Stunna 4 Vegas, Miley Cyrus, Lil Wayne, XXXTentacion, Jeremih, Ty Dolla $ign, Eric Bellinger, Ne-Yo, MoneyBagg Yo, Halsey, Desiigner, DaniLeigh, Rihanna, and numerous others.
Forward-Looking Statements:
This press release contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbors created thereby. Investors are cautioned that, all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including without limitation, the ability of Music Licensing, Inc. & Pro Music Rights, Inc. to accomplish its stated plan of business. Music Licensing, Inc. & Pro Music Rights, Inc. believes that the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements contained herein are reasonable, any of the assumptions could be inaccurate, and therefore, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements included in this press release will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation by Pro Music Rights, Inc., Music Licensing, Inc., or any other person.
Non-Legal Advice Disclosure:
This press release does not constitute legal advice, and readers are advised to seek legal counsel for any legal matters or questions related to the content herein.
Non-Investment Advice Disclosure:
This communication is intended solely for informational purposes and does not in any way imply or constitute a recommendation or solicitation for the purchase or sale of any securities, commodities, bonds, options, derivatives, or any other investment products. Any decisions related to investments should be made after thorough research and consultation with a qualified financial advisor or professional. We assume no liability for any actions taken or not taken based on the information provided in this communication
Contact: investors@ProMusicRights.com
SOURCE: Music Licensing, Inc.

                                                            Naples, FL, April  14, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Music Licensing, Inc. (OTC: SONG) and its wholly owned subsidiary Pro Music Rights, Inc. (PMR) have submitted a detailed and forceful response to the...
                                                        

                                                                Naples, FL, Feb.  27, 2025  (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) --  Music Licensing, Inc. (OTC: SONG), also known as Pro Music Rights, a diversified holding company and the fifth public performance rights...