Manage your account
When it comes to booking a vacation, staycation, or a night on the town, it’s important to find the right vibe. And when it comes to booking any of the above in New York City, there’s plenty to consider and choose from. The coolest hotels in New York City are not what you’d find on a typical family vacay (unless you’re vacationing with the Kardashians). These nine swanky Manhattan hotels are just as fashionable as their clientele.
Whether you prefer a modern skyscraper or a restored historical landmark, the designers behind the most stylish New York City hotels have ensured that they’ll satisfy your aesthetic appetite. Here’s a (probably obvious) insider secret—many influencers, celebrities, and editors will book a hotel specifically to get photo and video content. The perfect mirror selfie, beauty secrets video, or movie premiere GRWM (get ready with me) requires a photogenic background. If these hotels look familiar to you, it’s probably because you’ve already double-tapped an image of them.
Of course, with any five-star celebrity experience comes a five-star price tag. Manhattan’s luxury hotel prices are not for the financial faint of heart—the going rate for a night at one of these hotels starts at around $500 a night.
If the room rate is out of your Instagram photo budget, do not fret! Most of these luxury hotels are home to elegant restaurants, cozy bars, and late-night hot spots. Speaking from experience, you’ll be able to enjoy a cocktail in the bar at The Beekman Hotel while spotting Emily in Paris cast members or bumping shoulders with Elle Fanning while walking into The Bowery Hotel’s restaurant. The drinks may be $20 a glass, but the experience is priceless.
Keep reading for the nine coolest restaurants in New York City during fashion week, the Met Gala, and maybe even your family vacation.
The Beekman is a moody retreat nestled between the Financial District’s skyscrapers in Downtown Manhattan. Ten stories of hotel rooms border the photogenic atrium opening in the center of the historical building. When you enter the atrium bar, you may be tempted to spend your time gazing up at the beautiful skylight opening, but if you look around the ground floor, you may see stars.
The Bar Room in The Beekman is swanky and dark, which makes it a hotspot for celebrities and a popular date night option for locals. Order an old-fashioned at the bar, and get inspired by the hotel’s collection of vintage art and decor. If you’re spending the night at the hotel, you’ll be pleasantly surprised by how spacious the rooms are (at least by modern New York City standards).
This Lower East Side boutique hotel is known for its cozy lobby, French restaurant, and bathtubs—yes, bathtubs. If you follow fashion influencers on Instagram, there’s a good chance you’ve already seen the Ludlow Hotel bathrooms on your feed. The white and gold bathrooms are the perfect place to shoot fashion and beauty content or get ready in between fashion shows.
If you’re looking for a place to unwind after a day in the busy city, the room’s soaking tubs are the perfect way to relax. The rooms are small but bright and will make you feel like a real (luxurious) New Yorker.
If old-school glamour is your thing, you’ll adore The Carlyle Hotel. This Upper East Side hotel has been a neighborhood mainstay since 1930. The hotel is conveniently located near The Met, which is why it’s one of the best places to spot celebrities the week of the Met Gala. Treat yourself to a sip of the good life and book brunch at Dowlings, the recently renovated restaurant at The Carlyle. Every wall is covered in art, so you’ll feel like you’re at an exclusive museum while you drink your tea.
Whether you’re visiting New York City for the day or a longer stay, 11 Howard is worth adding to your itinerary. The hotel is right in SoHo, which makes it easy and stylish to grab a drink or stay the night if you plan on spending your time in the neighborhood. 11 Howard is home to The Blond, a bar that turns into a club when the clock strikes 10 pm. Enjoy your evening by sipping a cocktail in a velvet chair or dancing under disco lights—and when the night goes on later than anticipated, you can always get a room.
The Mark Hotel is another Upper East Side landmark for luxury. The black-and-white stripe signature design is a clear signal to New Yorkers that you know style. You can ride through Central Park in a striped pedicab, traverse the city on a striped bike, or even enjoy a sailboat ride during the summer. The Mark is a celebrity favorite for The Met Gala and fashion week, so plan your trip accordingly. If you stand outside the hotel before or after The Met Gala, you’re sure to get a glimpse of your favorite celeb!
Light pink furniture, white marble bathrooms, and a velvet-seat movie theater—no you’re not dreaming, you’re at Fouquet’s. This five-star hotel brought Parisian chic to the Tribeca neighborhood (and a big price tag along with it!). Fouquet’s opened in 2022 and quickly became an influencer and celebrity hotspot, thanks to its highly photographable features. If you don’t want to shell out a thousand dollars a night for a room, you can always get a good Insta pic at either of the hotel’s two restaurants.
Nine Orchard Hotel restored and transformed the building formerly known as Jarmulowsky Bank into an artful destination in the Lower East Side. The hotel preserved the building’s crown molding and expansive windows to bring a mix of old charm and modern taste into the space.
The Swan Rooms is the ultra-elegant dining option in the building and your best chance at spotting someone famous (though you’ll have to be mindful of the bar’s no photo policy). Be sure to make a reservation and dress for the occasion.
If you pay close attention to the background of celebrities’ Instagram photos or even the setting of Emma Chamberlain’s NYC YouTube vlogs, you’ll notice that there is a clear pattern—the wallpaper at The Crosby Street Hotel. This SoHo hotel is kitschy, playful, and glamorous without being pretentious.
The hotel rooms feature floor-to-ceiling windows, granite bathrooms, and more color than a New Yorker would ever dare to wear. In the winter months, enjoy a cappuccino in the cushy lobby bar and in the summer opt for afternoon tea in the courtyard.
What do Justin Bieber, Elle Fanning, Sofia Richie, and David Beckham have in common? They’ve all stayed at a hotel with a teddy bear. The Bowery Hotel, with Bo the Teddy Bear as its mascot, is arguably the most popular celebrity stay in NYC. I have yet to walk into The Bowery without spotting a celebrity and I’ve stopped in frequently!
Despite its huge reputation, the interior of the hotel is understated and feels like a stylish living room. The lobby is open to guests only, but you can always have dinner at Gemma, the hotel’s Italian restaurant.
Best of StyleCaster
24 Best Places to Buy Bedding Online in 2024
Here's How to Gift a Yearly MasterClass Subscription to Loved Ones For Less
Here's What 11/11 Means & Why Seeing 1111 Is Such a Powerful Sign From The Universe