The Red Sox made a run at Shane Bieber, who ultimately returned to Cleveland. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson)AP
Before former Cy Young winner Shane Bieber agreed to return to the Guardians on Friday, the Red Sox were deep in the mix to sign him.
Boston made a competitive offer for Bieber and was in it until the end, when Bieber agreed to a two-year, $26 million deal with an opt-out after 2025, according to a major league source. Bieber was said to have been thoroughly impressed with chief baseball officer Craig Breslow and his plan for him if he came to Boston.
The bidding wasn’t as simple as coming down to the Red Sox and Guardians for Bieber but the Red Sox were in fact a consideration at the end. The New York Post’s Jon Heyman reported Bieber turned down more money elsewhere to return to the only team he has ever played for. It’s unconfirmed, but possible if not likely, that the Red Sox made him an offer that fell into that category. Players who are in the middle of long rehabs sometimes like to stay with the same medical/training staff the whole way through. It’s unclear if that’s a factor for Bieber, who has been with the Guardians since they drafted him in the fourth round back in 2016.
Bieber, who owns a 62-32 record and a 3.22 ERA in 136 games (134 starts) for Cleveland since debuting in 2018 and won the Cy Young in 2020, underwent Tommy John surgery in April after tossing 12 shutout innings to start the season. Therefore, he’ll miss at least part, if not most, of the 2025 season. That means teams interested in signing the 29-year-old (30 in May) were likely offering deals with an eye on the late part of next season as well as 2026. The Red Sox signed reliever Liam Hendriks to a two-year deal under somewhat similar circumstances last offseason and he’s expected to contribute in 2025 after missing all of 2024 as he rehabbed from Tommy John.
Bieber’s deal in Cleveland reportedly guarantees $14 million (a $10 million base plus a $4 million buyout on a 2026 option) in 2025 and includes a $16 million option (effectively a $12 million decision) for 2026 if he’s not able to re-establish his value on the mound next season. It’s unclear what type of structure the Red Sox were offering him.
Boston’s search for substantial pitching upgrades continues. So far, Breslow has signed two veteran lefty relievers (Justin Wilson and Aroldis Chapman) but has not made a splash on the starting pitching market, where Max Fried, Corbin Burnes, Roki Sasaki, Jack Flaherty, Sean Manaea, Nathan Eovaldi, Nick Pivetta and Andrew Heaney remain unsigned on a fast-moving market. Names are expected to fly off the board once the Winter Meetings begin in Dallas early next week.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices