Sean “Diddy” Combs’ notorious “freak-offs” often unfolded right after his star-studded parties, according to a collection of videos and documents viewed by The Post.
At least three of Combs’ sex parties, which allegedly involved women being coerced or forced to perform hours-long sex acts, happened just hours after major industry events involving big names in Hollywood, music and sports.
Stars including Eva Longoria, Fergie, Ice-T, Quincy Jones and Paris Hilton were seen partying into the wee hours of the morning at the embattled music mogul’s MTV Video Music Awards afterparty on Aug. 29, 2005.
However, the A-listers eventually trickled out of the party, and there is no indication that they were aware of the alleged debauchery that would unfold next.
From there, the bash moved from Inside at Miami’s Space nightclub to Combs’ nearby mansion and appeared to transition into a full-blown orgy, according to the photos and videos viewed by The Post.
Combs, now 54, appeared to be the only celebrity present, and he was surrounded by a group of unclothed women and men.
The trove of evidence depicted two white men having sex with a very young black woman who clearly had white powder under her nose as Combs was stationed in the background.
Combs was seen wearing a white shirt with the words “God Is the Greatest” written in black letters — the same top he was photographed wearing at the starry VMAs afterparty.
Another recording captured a couple having loud intercourse on a table as a group of well-dressed onlookers surrounded them.
The videos viewed by The Post have dates that are consistent with verified details of events, locations and clothing that Combs and other guests were wearing; however, other videos are undated or marked with dates that are clearly incorrect.
The collection of videos are part of the same archive that features film appearing to show Combs having sex with a much younger celebrity that has been shopped around for sale to news outlets.
Additionally, many of the videos are dated to coincide with star-studded events like the 2004 and 2005 VMAs in Miami and the 2005 Super Bowl in Jacksonville, with each event apparently being followed by one of Diddy’s “freak-offs.”
As Page Six previously reported, a woman alleged Combs and two celebrities raped her when she was just 13 at a 2000 VMAs afterparty in a lawsuit filed earlier this week.
Combs denied the accusation, telling us via his attorneys, “In court, the truth will prevail: that Mr. Combs has never sexually assaulted anyone — adult or minor, man or woman.”
He also threw a VIP gala during the Super Bowl XXXIX in Jacksonville in February 2005, where famous faces included Ashton Kutcher, Ashlee Simpson and “Girls Gone Wild” founder Joe Francis.
Combs then moved the party to a $2 million mansion in nearby Sawgrass that he had reportedly rented for $20,000 a week.
A clip from the after-hours gathering shows two men having sex with each other, and in a different moment, Combs himself seemed to hold the camera and film while seemingly having sex with a woman.
The video does not show proof that any of the A-listers present at the party earlier were aware of the wild romp that ensued.
Federal agents raided Combs’ homes in Miami and Los Angeles in March as part of a sex trafficking investigation.
Officials seized hundreds of sex videos, hoards of sex paraphernalia and 1,000 bottles of baby oil and lube.
The US Attorney’s Office said in a statement at the time that the sex parties were not always consensual.
Combs has been accused of forcing women to engage in days-long sexual activity with male prostitutes, some of whom were “transported over state lines,” according to subsequent charges against him.
“These events, which Combs referred to as ‘Freak Offs,’ were elaborate sex performances that he arranged, directed and often electronically recorded,” court documents read.
“To ensure participation in Freak Offs, Combs used violence and intimidation, and leveraged his power over victims — power he obtained through obtaining and distributing narcotics to them, exploiting his financial support to them and threatening to cut off the same, and controlling their careers,” authorities further alleged.
The videos viewed by The Post are consistent with those obtained in the raids, a federal law enforcement source who is involved in the investigation said after being described the scenes in the recordings.
Combs is facing abuse accusations from more than 100 alleged victims, some of whom claimed the attacks happened after being drugged at his famous celebrity-filled soirées.
The wave of legal action against the music mogul was unleashed after his former girlfriend of 10 years, Cassandra “Cassie” Ventura, sued him for rape and abuse in November 2023. The rapper denied wrongdoing at the time, but a video surfaced in May of him violently assaulting the “Me & U” singer at a hotel in 2016.
The Bad Boy Records founder was arrested in New York City last month and charged with racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution.
Combs pleaded not guilty to the charges and is being held behind bars at Brooklyn’s notorious Metropolitan Detention Center after being denied bail.
If you or someone you know is experiencing domestic violence, please call the National Domestic Violence Hotline at 1-800-799-7233 for confidential support.
Advertisement