Normani Kordei attends The Vulture Spot at Sundance Film Festival – Day 1 at The Vulture Spot on January 19, 2024 in Park City, Utah.
Normani released her debut studio album Friday (June 14) after five years of working on it. Titled Dopamine, the former Fifth Harmony singer dropped the 13-track R&B album.
Normani, 28, has previously released singles "Motivation," "Wild Side," and "Waves." Prior to releasing Dopamine, the singer-songwriter released the lead single “1:59.” Not that she even needs features, but she has four songs including artists James Blake, Starrah, Gunna, and Cardi B. As a special treat, "Insomnia" features backing vocals by Brandy.
Of her long-awaited project to come to fruition, the Atlanta native told WhoWhatWear earlier this year that the album feels like "a representation of everything I’ve gone through to get to this moment." As for why the long wait, the artist wisely added, "know I needed time, experiences, and space" coming out of Fifth Harmony in order to "become the version of myself I needed to be." Had she rushed the process, Normani said she wouldn't have been able to create the music she is making now or exist within the creative space that she is in now. 
(Photo by Dia Dipasupil/Getty Images)
In a new interview with Billboard this week, Normani confidently states that she is "finally stepping into who I’ve been called to be." After having faced "so much adversity and so many roadblocks" while in the process of putting out her debut album, she confesses, "I could actually probably write a book."
Of some of those roadblocks and adversity faced, Normani parted ways with her former management company last year. She was signed to Brandon Silverstein‘s S10 Entertainment, who represented top artists like Anitta, involved with Justin Bieber’s "Peaches," Doja Cat's "Agora Hills," and Jack Harlow's "First Class."
Then, she signed with new managers Brandon Creed and Lydia Asrat through Good World Management and 10Q Management, respectively, in August 2023. Creed manages big names like Ariana Grande, Lizzo, Charli xcx, Troye Sivan, and Demi Lovato, while Asrat managed Doja Cat for years at the start of her career.
Fans had nothing but positive feedback on Normani's debut studio album on social media. "normani album was phenomenal…like what an artist," wrote one person on X (formerly Twitter). "Normani really ate that," added another fan. "All the songs have the right amount of everything. The adlibs, the harmonies, the production. I just know this is gonna go crazy live." A third user said, "To all the people that have been with Normani since fifth harmony…this is our day. WE WON!" Praised another, "Normani really gave us a 10/10 debut album. I never doubted her ONCE."
One fan went in deep and wrote: "I liked the Normani album more than I was expecting (based on the pre-released singles). Such a confident debut, and she seems to have found her sound. Take My Time is such a Song of the Summer. Insomnia is a career highlight. Tantrums is mind blowing." Added another, "THE ELECTRIC GUITAR ON INSOMNIA????? NORMANI YOU’RE INSANE FOR THATTTTT." A third stated, "Normani got a song they can play in europe/shopping centers, a song for the clubs, for the vibey R&B-loving weed smokers, for the pop lovers, for the experimental & production lovers, for the 90s/00s' lovers. and it's still cohesive."

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!