Fashion is one of the most fascinating cultural phenomena. Not only does it express the individuality and personal style of the individual, it has both influenced and been influenced by social and political movements. One of the most interesting fashion genres that have come to the fore, especially in the past few decades, is urban fashion.
In this article, we explore the history of urban fashion and some of its key characteristics and take a look at the biggest urban fashion brands of all time. Read on to find out what they are!

Urban fashion, also known as streetwear, has its roots in the late 1970s in New York City. Always closely linked to music, urban fashion grew in popularity alongside hip-hop culture on the East Coast. While out West in California, skate and surf cultures saw their own version of urban fashions being born, although both shared an oversized fit, allowing for free movement and very casual style.
During the 1990s, urban fashion really began to take hold of the mainstream, with sports like basketball and art like graffiti also having their own influence on it. By the 2000s, it had moved outside of North America and Europe and went global, with the rise of the internet and social media fuelling its popularity and many luxury and high fashion brands bringing urban fashion style into their lines. 
Like other fashion styles, urban fashion is broadly ranging and can come in many forms. However, there are a few key features that, at least for the most part, are shared by urban fashion as a whole. Comfort has always been a big aspect of urban fashion, as streetwear, in general, comes from what people wear on a day-to-day basis.
Graphic elements like bold typography and colours (imagine a graphic orange t-shirt) are another key feature to urban fashion — although not always the case. Accessories like snapback caps, sneakers, and beanies are all common in urban fashion. While layering and the mixing of high and low fashion are also elements of urban fashion that makes it stand out from other styles.
Urban fashion has gone mainstream, but there are a few celebrities who have popularised urban fashion and made it a part of day-to-day looks. Pharrell Williams is a great example of this, as has Justin Bieber, Virgil Abloah, Drake, and Kanye West. Rihanna and Gig Hadid both have rocked streetwear styles, as does Cardi B.
Urban fashion is something you can spot out of a crowd. It has its own vibe radiating off of it. Tracing back to the 80’s and 90’s explains why it remains such an iconic look as it is from an era that stands out among the rest. The city of origin may have something to do with the powerful character this style has. New York City is a city like no other.
It has been a dream of millions to visit New York City because of its uniqueness and status, and this character of the city was implemented into the urban streetwear style. The character it grew within its prime is what makes the look so iconic. It also summarises the impact America had on the fashion industry at that time as it also implemented Western styles such as their LA surfer culture style.
It has a lot of soul and culture, far from any other style. Its boldness holds the characteristics of those individuals who wore this style in the 90s and embodied the freeness/rebellion at the time. Even with modern elements and twists to urban fashion, rebellious nature and free spirit still carry through clothing.
As mentioned above, music fuelled the urban fashion scene and continues to this day. With each new artist and lyrical genius, more character is added to this style from their personal styles. It is a style built by the people and for the people, and it is here to stay.

				I'm a Libra artisan who creates beautiful works of art. To me, true beauty isn't just skin deep - it's about creating something that inspires people and brings out the best in them. Even a simple article can have a profound impact on someone's life.			
 Copyright © 2025 Therolladailynews.com All Rights Reserved. 
Copyright © 2025 Therolladailynews.com All Rights Reserved.