All the decor, eats, and activities to make the squad feel special. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Christmas is great, Halloween is fun, and New Year’s Eve is...ideal for those who thrive in glitter. But real ones know there's nothing better than getting your BFFs together for a night of laughter, tea-spilling, vino, and endless amounts of food (of the junk variety, preferably). 
Just ask the ultimate best friend: Leslie Knope from Parks and Recreation, who first put Galentine's Day on the map. Yup, that’s right—the best fake holiday, typically celebrated on February 13th, was created by your fave fictional television character (during season 2, episode 16, if you want to watch for proof). Just when you thought the shining star of Pawnee couldn’t get any more iconic, right!?
Anyway, if you’re thinking about texting the squad and inviting them over for a platonic-love-inspired shindig, you've come to the right place. I went ahead and put together this list of 32 cute (and actually fun!) Galentine’s Day party ideas that you can totally pull off, no matter your creativity level. Go ahead and try your hand at a few, and get ready to feel allll the feels. 
If you and your girlies love a theme, sync up and dress for the occasion. Maybe you wanna go the traditional route and stick with a red and pink color scheme. Or maybe you'd prefer to don matching pajamas for a comfy night in. Whatever it may be, just make sure to get a group pic before the end of the night.
Putting together the perfect bouquet is an art form, so put on your beret. Stock up on some paddle wire, water tubes, garden shears, green tape, and, of course, fresh flowers, then let the crafting commence. 
The ultimate crowd-pleaser: cheese. Of the gooey variety. If that’s not your vibe (or you're lactose intolerant), try melting some chocolate instead. Either way, you can't go wrong. 
If you've been on TikTok in the past, I don't know, four years, you've definitely come across a favorite things swap video. Basically, everyone at the party brings a few products they can't live without, and then shares with the group. You'll leave with some items you're hyped to try, and the excitement of hearing what your friends think of your picks. See below for a few beauty products your friends would probably LOVE to take off your hands. 
We take beverages seriously over here, which is why we have an entire (very extensive) list of cute Valentine's Day mocktails and cocktails ready for your perusal, which you can totally repurpose for the 13th. Oh, and a list of pink cocktails, too, which are also on theme. Pick your fave and batch it up ahead of time so you have a signature drink to serve throughout the night.  
Blow these babies up and tape ’em over your bar cart or on a blank wall for a great photo backdrop. Your feed won't know what hit it. 
If your love language is gift-giving, then you’ll be all over this. Grab some festive bags (totes are the best option, imho, because they’re easy to reuse!) and fill them up with treats. Try to add personalized items you know each friend will be obsessed with to show them how much you care and listen. 
Sure, you could pay a combined gazillion dollars at the nail salon for a mediocre mani during which you might not even get to sit next to each other. Or! You could each pitch in just a few bucks to get a quality gel manicure kit that you can use at home, where you can gossip undisturbed.
There’s nothing like a little friendly competition where everybody technically wins! Pick a recipe and see who makes the best-looking, best-tasting version of it. How cute would a heart-shaped cake be, though?!
Grab a bottle (or seven) of your favorite drink, some paint supplies, and an image of something to replicate with your brush. Maybe something you all love, like a pizza? Or a portrait of Timmy Chalamet? Get creative! 
There’s nothing like breakfast food and mimosas to get the gals feeling fine. Celebrate the love holiday with some heart-shaped waffles, plus eggs, bacon, bagels, croissants, muffins, and whatever other morning treats your pals prefer. Pro tip: If you wanna go the extra mile, throw everything on a charcuterie platter and call it a brunch board. 
Fulfill your girl group dreams by belting your favorite tunes with your BFFs. All you’ll need are some karaoke mics, a YouTube video with lyrics, and a hyped-up audience. 
The concept? Secret Santa, but for G-Day. Everyone picks a name out of a hat and shows up to the party with a gift for whoever they choose. Be sure to make a budget that everyone feels comfortable sticking within! 
If spilling hot goss with a mask plastered to your face is wrong, I don’t want to be right. If you're looking for recommendations, I solemnly swear that this one from Peter Thomas Roth will leave your face feeling hydrated as hell. 
Love roasting your friends? Add the card game below to your Galentine’s Day agenda. Players get to channel their inner Regina George by anonymously spilling tea about each other in an actual burn book. It probably goes without saying, but just FYI, this game is not for the faint of heart (or weak friendships). 
Everybody brings a wrapped bottle and picks a number. Number one picks any bottle, number two can steal that bottle or pick a new one...repeat until everyone has wine in hand. (Oh, and only two steals are allowed per bottle.) Everyone goes home with some vino they're excited to try—if you don’t pop the corks before the night’s over, that is.
If you wanna stay on brand, stream a movie about friendship. May I suggest Booksmart or The Cheetah Girls? To make the vibes even cozier, watch it from a movie projector (outside is best, if the weather is nice enough where you live!).
Go old-school and document the night with a Polaroid camera. It's so fun to see how the photos turn out, and they double as decor and party favors!
Besides being delicious, heart-shaped pizzas look adorable and aren’t that hard to make. If you wanna get super extra, you can even cut your pepperonis into hearts. (But if that doesn’t work out, Domino’s will always have your back.)
Send each of your gals off with a note about why you love ’em so much (the gushier, the better). That’s what this day is all about, remember?
Does this give county fair vibes? Absolutely. In this case though, when I say "pie" I just mean a plate of whipped cream. And what's even better with this version is that you can make it boozy by using a can of Cardi B's Whipshots (see below!). 
Immortalize your epic Galentine's Day with pics that will leave y'all cheesing for months to come. You can go over-the-top with ring lights, tripods, full backdrops, and fire 'fits, or low-key with silly props and a good old iPhone.
Pick a color of PJs to wear so everyone can coordinate, then make a list of all the classic sleepover activities. You know: snacks, games, gossip, pillow fights (jk, no one actually does that, right?), and staying up way too late. If you really want to be Host of the Year, give your girls a cute little welcome gift bag of essentials, like eye masks, hair ties, and cozy socks. 
It's simple: each friend brings ingredients to make and then serve everyone in the group a mini, on-theme cocktail (again, inspo here). If you wanna cheat and go low effort (kind of like that one person you dated 🫠), use your favorite bottled cocktail. No one will ever know. 
Repurpose all the old mags you have lying around, or print off a few pics from Pinterest, then get to envisioning your best life. Hit a dollar store to grab some poster board, glue sticks, scissors, and whatever else you need to cut and paste your dreams into reality.
Taylor would be so proud. Choose words that remind you of your besties, then get to beading. After you exchange the bracelets, share why you chose those words and watch everyone's hearts explode with love.
Whether you head to a group pilates class, hit up a hiking trail, or try your hand at pickleball, throwing on your cutest workout set and being active with your besties is always a good idea. 
Trust me, this won't feel like a painful class presentation. The only requirement here is that you have to be passionate about your topic! So, prepare for monologues on everything from Beyoncé to the supremacy of French press coffee. If you need some Powerpoint theme inspiration, we gotchu.
Into sewing? Crocheting? Really anything that requires nimble fingers? Invite your friends over for a little craft circle, then exchange your creations as tokens of love! 
You can either go out somewhere that serves high tea, or put together your own romantic setup at home. Either way, make sure your fascinators are on tight and your pinkies remain up.  
Accessories! Clothes! Shoes! Outwear! It's all fair game! Just bring big bags to take home all your new-to-you gems.
Everyone loves candles. These are the facts. Another fact: Burning them will feel even more special when you have the memories of making them by hand with your besties. 
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Reviewed: A New Hair Brand Made for Lazy People
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.