Ed Sheeran has expressed his deep appreciation for the widespread reach of his music, as he celebrates the remarkable achievement of his debut single 'The A Team' surpassing one billion streams.
The 33 year old chart-topper is thrilled that his songs have touched so many, each person connecting with "different memories and emotions" through his melodies. In a unique celebration with Spotify for their 'Billions Club: The Series', Ed gave a personal tour of his beloved Suffolk spots, even using one of his award plaques as an impromptu plate for scampi and chips on the beach.
Reflecting on his career, he remarked, "This is what England's about. This is my go-to meal on a Friday. Seeing [the plaques] all laid out is pretty mad because it's been 15 years of work."
He mused about the personal significance of music, saying, "Everyone uses music for different things and everyone has different memories and emotions connected to songs." With genuine humility, he added, "I'm really grateful that my music has travelled so far and I get to sit here and eat fish and chips out of them."
The singer-songwriter's journey included visits to his old secondary school and Framlingham Castle, the latter being the muse behind his hit 'Castle on the Hill'. Recalling his childhood in Suffolk, he shared, "I loved growing up in Suffolk as a kid. You just sort of run wild." Reminiscing further, Ed recounted, "This hill is where me and my mates used to come as kids to roll down. And then we used to come as teenagers to drink cider and smoke." He quipped about the iconic landmark, "It doesn't get more British than that castle."
At Decoy Studios, another stop on his trip, the 'Drunk' singer showcased various keepsakes and memorabilia, including a cherished photo with his wife Cherry Seaborn from a skiing holiday. He revealed: "Her family are big, big skiers so she taught me how to ski." The puppet from Ed's 'Happier' music video has also found a home at the studios. Ed couldn't help but chuckle: "Basically, I was on tour and couldn't shoot a music video so we used the puppet."
Showing off more than just his musical talents, Ed gave a tour of some personal memorabilia at the studios including the Ralph Lauren sweater from his first video, the striking pink suit from his 'Bad Habits' video, his inaugural guitar, alongside the panda head from the 'I Don't Care' collaboration with Justin Bieber. Plus, Ed flaunted a chic pair of Gucci sunglasses gifted by none other than Sir Elton John.
Sharing his admiration, he said: "My favourite artist ever is probably Elton John. I essentially dressed up as him in the 'Shivers' music video and he gave me a pair of glasses for it. How do I look? Does it suit me? He decked me out in style for the 'Shivers' music video with a pair of glasses. How do I look? Does it suit me?"
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.