Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





Thanks to court filings and news reports, the list of prominent people who were associates of Jeffrey Epstein continues to grow. For many, their ties to the notorious sex trafficker and longtime high-society hobnobber were not previously known. We’ve also learned about deeper ties between Epstein and some boldface names with whom he has already been associated, including how frequently Epstein met with his high-flying pals.
In 2019, New York published an exhaustive list of all of Epstein’s alleged high-society contacts, according to public documents available at the time. Below, a look at the new names and details revealed in the more recent reports and court documents, how those associates have been linked to Epstein, and additional developments in this ongoing saga.
.
A new lawsuit was filed June 3 in a Manhattan federal court by an unnamed woman against Henry Jarecki, whose name was in Jeffrey Epstein’s black book and private jet log, alleging that the former psychiatrist and wealthy commodities trader was involved in Epstein’s sex-trafficking ring and sexually abused her and other Epstein victims. The Wall Street Journal reports:
The lawsuit alleges that Epstein sent many of his victims to Jarecki to treat depression and that the psychiatrist shielded Epstein from law enforcement, prescribed the women medication and discussed their confidential medical information with Epstein. It also alleges that Jarecki used his friendship with Epstein to obtain young females from him and sexually abused them himself.
Sarita Kedia, a lawyer for Jarecki, said, “the allegations will be shown to be entirely false and baseless. Dr. Jarecki never engaged in any abusive conduct with the complainant or any other person.”
The lawsuit details extended alleged abuse by Jarecki, whom Epstein sent her to:
When she suffered emotional distress, the suit says Epstein arranged for her to meet Jarecki at his home for psychological treatment. 
She described her symptoms to Jarecki and instead of helping her, Jarecki allegedly presented her with an expensive wristwatch and then offered a tour of his home. When they reached his bedroom, Jarecki—then in his 80s—raped her, according to the lawsuit. 
The woman says she told Epstein what had happened, and Epstein told her that he had made a deal with Jarecki and she had to continue seeing him, the suit says. The psychiatrist then told her that she was to have a “commercial relationship” with him and no longer see Epstein, according to the suit. The woman alleges that Jarecki housed her in an apartment in Gramercy Park near his home and controlled her life. He took testosterone pills to increase his sex drive, forced her to have sex with other men in front of him on numerous occasions and took her to his private island where he abused her as well, according to the suit. 
The lawyer for the unnamed woman, Bradley Edwards, told the Journal he is looking for additional victims to come forward.
.
On March 28, Wired published an investigation that linked mobile phones tracked on Epstein’s notorious Caribbean island back to other locations across the U.S. and abroad:
Nearly 200 mobile devices of people who visited Jeffrey Epstein’s notorious “pedophile island” in the years prior to his death left an invisible trail of data pointing back to their own homes and offices. Maps of these visitations generated by a troubled international data broker with defense industry ties, discovered last week by WIRED, document the numerous trips of wealthy and influential individuals seemingly undeterred by Epstein’s status as a convicted sex offender. The data amassed by Near Intelligence, a location data broker roiled by allegations of mismanagement and fraud, reveals with high precision the residences of many guests of Little Saint James, a United States Virgin Islands property where Epstein is accused of having groomed, assaulted, and trafficked countless women and girls.
The report does not offer any specific details regarding whom those homes and businesses may be linked to, noting that some of the coordinates were likely from mobile phones belonging to Epstein’s victims:
11,279 coordinates obtained by WIRED show not only a flood of traffic to Epstein’s island property — nearly a decade after his conviction as a sex offender — but also point to as many as 166 locations throughout the US where Near Intelligence infers that visitors to Little St. James likely lived and worked. The cache also points to cities in Ukraine, the Cayman Islands, and Australia, among others. Near Intelligence, for example, tracked devices visiting Little St. James from locations in 80 cities crisscrossing 26 US states and territories, with Florida, Massachusetts, Texas, Michigan, and New York topping the list. The coordinates point to mansions in gated communities in Michigan and Florida; homes in Martha’s Vineyard and Nantucket in Massachusetts; a nightclub in Miami; and the sidewalk across the street from Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue in New York City. … Near’s data is notably missing any locations in Europe, where citizens are safeguarded by comprehensive privacy laws.
On December 18, 2023, federal judge Loretta Preska ruled that sealed documents from Virginia Giuffre’s settled 2015 defamation lawsuit against Ghislaine Maxwell would be made public. That started happening on January 3, when 45 documents were released. (None of the documents directly implicates any of the Epstein associates named except for Maxwell, who is serving a 20-year sentence for her role in Epstein’s trafficking scheme.) Between the flight logs, Epstein’s black book, and all the reporting on his society connections, most of the names in the unsealed documents are already known — a reason Judge Preska cited when she ruled to release the documents.
Below are some details from the documents that appear to be new to the public, summarized in reverse chronological order as they were released.
.
Seven more court documents from Giuffre’s defamation lawsuit against Maxwell were released on January 9 — the final document release of the much-anticipated cycle. These last few documents are much longer than the previously unsealed files, some 1,500 pages including the 2016 deposition of Ghislaine Maxwell, the 2016 deposition of Jeffrey Epstein, and the 2016 deposition of Virginia Giuffre.
Under oath, Giuffre claimed that she was forced to have sex with “Prince Andrew for one” as well as another prince who “did speak [a] foreign tongue” and “spoke English well.” Giuffre also claimed she was paid $15,000 to have sex with Prince Andrew. (In 2022, Prince Andrew settled a sexual abuse lawsuit filed by Giuffre; under the terms, he was not required to admit guilt.) Later, Giuffre is asked: “What prominent American politicians other than the ones we’ve already named were you trafficked to?” She answered Bill Richardson and a name that is redacted. (A spokesperson for Richardson, who died last year, denied any wrongdoing.)
.
Seventeen more court documents from Giuffre’s defamation lawsuit against Maxwell were released on January 8. They include a salacious claim from a woman named Sarah Ransome, who said that her friend had sex with Bill Clinton, Prince Andrew, and Richard Branson while working for Epstein and that she had video of some of the encounters. Emails from Ransome to a New York Post reporter in 2016 even claim to know Donald Trump’s sexual proclivities. Ransome later emailed the reporter, saying she wanted to “retract everything I have said to you and walk away from this.” In 2019, Ransome also told The New Yorker she never actually had any video.
The documents also include what appear to be new pictures of alleged victims on Little St. James island.
.
Seventy-three more court documents from Giuffre’s defamation lawsuit against Maxwell were released on January 5. They include a partial transcript of Maxwell’s July 2016 deposition, in which she was frequently advised by her attorney not to answer questions regarding Epstein — including one about her being aware of Epstein’s allegedly having sex with a 13-year-old.
The documents include a telling email exchange in which Maxwell informed Epstein of Gawker’s publication of his little black book of contacts in 2015. “Should not be legal,” Epstein emailed back. They also contain a deposition from his former house manager Juan Alessi, who claimed Prince Andrew spent “weeks” at Epstein’s Palm Beach mansion, during which he had “daily massages.”
“A massage was like a treat for everybody,” Alessi said.
The docs also include a memo from 2004 informing Epstein that Harvey Weinstein had called him. (“At the time, Epstein was seen as a wealthy power broker with access to many people of various industries and for many reasons,” Weinstein’s spokesman, Juda Engelmayer, told the Associated Press.)
.
Nineteen more court documents from Giuffre’s defamation lawsuit against Maxwell were released on January 4. Most of the information in the release has already been made public in some capacity — including one eye-popping but unsubstantiated allegation about Bill Clinton. In an email exchange with reporter Sharon Churcher from 2011, Giuffre claimed the former president had once “walked into” the office of Vanity Fair and “threatened them not to write sex-trafficing articiles about his good friend J.E.” The claim — which first appeared as an unverified tip on Gawker in 2007  — has never been verified. Soon after the documents were made public, a representative for former Vanity Fair editor Graydon Carter told the Telegraph that “this categorically did not happen.”
.
Vulture’s Zoe Guy explains:
In one deposition, alleged victim Johanna Sjoberg is examined by attorney Laura Menninger, who asked Sjoberg about press reports saying she met Cate Blanchett and Leonardo DiCaprio. Sjoberg affirms that she never met either Blanchett or DiCaprio, only that Epstein name-dropped and claimed to be taking calls from the two A-list actors in front of her. “He would be on the phone a lot at that time, and one time he said, ‘Oh, that was Leonardo,’ or, ‘That was Cate Blanchett,’ or Bruce Willis,” she told the attorney, according to documents reviewed by Vulture. Sjoberg added that she did not meet Cameron Diaz or Naomi Campbell, either.
.
Several new details came from a 2016 deposition by Johanna Sjoberg, an alleged Epstein victim who claimed to have been trafficked by him between 2001 and 2006. Sjoberg was asked in her deposition if Epstein had ever mentioned Bill Clinton.
“He said one time that Clinton likes them young, referring to girls,” Sjoberg said under oath. (She noted that she never met the former president.) In another document, Maxwell claimed Clinton had never been to Epstein’s island.
Sjoberg also claimed she was once on a private plane with Epstein when it made an unexpected stop in Atlantic City. “Great, we’ll call Trump,” she said, paraphrasing Epstein. (Both Trump and Clinton have denied any wrongdoing in the years in which they associated with Epstein.)
.
On the day the court documents were unsealed, Mark Epstein, the younger brother of the late financier, told the New York Post that his brother once told him he knew damning details about both Hillary Clinton and Trump. “Here’s a direct quote: ‘If I said what I know about both candidates, they’d have to cancel the election,’” Mark Epstein said, paraphrasing his brother. Mark also told the Post that he believed there was a conspiracy involved in his brother’s death. “It seems like a cover-up,” he said. “Why can’t I find his pre-hospital care report and why can’t I get the 911 call?”
Mark Epstein later told NewsNation that his brother “was just having a good time.”
.
Sjoberg also provided two new Epstein associates in her deposition: David Copperfield and Michael Jackson. She claimed she met Jackson at Epstein’s Palm Beach mansion. On another occasion at one of Epstein’s homes, she met Copperfield, who she said “did some magic tricks.” Sjoberg claimed Copperfield “questioned me if I was aware that girls were getting paid to find other girls.” Sjoberg, who was in college, recalled seeing a younger girl at dinner with Copperfield and thought she appeared to be of high-school age but she wasn’t certain: “I had to assume for my own sanity that she was a daughter of one of his friends.”
.
In an email from January 2015, Epstein told Maxwell he would “issue a reward to any of Virginia [Giuffre’s] friends” willing to “come forward and help prove her allegations are false.” In the same email, Epstein wrote, “The strongest is the clinton dinner, and the new version in the Virgin Islands that stven hawking partica-ted in an underage orgy.” (Hawking, who has not been accused of any wrongdoing, was photographed on Epstein’s Little St. James island in 2006, the year Epstein was first charged.)
.
While Epstein’s madam once claimed she had little contact with him after his sweetheart prison deal ended in 2009, emails between the two show an exchange as late as 2015. “You have done nothing wrong,” Epstein wrote Maxwell in January of that year. “I would urge you to start acting like it. Go outside, head high, not as an escaping convict. Go to parties. Deal with it.” Earlier that month, Epstein sent Maxwell the email asking her to find sources to counter Virginia Giuffre’s claims.
.
In a deposition from 2009, former Epstein housekeeper Alfredo Rodriguez said that Ghislaine Maxwell threatened him to keep quiet about Epstein’s alleged sex trafficking. “She said something like don’t open your mouth or something like that,” he said. “I’m 55 and I’m afraid. First of all, I don’t have a job, but I’m glad this is on tape because I don’t want nothing to happen to me.”
Rodriguez also stated in the deposition that he was supposed to carry cash “at all times” to hand over to girls at Epstein’s Palm Beach mansion. He died in 2015 after being sentenced to 18 months in prison for attempting to sell Epstein’s little black book — the same sentence length Epstein was given for his crimes.
.
The documents include new allegations regarding several contacts already known to have had associations with Epstein:
Buckingham Palace declined to comment to the Daily Beast on Prince Andrew’s behalf. When the documents were released, Dershowitz — who helped negotiate Epstein’s cushy prison deal — went on Fox News to deny the allegations.
.
Some social media posts have have claimed that the newly released documents contain the names from Jeffrey Epstein’s client list, but those claims are false.
Reporting from multiple outlets continues to uncover boldfaced names who hadn’t initially been connected to Epstein, but who came into contact with him over the years.
In the spring of 2023, the Wall Street Journal discovered multiple new names after it obtained a previously unreported trove of documents, including thousands of emails and Epstein’s private schedules dating from 2013 to 2017. (The New York Times obtained Epstein’s scheduling documents through a public-records request to the U.S. Virgin Islands attorney general.) The documents all pertain to the time period after Epstein pleaded guilty in 2008 to soliciting and procuring a minor for prostitution in Florida, and at least some of the period was after Epstein was publicly accused of sex trafficking by victim Virginia Giuffre in 2015.
The schedules include details of numerous meetings Epstein planned and with whom — but the Journal noted at the time that it could not verify whether all of the meetings actually occurred. Many of the meetings took place at Epstein’s Upper East Side townhouse, one of the locations where he is alleged to have sexually abused women and girls.
Below, a running list of those names:
According to the Wall Street Journal, the designer was one of the people listed on Epstein’s schedules after 2008, and some victims who the Journal spoke with said that Epstein had used Wang’s name while leading the victims to believe he would help them with their fashion careers. Per the Journal, “Wang said she regrets ever associating with Epstein. ‘I never knew he was using my name in any capacity, and it horrifies and repulses me to now hear that he did so,’ she said.”
The Wall Street Journal also reports that the model’s name was in Epstein’s schedules after 2008, and that one of Epstein’s accusers went with him to a Campbell event in Paris:
The Ukrainian model said she attended a 2010 fashion event for Naomi Campbell in Paris when Epstein spotted her and sent a Russian woman to talk to her. The woman described Epstein to her as a wealthy philanthropist who was a friend of Campbell and could help her modeling career. “She seemed very upper-class,” the Ukrainian said of the Russian woman. “I saw her standing next to the celebrities in the VIP crowd.” Campbell “had no idea Epstein was using her name to attract young girls interested in modeling, and as he did with many others, he overstated their acquaintanceship,” said a spokeswoman for the model. “She deeply regrets having had any contact with Epstein after his conviction.”
The Wall Street Journal reports that one of Epstein’s accusers said he had shown her emails he had exchanged with Jagland, explaining that he wanted her to meet him.
Presidential candidate Robert Kennedy Jr. said in a Fox News interview that he twice flew on Jeffrey Epstein’s plane, as Intelligencer’s Matt Stieb explains:
“I was on it in 1993,” Kennedy said. “And I went to Florida with my wife and two children to visit my mom over Easter. My wife had some sort of relationship with Ghislaine Maxwell.” He said the second trip was also with his wife at the time, Mary Richardson, and his four children to go fossil-hunting in South Dakota. You know, standard family-trip fare …
Kennedy claimed that he was on a flight to Palm Beach, Florida, for Easter in 1993. But Epstein’s flight logs from the early ’90s show that RFK Jr. and family members flew with Epstein and Maxwell from Teterboro airport to Florida on February 17 and that they flew back on February 27 — almost two months before the Easter holiday that year. There is also no record in any publicly available Epstein flight logs of the Kennedy family’s fossil-collecting trip to South Dakota.
According to a court filing, Epstein advised Brin from 2004 to 2007, including guidance on how to set up a tax shelter — a tax-saving trust for Brin’s kids called a grantor-retained annuity trust, or GRAT — with bankers at JPMorgan Chase. Brin had become a client of the bank in 2004 following a referral from Epstein and subsequently held more than $4 billion in accounts there. The Wall Street Journal notes that Epstein helped billionaire and Apollo Global Management co-founder Leon Black set up a similar tax shelter. Epstein’s relationship with Brin came to light in an August 2023 court filing by the U.S. Virgin Islands in its civil suit against JPMorgan over the bank’s relationship with Epstein.
The Wall Street Journal reports that according to court filings made by JPMorgan Chase in response to the civil suit brought against the bank by the U.S. Virgin Islands, Cecile de Jongh allegedly began working for Epstein starting in 2000 and continued working for him when her husband, John de Jongh, was serving as governor of the U.S. territory (from 2007 to 2015). The court filings also allege Cecile de Jongh helped arrange visas for some of Epstein’s victims. Per the Journal’s report:
De Jongh helped get visas for several alleged victims of Epstein, JPMorgan said in court filings. She connected one woman to a local immigration lawyer and worked to get others student visas by arranging special classes for them at the University of the Virgin Islands, the bank said. De Jongh helped arrange and enroll Epstein victims in an English as a second language, or ESL, course at the university, according to emails she sent to university staff and Epstein.
“They are structuring the class around the ladies. Please let me know so that they know what to do or not to do,” de Jongh wrote to Epstein in June 2013, according to the court filings.
According to the documents, the longtime Israeli politician was a regular guest of Epstein’s at his Upper East Side townhouse in the years from 2013 to 2017, meeting with the financier monthly for large stretches of that time. He also flew on Epstein’s jet.  Reached by the Journal, Barak acknowledged that he met with Epstein when visiting New York City and that Epstein “often brought other interesting persons, from art or culture, law or science, finance, diplomacy or philanthropy.” He said he never met Epstein “with girls or minors, or even adult women in improper context or behavior,”
The connection between Epstein and Gates has been well known for years, but in late May, the Journal published a revelatory new story on their relationship. The paper reported that Gates had an affair with a bridge player named Mila Antonova in the early 2010s and that Epstein attempted to leverage his knowledge of the situation against the Microsoft co-founder.
By Antonova’s account, Gates, an avid bridge player, had met her at a tournament in 2010 while Gates was still married to his now ex-wife, Melinda. Antonova later sought money to fund a start-up that would help people learn the game online. Boris Nikolic, a friend and then–scientific adviser to Gates, introduced Antonova to Epstein in 2013. Epstein didn’t agree to fund the venture but did pay for Antonova to go to software-coding school.
Then, in 2017, well after the Gates-Antonova relationship had ended, Epstein reportedly emailed Gates requesting that he reimburse him for the cost of the schooling. That message came shortly after Gates rebuffed Epstein’s efforts to get a major charitable fund with JPMorgan Chase off the ground. From the Journal:
The implication behind the message, according to people who have viewed it, was that Epstein could reveal the affair if Gates didn’t keep up an association between the two men.
But Gates reportedly never paid Epstein.
“I had no idea that he was a criminal or had any ulterior motive,” Antonova told the Journal of Epstein. “I just thought he was a successful businessman and wanted to help.” She said, “I am disgusted with Epstein and what he did.” And Nikolic said, “I deeply regret that I ever met Epstein. His crimes were despicable. I never saw anything like his illegal behavior. My heart goes out to his victims and their families.”
Epstein had roughly two dozen meetings scheduled with Botstein over the four years covered in the documents, mostly at his townhouse. Regarding his relationship with Epstein, Botstein told the Journal he was only interested in Epstein’s money: “I was an unsuccessful fundraiser and actually the object of a little bit of sadism on his part in dangling philanthropic support.”
Botstein said he first met with Epstein in 2012 to thank him for making unsolicited donations to the college’s high schools, then he continued meeting with him to try to secure more. Epstein donated 66 laptops to Bard in 2015, according to the documents, and Botstein twice invited Epstein to musical performances at the college, but the longtime Bard president said he ultimately concluded that Epstein wasn’t interested in making more donations and “he was simply stringing us along.”
A follow-up report from the Journal found that Botstein accepted $150,000 in checks from an account linked to Epstein in 2016. Botstein claims that money was then donated to Bard, which was confirmed by the school. A spokesperson for Botstein added that the money was for his yearlong role on an advisory board for Gratitude America, Epstein’s charity.
That Epstein was a convicted sex offender who had admitted to procuring a child for prostitution didn’t dissuade Botstein and Bard from seeking his financial support. “We looked him up, and he was a convicted felon for a sex crime,” Botstein told the Journal, but “we believe in rehabilitation.” He said they kept his criminal history in mind when Epstein visited the school: “Because of his previous record, we had security ready. He did not have any free access to anybody.” According to the plans in the documents, Epstein brought some of his young female assistants on his trips to Bard.
The documents indicate that Epstein had three scheduled meetings in 2014 with Burns, who was at that point the deputy secretary of State in the Obama administration. They met both in Washington, D.C., and New York, per the Journal:
A lunch was planned that August at the office of law firm Steptoe & Johnson in Washington. Epstein scheduled two evening appointments that September with Mr. Burns at his townhouse, the documents show. After one of the scheduled meetings, Epstein planned for his driver to take Mr. Burns to the airport.
The longtime diplomat left the State Department in October of that year and became president of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, where he remained until President Biden nominated Burns to run the CIA in 2021.
CIA spokesperson Tammy Kupperman Thorp released a statement to the Journal denying Burns had any kind of relationship with Epstein: “The director did not know anything about him, other than that he was introduced as an expert in the financial services sector and offered general advice on transition to the private sector,” she said. “They had no relationship.”
According to the documents, Epstein arranged several meetings with Chomsky in 2015 and 2016, when he was teaching at MIT, where Epstein had donated hundreds of thousands of dollars. The scheduled meetings included a gatherings of academics as well as a flight with Epstein aboard his private jet to New York to have a dinner at his townhouse with film director Woody Allen and his wife, Soon-Yi Previn.
When the Journal asked Chomsky about the meetings, the 94-year-old replied in an email that his “first response is that it is none of your business. Or anyone’s. Second is that I knew him and we met occasionally.” Chomsky said he and Epstein discussed politics and academics, and “if there was a flight, which I doubt, it would have been from Boston to New York, 30 minutes. I’m unaware of the principle that requires that I inform you about an evening spent with a great artist.”
“What was known about Jeffrey Epstein was that he had been convicted of a crime and had served his sentence,” Chomsky told the Journal. “According to U.S. laws and norms, that yields a clean slate.” He also said Epstein arranged for him to meet Barak so they could talk about “Israel’s policies with regard to Palestinian issues and the international arena.”
A follow-up report from the Journal showed that Chomsky received a transfer of around $270,000 from an account linked to Epstein in March 2018. “My late wife died 15 years ago after a long illness. We paid no attention to financial issues,” Chomsky explained by email. “We asked Epstein for advice. The simplest way seemed to be to transfer funds from one account in my name to another, by way of his office.”
Rød-Larsen may not be a household name, but he’s a big deal in diplomatic circles, having helped put together the landmark Oslo Accords in the early 1990s. Per the Journal, he was such a fixture at Epstein’s New York townhouse between 2013 and 2017 that the staff knew to have cucumbers ready for his gin. He also received a personal loan from Epstein as well as a donation to his nonprofit.
Rød-Larsen stepped down from that nonprofit when his ties to Epstein were initially revealed in 2020. He gave no additional comment to the Journal.
The Journal reports that Epstein scheduled more than a dozen meetings over the four years with Ramo, who was at that point a co-CEO of Henry Kissinger’s consulting company. Ramo also served on the board of Starbucks and still serves on the board of FedEx. Most of the meetings were scheduled in the evening at Epstein’s Manhattan townhouse. Epstein also invited him to a 2013 breakfast at the townhouse that Barak attended.
Ramo didn’t respond to the Journal’s requests to comment on the meetings.
In 2019, the private Swiss bank Edmond de Rothschild Group falsely claimed it and its chairwoman, Ariane de Rothschild, had no ties to Epstein. According to the documents reviewed by the Journal:
Mrs. de Rothschild, who married into the famous banking family, had more than a dozen meetings with Epstein. He sought her help with staffing and furnishings as well as discussed business deals with her, according to the documents. In September 2013, Epstein asked Mrs. de Rothschild in an email for help finding a new assistant, “female … multilingual, organized.”
“I’ll ask around,” Mrs. de Rothschild emailed back. 
She bought nearly $1 million worth of auction items on Epstein’s behalf in 2014 and 2015, the documents show. Mrs. de Rothschild was named chairwoman of the bank in January 2015. That October, she and Epstein negotiated a $25 million contract for Epstein’s Southern Trust Co. to provide “risk analysis and the application and use of certain algorithms” for the bank[.]
In a response to the Journal, the bank admitted that its 2019 statement was inaccurate and said that de Rothschild had business-related meetings with Epstein from 2013 to 2019, that he had introduced the bank to U.S. finance leaders, provided tax and risk consulting, and had recommended law firms. The bank also said that Epstein “solicited her personally on a couple occasions for advice and services on estate management” and that she “was similarly unaware of any questions regarding his personal conduct” at the time.
The documents reveal that Epstein scheduled more than three dozen meetings with Ruemmler, starting in 2014, after she left the White House counsel’s office and joined the private sector as a partner at the law firm Latham & Watkins. Epstein also scheduled her to fly with him to Paris in 2015 and to his now-notorious island estate in the U.S. Virgin Islands, he looked at apartments she was interested in, and he discussed with his staff whether the young women working at his Manhattan townhouse would make Ruemmler uncomfortable. According to emails obtained by NBC News, Epstein also referred her as a client to JPMorgan Chase in 2019, just months before his final arrest. “Jeffrey just thought that Kathy is one of the most powerful women in Washington and thought you two would bond,” Epstein’s assistant wrote to a JPMC staffer.
In 2020, Ruemmler took a job as a top lawyer at the Goldman Sachs Group, where she co-chairs the firm’s reputational-risk advisory committee. A Goldman spokesperson told the Journal that Ruemmler’s relationship with Epstein was professional and related to her work at Latham & Watkins:
In the normal course, Epstein also invited her to meetings and social gatherings, introduced her to other business contacts and made referrals. It was the same kinds of contacts and engagements she had with other contacts and clients.
The spokesperson also said that Ruemmler never noticed anything untoward at his townhouse, that she never flew anywhere with him, that she never visited his island, and that her comment was “I regret ever knowing Jeffrey Epstein.”
Ties between Epstein and the ex–Treasury secretary and Harvard president were already well known. But the Journal provides more detail about their connection. Though Harvard stopped accepting donations from Epstein after his 2008 conviction, Summers continued to meet with him frequently.
The paper uncovered an email Summers sent to Epstein in 2014, in which he asked the financier’s advice on how to raise money for a nonprofit poetry initiative spearheaded by his wife, Harvard professor Elisa New. “I need small scale philanthropy advice. My life will be better if i raise $1m for Lisa,” Summers wrote. “Mostly it will go to make it a pbs series and for teacher training. Ideas?” Epstein and Summers made plans for dinner near Summers’s Massachusett home two days later, and in 2016, an Epstein-linked nonprofit gave $110,000 to New’s project.
In a statement to the Journal, Summers and New said that Summers “deeply regrets being in contact with Epstein after his conviction,” New “regrets accepting funding from Epstein,” and that New’s nonprofit had made a donation “exceeding the amount received” from Epstein to an anti-sex trafficking group.
The New York Times reports that according to Epstein’s scheduling records, Epstein had several meetings with the PayPal co-founder in 2014:
The records — in the form of emails that Mr. Epstein’s assistant sent to remind him of upcoming events — show that in September 2014 Mr. Thiel was scheduled to meet with Mr. Epstein on at least three occasions, either in one-on-one meetings or with others over lunch or dinner. Two other times, Mr. Thiel was listed among more than a dozen other well-known people Mr. Epstein should try to see while at his New York mansion. It’s unclear from the records whether all the meetings with Mr. Thiel took place. Some were listed as tentative or “TBD” — for “to be determined.”
The Wall Street Journal reports that Epstein also scheduled meetings between Thiel, himself, and Russian ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin. “I was rather naïve,” Thiel said of the 2016 meeting. “I didn’t think enough about what Epstein’s agenda might have been.”
Close Trump ally and private-equity manager Tom Barrack was friends with Epstein and the former president back when they were close in South Florida in the 1980s. The Wall Street Journal reports that Epstein tried to revive the connection in 2016 after Trump cinched the Republican nomination. In August of that year, Epstein schedule a lunch with Barrack, who was an informal adviser to the Trump campaign at the time. Barrack was also invited to Epstein’s Upper East Side townhouse in September 2016 with Russian ambassador to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin and Woody Allen.
The private-equity giant’s relationship with Jeffrey Epstein was made public years ago, eventually leading to his departure from his position as chairman of the Museum of Modern Art. But Leon Black is still facing scrutiny for his connections to Epstein. On July 25, the Senate Finance Committee announced it would investigate the Apollo Global Management co-founder’s dealings with Epstein. The probe will look into the $158 million that Black paid Epstein over the years for tax and estate-planning advice — a nine-figure sum to a man who did not graduate college. Four days earlier, on July 21, Black also agreed to pay $62.5 million to the U.S. Virgin Islands in a settlement that would clear him from any allegations made during the territory’s investigation into Epstein’s alleged sex-trafficking ring on Little St. James.
Black could also be back in civil court for his Epstein connections. On July 26, an anonymous woman with Down syndrome and autism sued Black in New York for allegedly raping her when she was 16. The alleged assault took place in 2002 at Epstein’s Manhattan mansion — after which Epstein refused to take her to see a doctor, leaving her in the care of Ghislaine Maxwell. Black’s lawyer has called the allegations “frivolous and sanctionable.”
One of the dealings Black had with Epstein, the New York Times reports, was when, in 2016, Epstein helped Black avoid taxes when Black sold a $25 million Alberto Giacometti sculpture and used the proceeds to buy $30 million Cezanne painting.
Staley, too, has been a well-known associate of Epstein for years. But the banker’s connections to Epstein have faced a new level of inspection over the past year. Staley, who resigned from Barclays in 2021 for his association with the sex criminal, had a close connection with Epstein. “I deeply appreciate our friendship,” Staley wrote to him in 2009 when he was working at JPMorgan Chase. “I have few so profound.” Emails obtained by the Daily Beast show that Epstein helped connect him to his high-society associates, including Prince Andrew, Bill Gates, former New York Fed board member Lee Bollinger, and Dubai businessman Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem.
The largest bank in the world by market capitalization has been in trouble for years for its connections to Epstein. But over the past year, JPMorgan Chase has had to answer about how many people knew of their dealings with the alleged sex trafficker due to the U.S. Virgin Islands lawsuit alleging the bank helped enable Epstein’s operation. The most recent detail came out in late August when USVI prosecutors claimed that JPMorgan processed over $1 billion for Epstein during his 16 years as a client.
The territory has sued the bank for $190 million in damages. In oral arguments on September 12, a lawyer for the U.S. Virgin Islands claimed that, in 2019, the bank had had informed the government of their business together dating back to 2003, reporting it “suspicious activity.”
“Epstein’s entire business with JPMorgan and JPMorgan’s entire business with Jeffrey Epstein was human trafficking,” attorney Mimi Liu stated. “The only reason that JPMorgan finally after 16 years reported the billion dollars in suspicious transactions for Jeffrey Epstein is because he was arrested, and then he was dead.” JPMorgan Chase has denied any liability and stated that its business was a “mistake.”
A little less than a month ahead of the trial scheduled for October 23, JPMorgan Chase settled with the U.S. Virgin Islands’s Attorney General’s Office. The bank agreed to pay $75 million with $20 million of that going to charities, $20 million to lawyers’ fees, and $10 million to a victims’ mental-health fund. JPMorgan also reached a confidential settlement with Jes Staley for an undisclosed amount.
As New York’s Kevin T. Dugan wrote, the settlement marked “the real beginning of the end into the official inquiries into the cabal of wealthy and powerful people who helped make — and who benefited mightily from — Epstein’s monstrous crimes.”
The royal’s connections to Epstein have been public for years now, but a new documentary on the king’s younger brother have placed him back in the tabloid headlines. In the A&E documentary Secrets of Prince Andrew, model Lisa Phillips claims that she saw Prince Andrew at Little St. James in 2000, where Epstein allegedly told her friend to have sex with the royal. “It was traumatic for her and after that, she was not the same,” Phillips said in the doc. “Her life went completely out of control.”
Royal biographer Andrew Lownie said in the documentary that Epstein and Prince Andrew were “real best buddies” and that “there were seven different numbers for Andrew in Epstein’s little black book.” According to Lownie, Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell were invited to royal getaways like Balmoral and Sandringham and to “personal birthday parties at Windsor.” (Indeed, there is a photo of Epstein and Maxwell at a cabin on the Balmoral estate.)“Epstein and Ghislaine were invited to the heart of the British monarchy,” Lownie said. He added that Epstein allegedly once said: “There’s only one person who likes sex more than me, and that’s Andrew.”
According to Buckingham Palace press secretary Dickie Arbiter, Andrew would have had to seek “permission from the queen” to invite Epstein to private events. “The queen would believe her children,” Arbiter said.
Below, listed in alphabetical order, are more of Epstein’s associates and contacts — adapted from the comprehensive list New York compiled and published as a cover story in 2019.
Epstein kept a photo of his friend Allen, the sexual pariah, on his wall and was photographed walking with him on the Upper East Side. They had more than a neighborhood in common. For years before his relationship with Mia Farrow, Allen had carried on with a 16-year-old girl he’d met at Elaine’s named Babi Christina Engelhardt. In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, she wondered if she was the inspiration for Manhattan, Allen’s 1979 movie about a man in his 40s who dates a high-school student, which was nominated for two Academy Awards. Engelhardt had sex with Allen more than 100 times, she says, sometimes with Farrow. “The whole thing was a game that was being operated solely by Woody so we never quite knew where we stood,” she said. Engelhardt went on to become Epstein’s assistant.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.Epstein’s ex-girlfriend and her husband, billionaire hedge-funder Glenn Dubin, had Epstein over for Thanksgiving dinner in 2009, telling his probation officer they were “100 percent comfortable” with his being around their teenage daughter, Insider reported. She also created a foundation so Epstein could donate to her breast-cancer charity without attaching his name. “The Dubins are horrified by the new allegations against Jeffrey Epstein,” they said in a statement. “Had they been aware of the vile and unspeakable conduct described in these new allegations, they would have cut off all ties and certainly never have allowed their children to be in his presence.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Started the Upper East Side institution Serafina.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.A onetime White House intern who climbed his way to being Bill Clinton’s bag carrier, body man, fixer, and all-purpose gatekeeper, Band arranged for the former president to travel to Africa on Epstein’s 727 in 2002. Band would go on to help his boss found the Clinton Global Initiative in 2005, a choice platform from which he launched his own lucrative favor-trading corporate-advisory firm, Teneo. Throughout that time, he took a number of trips on Epstein’s plane and attended parties at his townhouse. Band resigned from his position at CGI in 2012; leaked emails later showed Band and Chelsea Clinton trading accusations of conflicts of interest in a war of influence over her parents. More recently, Band’s been teaching a “Public Service” class at NYU.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Denies knowing Epstein, though he appears in the black book. Recently, Baldwin invited Julie K. Brown, the Miami Herald reporter who resurfaced the Epstein story, to do a podcast.
In August 2018, the New York Post reported that Bannon had been seen entering Epstein’s townhouse. Neither Bannon nor Epstein has commented on the substance of their meeting, but when Ivanka Trump condemned Roy Moore’s campaign in Alabama, saying, “There’s a special place in hell for people who prey on children,” Bannon, who backed Moore, responded, “What about the allegations about her dad and that 13-year-old?” It was a clear reference to the woman who had accused Donald Trump and Epstein of raping her when she was 13.
Barr was ousted shortly before Epstein, 21 and without a college degree, showed up for his first day of work teaching math and physics at the Manhattan’s elite Dalton School in the early 1970s. Barr announced his resignation soon after, in February 1974: “He was disliked by the faculty, he was highly controversial, he hadn’t raised much money, he was very conservative,” said the board’s chairman. Barr’s leadership style was described as “authoritarian” and “undemocratic” at the time. Memorably, several former students told the New York Times that Epstein was overly familiar with teenage girls at the school. Donald’s son William would intersect with Epstein’s orbit while serving as a counsel at Kirkland and Ellis in 2009. The law firm secured Epstein his obscenely lenient 2007 non-prosecution deal, which the Justice Department is now reviewing. In July, Barr the son refused to recuse himself from the ongoing Epstein investigation.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Names found in Epstein’s black book.A wealthy executive whose family established the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard, Berkman was sued in 2014 by his administrative assistant, who said she was forced to read emails Berkman had sent to a colleague containing “pictures of random and unsuspecting women on the street” — that is, creepshots. (The suit was settled.)
Name found in Epstein’s black book.﻿Owned the club where Meghan Markle and Prince Harry had their first date.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Listed as Debbie in the black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Yes, those von Bismarcks. His nickname, Bola, was listed in the black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.He’s perhaps best known for being sentenced to 42 months in prison for fraud, then writing a book about Trump and receiving a pardon. Vicky Ward, who profiled Epstein for Vanity Fair in 2003, said Epstein heavily leaned on Black, who is her ex-husband’s uncle (and was her ex-husband’s then-boss), to try to exert his influence on Ward.
The trial attorney and legal analyst’s client roster has included Justin Bieber, Girls Gone Wild creator Joe Francis, and Rush Limbaugh. Black is perhaps best known for representing William Kennedy Smith against rape charges in Palm Beach in 1991. (The Kennedy nephew was acquitted.) In 2005, Black played the “managing partner” on NBC’s The Law Firm, a knockoff of The Apprentice for up-and-coming lawyers.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Blaine put on a private show for Epstein’s dinner guests in 2003, doing card tricks for the likes of Sergey Brin, Mort Zuckerman, and Bill Clinton aide Doug Band. The dinner was organized by Ghislaine Maxwell and included a group of young women who were introduced as Victoria’s Secret models.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Epstein had at least one meeting with the sultan when he traveled to Brunei in 2002 with Bill Clinton. Bolkiah and his brother are famous for their lavish spending, including a collection of 2,500 cars and a $1.5 billion palace. Bolkiah was once sued by Miss USA 1997, who claimed she had been held as a sex slave. The suit was dismissed on the grounds that Bolkiah had sovereign immunity.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The chairman and founder of Investindustrial was a key character in the Paradise Papers international tax-shelter scandal.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Described by Social Life magazine as the “ambassador of the all-important Hamptons polo culture,” Borrico is known for hosting polo matches at his estate in Water Mill.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Bourke went to prison for a scheme to bribe government officials in Azerbaijan.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Her clients have included Matt Lauer and the Crown Prince and Princess of Greece.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Like Epstein, Branson enjoys entertaining on a private island.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.A friend of Trump, a convicted card cheat, and an accused Formula 1 race fixer, Briatore was a longtime fugitive in the Virgin Islands.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.
What seems new, in flipping through the reams of society photos of perhaps the world’s most prolific sexual predator that have been circulating over the past few weeks, is not the powerful and the beautiful who surrounded Epstein, but the intellectuals — the Richard Dawkinses, the Daniel Dennetts, the Steven Pinkers. All men, of course. But the group selfies probably shouldn’t have been a surprise — documents of an age in which every millionaire doesn’t just fancy himself a philosopher-king but expects to be treated as such, and every public intellectual wants to be seen as a kind of celebrity.
Cultural shifts like these require visionaries, networkers, salespeople. Brockman is one. A Warhol Factory kid turned freelance philosopher of science turned literary agent to Dawkins and Dennett and Pinker (and many others), in the 1980s he formed a casual salon of like-minded scientists and futurists that came to be known as the Reality Club, a knock against the poststructuralism then dominant in the academy. In the 1990s, he rebranded it as the Edge Foundation, an organization whose central event was an annual online symposium devoted to a single, broad question. In 2000, it was “What is today’s most important underreported story?” In 2006, “What is your dangerous idea?”
Epstein was a regular contributor, and his plane — to judge from the photographs, at least — was an especially appealing way for other contributors to get to ted. They could also catch Epstein at Harvard, where so many of them taught and where he became so prolific a donor that one whole academic program seemed to be run like his private Renaissance ateliers. Epstein had long described himself as a “scientific philanthropist,” and in a press release put out by the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation announcing its “substantial backing” of Edge, he called it “the world’s smartest think tank.”
Many in Brockman’s Edge community are, or were, inarguably significant figures in the American intellectual Establishment: Freeman Dyson, Jared Diamond, Craig Venter, John Horgan, Paul Bloom (to name a random but representative sample). They are also among the gods and heroes of the Trump-era internet community of “freethinkers,” whom Eric Weinstein, the venture capitalist and regular Edge contributor, memorably called “the intellectual dark web.” The name suggests a self-glamorizing style of dangerous discourse, and as soon as the community was identified, it was criticized as revanchist, an effort to reopen areas of intellectual inquiry — about innate differences between the races, say, or the genders — now considered problematic, at a minimum. But to listen to the IDW warriors themselves — talking about the “war on free speech” as though their universities had sent assassins their way rather than tenured chairs — their crusade seems motivated just as much by a thin-skinned sense of their own world-historical significance. They were special people, deserving of special acclaim and, of course, special privileges.
Many contributions to Edge were plausibly the products of genuinely special minds. Epstein’s were not. In 2008, the year he went to jail for prostitution, the prompt was “What have you changed your mind about?” Epstein replied, “The question presupposes a well defined ‘you’ and an implied ability that is under ‘your’ control to change your ‘mind.’ The ‘you’ I now believe is distributed amongst others (family friends, in hierarchal structures), i.e. suicide bombers, believe their sacrifice is for the other parts of their ‘you.’ The question carries with it an intention that I believe is out of one’s control. My mind changed as a result of its interaction with its environment. Why? Because it is a part of it.”
“Jeffrey has the mind of a physicist,” the Harvard professor Martin Nowak has said, incredibly. But what he really did have was the life of a very rich person — unable to see any world he felt unqualified to enter and surrounded by too many people enamored with his money to ever hear the word no. —David Wallace-Wells
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The former Warner Music Group CEO, son of the late Seagram’s CEO Edgar Bronfman Sr., is related to the NXIVM-sex-cult Bronfmans. His son has a child with pop star M.I.A.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Brunel was accused in court testimony of having used his agency to supply Epstein with girls. (He was not charged.) He also has a long history of allegations that he had abused his fashion-world position. In 1988, he was the subject of a 60 Minutes investigation alleging that he and a fellow agent sexually assaulted nearly two dozen models. He denied the claims but later told Model author Michael Gross, “You get laid tonight with a model, is that a crime?” In 2005, Brunel co-founded the Mc2 modeling agency; Epstein invested $1 million, according to a 2010 deposition.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.In 2003, Buck met Maxwell at a fashion party at a New York City boutique. Buck had recently moved on from her seven-year tenure as the editor of Paris Vogue and was writing for its American counterpart and living in New Mexico. She was a lifelong resident of a rarefied social world. Maxwell, a regular on that particular circuit, quickly made a connection. “Oh, Jeffrey’s got a ranch in Santa Fe, blah blah blah,” Buck recently remembered their conversation going. She gave Maxwell her Santa Fe number and later asked a friend about Epstein and New Mexico. “His ranch?” the friend replied. “As we say in Texas, all hat, no cattle.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Burkle took what were described as humanitarian trips to Africa with Bill Clinton on Epstein’s private Boeing 727. According to a 2008 Vanity Fair feature about the former president, “Burkle’s usual means of transport is the custom-converted Boeing 757 that Clinton calls ‘Ron Air’ and that Burkle’s own circle of young aides privately refer to as ‘Air Fuck One.’ ”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.During a custody battle with ex Uma Thurman, her lawyer asked Busson, a prominent hedge-funder, if he had ever said he was “addicted to prostitutes.” (He said no.)
Name found in Epstein’s black book.An investor in Uber, Calacanis was a fixture in the early-aughts New York tech scene as the founder and editor of Silicon Alley Reporter. (“I can’t tell you how many propositions I get, it’s absolutely insane,” he told the Observer in 2000.) In 2014, Vice awarded him Most Offensive Tweet of the Year for describing as racist the idea of white privilege.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
According to journalist Vicky Ward, he killed portions of a 2003 story that accused Epstein of pedophilia after an office visit from Epstein. (Carter says there wasn’t enough on-the-record sourcing.) “I didn’t invent the system. I just lived by the system,” he said when The New York Times Magazine questioned him about the story last week.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Allegedly the former girlfriend of Prince Andrew.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Has hosted Prince William and Kate Middleton at his villa in Mustique.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.When the 1990s playboy settled down, Bill Clinton attended his wedding. In 2017, Chatwal pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor violation after being accused of trying to set a pair of dogs on fire on a Soho street.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The scene-y Cipriani Italian spots are known for inventing the Bellini cocktail — and more infamously for being Harvey Weinstein’s “hunting ground.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The patriarch of a family so wealthy it operates practically as its own nation-state in Latin America.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.As soon as the Epstein news broke two weeks ago, the taunting and tallying began, suffocating in its familiarity. First were the jeering reminders, as if we didn’t know it in our every molecule: It wasn’t just Donald Trump who’d be ensnared in this stygian nightmare of underage sexual assault and trafficking of girls, it was Bill Clinton, who’d been a friend and repeat flier on Epstein’s plane. Then came the numbers, the attempts to quantify the nature of the Clinton-Epstein relationship. Clinton issued a statement toting up four plane trips, one Epstein meeting in Clinton’s Harlem office, one visit to Epstein’s home, and zero trips to his island. Meanwhile, reporters recalled that Gawker’s published flight logs had tallied 12 separate plane legs and that Epstein had more than 20 numbers and email addresses for Clinton and one signed photo of him in his home, along with one of Woody Allen and one of Mohammed bin Salman, the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia.
All of this was presented as if these numbers could clarify some exact science of guilt or complicity. The reality is: Yes, Clinton was grimy and had grimy friends, and, more broadly, this is how powerful men have behaved toward women and one another. Yes, we know it’s dirty and mean and exhausting and true.
We know, of course, because the shadow of Clinton’s sexual history and his associations with other men who have terrible legacies of sexually inappropriate-to-criminal behavior have for decades hung like a greasy and unscrubbable film over the Democratic Party he once led. Clinton palled around not just with Epstein but with Charlie Rose and Harvey Weinstein and Trump himself.
They hung out together and flew together and went to each other’s offices and visited each other’s homes and appeared on each other’s TV shows and had each other’s phone numbers and attended each other’s weddings and created a circle of money and protection. The prosecutorial and defensive math — the haggling over flights and phone numbers — is just used to complicate this basic reality.
Those on the left have been going over how we’re supposed to feel about him for decades, but in the arguing about it, we have been asked to focus again and again on Clinton and his dick and what he did or didn’t do with it. The questions we’ve asked ourselves and one another have become defining.Are we morally compromised in our defense of him or sexually uptight in our condemnation? Are we shills for having not believed he should have resigned, or doing the bidding of a vindictive right wing if we say that, in retrospect, he probably should have?
Meanwhile, how much energy and time have been spent circling round this man and how we’ve felt about him, when in fact his behaviors were symptomatic of far broader and more damaging assumptions about men, power, and access to — as Trump has so memorably voiced it — pussies?
After all, Clinton was elected president during a period that may turn out to be an aberration, just as the kinds of dominating, sexually aggressive behaviors that had been norms for his West Wing predecessors had become officially unacceptable, and 24 years before those behaviors would again become a presidential norm. So yes, Clinton got in trouble, yet still managed to sail out of office beloved by many, his reputation as the Big Dog mostly only enhanced by revelations of his exploits.
But the election of Trump over Clinton’s wife, and the broad conversation around sexual assault and harassment that has erupted in its wake, has recast his behavior more profoundly. The buffoonery, the smallness and tantrums of Trump, has helped make clear what always should have been: that the out-of-control behavior toward women by powerful men, the lack of self-control or amount of self-regard that undergirded their reckless treatment of women, spoke not of virility or authority but of their immaturity. And the people who have paid the biggest price for these men’s fixation on sex as a measure of manhood have, of course, not been the men themselves.
In Clinton’s case, it has been Monica Lewinsky, whose life and name became defined by her relationship to him. It has been his wife, Hillary, who, in addition to having been celebrated and pilloried for her defense of her husband, also had to conduct one of her three historic presidential debates with women who’d accused him of sexual misconduct sitting in the audience, invited there by her opponent as props to unsettle and disempower her. It has been decades of left feminist women who have had Clinton’s misdeeds thrown in our faces as proof of our own hypocrisy.
I try sometimes to imagine a contemporary Democratic Party without Bill Clinton in its recent past — yes, of course, from a policy perspective, but also simply from a personal one. What if so much energy had not been eaten up by his colleagues, by his wife, by feminists, by his supporters and friends and critics, all of whom had to dance around him, explain their associations with him, or carefully lay out their objections to him without coming off as frigid reactionaries?
What else might we have done with our politics had we not been worrying about Clinton and his grubby buddies? What further power have they taken from us? —Rebecca Traister
Ghislaine Maxwell attended her wedding after Epstein had first been charged. This was shortly after she skipped a deposition for the Epstein case, claiming she needed to return to the U.K. to be with her deathly ill mother.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
According to a message-pad entry dated January 27, 2005, at 3:55 p.m., Copperfield rang Epstein’s line while he was out. The handwritten entry reads, “Magic David called.”
Among those who attended a dinner at Epstein’s townhouse for Prince Andrew in 2010.
Lived across the street from Epstein in Manhattan.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Americans often imagine aristocrats floating on a cloud of above-it-all wealth, but even real-life princes, this one descended from a German royal family that long ago united with the most influential and wealthiest family of the Hapsburg Netherlands, could get something out of a relationship with a font of new American money like Epstein.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.
For around a decade, Dershowitz kept casual company with Epstein, who introduced him to his friends, like Ghislaine Maxwell and Prince Andrew.(Dershowitz says he and the prince ended up not getting along because they disagreed about Israel.) Dershowitz visited Epstein’s mansions in New York and Palm Beach and occasionally accompanied him on his private plane. He says these trips were family oriented. Once, Epstein lent him the Palm Beach home so he could attend a granddaughter’s soccer tournament. Another time, he and his nephew flew down to watch a space launch with another Epstein connection, a top NASA official. He and his wife, Carolyn Cohen, once stayed with Epstein on his island in the Caribbean, where they were joined by another Harvard professor and his family.
When Epstein first started to attract media attention in the early aughts, mainly because of his friendship with former president Bill Clinton, Dershowitz served as a character witness for the reclusive financier.He told Vanity Fair that he shared manuscripts of his books with Epstein before they were published and swore that his money was irrelevant. “I would be as interested in him as a friend if we had hamburgers on the boardwalk in Coney Island and talked about his ideas,” he told the magazine.
But Dershowitz says their interactions changed in 2005, when Epstein faced a local police investigation into his relations with underage girls in Palm Beach and he hired Dershowitz as a lawyer. With his assistance, Epstein was able to whittle down the state’s indictment against him to a single count of soliciting prostitution. But in the years to come, as Epstein’s legal problems compounded, they would eventually ensnare Dershowitz himself. He is also accused of having sex with two of Epstein’s alleged victims. “The stories are so phantasmological,” Dershowitz says. He recognizes that the #MeToo movement has surfaced countless accounts of preposterous-sounding sexual misbehavior by powerful men and almost all of them have turned out to be true. But Dershowitz swears he is different. “Mine is the only case, singular, the only one, where I never met the people,” he says. “There’s no evidence we’ve ever met, no evidence we were ever in the same place at the same time, ever.”
Today, Dershowitz claims he and Epstein were never really even friends, despite their proximity. “He was an acquaintance,” he says. “In retrospect, I wish I hadn’t taken the case, but I didn’t see a problem with taking the case. We didn’t have a close personal relationship.” —Andrew Rice
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Joan Didion’s nephew and a Martin Scorsese leading man.
Edelman received funding from the Jeffrey Epstein VI Foundation. “Jeff is extraordinary in his ability to pick up on quantitative relations,” he told New York in 2002. “He came to see us recently. He is concerned with this basic question: Is it true that the brain is not a computer? He is very quick.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Ex-wife of the late Walid Juffali, billionaire chairman of the largest privately owned enterprise in Saudi Arabia.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Fekkai’s expensive salons are up and down the Upper East Side and in Palm Beach, and he’s known for butter blondes, layered bobs, and participating in the polishing up of Hillary Clinton. Epstein’s assistants were given house accounts for blowouts, waxing, nails, highlights, the works.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Epstein loaned Prince Andrew’s then-wife $18,000 to pay off some debts. “I personally, on behalf of myself, deeply regret that Jeffrey Epstein became involved in any way with me,” Ferguson told the Telegraph in 2011. “I abhor paedophilia.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Epstein’s former girlfriend met him through Bear Stearns, where she was once an associate.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.In 1969, Gell-Mann won the Nobel Prize. In 2003, he told Vanity Fair, “ ‘There are always pretty ladies around’ when he goes to dinner chez Epstein.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Once a lawyer in the Clinton White House, Ginsberg joined George, then News Corp., then Time Warner. He has also done pro bono speechwriting for Benjamin Netanyahu and now works for SoftBank, a Japanese investment company with close ties to the Saudi government.
“I was invited to the TED conference in maybe 2000 (I can’t remember), and they promised to buy me a plane ticket to California,” Gladwell says now. “Then at the last minute they said, ‘We found you a ride on a private plane instead.’ As I recall, there were maybe two dozen TED conferencegoers onboard. I don’t remember much else, except being slightly baffled as to who this Epstein guy was and why we were all on his plane.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Jeffrey Epstein didn’t have any formal training when he started working at Bear Stearns in 1976, but that wouldn’t have mattered to then-CEO Alan “Ace” Greenberg, who famously hired “PSD degrees,” short for “poor, smart, with a deep desire to be rich.” As it happened, Epstein was all three. He came from a modest Coney Island background, had no college degree, and worked a job — as a math teacher at Dalton and a tutor to Greenberg’s son — that was unlikely to support his tastes, which were apparently of the private islands–and–gilded desk–purportedly–belonging–to–J. P. Morgan variety. At Bear Stearns, Epstein made a name for himself in the “special-products division,” essentially figuring out how to help the rich pay less taxes. “He would recommend certain tax-advantageous transactions,” Greenberg’s protégé, James “Jimmy” Cayne, told New York in 2002. Cayne, who succeeded Greenberg in 1993, seems to have become the closer party to Epstein, whose mysterious departure from the firm he publicly defended decades after Epstein’s departure. “Jeffrey said specifically, ‘I don’t want to work for anybody else. I want to work for myself,’ ” Cayne insisted, despite transcripts from an SEC deposition that suggest other concerns around them both. It’s easier to imagine Cayne, a cigar-chomping, archetypal fat cat who was infamously off playing bridge when Bear Stearns collapsed in 2008, as a member of Epstein’s inner circle than his mentor, a folksy, bow-tie-wearing soul who referred to his successor as “crude,” “full of himself,” and “warped” in a memoir published shortly before his death. At the very least, it seems Cayne and Epstein were both capable of, ah, massaging the truth. —Jessica Pressler
Name found in Epstein’s black book.She was dubbed “debutante of the decade” in 1986.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The overtanned C-lister that Hollywood turns to when casting any vaguely and/or mysteriously aristocratic cameo role.
Attended a dinner at Epstein’s townhouse for Prince Andrew in 2010. “It was just one of those strange nights,” she later said.
Epstein dated Haskell, one of Donald Trump’s closest friends. “Jeffrey didn’t talk about his past, although he claimed to have been a concert pianist,” Haskell told the Daily Mail in 1992. “He told me he was a spy hired by corporations to find major amounts of money which had been embezzled.”
In 2006, the world’s most famous brain visited Little St. James, Epstein’s private island, which came to be known as “Pedophile Island.” Hawking, who was in the Caribbean for a conference, was photographed at a barbecue on the island and aboard a submarine for a tour. According to the Telegraph, “Epstein is said to have paid for the submarine to be modified for Professor Hawking, who had never been underwater before.”
Before Bernie Madoff, there was Hoffenberg, who in 1985 pleaded guilty to cheating investors out of $460 million — at the time, the largest Ponzi scheme ever. He was sentenced to 20 years in prison and, after his release in 2013, began sounding the alarm on Epstein, who had worked at Hoffenberg’s Towers Financial Corporation after leaving Bear Stearns. He claimed that Epstein had been his co-conspirator in the scheme and that Epstein’s fortune was built on Towers Financial’s fraud. “He was great at moving money illegally,” Hoffenberg says. “He was the deeper architect to getting things accomplished.”
Hoffenberg claims he was introduced to Epstein by Douglas Leese, a mysterious British arms dealer, and that he paid Epstein $25,000 a month as Towers Financial began making risky plays to take over companies like Pan American World Airways and Emery Air Freight. Advisers on the Pan Am deal included Richard Nixon’s attorney general John Mitchell, Nixon’s brother Edward, and John Lehman, a former secretary of the Navy. The move fell apart after the Lockerbie bombing, and when Towers Financial later went belly-up, Hoffenberg says, the two of them engineered a Ponzi scheme to fill the hole.
“He has a magnificent personality,” Hoffenberg says. “He’s very easy to interact with, very social, very easy to bond with, an unusually nice person. And he’s pretty dynamic on financial savvy. He could move money in different areas to get the stock prices to go up and down.”
Hoffenberg still owes his victims some $1 billion in restitution, and in 2016 he sued Epstein to recover some of the money. (He eventually dropped the suit.) Last year, two victims brought a suit against Epstein making the same claims as Hoffenberg but voluntarily dismissed the suit two months later.
“You’re about to see an entire story about this supposed billionaire and the story about his financial empire, which is as big as the tragedy with the girls,” Hoffenberg says. “It’s billions of dollars, and it’s a fiasco.” —James D. Walsh
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The onetime journalist is now an emeritus figure in the TED universe thanks to his role at the Aspen Institute and his widely worshipped biography of Steve Jobs.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The director of the documentaries Capturing the Friedmans, about an accused pedophile, and The Jinx, which profiled Robert Durst, the madman at the center of another New York fortune.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Once a psychiatrist, Henry, Andrew’s father, made his fortune in gold and silver speculation.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.Epstein was a co-trustee on 14 parcels of land the Johnson & Johnson heiress owned in Dutchess County, New York. He resigned as a trustee for Johnson’s revocable trust at the end of 1998.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.In a world where most women still work for men, and where their jobs are overwhelmingly in the “service” or “caring” professions, it should surprise no one that Epstein’s procurers, schedulers, fixers, and enablers were female.Four women — Sarah Kellen, Nadia Marcinkova, Adriana Ross, and Lesley Groff — were identified in the 2007 Florida case against Epstein as possible co-conspirators, though none was charged.
History is full of the self-serving enabling of men by women, ending with the Trump court but not starting there. Was it money? Probably. The word is that Epstein paid his “executive assistants” $200,000 a year and let them order takeout from Le Cirque. When Groff had a baby, Epstein gave her a Mercedes and paid for a full-time nanny. “There is no way I could lose Lesley to motherhood,” he told the New York Times in 2005 (for a front-page story on the indispensability of good help for Wall Street tycoons).
Marcinkova, referred to in court documents as Epstein’s “sex slave,” hails from the former Yugoslavia; Ross, a model, is from Poland. Kellen (who has since married a NASCAR driver) was a scheduler, making sure that Epstein always had a slate full of girls, and it was she who sometimes walked the girls up the stairs in the Florida mansion and laid the oils out on the massage table. Marcinkova would have sex with the girls for Epstein’s viewing pleasure and sometimes all together. Groff booked travel, and Ross also helped with the calendar. After the Miami Herald published its investigation in 2018, Epstein wired the “possible co-conspirators” $250,000 and $100,000, respectively, prosecutors say, to buy their silence. Since then, none of them have been reached for comment. —Lisa Miller
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Widow of Robert Kennedy.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Epstein had his home number.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The seven numbers listed for Kerry in Epstein’s address book include the direct line to his presidential campaign.
To bolster their argument that private-jet owner Epstein is a massive flight risk, SDNY prosecutors produced an expired Austrian passport under an alias that listed Saudi Arabia as Epstein’s primary country of residence. His lawyers claim the fake ID was for the “personal protection” of “an affluent member of the Jewish faith” traveling in the Middle East, but it could also point to one of his more secretive income sources.
According to his former friend the journalist Jesse Kornbluth, in the mid-1980s Epstein said he “worked for governments to recover money looted by African dictators” and occasionally subcontracted to those same autocrats to “help them hide their stolen money.” A source who spoke with journalist Vicky Ward said one of Epstein’s clients was the late Saudi arms dealer Khashoggi, a middleman in the Iran-Contra scandal who helped smuggle cash for the Marcos family out of the Philippines. In 1988, Khashoggi was arrested in Switzerland for concealing assets and later faced fraud and racketeering charges in the U.S. (He was later acquitted.) That year, he sold his 282-foot yacht to the Sultan of Brunei, who soon flipped it to Donald Trump. —Matt Stieb
Name found in Epstein’s black book.One of the century’s most notorious practitioners of cutthroat realpolitik, Kissinger served on the Council on Foreign Relations with Epstein.
Epstein and Kissinger served on the Rockefeller University board alongside Nobel laureate Joseph Goldstein, socialite Brooke Astor, and Texas billionaire Robert Bass.
She told Vanity Fair in 2003 that Epstein lived like a “modern maharaja” and described his haggling over art prices as “something like a scene out of the movie Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.“He is amazing,” Kosslyn said of Epstein in a 2002 New York profile. “Like a honeybee — he talks to all these different people and cross-pollinates. Just two months ago, I was talking to him about a new alternative to evolutionary psychology. He got excited and sent me a check.”
Epstein was a major donor to his program at Arizona State University, and Krauss teamed with the financier to host a conference of Nobel laureates in the U.S. Virgin Islands in 2012. “Jeffrey has surrounded himself with beautiful women and young women, but they’re not as young as the ones that were claimed,” he told the Daily Beast in 2011. “I always judge things on empirical evidence, and he always has women ages 19 to 23 around him but I’ve never seen anything else. So as a scientist, my presumption is that whatever the problems were I would believe him over other people. I don’t feel tarnished in any way by my relationship with Jeffrey. I feel raised by it.” This spring, Krauss retired amid allegations of his own sexual harassment.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.Co-founder of Nickelodeon and, with her husband, Kit, and pal Oprah, the Oxygen network.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The caricature playboy heartthrob at the front of Duran Duran.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.A white-collar defense attorney to the stars, Lefcourt has also represented Black Panther Huey P. Newton, Sid Vicious, Tracy Morgan, Russell Crowe, insider trader Michael Milken, and Murder Inc. Records founder Irv Gotti. —Matt Stieb
Lefkowitz negotiated the terms of Epstein’s negligently lenient plea deal with his former Kirkland & Ellis colleague Alexander Acosta. Now at Columbia Law, he served in both Bush administrations, as director of Cabinet affairs for H.W. and deputy executive secretary to the Domestic Policy Council and special envoy for human rights in North Korea for W. —Matt Stieb
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Introduced Epstein to Leslie Wexner after Epstein met and charmed Meister on a plane to Palm Beach, according to James Patterson’s book Filthy Rich.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The former senator was appointed the U.S. special envoy for Northern Ireland by President Clinton and was an architect of the Good Friday Agreement. He called Epstein a “friend,” and the address book lists a dozen numbers for him under the heading “Piper, Rudnick,” the name of the Washington law firm where Mitchell was a partner.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Epstein’s “close friend since the early 1980s,” according to the 2003 profile of Epstein written by Vicky Ward in Vanity Fair: “Monckton recalls Epstein telling her that her daughter, Domenica, who suffers from Down syndrome, needed the sun, and that Rosa should feel free to bring her to his house in Palm Beach anytime.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Murdoch has two numbers — one New York, one California — listed in the address book.
The legendary patent troll turned impresario of molecular gastronomy dined at Epstein’s home.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.The chief executive, secretary and treasurer, principal accounting officer, and principal financial officer of an insecticide-research company, Pagano even visited Epstein in jail.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Filed in the address book under “ex president of Colu.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The billionaire invited 14 guests, including Epstein, Jimmy Buffett, and DNC co-chair Don Fowler, to his Palm Beach home for a Bill Clinton fund-raiser in 1995.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
 Pinker is one of the famous intellectuals most often linked to Epstein, but he says he flew on Epstein’s private plane only once in 2002 and that he was involuntarily placed next to him for a picture at Lawrence Krauss’s Origins Project’s annual conference in 2014: “If I had more wherewithal, I would not have indulged my friend in sitting with him. Despite what various friends and colleagues all said about what a genius he was, I found him tedious and distasteful. Even before I knew about the criminality, I found it irritating to talk to him, all the more so because the reason he was in the conversation was because he had given money to these various projects. He likes schmoozing with smart and intellectual people, but he couldn’t really or had very little interest in exploring an issue. He’d wisecrack, change subjects, or get bored after a few seconds. He’s a kibitzer more than a serious intellectual.” Nevertheless, Pinker supplied some linguistic expertise that his friend Alan Dershowitz used to defend Epstein during the 2008 trial. —Matt Stieb
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Forget for a moment the mural featuring Epstein in the middle of a prison yard complete with guards and barbed wire. Let’s also forget the life-size doll hanging from a chandelier, and the chess set with figures of his staff as pieces to play with. Let’s instead focus on the very lush Euro-Orientalist décor of Epstein’s 21,000-square-foot seven-story Beaux-Arts mansion, decorated by none other than the late great Alberto Pinto, one of the world’s top prestige interior designers. His clientele included princes, moguls, and wannabe princes, as captains of industry so frequently are, and Epstein clearly aspired to that provenance and history. He flew Pinto on his private plane, as he did other architects and designers (Jean-Michel Gathy, Ricardo Legorreta, and Peter Marino are also listed in Epstein’s flight logs), and lived like a modern pasha in rooms lavished with money that bought custom-tooled gold leather walls (at least they were made to look like tooled-leather walls) and leopard-print upholstered armchairs in the dining room that appear to be covered in silk velvet. It was exactly the sort of project Pinto relished, flexing all the artisanal muscle that a designer of his stature can exercise when cushioning his client’s home. —Wendy Goodman
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Former business partner of Marc Rich (who was famously indicted for tax evasion and trading with Iran, before being even more famously pardoned by President Clinton), with whom he paired on deals in the Soviet Union before the fall of communism.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Known to dine with Epstein in the early aughts.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The daughter-in-law of Lee Radziwill and a Real Housewife of New York.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Another Epstein dinner partner.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Epstein donated $50,000 to each of his gubernatorial campaigns. A spokeswoman for Richardson told the Albuquerque Journal that Richardson recalls visiting Epstein’s New Mexico ranch only once, during his first run for governor in 2002.
Photographed with Epstein at the 1999 Edge Foundation Billionaires’ Dinner, and twice met him at the TED conference.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.You learn things answering phones, and in the spring of 2005, answering Charlie Rose’s phone at his PBS show, you would learn that his friend Jeffrey Epstein had some recommendations to make for whom Rose ought to hire as his next assistant. Written call logs from 2005 and 2006 show Epstein and his own assistant calling dozens of times, making plans for lunch and tea in Manhattan or to try to meet up in Paris. Epstein also called with a total of five women’s names and phone numbers. One woman was described as “world’s most perfect assistant she used to work for Harvey Weinstein he’s lucky if he can get her.” Another entry reads, “Jeffrey Epstein wants to talk to you before you call these two girls.” A fourth woman shows up on the manifests of Epstein’s jet, including on Bill Clinton’s trip across Africa, and wound up working at the Clinton Foundation. Two former staffers remember another Epstein referral, a young woman not mentioned in the logs, who interned at the show. In all, Rose hired three (“Jeffrey Epstein from time to time recommended various candidates for open positions at the Charlie Rose Show,” Rose’s representative said in a statement, but said the ex-host only learned about Epstein’s alleged abuse years later, when he pleaded guilty in Florida). When I called one of these women recently, she was stunned to learn she was one of many women Epstein recommended for the job. “I was being offered up for abuse,” said the woman, who was 22 at the time she worked for Rose. It helped her understand not only how her boss Rose — whom in 2017 she would accuse, along with 34 other adult women, of sexual harassment — had treated her, but also how the rest of the staff had seen her. And it helped her understand a grim version of networking among powerful men. —Irin Carmon
Name found in Epstein’s black book.The undisputed club queen of aughts New York, Sacco ran Lot 61 in Chelsea, which was famous for using fresh fruit in its drinks, and later Bungalow 8, which prided itself on discretion, the kind of place where celebrities could behave badly and not have to worry about appearing in “Page Six.” Sacco was a pioneer of marrying nightlife with concierge-style indulgences for the very rich: Her staff would get you whatever you needed: pizza delivery, peanut M&M’s, a private flight to Miami leaving from Teterboro as soon as you could get there.
Visited Epstein in prison in 2008.
One of many politicians to receive donations from Epstein over the years. Epstein gave bipartisanly but not equally: Between 1990 and 2004, he gave more than $139,000 to Democrats and just over $18,000 to Republicans. Epstein also gave to a handful of politicians in New Mexico, where he’d purchase the Zorro Ranch from former governor Bruce King and where he was not required to register as a sex offender. In recent weeks, politicians including Schumer decided to donate an equal amount to charity.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Two California numbers are listed in the address book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.A brazen and relentless publicist of the old school, Siegal understands one thing well: “Bringing people together. Everyone needs to feel that they belong.” At least a certain kind of accomplished person, no matter, frankly, how they went about getting there (who was she to judge?). Known for her movie premieres and other guest-list-driven social events, she bragged that she “ruined the Hamptons” to Vanity Fair in a profile back in 1996.Publicity-party invites are an amoral game, driven by status and FOMO. Like everyone, she worked with Harvey Weinstein when he was an Oscar machine, the toast of the town. So you can’t blame Siegal for including someone who already knew all the boldface power people. In 2008, in the teeth of the accusations against Epstein, he was spotted by a New York party reporter, “unshaven, smiling that feline-monkey grin,” at the Siegal-engineered screening of the HBO film Bernard and Doris at the Time Warner Center. But after prison, apparently Epstein needed her more than ever: In a Times story on how Manhattan’s A-list refused to shun him, Siegal in particular was willing to help him (for free, apparently), “using her gate-keeping powers to usher Mr. Epstein, a friend, into screenings and events.” In 2010, she threw a dinner party at his Upper East Side townhouse for Prince Andrew, Katie Couric, George Stephanopoulos, Charlie Rose, and Woody Allen. She and Epstein might have had other reasons to get along: Siegal, who has just turned 72, is a self-invention as well, without a particularly pedigreed background. Also notable is the fact that, as she told Vanity Fair in 2012, “my favorite way to travel” to Cannes is “on a friend’s G5 from Teterboro to Nice.” —Carl Swanson
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.Flight logs record Slater taking a flight from Ghana to Nigeria in September 2002.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Conspiracy theorists looking through Epstein’s black book will be disappointed that George Soros never appears — but they can find Peter.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.Flew with Bill Clinton to Africa (and, according to flight logs, the Azores) on Epstein’s plane.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Went on to star on Bravo’s Ladies of London.
Obviously, lawyers do not share guilt for their clients’ crimes. But it’s striking that Kenneth Starr chose to join Jeffrey Epstein’s defense team in 2007, after his moral fulminations against Bill Clinton’s sexual perfidy. His obsessive pursuit of President Clinton made him a folk hero on the right, representing the defense of traditional sexual virtue and the notion that it was under assault by Bill Clinton and the liberal elite. His special-prosecutor exploits propelled him to the presidency of the conservative Baptist Baylor University. During his tenure, the football program engaged in a horrific pattern of sexual abuse that led to the dismissal of the football coach and the removal of Starr after an investigation found “actions by University administrators that directly discouraged some complainants from reporting or participating in student conduct processes.”
It is perhaps coincidental, but Starr has tracked the broader conversion of the religious right from sexual shaming to sexual shamelessness. In an era when Donald Trump has exposed the hollowness of so many values conservatives allegedly hold dear, it is fitting that this Zelig of right-wing sexual hypocrisy has made yet another cameo. —Jonathan Chait
Attended a dinner at Epstein’s Upper East Side townhouse for Prince Andrew in 2010. “That dinner was the first and last time I’ve seen him,” Stephanopoulos said recently. “It was a mistake to go.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Responsible for one of the biggest hits in Broadway history, The Lion King, and one of the biggest flops, Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark.
In 2015, he defended Epstein, saying, “By the time they’re 14 or 15, they’re like grown women were 60 years ago, so I don’t see these acts as so heinous.” This month, he called his past statement “stupid and offensive.”
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Epstein has reportedly bragged that he’s the one who introduced Melania to her future husband. At the very least, the three have traveled together: She flew with Epstein on then-boyfriend Donald Trump’s plane in 2000.
Name found in Epstein’s black book and on Epstein’s private jet log.﻿Flew with Bill Clinton to Africa on Epstein’s plane.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.
Who built the temple? Tuttle, a designer of luxury resorts by trade, renovated the main compound on Epstein’s 70-acre private island in 2003. Sometime between 2009 and 2013, a “temple” appeared on the island: a large, boxy, blue-and-white-striped structure with a golden dome, surrounded by palm trees. In the days after Epstein’s arrest, the temple became the object of fervent speculation online. It was the kind of irresistible conspiracy-bait that exemplifies the Epstein story: On the one hand, shouldn’t it be enough that a mysteriously wealthy banker with connections to the globe’s most powerful people was apparently operating a child sex-trafficking ring without dabbling in theories about occult island temples? On the other hand, though, once you’ve accepted that, why would occult island temples be so out of the question? On the edges, the Epstein saga could seem less like a news story than like a brutal, unreadable fairy tales. Or maybe it was a desire to take a story about financial power and social privilege colluding to protect a criminal predator and transform it into something more terrible and monumental. After weeks of speculation, the first eyewitness account revealed that what the “temple” contained wasn’t a necromantic shrine but a gym, decorated with a framed photograph of a topless woman. —Max Read
There are currently 475 level-three sex offenders registered in New York County, but in 2011, when an attorney from the office of Cy Vance, Manhattan DA, argued that Epstein’s risk level should be reduced, Justice Ruth Pickholz responded, “I have to tell you I am a little overwhelmed because I have never seen a prosecutor’s office do anything like this.” Pickholz denied the request — Epstein’s risk assessment put him 20 points above the required threshold for the highest level of offender — and the DA’s office later reversed its request. Though there’s no indication Vance and Epstein were friendly, his office has been criticized previously for declining to pursue sex-crimes charges against Harvey Weinstein that coincided with a donation from his attorneys (though Weinstein has since been charged by Vance’s office) and fraud charges against Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. —Irin Carmon
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found in Epstein’s black book.Retailing billionaire Leslie Wexner was Epstein’s only known client, the man who transferred the rights to that famous townhouse to him for free in 2011, years after they were supposed to no longer be in contact. The relationship stretches back to the late 1980s, a time when Wexner’s star was on the rise. A 1985 cover story for New York visited him in Columbus, Ohio, where his retail empire was built. Journalist Julie Baumgold described how he, not unlike Epstein, was a self-made man, addicted to self-improvement, how he didn’t know how to pronounce La Grenouille correctly and wanted to have his picture taken at the Whitney, and noted that “Wexner is what used to be known as a ‘confirmed bachelor.’ ” (He later married and has four children.) Not long after that piece, he was introduced to Epstein, who had left Bear Stearns under a cloud and was broke. He and Wexner hit it off, and Epstein soon began managing Wexner’s finances. Wexner’s credibility lent plausibility to the notion that Epstein managed billions from his Caribbean-island redoubt. Associates of Wexner, who is now worth $6.6 billion, didn’t understand the attraction. Soon after the men began working together, Epstein moved into Wexner’s Upper East Side mansion. Wexner bought the seven-story townhouse in 1989 for $13.2 million but apparently lived there only for a few months. The title was transferred in 2011 to a Virgin Islands entity controlled by Epstein. It is now worth $56 million. —Michelle Celarier and Carl Swanson
Name found in Epstein’s black book.
Name found on Epstein’s private jet log.
Zuckerman went into business with Epstein — briefly — in 2004, spending $25 million to invest in Radar, but he pulled the plug after just three issues. He first attempted a deal with Epstein in 2003, when he was part of a consortium with Michael Wolff, Donny Deutsch, Nelson Peltz, and Harvey Weinstein to buy New York Magazine.
This post has been updated throughout.
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?