e-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The Dominican Sisters have long been a part of San Rafael’s history and community. Like the city, they have been through many changes.
The latest is the Roman Catholic order’s sale of the Santa Sabina to a Marin-headquartered not-for-profit group that plans to use the historic retreat for its program of “transformative” self-understanding and spiritual growth.
The buyer, the Hoffman Institute, holds classes at the San Antonio Road campus it bought in 2022 near the Marin-Sonoma line. Its St. Helena retreat burned in the 2020 Glass Fire and the group has been looking for a new center.
Santa Sabina appears to fit that bill.
The Hoffman Institute is buying the center that is nestled on a knoll above the Dominican University campus for $11.5 million.
Architecturally, the 85-year-old Santa Sabina is a treasure, with its Tudor-Gothic design inspired by the Dominican Monastery at Stoke-on-Trent in England. Among the center’s features are 38 bedrooms; a chapel that can hold up to 60 people; a library; a large conference room large enough for 100 people; an interior courtyard and garden; and a dining room.
For the Dominican Sisters, the sale is another change with the times for its order. Its membership is dwindling and the cost of keeping up Santa Sabina is rising.
Margaret Diener, a member of the Dominican Sisters of San Rafael who has served as Santa Sabina’s history, called the exchange “a very positive fit,” continuing the property’s use as a retreat center.
In recent years, it has hosted programs and retreats for prayer and spiritual and contemplative programs.
Change has been a norm for the order over the past 50 years. The order has supported the transition of its Catholic college to an independent university. It has even converted part of its convent for transitional homes for low-income mothers and their children.
The money raised from the sale of Santa Sabina will support the convent’s members and its facilities.
For Hoffman, it is close to its leadership and the headquarters for its weeklong retreats that are offered internationally and have attracted celebrities such as singers Katy Perry and Justin Bieber, as well as actors Sienna Miller and Oliver Hudson.
Those enrolled for the retreats, according to Hoffman’s website, learn “how to transform counterproductive beliefs, perceptions, and emotional patterns that are limiting their lives. They are taught how to live from the positive dimensions of their beings, resulting in lives that are more free, open, loving, spontaneous, joyous, creative, balanced, and whole.”
That there will be little functional change in the use and architecture is also probably welcomed news for neighbors.
Diener said the convent was approached by several groups and Hoffman “came in on all the measures that we were looking for.”
The Santa Sabina retreat has been a quiet slice of San Rafael’s landscape for decades. Hoffman Institute’s acquisition appears to be a good fit for both the growing program as well as meeting the changing ongoing mission and changing needs of the Dominican Sisters.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group