Each generation gets unfairly judged for whatever reason. Supposedly, Baby Boomers were a bunch of hippies, and Gen X gets called slackers. The harsh stereotype attached to millennials is that they are wiping away the old way of doing things (even though they were working just fine for everyone else). This includes phenomenon such as not buying homes or even their breakfast choices. Why do they insist on doing everything differently? Here are the traditional things that are endangered because of millennial habits.
Eating cereal on a Saturday morning while watching cartoons was a pastime for '90s kids. Fast forward to 2019, and it seems like those same kids are responsible for the decline of cereal. As perplexing as it sounds, it's true.
The New York Times reported that 40 percent of millennials surveyed said that the sweet and crunchy morning option "was an inconvenient breakfast choice because they had to clean up after eating it." That explains why avocado toast is so in demand now. 
"You may now kiss the bride" used to be a sacred phrase couples awaited to hear since the moment they fell in love. Research reveals that younger Americans are deciding that they don't need to tie the knot. Either that or they are waiting until way later in life. 
In the '80s, more than two-thirds of people aged between 25-years-old and 34 had already tied the knot. More than half the people in the age range today are single. No more wedding bells and throwing the bouquet? 
Have you begun to notice that movie theaters are upgrading for the better? Many have elected to adopt the reclining chairs, a full bar you can order from, and a waitperson brings you what you ordered to your seat, so you don't have to miss a beat. 
They're doing this for a reason. The movie theater industry is slowly dying thanks to millennials electing to stay at home and stream what they want to watch the moment it hits their favorite service. 
One item coming up keeps you clean but some people think it only gets dirtier...
Cars are slowly becoming less of a necessity and more of a burden. The car industry is suffering in this modern age for a few reasons. One interesting stat is that millennials are waiting longer than ever to get their licenses, something automakers are entirely shocked to discover. 
Another and more obvious reason is Uber! Throw public transportation in the mix as well as ride sharing, and young adults are finding out that owning a car isn't worth it. Urban-based young people might give in and eventually buy a car.  
The name of the game now is body wash. Bars of soap are almost obsolete even when your bathtub might have a built-in soap dish. Chances are, younger folks haven't used that dish at all, and there's a good reason behind that.
A MarketWatch report said that 60 percent of adults 18-24 think that soap bars become covered with germs after using it.  That's alarming, but that explains why body wash is so popular now. Rest in peace to soap bars everywhere. 
It's no secret that millennials love staying in shape, but they aren't doing it traditionally. The gym is a thing of the past as younger people prefer "boutique studio classes, online streaming services, running clubs," and other out-of-the-norm ways of keeping their muscles toned, according to the New York Post. 
All this boils down to is that millennials are hip to trying new things, but as a result, the old ways get pushed out of consciousness. Gyms may not survive for much longer. 
The Wall Street Journal reports that young people aren't finding fabric softener as something they need. Due to the increased quality of clothing fabrics and washing machines, millennials are quick to leave the softener at the store. 
Statistics show that the decline in the fabric softener market started when sales dropped 15 percent between 2007 and 2015. Big time marketing execs are steadily trying to find a way to connect with the young folks, but their efforts seem futile. 
The critical word to remember in this slide is authentic. Millennials aren't too wild about the cruising industry. They didn't get a chance to grow up watching The Love Boat, so they have no inspiration to travel the ocean on a huge luxury boat. 
Caribbean News Service reports that younger people prefer more "authentic" experiences. We don't think it gets any more real than sleeping out at sea with some close friends on your way to a tropical destination. 
At a certain age, beer becomes a staple in your refrigerator. At least, that used to be the case for past generations, but there's a new wave hitting the forefront recently and millennials are all in. 
This new trend is pot, and the generation coming behind millennials likes that instead of alcohol. Not only is drinking beer becoming less and less popular, but it may soon become something people frown upon in the future. Are brewers in trouble? 
Cable TV is slowly on its way out of many homes, and millennials are receiving the blame for this dying industry. Hulu, Netflix, Amazon Prime, and HBO all provide streaming services that only require a subscription, internet access, and a device to watch it.
The ease of it all makes sense for anyone who cancels their cable for the switch. The main reason millennials get the blame for this one is that they embrace this accessibility the most, and will never go back to the confines of wires and scheduled programming.
Casual dining is on the decline. Fewer people are sitting down at TGI Fridays and ordering a long island iced tea during happy hour. The CEO of Buffalo Wild Wings blames millennials for the restaurant chain's struggle to get people in the door and seated at a table.
Perhaps with the emergence of apps like GrubHub, Uber Eats, and Postmates, folks get to stay where they are and have their favorite dish come to them. We don't even have to make the trek to the restaurant to pick it up. Meal-kit companies have something to do with this too...
Next, are diamonds still a girl's best friend?...
We've heard the saying; diamonds are girl's best friend, but how can they be when they don't own them anymore? Millennials aren't buying into the whole idea of purchasing a diamond engagement ring for their significant other. They have different priorities. 
Things like saving for overpriced housing is on the mind of millennials and makes it hard for them to justify spending all that money on a glorified rock. If they do make the splurge, they are seeking out 'ethically-sourced diamonds'. However, those working in the diamond industry are hopeful that business will pick up again.
Millennials did the math when it comes to winning the lottery, and they know the odds aren't in their favor. In 2016, 61 percent of people aged between 50 and 64 played the lottery. Conversely, only one-third of folks aged 18 to 29 tried to get rich the easy way. 
It's always fun to dream about, but millennials are betting that the lottery isn't going to pay for their massive student loan debt.
When eating at home, there's a four in ten chance that you're going to use a napkin. Fifteen years ago, that ratio was at six in ten. The decline is thanks to millennials, who are more likely to use a paper towel in place of a napkin.
It works just as well, if not better and it's one less thing to buy. A marketing director also pointed out that the younger generation is less likely to eat around a table... is the dining table next on the list?
McDonald's used to be one of the most popular fast food chains in America among all age groups. But in 2019, that isn't the case. Especially for millennials. It's not like the clown isn't marketing to this audience; it just isn't helping that much. 
The Wall Street Journal reported that "The Golden Arches is losing its luster with younger consumers." One of the biggest reasons why is that younger folks are yearning for healthier options, which is why Micky D's just introduced the plant-based burger. 
For shopaholics, there are few things sweeter than purchasing a new outfit from the comfort of your bed. It's even better if you select one-day shipping! That brings us to the question: what's the point in going to a department store when you're only two clicks away from buying new clothes? 
Sadly, department stores are closing at a fast rate. While some businesses elect to shut down only a few locations, others' brick and mortar stores are closing completely.
You rarely see CEO Mark Zuckerberg in a full suit unless he's being questioned by Congress. Instead, he sports a plain t-shirt every day and even made the look synonymous with success in the tech industry. As a result, millennials are following in his footsteps. 
Not only that, but workplaces allow casual attire every day, not just on Fridays. It's become more accessible and convenient to ditch the suit unless you have to wear one for a special occasion. Lifestyles are becoming more focused on wearing leisure gear as well.
Just like suits, ironing is slowly on its way out the door. Who has the time to plug it in, wait for it to get hot and then become a master of wrinkle deletion? Not millennials, that's who! 
Many fabrics today don't need to be ironed, and even for the fabrics that do, there are a few hacks millennials have adopted to get around it. One of them is throwing whatever is wrinkling into the dryer on low for about 20 minutes. Another way is by hanging the shirt in the steamy bathroom as you shower. 
Okay, we were hoping you could think long and hard about this question: When's the last time you've seen a young adult use the doorbell, or even yourself for that matter? All it takes is one text that you've arrived and the door is going to open. 
The Wall Street Journal reports that "Some smartphone-carrying millennials are so used to texting upon arrival that the sound of a ringing doorbell freaks them out; 'it's terrifying.'" Now you know not to ring any more doorbells. 
Although there are still some millennials that like going out on their cheap local 9-hole courses, drinking too many beers, hitting the ball as hard as they can, the majority don't take the sport seriously. 
For many, the sport is too proper, expensive, and "boring" for them to have a legitimate interest in it. While golf also used to go hand-in-hand with business, chances are you won't see many millennials closing deals out on the links these days. 
One thing about millennials is that they also love to demonstrate how big of an activist they are. So, one food product that has suffered do to this is beef. Millennials don't want to be associated with the meat industry and have voiced their expression by refusing to buy it. 
Many have decided to become vegan or vegetarian with their reasons being the mistreatment of the animals, and cow's association with climate change. On top of that, beef isn't necessarily the cheapest product in the grocery store either. 
Although all millennials remember using a home or landline phone growing up, with the rise of cell phones, they no longer had a need for them. They could talk to their friends in private, worry about someone needing to use the phone, or their parents listening on the other end.  
According to a survey, 66 percent of 25-29 -year-olds live in a completely wireless house. So, it's safe to say that moving into a new place that they're more-than-likely renting, getting a landline phone is at the bottom of their list. 
While wearing couture clothes used to be at the forefront of style and making a statement, that's no longer the case. Now, the older or trendier your clothes, the more fashionable you are. 
Ironically, thrift shops are running designer brands out of business since millennials would rather buy something they think is cool for $10 rather than spend hundreds of dollars on something fancy. It's a perfect way for them to save money, while simultaneously developing their own style. 
One of the big jokes against millennials is that they're graduating from college and moving right back into their parent's house. Well, this is mostly because many can't even afford an apartment on their own. Furthermore, with housing prices continually rising, many will most likely never be able to own a home. 
Another reason millennials are opting out of a house is that they find it too restricting. They'd rather rent an apartment or a house in order to have mobility. so they don't have to make a huge commitment with a mortgage. Want to move from California to Canada? No problem!  
Investing in the stock market used to be the thing to do, but that's in the past. According to a survey by Barron's, stocks are not a popular way of investing money. Only 13% of those surveyed said that they would invest using the stock market. 
Most would prefer gold, cash, and the most popular, real estate. This is for a series of reasons, but most likely because they don't trust the stock market since they've seen first hand what can go wrong. 
Although their parent's house might be fully stocked with groceries at all times, a millennials pantry and fridge might look a little different. many aren't tempted by bulk grocery buying, especially at stores with memberships like Costco.
They're only shopping and cooking for themselves, so why do they need two weeks worth of groceries that won't even all be used? Millennials like to buy things when they absolutely need them, so spending money on groceries that might go bad only seems like a bad investment.
Although it's certain that millennials have been and will continue to consume wine, the way they shop for wine has changed. Although once thought to be heresy in the wine business, twist caps on wine bottles have become more and more popular among this age group. 
This is because millennials like to be on the go and having a wine bottle that requires a cork isn't always conducive to this lifestyle. If they know they're going to the park or the beach to hang out with friends, they're more than likely going to skip over the cork bottle. 
While mayonnaise used to be a staple condiment for household everywhere, in recent years, millennials have stopped buying and eating it altogether. Even if they like it, many of them would prefer to use flashy and more expensive condiments like avocado on their food. 
Chances are, if you go to a "hip" place to eat that's frequented by millennials, you most likely on't find mayonnaise as an ingredient anywhere on the menu. Don't think about checking their fridge for it either. 
A few decades back, the eager young traveler might pick up post cards and send them to loved ones as a piece of their adventure. Twenty-five years ago, more than 20 million postcards were sold annually. Well, that number is down to 5 to 6 million today. Social media is the biggest reason for this decline. 
Why would somebody take the time to write a postcard when they can post a picture of themselves with a caption to show everyone what they're up? If they do grab a postcard, it's most likely as a novelty. 
Although many millennials may have grown up drinking a cup of milk with their dinner, dairy sales are now on the decline mostly due to the few number of millennials who still purchase it. One of the main factors contributing to the decline in milk sales are the number of millennials who have switched over to vegetarian or vegan diets. 
In the United States, milk consumption has dropped by 40% since the 1970s, yet nondairy alternatives have risen by 30% since 2011. So, it's clear that many millennials are opting for alternatives rather than the real thing. 
Not so long ago, your only options when traveling and staying somewhere indoors included a friends house or motel/hotel. In recent years, the game changed when people began renting out their own homes and properties to people to rent by advertising them on websites such as Airbnb, Vrbo, Turnkey, and more. 
Today, millennials relish these websites because they find staying somewhere more private, comfortable, unique and sometimes cheaper beats staying at a hotel any day. 
Due to millennials eating habits and their desire to use as less packaging materials as possible, processed foods across the board are beginning to suffer. However, canned fish, especially tuna, is taking a major hit. According to The Wall Street Journal, only around 32% of millennials buy canned tuna, while the percentage of other generations has remained high and consistent. 
According to Starkist vice president of marking Andy Mecs, "A lot of millennials don't even own can openers." Other contributing factors include millennials not wanting to contribute to the overfishing of the oceans. 
While they might not have a problem digging into a large Thanksgiving turkey at their family's holiday dinner, they're much less likely to do so at their "Friendsgiving."  If they even have a turkey at all (which is rare), it's most likely to be a much smaller bird. 
At the end of the day, many simply don't have the patience or knowledge to even cook an entire turkey. Besides, a lot of millennials prefer to have a potluck style Thanksgiving with their friends to make things easy for everyone, and it's unlikely someone is bringing a turkey. 
Much how millennials are beginning to dress more and more casual in the workplace, they're also avoiding anything that might give them discomfort. While Carrie Bradshaw's stilettos were once a fashion trademark among women at the time, millennial women have thrown them right out the window. 
They much prefer shoes that are comfortable and are thinking practicality over fashion. Some shoe designers have noticed this and have now begun making formal shoes that are still comfortable enough that millennial females will buy them. 
When you think of a young millennial on a budget, one might assume that single-slice American cheese would be a staple in their diet. It's cheap and has enough preservatives to last for forever. Yet, that's certainly not the case. Millennials are forgoing the classic single-slice American cheese for healthier, more diverse, and more expensive cheeses. 
This is because many try to eat fewer preservatives, or they want to invite their friends over and impress them with the charcuterie board they assembled for the party. Sales from producers such as Kraft and Velvita have been slowly but surely dropping since 2014. 
According to the CEO of Sun-Maid's Raisins, Harry Overly, Millennials have been the biggest problem for the raisins industry. Apparently, the only people eating raisins these days are older generations or people with young children. 
Raisins are now trying a new market strategy by tapping into the millennials nostalgia of their childhood, but it doesn't appear to be working as of yet. While millennials would rather spend their money on other foods, another reason for the decline in raisin sales is because there's too much sugar for many of their ultra-healthy diets. 
Because of trendy foods and the desire to eat as healthy as they can, millennials have left yogurt, especially light yogurt, in the dust. Instead, they prefer natural and protein-rich yogurts like Greek yogurt, instead of yogurt that offers a lower-calorie option. 
In 2016, Yoplait Light yogurt sales fell 8.5% and continues to fall. It's clear that the only people buying it now are older generations or those with kids. Millennial would never dare have a breakfast bowl with anything but Greek yogurt. 
Razor sales are drastically falling. There is a rise in the laid-back approach to shaving. Men younger than the age of 45 have adopted this trait and it's sent the razor industry into a frenzy. 
CNN reported in 2018 that Gillette had to stage an intervention by cutting the prices on their products by an average of 12%. Studies show that over the last decade, the number of times per week men shave dropped from 3.7 to 3.2.
College and NFL viewership haven't kept the same amount of viewers over the last few years and they have millennials to thank for that. Analysts haven't figured out the exact cause of this, but they have narrowed it down to a few things. 
They say the 2016 election might have something to do with it, as well as the protests spearheaded by Colin Kaepernick. Or the game might have just become boring. Also, with fewer people using cable,  younger people would have to keep up via their phones. 
Not only are designer clothes experiencing a sales drop, but so are their handbag counterparts. Brands like Gucci and Michael Kors have been selling bags at a major discount due to millennials losing interest in their products. 
Young people also don't have as money to spend on them. This is the "kiss of death for trendy fashion brands, particularly those positioned in the up-market younger consumer sectors," industry expert Robin Lewis wrote on his blog.
"At scale, ubiquitous on-demand and subscription delivery of prepared food could potentially spell the end of cooking at home," the UBS report states. The time is almost near when folks are barely cooking anything at home anymore. 
The UBS report also noted that by 2030, online food delivery will comprise ten percent of the food-services market. If you haven't learned to cook by now, don't worry, because it's almost going out of style. You won't be impressing anyone when you fire up a filet mignon. 
Soft drinks aren't as popular as they used to be. No matter what type of new marketing scheme brands like Coke and Pepsi dish out, millennials just aren't buying it. Some still fall victim to it, but that 'some' is shrinking. 
In 2006, sales declined for the first time in 20 years. Much of Coke's remarketing scheme is to convince the younger folks to purchase lower-calorie drinks. In 2018, Diet Coke even relaunched a millennial-focused ad. 
Traditional plastic water bottles are becoming a thing of the past. When they're not piling up in the back seat of your car, you can find them collecting dust on the shelves at your local grocery store. 
Younger people have become more aware of the harm that plastic causes, so making the switch to glass or metal bottles is the way to go. Brands like Hydro Flask have gotten extremely popular over the years due to this. 
How bizarre is this? Not only are weddings dropping fast, but those who make it that far might not even enjoy a honeymoon together. Island resorts will feel the pain on this one. 
Newlyweds are having "unimoons" where they travel separately. According to one groom who did this, the trend comes from "workaholism and being on the work-and-spend treadmill [because] you can't even coordinate one of the most important times of your life together."
Chip readers have increased while more people have adapted to using debit and credit cards. Cold hard cash gets the short end of the stick here. An NPR and PBS poll asked if millennials would use credit cards or cash to pay for their holiday shopping and the results are shocking. 
63% of people under 30 revealed that they planned to use plastic instead of paper. Online shopping, Paypal, Apple Pay, and Google Pay have made the need for cash money to disappear. 
When a president who isn't very well-liked gets elected and millennials threaten to move across the border to Canada, you would think they would like to visit there too. That isn't the case at all. 
Millennials are eight times more likely to vacation somewhere rather than Canada. Why threaten to move there if you aren't even going to take a trip to the lovely country? Don't you want to run into Justin Bieber or Drake? 
Just as millennials are killing marriages, they're also bringing down your average divorce rates. A professor from the University of Maryland named Philip Cohen found that between 2008 and 2016, divorces fell by a shocking 18 percent. 
"One of the reasons for the decline is that the married population is getting older and more highly educated," Cohen said. "Marriage is more and more an achievement of status, rather than something that people do regardless of how they're doing."
A study uncovered that 75% of millennials don't have any life insurance. They don't have it because they can't afford it. Not having the money to do it is one thing, but once they realize its something they would need, sorting through the options can become intimidating. 
Something millennials fail to realize is that the younger you are when you get coverage, the cheaper it will be in the long run. The life insurance business isn't as prominent as it once was, but with proper education, that can change.