Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
We have more newsletters
Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
We have more newsletters
TV’s Paddy McGuinness fears he won’t live long - because he is going bald.
The star, 51, believes that this has damned him to a shorter life span.
He will tell his former Top Gear sidekick Chris Harris, 49, on BBC One’s Road Tripping on Sunday: “Do you know who is 83 and he is amazing on it? Ringo Starr! Jagger! He is in his 80s.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
“Do you know what I am equating it to? Hair.
“I think there’s something about longevity if you have got a good head of hair. The Rolling Stones would never be The Rolling Stones if it was hair around the sides and bald on top - like most blokes.”
The comic did once claim he’d consider a hair transplant.
He said: “The best one I have seen in the flesh and it was so good I thought to myself ‘I’m going to get that done’ - it was Jimmy Carr.”
But he never went through with it.
A Danish study into longevity and baldness says Paddy has nothing to worry about as it found no link between dying early and going bald.
The lighthearted concerns of TV personality Paddy McGuinness about his receding hairline highlight the emotional and social dimensions of hair loss—a challenge faced by millions worldwide. 
While Paddy jokes about longevity, the topic resonates deeply, as hair restoration is not just about aesthetics, but also about confidence and identity.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course. 
To join our community, all you have to do to join is  click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. 
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
  CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter