The Biebers announced they'd welcomed their first child, son Jack Blues, in August
Hailey Bieber/Instagram; LAGOSSIPTV/BLUE LOVE IMAGES / BACKGRID
 Hailey Bieber is nailing the boss lady look!

 On Wednesday, Oct. 23, the model, 27, had the support of her husband Justin Bieber as the couple attended a Rhode party in Los Angeles, marking her first public event appearance since announcing they'd welcomed their son Jack Blues in August.

 The new parents were pictured at Funke in Beverly Hills as they celebrated the launch of Hailey's skincare line's new Barrier Butter, which is out on Oct. 28.

 Hailey dressed to impress for the outing, suiting up in an oversized Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello gray blazer jacket, which she teamed with a pair of matching pleated pants and a striped shirt.

LAGOSSIPTV/BLUE LOVE IMAGES / BACKGRID
 The beauty mogul completed the look with a maroon patterned tie, a chic up 'do and a pair of black-rimmed glasses. She carried a maroon Saint Laurent clutch bag and added some extra height with a pair of pointed heels.

 Meanwhile, Justin, 30, went for a more casual get-up, donning a brown plaid jacket and jeans, which he teamed with a pair of sunglasses and a tan hat.

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Hailey made sure to document her outfit on her Instagram Stories, giving fans a closer look as she zoomed in on her get-up and makeup while snapping a selfie. She also gave fans a glimpse of the outfit while posing in a mirror in another clip.

 The PEOPLE Puzzler crossword is here! How quickly can you solve it? Play now!

 Hailey and Justin were joined by multiple celebrity friends at Wednesday's event, including Kendall Jenner, Kylie Jenner, Bella Hadid and Lori Harvey.

 Kylie, 27, shared videos on social media, including a TikTok clip showing some of the celeb guests mouthing along and singing to the "Pose For Me" remix by John Mackk, featuring Natalie Nunn.

 She also posted another video on Instagram, showing herself and Kendall, 28, mouthing along to the audio, "Oh, I wasn't sad, I just needed a little bit of this, a little bit of that, little bit of that, and a little bit of that..." as they hugged, drank cocktails and posed with Kendall's 818 Tequila.

 "Little bit of that @kendalljenner," the Kylie Cosmetics founder captioned the post.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

Hailey Bieber/Instagram
 Despite Wednesday marking Hailey's first post-baby event, she did step out with her friend Lori Harvey on Saturday, Oct. 19, to attend Don Toliver’s Los Angeles concert, which saw Justin make a surprise appearance on stage.

 The pair sang their song "Private Landing" from Toliver's 2023 studio album Love Sick at the Crypto.com Arena. The hit track also features Future.

 The night out came almost two months after the Biebers announced the arrival of their first child on Aug. 24.

 "WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER," Justin wrote on Instagram at the time alongside a photo of the newborn's tiny foot.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)