Hailey Bieber has candidly discussed her pregnancy journey and her current relationship with her family in a stunning photoshoot for W Magazine's Special Summer Issue.
The beauty mogul and Rhode founder graced the cover and took to Instagram to share a series of snaps, one being the photo in black and white, showcasing her baby bump. She captioned the post: "@wmag with little burrito in my belly shot by @davidsimsofficial. thank you thank you @saramoonves, hair @duffy_duffy, makeup @diane.kendal [and] styling @paulsinclaire."
In a heartfelt interview, Hailey reflected on her upbringing and the distance that has grown between her and her family. She reminisced about her "beautiful memories" from childhood but acknowledged her independence in adulthood.
Click here to follow the Mirror US on Google News to stay up to date with all the latest news, sport and entertainment stories.
READ MORE: Hailey Bieber shares unusual pregnancy diet after suffering with horror morning sickness
She shared: "I had a fairly normal childhood. Obviously, I come from the family that I come from, and I always recognized that that was different." She continued: "I'm not super close with my family at this point in my life because I feel like I'm very independent. I'm my own individual now, and I've built my own family. But when I look back on my childhood and how I grew up, I have very fond, beautiful memories."
Born Hailey Rhode Baldwin on November 22, 1996, in Tucson, Arizona, Hailey is the youngest daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin and graphic designer Kennya Deodato Baldwin, with an older sister, Alaia Baldwin.
Hailey Bieber, niece of Alec Baldwin, has been in the spotlight following the dismissal of involuntary manslaughter charges against her uncle on Friday, July 12. The charges were related to the tragic death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins on the set of Rust in October 2021, an incident which also left director Joel Souza injured.
Hailey signed with Ford Models at 17 years old and moved to New York City. She recalled being thrust into an adult world, saying she was surrounded by "a lot of grown people doing very grown things," which accelerated her journey into adulthood while her peers headed off to college.
Now, Hailey is preparing for a new chapter as she and her husband and pop singer, Justin Bieber, are expecting their first child. The couple, who tied the knot in 2018, have been vocal about their desire to start a family and have cherished the time they've had together as a duo.
Opening up about her pregnancy, Hailey shared: "In the beginning [of pregnancy], it was super emotional for me. Like, 'I love this human so much. How can I possibly bring someone else into this? ' I'm trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.