Suddenly it's 2008 again.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Millennials, rise up. Hailey Bieber has just brought back the ultimate 2010s trend—a trend so polarizing, Gen Z had to rebrand it entirely to justify wearing it. Yup, I'm talking about yoga pants.
Looking like the most popular girl at your high school, Hailey Bieber wore what the teens are now calling "flared leggings" in classic black. She paired the '00s relic, not with camel UGG boots and a North Face, but with a boxy leather jacket and matching pointed-toe kitten heels.
Though the model was dressed for math and/or yoga class, she was actually attending a Wednesday night church service in Beverly Hills with her husband Justin (who was wearing the same $2,520 slippers he chose for their baby shower and jorts).
Hailey and Justin Bieber step out in Los Angeles wearing casual looks.
Though her bottoms were straight out of 2010, Hailey's choice of accessories brought the look squarely into 2024. Though each piece was vintage-inspired in its own right, her additions touched on some of summer's buzziest trends (minus the butter yellow from her baby shower manicure).
The model wore chunky gold, '80s-inspired earrings, a cheetah print shoulder bag à la "mob wife," and thin oval sunglasses. She styled her hair for the modern era, as well (read: with tendrils and a big claw clip).
Though Hailey is on the cusp, falling into Gen Z only by a couple of months, she has a well-documented appreciation for Millennial trends of yore. The model has been wearing yoga pants for years and also took part in 2022's UGG boot revival. Hailey has also done her part to revive polo shirts—not exactly the skin-tight Hollister styles we used to wear, but still.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Kelsey (she/her) is a freelance fashion editor and writer, specializing in e-commerce and fashion news. With more than ten years of experience in digital media, Kelsey has a knack for turning top-performing content into top-selling content. At Marie Claire, she provides witty celeb style commentary, unpacking the style choices of stars like Zoë Kravitz, Dua Lipa, Selena Gomez, and her fashion superhero, Rihanna. When she’s not tracking the personal style of Hollywood’s elite, Kelsey also covers designer collabs and industry news.
Before taking her talents to Marie Claire, Kelsey was the Senior Fashion Editor at Bustle, where she oversaw the site’s fashion coverage and launched a successful luxury handbag series called Secure The Bag. Prior to Bustle, she came from a six-year stint at Seventeen, during which she managed the team’s fashion and beauty verticals and led e-commerce strategy. In her freelance era, Kelsey contributes to publications like InStyle, Cosmopolitan, Glamour, and more. She also offers consulting services and content creation, in addition to writing and editing. Follow @klstieg on Instagram for 'fit pics and travel recommendations.

In another actor's hands, a twin-swapping storyline in a serial killer series could easily fall into over-the-top, no-way-in-hell-is-that-real territory. But Camp brought deep empathy and zingy humor to the final season of 'You.'


Former royal butler Grant Harrold shared the "practical" decisions being made as King Charles ages.


It does sort of sound like her name, I guess.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


The dress's previous owner has a lot to do with the first Monday in May...


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


I can't resist following their lead.


Another thing we have in common? Her Adidas Sambas.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.