Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The family of Love Island's Samantha Kenny has broken its silence on her coupling up with her villa housemate Joey Essex. Her sister, April, said she thinks Samantha and the TOWIE star could go the distance, saying her family are "rooting for them".
Despite their enthusiasm, April, 35, also admitted her and Samantha's dad can't watch the show live, and has to get it "proof watched" first to check he's okay to witness his daughter's island antics. "My dad is getting it proof watched before he watches it, to make sure it’s OK. My mum is fine with it!," she told the Mirror
April also said that while she herself did watch The Only Way Is Essex - the reality series which first made Joey a household name - her sister was never a "groupie" and didn't really follow the series. 
"We watched TOWIE when Joey was on and we always thought he was brilliant," she said. "He’s comical, he’s good-looking, he’s just the vibe, so when he picked Samantha we were over the moon. He’s got Sam’s family’s seal of approval. They seem genuinely happy and getting on like a house on fire."
The 26-year-old Islander's sister also shared her support for Samantha's growing connection with Joey, saying: "We love him. He’s absolutely gorgeous. Joey is fun, good looking. He’s got everything for Sam."
The family revealed that they got together in their local pub, in Liverpool, to watch the first episode on a projector, and were "shocked" when Joey made a surprise entrance - but weren't surprised that Samantha and Joey coupled up together.
April said: "It didn’t surprise me that they’ve got on. Sam loves fun - she’s all about fun, and we all know Joey Essex can bring the fun. I knew she was going to absolutely love him and I knew straight away they’d get on."
Before entering the villa, Samantha said she had a huge crush on Justin Bieber and loved his "floppy hair". She also admitted to having a crush on Sir David Attenborough, who she would have liked to see in the villa “because he’s really clever”.
While Joey is now sporting a buzz cut and isn't known for his intellect, April joked that academia "is not a priority." Samantha has said she likes that Joey is older than her, which makes a change from her previous boyfriends, who were always younger, according to her sister.