Although Harry made a special NFL cameo in Las Vegas last week, the Sussexes missed the big game
The suites at Las Vegas’s Allegiant Stadium were brimming with celebrities gearing up to watch Super Bowl LVIII. These stars included—but were not limited to—Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Blake Lively, Lady Gaga, Kim Kardashian, Justin Bieber, and Paul McCartney. Despite the packed attendee list, one couple in particular was notably absent from the festivities: the Duke and Duchess of Sussex.
Despite speculation that Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan would make an appearance at Sunday night’s game, People reports that the two had never intended on watching the football championship in person. 
Hopes for a Sussex/NFL crossover episode were first voiced when Harry made a surprise appearance in Las Vegas last Thursday, just a few days before the big game, to present the Walter Payton NFL Man of the Year award to Pittsburgh Steelers defensive tackle Cameron Heyward.
“All you guys do on and off the field is truly remarkable,” Harry said in a speech. “You are role models for millions in the way you carry yourselves and in the way you give back. This final award, the highest honor, is all about serving your community. And there’s one special man we’d like to pay tribute to now: a player who goes above and beyond, and whose extraordinary commitment to helping others is a reflection of his own story.”
Heyward expressed his disbelief at the royal’s presence, starting his acceptance speech, “Oh man. Prince fricking Harry. I’m in shock. That’s Prince Harry.”
Prior to that appearance, the duke briefly visited father King Charles III in London, after the announcement of the monarch’s cancer diagnosis.
“The duke did speak with his father about his diagnosis,” a source close to the Sussexes told Bazaar the day the news came out. “He will be traveling to the U.K. to see His Majesty in the coming days.”
While short, Harry’s visit was reportedly warmly received by Charles, perhaps marking a turning point in the estranged, complicated relationship between father and son.
The king’s cancer was identified during an operation he underwent last month to treat a benign enlarged prostate. He is in the midst of beginning outpatient treatment at his Sandringham country estate.
Meghan Markle Says She Emails Her Kids Every Night
Meghan Markle Gushes About Prince Harry on Podcast
Duchess Meghan Is Done Playing the "Prove It Game"
Meghan Markle Talks About Running for Office
Meghan Markle Goes Makeup-Free for New Interview
Meghan Shares New Pictures of Archie and Lilibet
Denmark's Gen-Z Princess Poses Holding Her Phone
Prince Louis Is All Grown Up on His 7th Birthday
Meghan Says She’s the Happiest She’s Ever Been
Duchess Meghan Brings Montecito to NYC in a Loose 
Kate and Will’s New Royal Tour Has a Romantic Tilt
Royal Experts Weigh in on Princess Kate's Health
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.