By Matt Grobar 
Senior Film Reporter

EXCLUSIVE: After generating some pretty spectacular ratings for Netflix as co-host of its Roast of Tom Brady, Jeff Ross is set to reteam with the streamer on Torching 2024: A Roast of the Year, premiering globally on December 27.

	Billed as a night of savage laughs, and surprises, looking back on the last 12 months, the roast will tape at the The Bellwether in Los Angeles on December 17. Featured guests will include comedians Mark Normand, Ms. Pat, Sam Morril, and Tim Dillon.

	Joe DeMaio is directing, with Ian Orefice and Michael Antinoro exec producing for EverWonder Studio, alongside Bryan Zuriff for BZ Entertainment, Ross, Canopy Media Partner’s Amy Zvi, and Michael Gibbons.

	










	Nicknamed the “Roastmaster General,” Ross has been a central figure in the art of celebrity roasts for multiple decades. His association with roasts began in the late 1990s through the New York Friars Club, and in 2003, he transitioned to mainstream prominence as a staple on Comedy Central’s Roast series, roasting the likes of Pamela Anderson, Donald Trump, and Justin Bieber. Ross’s mastery of the form extends beyond live events — he’s also hosted the Jeff Ross Presents Roast Battle series for Comedy Central and pushed the boundaries of the genre with projects like Historical Roasts on Netflix.




			Watch on Deadline		






	While more selective, Netflix’s relationship with roasts has also been impactful. In May, the streamer aired its Roast of Tom Brady live from Inglewood, CA, as part of Netflix is a Joke Fest, seeing more than two million tune in on its debut night. Co-hosted by Ross and Kevin Hart, the lengthy special sending up the former Patriots quarterback hit No. 1 on the Nielsen charts and has generated over 1.7B minutes viewed. In addition to Historical Roasts, Netflix prior to the Brady roast orchestrated a Jonas Brothers Family Roast in 2021.

	For Netflix, it’s been quite a busy year on the comedy front. Selling over 360K tickets to Netflix Is a Joke Fest over the course of its 12 days of live shows, the streamer put out nearly 40 stand-up specials in total in 2024, including a couple from Ali Wong and Rachel Bloom that were just nominated for Critics Choice Awards. Additionally, the company cemented John Mulaney as host of a forthcoming live variety talk show on the heels of the Critics Choice Award-nominated John Mulaney Presents: Everybody’s in L.A., which aired six installments during Netflix Is a Joke Fest.

	










	Upcoming specials capping the year for Netflix include Fortune Feimster: Crushing It on December 4, Jamie Foxx: What Happened Was on the 10th, Ronny Chieng: Love to Hate It on the 17th, Your Friend, Nate Bargatze on the 24th, and Michelle Buteau: A Buteau-ful Mind at Radio City Music Hall on the 31st.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.