Manage your account
Ariana Grande and Dalton Gomez are officially divorced.
After reaching a divorce settlement on Oct. 6, 2023, a Los Angeles Superior Court judgment dissolving their marriage of nearly three years became official on March 19, 2024.
TODAY.com confirmed in July 2023 that the two had separated. Court records obtained by TODAY.com show the two listed their date of separation as Feb. 20, 2023.
The singer filed for divorce from the real estate agent on Sept. 18, 2023, court documents obtained by TODAY.com show.
The documents show that they had a prenuptial agreement in place.
A source told TODAY.com that the pair were taking their time together to slowly work through the details of the agreement privately before filing for divorce.
“They’ve been really caring and respectful of one another every step of this process, the source says, adding that it was a “very kind and patient uncoupling process.”
The source notes that Grande and Gomez have “both moved on,” saying it was a “respectful, private and patient process.”
Since they began dating and married in 2021, Grande and Gomez have kept their relationship and marriage private. The "Save Your Tears" singer has since moved on and dating her “Wicked” costar, Ethan Slater, a source confirmed to TODAY.com on July 20.
Here is a look back at Ariana Grande and Dalton Gomez's relationship.
Romance rumors between the two started in early 2020.
However, they confirmed their relationship in Grande and Justin Bieber's "Stuck with U" music video. Towards the three-and-a-half mark, Gomez is seen dancing with Grande before she goes in for a hug and kiss.
In a since-deleted Instagram, Grande announced that she and Gomez were engaged. 
“Forever n then some,” her caption read at the time. She also showed off her stunning engagement ring, which featured a diamond and pearl.
Five months after their engagement, Gomez and Grande became husband and wife.
The “7 Rings” singer tied the knot on May 15, 2021, according to court documents, and her rep confirmed their nuptials on May 17, 2021.
“They got married,” Grande’s rep said in a statement to NBC News. “It was tiny and intimate — less than 20 people. The room was so happy and full of love. The couple and both families couldn’t be happier.”
According to People, the wedding took place at their home in Montecito, California.
The singer would go on to share photos from their special day on her Instagram.
February 2022: Date NightIn a rare Instagram post shared on Feb. 16, 2022, the pair is all dolled up and sharing a kiss.
The post, which is still on her grid at time of publication, was captioned with a pink heart with an arrow through it. It also includes a Boomerang of her and Gomez kissing.
Rumors began swirling that she and Gomez may no longer be together after Grande posted a TikTok in which she wasn’t wearing her ring.
However, Grande clarified the reason why she didn't have it on, saying in the video, “I’m just not wearing my wedding ring, it’s getting cleaned. I’m not getting a divorce before you start, don’t.”
According to the petition for divorce, Grande's legal team says she and Gomez decided to separate on Feb. 20, 2023, one year and nine months after tying the knot.
Grande would have been in London at the time, filming the upcoming "Wicked" movie, in which she stars as Galinda.
While attending the Wimbledon 2023 men’s final on July 16 in London, Grande was photographed sitting next to Jonathan Bailey and Andrew Garfield.
The photos also showed the singer without her wedding ring, which once again brought up concerns over her and Gomez's relationship.
Just one day after her Wimbledon photos went viral, on July 17, TODAY.com confirmed that the pair had separated. The news also came amid reports that she was dating her “Wicked” co-star, Ethan Slater.
“Ariana and Dalton have been separated since January,” a source confirmed to TODAY.com on July 20. “Ethan is separated from his wife, and she and Ethan recently started dating.”
Grande officially filed for divorce on Sept. 18, after two years of marriage. The reason for the split was "irreconcilable differences."
According to court documents obtained by NBC News, Grande and Gomez had a prenup.
The two reached a divorce settlement in Los Angeles on Oct. 6, court documents obtained by NBC News show.
The filing shows that Grande will pay Gomez in accordance with their existing written agreement. However, Grande asked the court to "terminate forever" spousal support to Gomez.
On March 19, 2024, a Los Angeles Superior Court judgment dissolving their marriage of nearly three years became official following the requisite six-month waiting period.
According to court documents obtained by the Associated Press, under the terms of their divorce settlement, Grande will make a one-time payment of $1,250,000 to Gomez with no future alimony. She also will give him half of the proceeds of the sale of their Los Angeles home and will pay up to $25,000 toward his attorneys’ fees.
This article was originally published on TODAY.com