On Saturday, Hailey Bieber shared a picture of a new piece of jewelry in her Instagram Stories with a sweet meaning behind it. The photo showed the model’s hand wearing a ring with a pear-shaped topaz stone and a square-cut peridot set in gold. Over the topaz, she wrote “me” and over the peridot she wrote “Jack.” The gems represent her birthstone, and her son Jack’s.
Hailey and husband Justin Bieber welcomed their baby Jack Blue Bieber in late August, though they have not officially announced his exact birth date. Justin posted a shot of Jack’s foot being held in his wife’s hand on a blanket, writing in the caption, “WELCOME HOME JACK BLUES BIEBER.”
The pair first announced that they were expecting in May of this year. In an interview with W Magazine post-announcement, Hailey said, “I was honestly able to keep it quiet because I stayed small for a long time. I didn’t have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff.”
She continued, “I probably could have hid it until the end. But I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly. I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.”
In November, Hailey posted a photo with Justin and baby Jack taking a walk outside in coordinated fuzzy coats. 
In September, a source told People that the couple were still adjusting to becoming parents.
“They seem even more in love since the baby arrived,” the insider said. Hailey is “feeling great, [and Justin is] encouraging her to catch up with friends.”
As for Justin, they added, “[He’s] been in a happy bubble since baby Jack was born. [He] wants to focus on being a great dad and husband.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.