‘Pillowface’ is taking over Hollywood.
The term has been used to describe the look that happens when filler, which doesn’t dissolve, migrates throughout the face and away from the area it was originally injected into. In recent years, some A-list celebs have been left with puffy and unnatural faces due to the phenomenon.
Rather than dissolving away, filler spreads underneath the skin and can cause tissue expansion which may become an issue with people who regularly get filler injections into their face.
READ MORE: Selena Gomez recalls weird encounter with P Diddy while dating Justin Bieber
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Common areas include the lips, cheeks and jaw and a number of Hollywood celebs have been branded with the term “pillowface,” including Madonna after an appearance at the 2024 Grammys left the internet confused as viewers scathed that the Queen of Pop “needs to stop with the plastic surgery” as she’s “nearly unrecognisable”.
However, the Material Girl singer quickly clapped back with an Instagram post following the speculation, stating: “Look how cute I am now that swelling from surgery has gone down. Lol.”
Chrissy Tiegen is another celeb that has been branded “pillowface,” with online critics stating that the star “was beautiful before” and that she has “destroyed” her features. It didn’t take her long to shut down the harsh comments: “No mean intentions? But saying this could be your face if you do it wrong? You’re a piece of sh**. I gained weight.”
Friends icon Courteney Cox has previously spoken out about her regrets with filler and on the Gloss Angeles podcast, the actress admitted she “looked a little off” so “kept doing more to look normal to herself”.
“Thank god they are removable. I think I missed up a lot now. Luckily I was able to reverse most of that. Now I’m actually just older.
People on the internet have been left gobsmacked by the term pillowface and some even quipped they “have never been more happy to be too broke for this stuff”. One person on Instagram wrote: “I’ve never been so happy that I’ve never had filler.”
Someone else added: “After I saw that MRI showing it spread, that was all I needed to see to never want to touch filler,” referring to a recent article showing an MRI scan of one woman’s extreme filler migration.
Beverly Hills surgeon Dr Kami Parsa recently took to TikTok to upload footage showing her 33-year-old patient’s filler underneath the skin. Green areas indicate filler and when he measured the amount, it was nearly 28 cubic centimetres which is over twice the amount that was originally injected.
The medical professional did note that hyaluronic fillers are hydrophilic, meaning that they absolutely love water which can cause tissue expansion, which explains the doubled amount of filler.
He spoke to Newsweek and said: “We feel that sometimes hyaluronic acid fillers have been overused for many years. We felt it’s important to share our findings [...] We hope that people will learn that less is more when it comes to the HA filler.”
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.