By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:22, 18 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:17, 18 March 2024   
 128
View  comments
Chris Pratt is back at work shooting the second season of The Terminal List, which tells the story of a Navy Seal who seeks to avenge the murder of his family.
But come Sunday, the leading man took time out to spend some time at church in Los Angeles with his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger and his three children.
The couple were spotted moments after leaving a service and heading back to their parked vehicle while Katherine joked around with Chris' 11-year-old son Jack, whom the Jurassic World star co-parents with his ex-wife, actress Anna Faris.
The blended family of five, which also includes Chris and Katherine's daughters Lyla, three, and Eloise, 10 months, seemed to be in good spirits, and they grinned broadly.
Katherine, who is the daughter of former California governor and Terminator star Arnold Schwarzenegger, looked fashionable in baggy black pants with a dark green button-down shirt over a white T-shirt.
Chris Pratt, 44, led his family back to their vehicle after attending church with his wife Katherine Schwarzenegger, 34, in Los Angeles on Sunday
She wore her dark locks pulled back into a stylish bun.
Katherine also carried two bag of essentials as her husband made sure the kids were ready to be strapped into their seats.
Pratt, 44, could be seen carrying little Layla in his arms as he led the family out of the church.
He opted for a casual look with brown khaki-style pants with a dark blue button-down shirt, while sporting a full beard and mustache.
Pratt and Schwarzenegger met in church in 2018, before getting engaged in January 2019 and marrying in June of that year. 
'I was in the front row of church — which is like, you kind of don't want to be like, "Woah, who's that?" at church. You know what I mean?' Pratt revealed during an appearance on The Drew Barrymore Show. 
'But I was sneaking some glances and wondering, "Who is that? Anyway, what am I doing? Come on, I'm broken, help me. But who's that?"' he recalled.
'So we kinda hit it off. And we didn’t start dating right away, but we met there and later on ended up going out.'
Pratt has been open about his faith and that he has attended Zoe Church in Los Angeles, which counts former Hillsong adherent Justin Bieber among its fans. 
The father-of-three's facial hair may be part of his look for The Terminal List: Dark Wolf, which began shooting season two this previous week.
The series was the number one show on Amazon Prime's Top 10 list within two weeks of its premiere in July 2022.  
The actor portrays Lieutenant Commander James Reece, a US Navy Seal with eight combat deployments, who's the Troop Commander of Alpha Platoon, SEAL Team 7, and Task Force Odin's Sword.
Schwarzenegger shared a laugh with her stepson Jack, 11, while Pratt held on to baby Layla
The Hollywood leading man offered up a peace sign to fans before leaving with is family
Pratt announced he began shooting season two of The Terminal List: Dark Wolf earlier in the week with a photo of a traditional movie clapper
The actor, who portrays Lieutenant Commander James Reece, a US Navy Seal with eight combat deployments in the series, could also be seen on set in the post
The cast also includes the likes of Constance Wu, Taylor Kitsch, Riley Keough, Arlo Mertz, Jeanne Tripplehorn, as well as wife's younger brother Patrick Schwarzenegger.
This past Wednesday, the Minnesota native shared a couple of photos taken on set to mark the beginning of the new shoot.
'Dark Wolf. Day 1. #TheTerminalList,' he wrote in the caption, alongside a photo of a traditional movie clapper, and a second image of himself on set, all decked out in his military fatigues.
So far, there's no official word on when season two of the action thriller series will debut on Amazon Prime Video. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group