Sonya Blakey is a household name when it comes to radio. Beginning her career in Chicago more than 20 years ago, she currently hosts "Sonya Blakey In...Full Bio
CONTACTS: Madeline Long, Madeline.Long@cityofchicago.org   
                                      DCASE Communications, DCASE@cityofchicago.org 
Mayor Brandon Johnson and DCASE Announce Lineup for the 
2024 Chicago Gospel Music Festival 
Saturday, June 1 in Millennium Park  
Three-time GRAMMY® winners The Clark Sisters,  
Todd Dulaney, Anita Wilson, and Chandler Moore  
to Headline Festival—Kicking Off Park’s 20th Anniversary Season  
 Pictured (L to R): Todd Dulaney, Anita Wilson, Chandler Moore, and the legendary Clark Sisters 
   to headline for 2024 Chicago Gospel Music Festival 
CHICAGO—Today, Mayor Brandon Johnson and the Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events (DCASE) announced the lineup for the 2024 Chicago Gospel Music Festival—the first festival to kick-off Millennium Park’s milestone 20th Anniversary Season. Taking place Saturday, June 1 from 4-9pm on the Jay Pritzker Pavilion stage, the 2024 headliners include the three-time GRAMMY® winning, highest-selling female gospel group in history, The Clark Sisters; Chicago’s own award-winning singer/songwriter Todd Dulaney; GRAMMY® winning singer/songwriter, Chandler Moore, widely recognized for his collaboration with the contemporary gospel group, Maverick City Music; and three-time GRAMMY® Nominated Global Recording Artist Anita Wilson. Hosted by iHeartMedia Chicago’s Inspiration 1390’s Sonya Blakey, DeAndre Patterson and VaShawn Mitchell, the festival also showcases rising star Lena Byrd Miles and brings audiences to their feet with Choir Nation: A tribute to Chicago Church Choirs.  
“The Chicago Gospel Music Festival embodies the Soul of Chicago. The origins of gospel music can be traced right back here to our great city and its deep roots continue to stretch out and transform lives around the world,” Mayor Brandon Johnson said. “I look forward to the extraordinary talent set to grace the stage this year and invite everyone to convene in Millennium Park to experience this long-standing musical tradition in all its joy and power.”  
“The Chicago Gospel Music Festival is an inspirational, family-friendly event and the perfect way to begin Millennium Park’s 20th Anniversary Season,” shared DCASE Commissioner Clinée Hedspeth. “Celebrating a musical genre born in our great city more than 80 years ago, the DCASE team has assembled an all-star lineup for this first of many unforgettable events in Millennium Park this summer.”  
2024 Chicago Gospel Music Festival Schedule 
Saturday, June 1, 2024 
4-9pm 
Jay Pritzker Pavilion 
Hosted by Sonya Blakey, DeAndre Patterson and VaShawn Mitchell 
Schedule subject to change  
4pm Inspiration 1390 Takeover: Lena Byrd Miles, Bishop Brandon Jacobs & New Zion Temple Choir, and Exalted of Chicago.  
5pm Choir Nation: A tribute to Chicago Church Choirs  
 First Corinthian Voices of Victory 
 Cosmopolitan Church of Prayer Choir 
 Fellowship Chicago 
 6pm Todd Dulaney  
 7pm Anita Wilson 
 Chandler Moore  
 8pm The Clark Sisters 
“iHeartMedia Chicago's Inspiration 1390 is proud to partner with the Chicago Gospel Music Festival every year,” said Sonya Blakey, Inspiration 1390 Program Director and Morning Show Host. “It is a joy to celebrate gospel music’s rich history and legacy in our city. Chicagoans come together like one big choir to sing, be uplifted and inspired by the power of gospel music.” 
The Chicago Gospel Music Festival is free. Visit ChicagoGospelMusicFestival.us for more information and to plan your visit. Sign up for the DCASE Newsletter or follow on Facebook for the latest updates.  
The Chicago Gospel Music Festival is sponsored by Chicago Transit Authority and Millennium Garages, with promotional partner Inspiration 1390.  
Artist Bios  
The Clark Sisters  
The Clark Sisters are an American gospel vocal group consisting of four sisters: Jacky Clark Chisholm, Elbernita "Twinkie" Clark-Terrell, Dorinda Clark-Cole, and Karen Clark Sheard. The Clark Sisters are the daughters of gospel musician and choral director Mattie Moss Clark. They are credited for helping to bring gospel music to the mainstream and are considered as pioneers of contemporary gospel. Their biggest crossover hits include: “Is My Living in Vain?,” “Hallelujah,” “He Gave Me Nothing to Lose”, “Endow Me”, their hit song “Jesus Is A Love Song,” “Pure Gold,” “Expect a Miracle,” and their largest mainstream crossover gold certified, “You Brought the Sunshine.” The Clark Sisters have won three Grammy Awards. With 16 albums to their credit and millions in sales, the Clark Sisters are the highest-selling female gospel group in history. 
Todd Dulaney  
GRAMMY® nominated singer/songwriter Todd Dulaney hails from Chicago, Ill. Dulaney is a Stellar Award Winner and has also been nominated for the Billboard Music Awards, Dove Awards, and a 2017 Grammy nomination for Album of The Year. Dulaney won Praise and Worship Album of the Year for “Your Great Name” at the 2019 Stellar Awards. His sophomore album and its debut single, “The Anthem,” both went to #1 on the Billboard charts, resulting in Dulaney being named Billboard's New Gospel Artist of the Year in 2016. His powerful single, “You’re Doing It All Again” yielded Dulaney yet another number one single at Gospel radio in “019. “Back to The Book” debuted with six positions on the Billboard chart after its first week of release, and the lead single “Psalms 18” hit number one with Billboard Gospel Airplay and Mediabase Gospel Airplay amassing more than five million streams.  
Chandler Moore  
Chandler Moore is a GRAMMY® award-winning singer, songwriter, and worship leader. He is widely recognized for his collaboration with Maverick City Music. Chandler has challenged the unspoken norms within the Contemporary Christian Music (CCM) and Gospel spheres. He has collaborated with some of today’s prolific artists from Kirk Franklin to Justin Bieber. His story telling approach to music and passionate live performances has captivated audiences worldwide.  
Anita Wilson  
With a timeless presence, distinctive vocal style, and down-to-earth humility, singer, songwriter, and producer, Ms. Anita Wilson stands out among contemporary artists. After a remarkable decade singing with Donald Lawrence & Company, she emerged as a solo recording artist in 2011, captivating audiences with her soulful ballad “Speechless.” Her debut album “Worship Soul” (2013), sophomore release "Vintage Worship" (2015), and third album "Sunday Song" all earned GRAMMY nominations for Best Gospel Album, establishing her as a timeless force in the industry. In 2020, Anita's Dance Soul remix EP debuted at #8 on the Dance Music Charts, showcasing her versatility and innovation. Her latest album, "Soul Sister," featuring soul-stirring collaborations with artists like Faith Evans and B-Slade, is available on all digital platforms, with new projects scheduled for 2024 and beyond. Ms. Anita Wilson's impact extends beyond her music, as she is also the Founder and CEO of her independent record label, Reflection Media, Inc., giving her complete ownership of her acclaimed albums and content.  
Choir Nation: A tribute to Chicago Church Choirs  
Featuring acclaimed local choirs performing on the Jay Pritzker Pavilion stage: Angela Spivey and the First Corinthian Voices of Victory; Pastor Derail Smith and the Cosmopolitan Church of Prayer Choir; and Pastor Reginald W. Sharpe II and Fellowship Chicago.  
Inspiration 1390 Takeover: Lena Byrd Miles  
Lena Byrd Miles, Stellar Award winner, Billboard #1 My Block Inc. artist, and the darling of the Oakland Bay Area has been singing since the age of four. Coming from a musical family, she launched her singing career at her Grandfather's Church where she faithfully lent her gift. More than an artist, Lena is a wife, daughter, sister, and friend with a unique ability to connect with people. Her innate comedic prowess and infectious laugh draws you in, but her compassion for mankind will cause you to appreciate her heart.  
Millennium Park 20th Anniversary Season 
Celebrating its milestone 20th anniversary season, Millennium Park delivers a world-class collection of architecture, landscape design and art that provides the backdrop for hundreds of free cultural programs including concerts, exhibitions, interactive art and family activities. Millennium Park is a spectacular gathering spot located in the heart of the city, a destination for all Chicagoans and visitors alike. In addition to the more than 80 free events to be presented throughout the summer, a special four-day 20th Anniversary Celebration will take place July 18-21 across the Park featuring award-winning headliners, activities for families and youth, workouts, new public art, dance performances, concerts, and fireworks — presented by DCASE with the Grant Park Music Festival, Millennium Park Foundation, and others.  
Millennium Park is the #1 attraction in the Midwest and among the top 10 most-visited sites in the U.S. Millennium Park is located on Michigan Avenue, bordered by Randolph St. to the north, Columbus Dr. to the east and Monroe St. to the south. The Park is open daily from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. Plan your visit. follow us on Facebook (@MillenniumParkChicago), Twitter and Instagram (@Millennium_Park); and join the conversation on social media using #MillenniumPark. 
Save the dates for these additional DCASE music festivals; as well as the complete Millennium Park 20th Anniversary Summer Season, including Summer Workouts, Summer Film and Music Series, and more; details to be announced in the coming weeks:  
 https://www.chicago.gov/city/en/depts/dca/supp_info/millennium_park.html
Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events 
The City of Chicago Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events (DCASE) supports artists and cultural organizations, invests in the creative economy, and expands access and participation in the arts throughout Chicago’s 77 neighborhoods. As a collaborative cultural presenter, arts funder, and advocate for creative workers, our programs and events serve Chicagoans and visitors of all ages and backgrounds, downtown and in diverse communities across our city — to strengthen and celebrate Chicago. DCASE produces some of the city’s most iconic festivals, markets, events, and exhibitions at the Chicago Cultural Center, Millennium Park, and in communities across the city — serving a local and global audience of 25 million people. The Department offers cultural grants and resources, manages public art, supports TV and film production and other creative industries, and permits special events throughout Chicago. For details, visit Chicago.gov/DCASE and stay connected via our newsletters and social media. 
iHeartMedia Chicago 
iHeartMedia Chicago owns and operates WCHI-FM, WLIT-FM, WKSC-FM, WVAZ-FM, WGCI-FM, WGRB-AM and WMFN-AM, and is part of iHeartMedia. iHeartMedia, Inc. [Nasdaq: IHRT] is the leading audio media company in America, reaching over 90% of Americans every month. iHeart’s broadcast radio assets alone have more consumer reach in the U.S. than any other media outlet; twice the reach of the next largest broadcast radio company; and over four times the ad-enabled reach of the largest digital only audio service. iHeart is the largest podcast publisher according to Podtrac, with more downloads than the next four podcast publishers combined, and has the number one social footprint among audio players, with seven times more followers than the next audio media brand, and the only fully integrated audio ad tech solution across broadcast, streaming and podcasts. The company continues to leverage its strong audience connection and unparalleled consumer reach to build new platforms, products and services. Visit iHeartMedia.com for more company information.