Designers							 /
													
								Fashion							 /
													
								Gold							 /
													
								Industry							

By Victoria Gomelsky | December 27, 2024
In jewelry news, sex may sell—but celebrities and trends sell better. That’s the takeaway from our top 10 ranking of style and design stories published by JCK this year. If a celebrity appeared in the headline, chances are the story performed well. Same goes for any article that aimed to enlighten our readers on product trends.
Below, peruse the list of our most popular style and design stories this year, including the No. 1 most-read piece, on a rock ’n’ roll royal whose jewelry, alas, flopped at auction.
By Victoria Gomelsky
Nearly 365 days after it was published, our forecast for 2024 holds up surprisingly well. Especially this part: “A few of our respondents suggested neutral and earth tones might be a natural response to the geopolitical tensions that will undoubtedly paint the new year.” Here’s looking at you, Peach Fuzz Mocha Mousse!”
By Brittany Siminitz
Our longtime style blogger waxed poetic about coquette bows, white metals, ears stacked with hoops, and anything peach.
By Karen Dybis
When Hailey Bieber, the model and beauty entrepreneur, shared her friend Isabela Rangel Grutman’s Mom ring on social media—shortly after giving birth to her first child with husband Justin Bieber—the flood of interest generated heaps of free publicity.
By Annie Davidson Watson
Earlier this year, model Emily Ratajkowski created two separate rings out of the engagement ring she received in 2018 from her now ex-husband Sebastian Bear-McClard. In the process, she may have invented a new “divorce ring” category.
By Karen Dybis
The FX miniseries Feud: Capote vs. the Swans was a living billboard for Verdura, and gave jewelry buyers an opportunity to see how the most fashionable society woman of the 1960s and ’70s—including Babe Paley, Slim Keith, and Lee Radziwill—styled their jewels, while spilling their (spiked) tea.
By Annie Davidson Watson
New Orleans antiques gallery M.S. Rau turned the world on with its acquisition of jewels from the personal collection of television icon Mary Tyler Moore. The circa 1975 jewels—including a bracelet and earrings from Van Cleef & Arpels’ renowned Etruscan collection—were a 39th birthday gift from Grant Tinker, Moore’s husband at the time.
By Annie Davidson Watson
Our auction and estate jewelry specialist highlighted a handful of trends poised to shape the new year, including sculptural metals, bows, timeless brooches, and boho layers.
By Amy Elliott
M.S. Rau makes its second appearance in our top 10 list, this time for a story highlighting its extraordinary assortment of jewels once owned by Elizabeth Taylor, including a gold bracelet engraved with her children’s names that was a 40th birthday gift from her friends, the photographer Gianni Bozzacchi and hairstylist Claudy Ettori.
By Annie Davidson Watson
The top trends our columnist spotted at the fall fashion shows included power pendants, mobile earrings, perfect pearls, fresh fruit, and chunky collars. And because jewelry is nowhere near as fickle as fashion, you might want to keep these trends handy for 2025.
By Annie Davidson Watson
A diamond and gold ring owned by the King didn’t find a buyer in Kruse GWS’ September Artifacts of Hollywood and Music auction, which offered nearly 400 lots of costumes, memorabilia, and clothing and other items once personally owned by such celebrities as Marilyn Monroe, Prince, and the Beach Boys as well as coffee heiress Abigail Folger.
By Rob Bates April 30, 2025
By Rob Bates April 30, 2025
By Karen Dybis April 30, 2025
By Brittany Siminitz April 30, 2025
2025 © RX USA. Use of this website is subject to terms of use.
Are you sure you want to log out?