Pop icon and actress Jennifer Lopez never fails to turn heads, so why should a holiday jaunt to Aspen be any different?
 This festive season, the star took her impeccable winter wardrobe to Colorado to hit the slopes, showcasing exactly how chic one can look in chillier climates.
The star is spending the holidays  with her children, her Mum and her sister Lynda in Aspen after something of a tumultuous year. 
J.Lo filed for divorce from her husband of around 2 years Ben Affleck in August, stating that the pair separated in April. 
Aspen is renowned for its celebrity fans, thanks to the brilliant ski conditions and picturesque landscapes. The Kardashians and Jenners are often spotted on holiday there as well as Justin and Hailey Bieber and of course the Christmas Queen herself, Mariah Carey.
J.Lo’s in good company this year, as other A-listers who’ve flocked to the snowy slopes include Yellowstone star Kevin Costner (who had a festive drink with our Jenny From the Block)  and The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills cast member Kyle Richards and her family. 
So let’s take a deep dive into the pop star’s perfect winter holiday wardrobe: 
For a little jaunt round the town, she sported the most perfect Moncler embroidered jumper matched with furry snow boots and Versace sunglasses (never forget, eye protection is key on the slopes reader!) 
Clearly a fan of a chunky monochrome embroidered knit, she also packed a Polo Ralph Lauren cardigan for the trip that looks so cosy we’d like to take a nap under it. She teamed the sweater with twist-seam jeans and mega platform boots.
For a trip to famous clothing store/bar Kemo Sabe, Jennifer looked fantastic in a black polo neck and matching cowboy hat (an Aspen must). Teamed, of course, with statement Chanel earrings.
For Christmas day itself, J.Lo opted for a robust black coat with mega fluffy hood, paired with her trusty furry boots as she posed for a sweet snap, grabbing coffee with her kids. 
For a cute pic with her sister Lynda, the pair both plumped for fluffy jackets in neutral hues and 70s-esque shades. 
This woman’s coat collection is a thing of true beauty. For a Christmas Eve stroll, the star sported a Coach oversize coat in a gorgeous caramel shade, paired with jeans and trusty platform boots. 
By entering your details, you are agreeing to HELLO! Magazine User Data Protection Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please click here.