It’s the most wonderful time of the year (or so the song says). The Christmas season is upon us and playing Christmas songs is an easy way to put us in a festive mood. While it’s Mariah Carey and Michael Buble’s Christmas albums, or a lesser known artist's seasonal collection, there are plenty of artists who  have released holiday-themed albums. Some of these might surprise you as they are quite unexpected. You wouldn’t have immediately thought of them when you think of Christmas music!  
Here are eight artists you didn’t know had Christmas albums, and why you should check them out.  
Sia may be known for the songs “Chandelier” and “Cheap Thrills,” but the Australian singer-songwriter also had a Christmas album. Everyday is Christmas is the singer’s eighth studio album; it features original holiday songs. The album was initially released in 2017 but re-released in 2018, 2021, and 2022 with additional songs every time. The album’s lead single, “Santa’s Coming for Us” was released in October 2017.  
The accompanying music video features husband and wife Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard, JB Smoove, Susan Lucci, Henry Winkler, Sophia Lillis, Wyatt Oleff, and Caleb McLaughlin.  
You might not have thought of Kylie Minogue when you want to play some Christmas tunes. After all, Minogue is known for her dance-pop anthems. In 2015, she released Kylie Christmas, a Christmas album with thirteen songs and three bonus tracks of original and cover songs. The lead single, “Only You,” was released in November 2015. It was a duet with comedian-singer, James Corden.  
You might be surprised to know that the guy who sang "F--- You" has a Christmas album, but he did release one in 2012. Unsurprisingly, it’s his first album that did not contain a parental advisory label. Cee Lo's Magic Moment features the rapper’s interpretation of classic Christmas songs. It also includes his collaboration with Christina Aguilera for “Baby It’s Cold Outside” and Rod Stewart for “Merry Christmas, Baby.”  
He might be known for his romantic ballads, but John Legend can bring the same smooth performance to holiday classics. His seventh studio album, A Legendary Christmas, is a testament to that. Released in 2018, Legend also went on tour to promote the album from November to December 2018. The album’s two lead singles, “Bring Me Love” and “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas,” were released in October 2018.  
American rock band the Killers also has a compilation Christmas album, Don’t Waste Your Wishes. The album is a collection of Christmas singles the band released from 2006 to 2016. What makes this album special, aside from being unexpected, is that 100% of the proceeds from album sales were donated to the Product Red campaign, which seeks to raise awareness and funds to help African countries dealing with a high number of HIV/AIDS patients.   
Like John Legend, Mary J. Blige also named her Christmas album with her name in the title. A Mary Christmas is Blige’s eleventh studio album. Released in October 2013, the album was produced by David Foster and features Barbra Streisand, Jessi J, Chris Botti, Marc Anthony, and the Clark Sisters as guests. For Umbrella Academy fans, it might be uncomfortable to hear Blige sing about “Rudolph, The Red-Nosed Reindeer” and “The First Noel” given her role in the series was a sociopathic and ruthless killer.   
Yup, you read that right. Snoop Dogg also has a Christmas album! The weed-loving rapper released his Christmas compilation Snoop Dogg Presents Christmas in Tha Dogg House in December 2018 with 20 tracks. The album is only available for sale digitally.  
Since we can’t find a verified video from his Christmas album to embed, enjoy this video of Snoop Dogg and Anna Kendrick singing a mash-up of “Winter Wonderland” and “Here Comes Santa Claus.”  
With all the news about his personal life, we often forget how talented Justin Bieber is. People might forget he is also a songwriter as evidenced by his Christmas album, Under the Mistletoe, released in November 2011. The album has fifteen tracks, seven of which Bieber co-wrote. He also included cover versions of Christmas classics. Busta Rhymes, Mariah Carey, Usher, the Band Perry and Boyz II Men all made guest appearances on the album. The album’s first single, “Mistletoe,” was released in October 2011.  
While there’s no harm in turning to the usual artists to usher in the festive Christmas spirit, there is a plethora of Christmas albums from artists you might not immediately associate with holiday music. Why not spice up your Christmas parties and dinners with these albums and let your guests guess who the singers are? Go beyond the usual hits and enjoy the holidays! 
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!