By
Metro Boomin drops $100K for women-focused nonprofits in St. Louis, honoring his mother’s legacy in style.
According to Variety, rapper/producer Metro Boomin has teamed up with Rung for Women and Amazon Access to deliver $20,000 checks to Almost Home, Diamond Diva Empowerment Foundation, Haven of Grace, Little Bit Foundation, and Parents as Teachers. These grants aim to help women reduce debt and cover essential expenses like utilities, childcare, and rent.
“I’ve seen firsthand the work that goes into being a single mother. Mine was my inspiration and my hero,” Metro told the outlet in a statement. “It’s very important to me to pay it forward, because I see the same resilience and dedication in the women these organizations work with.” 
From the sound of things, this partnership has been brewing since December. Metro Boomin raised the funds at the Leslie Joanne Soirée holiday event held at Rung in partnership with Amazon Access. Rung for Women, dedicated to helping women climb the economic ladder, is acting as the fiduciary agent for Metro as he prepares to launch his own nonprofit foundation.
“We are excited to partner with Metro Boomin in his work to lift up single mothers in St. Louis,” Leslie Gill, Rung’s president told Variety. “Inspired by the remarkable love he has for his late mother, he is demonstrating a commitment to women and to our community.”
On the music front, Metro Boomin, alongside collaborator Future, has been at the center of attention following the release of not one, but two joint albums. The first, We Don’t Trust You, which debuted in March, sparked a significant stir in a longstanding feud involving some of hip-hop’s biggest names, including Kendrick Lamar, Drake, J. Cole, and others. 
The project’s success was evident as it soared to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart. Shortly after, the duo followed up with We Still Don’t Trust You, featuring guest appearances from the Weeknd, Chris Brown, Brownstone, Ty Dolla Sign, J. Cole, Lil Baby, and ASAP Rocky.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97