ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LE BOURGET, FRANCE - DECEMBER 12: Jennie Kim from Blackpink wears a white oversize jacket, a ... More necklace, a white ruffled and gathered mini dress, a white fluffy bag from Jacquemus, white sandals / shoes, outside the "Le Raphia" Jacquemus show on December 12, 2022 in Le Bourget, France. (Photo by Edward Berthelot/Getty Images)
Blackpink singer Jennie has been riding high on a number of Billboard charts for months now. The superstar’s “One of the Girls” with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp has helped her make history in a number of ways, and it’s still going strong on some tallies. As that track continues, she earns a new–and very special–hit.
Jennie debuts at No. 1 on this week’s World Digital Song Sales chart with her latest single. The singer joined fellow South Korean musician Zico on his new track “Spot!,” which has become a quick win in a number of countries.
“Spot!” marks the second No. 1 hit for Jennie on the World Digital Song Sales chart. With this latest win, she instantly doubles her total count of leaders on the ranking of the bestselling “world” cuts in the U.S.
Jennie earned her first solo champion on this specific tally several years ago. She first ruled the World Digital Song Sales chart in 2018 with her aptly-titled “Solo” single.
With two No. 1s now to her credit, Jennie ranks as one of the most successful South Korean solo female artists in the history of the World Digital Song Sales chart. There aren’t too many names that fit that description that have been able to rule the ranking–and even fewer who have done so more than once. Some of the other biggest solo female acts who have reached the No. 1 spot on the roster include IU, Miyeon, Soyeon, CL, Youjeen, and fellow Blackpink star Lisa.
As a member of Blackpink, Jennie has topped the World Digital Song Sales chart many times. The girl group ranks as one of the acts with the most champions on this list among all South Koreans. The four-member outfit has sent nine tunes to No. 1, and 19 to the top 10.
As “Spot!” becomes a quick win, Jennie’s “One of the Girls” is still charting on other lists. This week, the tune can be found on the Hot 100 at No. 90, down just one peg. The single also declines slightly on the Pop Airplay tally, sliding from No. 18 to No. 21.