Abel gets called toxic a lot, but there's a #RealLover and #RealYearner in there, too.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	While the beginning of 2024 signaled many people’s start to Dry January, there was another online movement brewing involving social media users describing themselves as #RealLovers and #RealYearners. In other words, people who aren’t afraid to openly want who they want, and put forth the effort to attract them. 

	And with love comes many things: hugs, kissing emojis, romantic dates, FaceTime sessions, and, of course, music.

	You may not immediately jump to The Weeknd when you’re thinking of love songs. He has made a career of describing drug use, hedonism, internal strife, and heartbreak. However, sprinkled throughout his extensive catalog are admissions that he, too, is a #RealYearner. 

	Whether he’s getting high with someone who is his everything, continuing to go back to someone he knows isn’t good for him, or begging for someone to stay, Abel Tesfaye is indeed a loverboy and shows that they are not homogeneous. In honor of his 34th birthday and Valentine’s Day week, here are eight of The Weeknd’s most lovesick lyrics. 

“The distance and the time between us/ It’ll never change my mind ’cause/ Baby, I would die for you.”

The Weeknd‘s 2016 album Starboy established him as a true pop star. There’s the obvious hit, the title track, and several other records that are beloved within his canon. One of them, “Die For You,” went from being just a narrative fan-favorite to having the numbers to back it up after topping Billboard‘s Hot 100, nearly seven years after its release.

	Why does it resonate so much? Because of how emotive and vulnerable he got on the song. This is the same man who just five years earlier sang, “Baby, I’m a pro at letting go/ I love it when they come and go” on “Montreal.”

	Yet at this point, he had a love that consumed him so much, that no amount of miles or months could change how he felt about them, even though he knew he should let it go. They say “Out of sight, out of mind” but they also say “Absence makes the heart grow fonder.” This record was audible proof that the latter can often hinder the former, so much so that Abel was willing to give up his entire existence. Talk about “Til’ death do us part.” 

“Got everything I wanted; got the money, got the cars, got the ceiling with stars; I got everything I wanted, but I’d be nothing without you.”

The Weeknd spent the early part of his career singing about how “Cali was the mission.” He wanted to get out of his hometown to where he felt things could blossom for him. However, as of his 2020 album After Hours, he was ready to get out of Los Angeles and part of it was because of how stardom changed his life romantically.

	“Escape From LA” finds him coming to terms with his partner’s infidelity and still being willing to work with her. He blamed it on the “fast life” they lived in LA and felt they could have a healthier relationship if they got out of there. Despite the fact that he was hurt, he loved her deeply; more than any of the material things in his life.

	One secret nugget in these lines is a reference to “Nothing Without You” from his 2016 album Starboy. He achieved the “dream life” through his voice, but based his fulfillment on the love of someone who treated him wrong. Love can drive you to cling to someone who may not be the best for you, and he was a willing victim. 

“Show me your broken heart and all your scars/ Baby, I’ll take, I’ll take, I’ll take, I’ll take you as you are/ Show me your broken parts and all your flaws/ Baby, I’ll take, I’ll take, I’ll take, I’ll take you as you are.” 

	It’s human nature to strive for perfection, but true freedom comes in accepting that one can only be the best version of themselves, despite their flaws. The same applies to love. There is no perfect lover or perfect partner, but there is someone who can fit someone else like a glove, even if there are a few loose threads.

	On “As You Are” from his 2015 album Beauty Behind The Madness, Abel encourages his lover not to hide anything that she believes makes her imperfect. Loving someone requires loving all of them. Not just their good qualities, but their baggage, too. Weeknd commits to embracing everything, which is a prime requisite of being a real yearner. Only a real lover can accept imperfections because they know they aren’t perfect either, but be able to see that someone is still perfect for them.

“It’s quite unusual/ Seekin’ approval/ Beggin’ for it desperately/ I said / How do I make you love me? (x3)/ And make it last eternally?”

	Let’s be honest here: a lot of people have their careless phases before they become real lovers. They either don’t want to be limited to one partner or they feel like they should be the one to be chased. The Weeknd, with all of his success and constantly telling listeners the experiences women have with him, would sensibly see himself that way. Still, even the most hardened, emotionless person can have their shell cracked by the proper suitor. 

	That exact reality plays out in “How Do I Make You Love Me?” from his 2022 album Dawn FM. He finds himself in a place of discomfort, as he is now looking for a woman’s approval rather than the reverse. He wants to know what he has to do to gain her affection and then what else is needed to make it last. That’s real yearner DNA right there.

“Call out my name when I kiss you so gently/ I want you to stay/ I want you to stay even though you don’t want me/ Girl, why can’t you wait? / Girl, why can’t you wait ‘til I fall out of love with you?” 

	The process of falling in love with someone is beautiful. Conversely, the realization that you are falling out of love with them is sobering. It is even worse when you’re on the other end and can feel someone not holding the same strong feelings they once had. 

The Weeknd selfishly demands that his partner stick around even though she’s ready to leave on the hit “Call Out My Name” from his 2018 EP My Dear Melancholy. The last line is especially impaling; he knows she wants to go but he wants her to wait until he, too, has fallen out of love. Nothing healthy comes from staying in a relationship that one or both parties don’t want to be in, but he doesn’t want to be left alone while he still cares. That’s rough. 

“The whispers that I hear/ Are blowin’ through my ears/ These words I need to hear from you/ And I know this is a fling/ But you’re hidin’ someone’s ring/ It hurts to think I’m sharin’ you.”

	In the third season of the popular sitcom How I Met Your Mother, there’s an episode titled “Spoiler Alert” which deals with each character being informed about their partner’s and friend’s unappealing tendencies. Ted Mosby, the protagonist, learns his current girlfriend talks too much; Marshall Eriksen learns that his wife Lily chews very loudly; everyone learns that Robin Scherbatsky uses the word “literally” too often and usually in the wrong ways.

	What this episode displays is how loving someone, romantically or platonically, can often blind you to their negative qualities. And then, upon learning about them, everything changes. The Weeknd went through his own “Spoiler Alert” in “I Heard You’re Married” featuring Lil Wayne on 2022’s Dawn FM. He sings about being involved in a fling with a woman and how infatuating it is, only to be crippled by the revelation that she is married. Pain.

	The inflection in his voice shows how dire the situation was because he was having such a good time and thinking about the future with her. Even worse, she’s actively cheating with him, which is a complete turnoff because what would stop her from doing it to him later? Still, he wants her now, and it hurts to learn that she is splitting time between him and a husband. 

“On that lonely night/ We said it wouldn’t be love/ But we felt the rush/ It made us believe it was only us/ Convinced we were broken inside, yeah inside.” 

	Now let’s be clear: love is multi-faceted. You can absolutely yearn for someone due to an emotional connection, but physical love is also real. There’s a certain freedom in knowing that you and a partner don’t see a serious future between yourselves, yet still have a strong bond.

The Weeknd describes this complex reality in his 2015 hit “Earned It,” which appears in Beauty Behind The Madness. He and his partner both accepted that they were lonely, meaning they wouldn’t let the idea of being deeply in love creep into their minds. Still, they felt the power of physical connection so much so that the rest of the world didn’t matter.

	Beyond that, the fact that they could be so united, yet not seek something deeper made them understandably feel like they weren’t wired correctly. It wasn’t true; it’s completely human to seek company in moments of loneliness and feel like that person was right for you at the time. It’s just a good thing they were self-aware enough to know it shouldn’t be anything more than yearnful lust. 

“And even though you put my life through hell/ I can’t seem to forget ‘bout you/ I want you to myself/ And now I’m askin’, who do you belong to now?/ Who you give that love to now?/ Who you pullin’ up on? / Who you getting’ sprung for now?/ And what they got that I ain’t got? ‘Cause I got a lot/ Don’t make me run up on ‘em, got me blowin’ up their spot.”

	Once again, neither lovers nor yearners are perfect. Sometimes your adoration for someone can lead you to engage in the common but often unsavory “dirty mack.” You know, talking down on someone’s partner or even going as far as to threaten them. 

The Weeknd knew what he brought to the table on “Wasted Times” from 2018’s My Dear Melancholy, and left nothing on the table in owning it, even though the person he wanted mistreated him in the past. He couldn’t let the woman go and believed it was because they were meant to be together, especially after feeling like he wasted time with someone else; so much so that he was wondering who she was with and what they offered that he didn’t. 

	You know you’re down bad when you’re worried about the next man, but apparently, all is fair and love, yearning, and war. Even dirty macks and threats.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.