Manage your account
"American Idol" viewers have cast their votes and determined which of the season's 20 remaining contestants should make it into the Top 14.
As the 10 singers with the most votes sailed into next week during Monday night's episode, the other half of the bunch was placed in the "danger zone" to sing for their lives. These 10 "Idol" hopefuls competed for the four remaining spots, doled out by judges Katy Perry, Luke Bryan and Lionel Richie.
Ajii's placement in the bottom half of the contestants proved controversial, as the crowd booed "Idol" fans who didn't catapult the 27-year-old nursing home security guard from Brooklyn into the Top 14. But that wasn't the most shocking moment of the night, as Perry experienced a wardrobe malfunction when the night came to its dramatic conclusion.
Monday night's six-person elimination, which included the departure of one of the season's three platinum ticket holders, came after Elleigh Marie, KBlocks, Blake Proehl and Haley Mia were voted out Sunday night due to failing to garner enough votes from the Top 24's performances last week in Hawaii.
Here's what went down in Episode 11.
What happened last week? Emmy Russell, grandchild of Loretta Lynn, wows Luke Bryan
After Ryan Seacrest announced Ajii wasn't in the Top 10, the crowd behind the host nearly drowned him out with their boos, followed by chanting Ajii's name.
He was tasked with winning over the judges with his rendition of The Weeknd's "Call Out My Name."
Ajii, known for his truly impressive vocal box, kept up his streak of solid performances Monday night. However, the pink beanie atop his head was the most exciting aspect of his performance, visually, as Ajii remained center stage with the microphone stand.
"The audience is booing America's vote," Perry noted.
She added that Ajii "brought the vocals" and "at the end of the day, it's a singing competition." However, she also nodded that a contestant needs more than a good voice to make it to the end.
Also last week: Top 24 singers battle it out in Hawaii with special guests Tori Kelly, Iam Tongi
After he was placed in the "danger zone," Roman Collins took the instruction to "sing for your life" seriously as he belted out James Brown's "It's A Man's Man's Man's World."
The impact of his performance was so powerful, apparently, that Perry lost a portion of her cutting-edge top, which almost looked like a sharper version of Chicago's Cloud Gate, aka "The Bean."
"That song broke my top off," Perry explained as she sank beneath the desk to hide the issue. "This is a family show."
"You have the ability to blow the roof off of a place,” Bryan told Roman. "Or a top!" Perry chimed in, eventually clutching a seat cushion to her chest to hold her high-fashion outfit together.
'I look them up on Instagram': Katy Perry, Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan spill show secrets
After the judges chose Jayna Elise, Nya, Jordan Anthony and Roman Collins to round out the Top 14, the following six contestants were eliminated from the competition:
Quintavious
Kennedy Reid
Jennifer Jeffries
Ajii
Odell Bunton Jr.
Mackenzie Sol
Odell Bunton Jr. became the first platinum ticket winner of the season to not advance in the competition.
With both America's and the judges' votes, the following contestants are making it through to next week:
Mckenna Breinholt
Jack Blocker
Mia Matthews
Sam "Kayko" Kelly-Cohen
Will Moseley
Abi Carter
Kaibrienne "KB" Richins
Emmy Russell
Julia Gagnon
Triston Harper
Jayna Elise
Nya
Jordan Anthony
Roman Collins
More: Indio's Abi Carter was serenading the Palm Springs area long before 'American Idol' debut
Viewers can cast their votes at idolvote.abc.com or by downloading the "American Idol" app in the Apple app store or Google Play.
You can also text your favorite contestant's assigned number (1 through 14, based on the order of their performance) to 21523.
Votes will be counted through 9 a.m. ET Tuesday.
This article originally appeared on USA TODAY: 'American Idol' recap: Abi Carter of Indio advances to top 14