By
Alex Hopper
Updated: 
Nostalgia is a powerful feeling. It obliterates any negative feelings about a time or place and leaves only the warm, fuzzy feeling behind. Because of that, nostalgia can be a powerful tool for an artists. Find our picks for four of the best throwback albums, below. 
First up on our list of throwback albums, we have Sabrina Carpenter‘s Short n’ Sweet. Though this album is more vintage in aesthetic than sound, it still deserves a spot on this list. When thinking of artists that have curated stellar throwback creative directions in the last few years, one can’t help but recognize Carpenter’s genius. Her accompanying tour for this album speaks volumes about her commitment to a vintage feel–from her ’50s baby doll dresses to a retro tv show motif. 
Of course there is some of that aesthetic injected into her sound. Short n’ Sweet has several throwback tunes that feel less like pale imitations and instead innately Carpenter. Among our favorites from the record–that also take inspiration from decades gone by–are “Please Please Please” and “Good Graces.” While the former sees Carpenter adopt a mid-century sound, the latter sees her harken back to the golden days of ’00s pop. 
Top Songs: “Please Please Please” and “Good Graces”
[RELATED: Shania Twain Reacts to Sabrina Carpenter Covering Her Hit Song “That Don’t Impress Me Much”]
If anyone has set out with a goal to make an album that produces nostalgia for its listeners, it’s Dua Lipa. Her aptly named album, Future Nostalgia, sees her take ’80s pop as a jumping off point for her contemporary hits. Lipa has made a name on doing this. Most her biggest tracks feature a driving disco beat and/or an ’80s staccato melody. 
Though some may see this kind of songwriting as a cheap way to capitalize on people’s nostalgia, we feel Lipa more than expounded upon what others have started. This album is only half throwback, the rest is oh-so-Lipa. 
Top Songs: “Don’t Start Now” and “Physical”
Speaking of ’80s nostalgia fodder, next up on our list of throwback albums is The Weeknd’s Dawn FM. This R&B masterpiece is heavily steeped in that era’s calling cards: driving beats, insatiably catchy melodies, and dramatic lyric delivery. 
The Weeknd calls upon many icons of the era to deliver this powerful album. Michael Jackson, Talking Heads, and more. It’s a masterclass on taking your inspirations and making something new out of their influence. 
Top Songs: “Gasoline” and “Take My Breath”
Greg Chow/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand