Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Founded in 2016, Chimi has garnered a bit of a cool-kid following with Hailey Bieber, Billie Eilish, and Beyoncé all wearing the frames.
Senior Fashion Market Editor, Accessories

	Swedish eyewear brand Chimi is going global, opening its first store in New York City at 110 Grand Street.

	“Launching Chimi in America reflects not only our brand’s journey but also a larger cultural moment,” said cofounder Charlie Lindström. “At Chimi, we blend influences from across the design spectrum, our frames challenge convention; they’re bold, colorful, and unapologetically playful, much like the postmodern architectural icons that dared to reshape skylines and perspectives alike.”

	Founded in 2016 by Lindström and his childhood friend Daniel Djurdjevicin in Stockholm, Chimi has garnered a bit of a cool-kid following with Hailey Bieber, Abel “The Weeknd” Tesfaye, Kendall Jenner, Billie Eilish and Beyoncé all wearing the frames. According to the brand, its philosophy is one of “futuristic simplicity” with a vision to translate the pursuit of balance in products and experiences. Every product — primarily eyewear, but also furniture and a small edit of ready-to-wear — is developed in Stockholm.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Jury Selection to Start on Monday for Sean Combs' Sex Trafficking Trial	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Equinox Unveils 'Tomb Raider'-inspired Vest to Maximize Walking Workouts	
			








	“Today, eyewear isn’t just a functional accessory — it’s an architectural piece for the face, a statement of individual style. We took cues from deconstructivist ideals, breaking down traditional shapes and creating frames that are structurally compelling yet wearable,”Lindström said. “There’s also a rawness in our design that’s aligned with Brutalism: a love for honesty in materials, like acetate in its purest, most expressive form, whether in translucent tints or deep matte.”




			You May Also Like		






	The new SoHo store puts them on a global stage with their take on Scandinavian design, featuring parabolic shapes prominently throughout, with curved walls creating a prism-like effect to enhance the experience at key points within the space. Using flowing yet distorted elements — from the walls to the furniture and even the oversized circular light fixture — the store is meant to mirror the signature curves of the brand’s eyewear.

	“When I first visited New York in 2012 with my mom, we wandered through every street in SoHo, absorbing the neighborhood’s creative energy. I became obsessed with this energy and wanted to be a part of it, to contribute to it. That’s why it’s been so important to me that this retail experience is something beyond the ordinary. I want people to walk past or into our store and feel as inspired as I did back then,” Lindström said.

	Eyewear ranges from $165 to $260 and Lindström’s brand has partnered with H&M, Ameila Gray and composer Jacob Mühlrad on a mix of projects, expanding beyond eyewear.

	“This new flagship store is not just a retail space for me — it’s an extension of Chimi’s design philosophy. This interplay of form, shadow, and light goes hand in hand with the brand ethos — where innovative design meets timeless appeal,” Lindström said.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.