A plane crash and getting jumped clearly won't stop Rozay. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Life for Drake isn’t exactly a parade right now, given the recent flooding in his Toronto home, and Rick Ross decided to add his precipitation to the situation. The 48-year-old rapper sent another diss his former collaborator’s way upon seeing the excess water in his residence. 

	Several Instagram accounts reshared the 6 God’s footage of the flooding and Rozay had a blast getting off multiple jokes in the comments. Under one post, he wrote, “Auction it, possibly get 2 M’s,” insinuating that Drizzy’s home had lost value. Under another, he wrote, “Now we both on the water,” referring to his residence on Florida’s Star Island.

	










	His final comment may have been the most scathing. “Minor issues,” Ross wrote with a smirking emoji. This was an allusion to Kendrick Lamar calling Drake a pedophile on “Not Like Us” and the incessant jokes from fans that followed. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Rick Ross reacts to Drake's house flooding‼️“Auction it, possibly get 2 M's ?” pic.twitter.com/0tS2RXAoGU

	Toronto suffered from record-breaking rainfall on Tuesday (July 16) after storms hit the Canadian city. Residents lost power in their homes and dealt with flooding much like Drake. He posted a video showing the pools of water in his house with the caption: “This better be Espresso Martini.” 

	Rick Ross’ insistence on maintaining the beef despite this unfortunate happening should not be a shock. Ross made his feelings for Drizzy clear back in March when Kendrick Lamar dissed the For All The Dogs rapper on Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That.” Ross shared a video of himself driving around listening to the verse. A few weeks later, Drake fired back with “Push Ups” targeted at K. Dot, Ross, The Weeknd, Metro, and more. The Miami rapper countered him hours later with “Champagne Moments.”

	Most recently, the Richer Than I Ever Been rapper got jumped in Vancouver after playing Lamar’s “Not Like Us” at a show. Though his aggressors were not directly connected to Drake, their allegiance to their fellow countrymen was not a shock. 
Rick Ross gettin jumped by white boys in Vancouver on Canada Day ?? after calling Drake a “white boy” is nasty work! ?????You should have called for that back up, Officer Ricky! ??‍♂️?_pic.twitter.com/wdeoeimKST
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.