ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - MARCH 14: BLACKPINK Jennie attends the photocall for HERA at SJ Kunsthalle on ... More March 14, 2019 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by JTBC PLUS/Imazins via Getty Images)
The members of the South Korean girl group Blackpink have accomplished incredible things together. In the past few years, the individual singers have also managed to make a name for themselves outside of the band’s activities, earning their own places on the Billboard charts. This week, one of the four women who make up the biggest girl group in the world ties with her bandmate as her recent solo hit keeps going.
On this week’s edition of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, Billboard’s ranking of the most-consumed tracks in the U.S. that are either hip-hop, R&B, or rap in genre, Jennie’s solo single “One of the Girls” rises again. This frame, the tune, which is led by The Weeknd and which also credits Lily Rose Depp as another featured act, lifts to No. 20—a new high point. That’s certainly impressive, but it’s the length of time the cut has been holding on that helps Jennie make history.
As of this frame, “One of the Girls” has now lived on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for six weeks. That might not seem like a very long time, but when looking only at tunes by or featuring South Korean musicians, it’s actually one of the longest stays ever.
“One of the Girls” is now tied for the second-longest run ever on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart among tracks by South Korean artists. At present, Jennie is matched with her Blackpink bandmate Lisa, whose solo single “Money” also lived on the tally for half a dozen frames.
While they may now have spent the same amount of time on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, the successes of “Money” and “One of the Girls” are actually quite different. Lisa’s “Money” hit the ranking in 2021, which were very early days for this kind of win among South Korean stars. As that smash arrived, she became the first female from the Asian nation to hit the tally.
To Jennie’s credit, it looks like her single may become one of the most successful releases by a South Korean musician in the history of the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart. Since it’s still rising week after week, it will be only a matter of days before “One of the Girls” becomes the longest-running hit by a female South Korean artist ever on the list. It also ranks as the highest-rising among women from the Asian country, as Jennie’s single peaking at No. 20 easily outpaces the No. 36 high point “Money” enjoyed.
At present, the longest-running hit single on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart among releases by South Koreans belongs to an artist named Skull. He scored a historic win back in 2007 with his track "Boom Di Boom Di." That song held on for 10 weeks, but it must be noted that at the time, the ranking included 100 spots. "Boom Di Boom Di" never rose above No. 80, which means that these days, it wouldn’t chart at all.