Chloe Bailey and Burna Boy fueled dating rumors as they exited a nightclub in Nigeria holding hands.
Does Chloe Bailey have a new romance on her hands?
The “Treat Me” singer recently stepped out with Burna Boy, fueling dating rumors by holding hands as they exited a nightclub together his native Nigeria.
The 26-year-old wore an orange and black long-sleeve minidress as well as chunky heels and dark sunglasses as she left the venue hand-in-hand with the rapper, 33, who paired a Union Jack sweater and blue jeans with a matching denim cowboy hat and a diamond-encrusted “ODG” chain.
Burna Boy previously dated U.K. MC Steflon Don, while Chloe has been linked to rapper Quavo, with whom she costarred in the 2023 musical comedy Praise This. However, she was quick to shut down rumors that she and the Migos member were more than just colleagues.
“I don’t know where that came from,” she said in a March 2023 interview on Latto’s 777 Radio, but added, “He’s a really nice guy.”
A short while later, Chloe explained that she was trying to make the most of her single status.
“Your girl has just been working on herself, and I wish I was lying,” she explained to Cosmopolitan that April. “I tell myself, ‘God, I know what you’re doing. You’re sifting out the BS, so I can find good lovin’.’”
The “Have Mercy” singer elaborated on her self-love journey, noting that she wanted to better herself before looking for love from someone else.
“When you don’t know your worth and when you haven’t mastered the art of loving yourself, you question why others would love you,” she went on. “I think that’s why I’m single right now, so I can grasp that concept a little more, because I can’t expect someone to love me wholeheartedly when I’m not there yet within myself.”
Keep reading for updates on more of your favorite singers’ love lives.
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco
The "Lose You to Love Me" singer debuted her romance with the music producer in December 2023, writing in an Instagram comment, "He is my absolute everything in my heart."
Selena—who previously dated Justin Bieber and The Weeknd—has known Benny for at least eight years, as they worked together on her 2015 Revival tracks "Same Old Love" and "Kill Em With Kindness."
They got engaged in December 2024.
Ashanti and Nelly
The "Body on Me" collaborators dated on and off between 2003 and 2013, then rekindled their romance in 2023. They announced their engagement in April 2024, with Ashanti giving birth to the couple's first baby in July 2024.
Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra
The pair tied the knot in December 2018 and later welcomed daughter Malti Marie in January 2022.
"Family is a big part of my life. It's always been a part of my dreams," Priyanka told E! News' Daily Pop in January 2021, with Nick adding the next month, "We're blessed to have each other and have a full heart for the future."
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce
The Grammy winner saw sparks fly with the Kansas City Chiefs football player during the cruel summer of 2023.
“This all started when Travis very adorably put me on blast on his podcast, which I thought was metal as hell,” she told TIME in December 2023. “We started hanging out right after that. So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other. By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.”
Miley Cyrus and Maxx Morando
The Hannah Montana alum has been getting flowers from the Liily drummer since 2021.
"It's official between them," a source told E! News in January 2022, with a second insider adding, "They are both artistic and creative, so they bond over being musicians."
Harry Styles and Taylor Russell
The One Direction alum seemingly kicked off his golden romance with the Bones and All actress in 2023 following his split from Olivia Wilde. Harry and Taylor were spotted holding hands in London in September 2023, and he attended her final West End performance in The Effect the following month.
The pair reportedly called it quits in May after less than a year of dating.
Beyoncé and Jay-Z
The music legends tied the knot on April 4, 2008 and went on to welcome daughter Blue Ivy on January 7, 2012 and twins Rumi and Sir on June 13, 2017.
"I was 20 years old when we first started dating," Bey told Jay-Z on his birthday in 2006. "You taught me how to be a woman. You taught me how to live. You taught me how to be a friend. You've given me so much in life."
Adele and Rich Paul
The singer said hello to a new romance when she reconnected with the sports agent in 2021. Later that year, she praised him as "hilarious" and "very smart" during her CBS special, noting, "It's quite incredible watching him do what he does and just the easiness of it and very smooth."
As Adele told The Hollywood Reporter in December 2023, "Rich and I have always known everything about each other since the day we got together." 
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater
After news broke of Ariana's split with husband Dalton Gomez in July 2023, she said "thank u, next" and started a relationship with her Wicked costar, who officially filed for divorce from his wife Lilly Jay in September 2023.
Demi Lovato and Jutes
The couple met while working on her 2022 single "Substance" and she debuted her romance with the "Too Easy" artist in August 2022.
They got engaged in December 2023.
"We worked really well together and we're also just super in love," the Disney alum said on The Jennifer Hudson Show at the time. "It's amazing to find someone that you just laugh with and that you get to make music with."
A$AP Rocky and Rihanna
They found love after first meeting over a decade ago. The singers performe d"Cockiness" at the MTV Video Music Awards and grew closer over the years. Things seemed to turn romantic by 2018, when they cozied up at a Louis Vuitton fashion show. 
The couple welcomed son RZA in May 2022 and baby boy Riot Rose in August 2023.
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck
Her love didn't cost a thing—except 20 years' wait. Though they originally got engaged in November 2002, Ben and J.Lo ultimately broke up and spent years apart. Their rekindled romance took off, with a second engagement in April 2022 and tied the knot just three months later.
However, the greatest love story never told ended in August 2024, when Jennifer filed for divorce. Their divorce was settled in January 2025.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.