By CHARLOTTE DEAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:58, 27 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:46, 29 September 2024   
 7
View  comments
Jeff Goldblum and his glamorous wife Emilie Livingston were among the A-list attendees at the Loewe Paris show during Paris Fashion Week on Friday.
The actor, 71, looked typically dapper in a stylish leather jacket and cream chinos, which he teamed with a pair of black leather shoes and shades.
Meanwhile, Emilie, 41, cut a chic figure in a form-fitting midi dress, which she wore with a pair of white court shoes and a tan bag.
The Canadian dancer wore her brunette locks in loose waves and opted for soft subtle make-up, accessorising with a pair of stylish shades.
The couple looked effortlessly stylish as they posed together for photos outside the event, which presented the Spring/Summer 2025 collection. 
Jeff Goldblum and his glamorous wife Emilie Livingston were among the A-list attendees at the Loewe Paris show during Paris Fashion Week on Friday
The actor, 71, looked typically dapper in a stylish leather jacket and cream chinos, which he teamed with a pair of black leather shoes and shades
Jeff and Emilie share two children: sons Charlie, seven, and River, five.
The couple met in 2011 at Equinox gym in Hollywood on Sunset Blvd; he has previously revealed he saw her there and walked up to her and struck up a conversation.
'We were at Equinox on Sunset Blvd., the gym. I saw her from across a crowded room, and I marched up to her, entranced, and began some kind of conversation,' he told Wired magazine.
Emilie competed at the Olympic Games in 2000 as a rhythmic gymnast on Team Canada.
She was the body double for Emma Stone in La La Land, and Rihanna for Valerian and the City of a Thousand Planets.
Emilie has also performed as a solo aerialist at the 88th Annual Academy Awards for The Weeknd.
Jeff and Emilie got engaged July 8, 2014 and tied the knot November 8, 2014 at Chateau Marmont in Los Angeles.
He was previously married to Patricia Gould for six years until 1986 and Geena Davis from 1987 until 1990.
Meanwhile, Emilie, 41, cut a chic figure in a form-fitting midi dress, which she wore with a pair of white court shoes and a tan bag
The Canadian dancer wore her brunette locks in loose waves and opted for soft subtle make-up, accessorising with a pair of stylish shades
The couple looked effortlessly stylish as they posed together for photos outside the event, which presented the Spring/Summer 2025 collection
Loewe's latest VIP-filled collection dazzled at the Paris Fashion Week, presenting an explosion of flowers and form that captured designer Jonathan Anderson's innovative spirit
The Northern Irish designer again showed his talent for infusing theatricality into his designs, showcasing whimsical creations like a surreal giant hoop skirt that lent the display an eccentric, circus-like feel
Loewe's latest VIP-filled collection dazzled at the Paris Fashion Week, presenting an explosion of flowers and form that captured designer Jonathan Anderson's innovative spirit.
The Northern Irish designer again showed his talent for infusing theatricality into his designs, showcasing whimsical creations like a surreal giant hoop skirt that lent the display an eccentric, circus-like feel. A stunning white gown adorned with vibrant floral prints radiated energy.
Unexpected lines and twists on classic silhouettes dominated the runway, with the giant hoop transforming floral patterns into eccentric spectacles. 
Anderson expertly wove together historical inspirations from the Renaissance with the carefree looseness of the 1920s, mixed with surreal structured skirts and peplums that evoked a rich sense of heritage. All designs had something off-kilter about them.
A standout piece, a beautiful feathered poncho featuring a Van Gogh print, dazzled with its artistic flair. 
It illustrated Anderson's ability to transform art into fashion and resonated deeply with camera-ready audiences. Each piece seemed to challenge the viewer's expectations, daring them to reconsider the boundaries of traditional fashion.
In its exploration of bold concepts and mind-bending forms, the display occasionally veered into the overly conceptual. 
But Anderson still delivered a wealth of wearable pieces. The collection included striking items like a black trench coat with a fashion-forward midriff cut-out, which exuded rock-star magnetism and exemplified the brand's leather heritage.
The piece, along with others, showcased Anderson's mastery in balancing creativity with practicality.
Jeff and Emilie share two children: sons Charlie, seven, and River, five
The couple met in 2011 at Equinox gym in Hollywood on Sunset Blvd; he has previously revealed he saw her there and walked up to her and struck up a conversation

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group