Some of the extra content coming sounds incredible

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Apple has revealed a range of new content that will debut on Vision Pro before the end of the year. 
The content is being delivered in the Apple Immersive Video format, which based on our experience is very impressive. 
Apple's Vision Pro launched in the UK on 12 July, but while the technology is superb in what it offers, it is probably difficult to justify the amount it costs for many.
However, that looks like it could gradually change, with Apple having already announced new content that will grace the 23 million pixel 3D display system before the end of the year. 
The company has announced a range of new series and films captured in Apple's Immersive Video format that will debut exclusively on the £3,499 mixed reality headset. The format leverages 3D video recorded in 8K with a 180-degree field of view and it is breathtaking to watch. Genuinely, I gasp every time I watch an episode of Wild Life or Adventure, both of which were available at launch. 
The first of the new content is a series called Boundless that allows you to experience once-in-a-lifetime trips from the comfort of your sofa, train, plane or wherever else you might have Apple's headset strapped to your head.
The series starts with Hot Air Balloons in Cappadocia, Turkey which debuted yesteday, 18 July at 6pm PT time, though I don't have it on my Vision Pro review unit as yet. 
In August, there will be another instalment of the nature documentary Wild Life, that will bring Vision Pro users to Kenya's Sheldrick Wildlife Trust and up close to orphaned elephants and their keepers.
Meanwhile in September, an ariel travel series called Elevated will debut, whisking you to iconic vistas from heights that will turn your legs to jelly, with the first being Hawaii. There's already an Adventure series within the Apple Immersive Video content section on Vision Pro that puts you thousands of feet in the air between two cliffs in Norway on a tightrope and it is petrifying.
Get all the latest news, reviews, deals and buying guides on gorgeous tech, home and active products from the T3 experts
In the fall, a film capturing the 2024 NBA All-Star Weekend will arrive, alongside a short film called Submerged that is set in World War II and brings you onto a submarine that has been torpedoed.
There will also be an immersive experience from The Weeknd, and Red Bull: Big-Wave Surfing, the latter of which I personally am very excited about. The Red Bull offering is being filmed this summer and it will show "elite surfers attempt to ride the barrel of the heaviest wave in the world off the remote coast of Teahupo’o, Tahiti", according to Apple. 
Apple Vision Pro is currently available in Australia, Canada, China mainland, Hong Kong, France, Germany, Japan, Singapore, the UK, and the US. It starts at £3,499 in the UK ($3,499 / A$5,999), with optional accessories costing extra.
Britta is a freelance technology journalist who has been writing about tech for over a decade. She's covered all consumer tech from phones, tablets and wearables to smart home and beauty tech, with everything in between. She has a fashion journalism degree from London College of Fashion and previously did a long stint as deputy editor of Pocket-lint, but you’ll now find her byline on several titles including GQ, the Express, the Mirror, TechRadar, Stuff and iMore. You'll never find her without her Apple Watch on, aiming to complete her rings so she can justify the extra bar of chocolate and she loves a good iPhone trick.

Merrell’s Moab Speed 2 are supportive, incredibly lightweight and look great too


Typhur’s meat thermometer is a must for this year’s BBQ season


Newly leaked images show an iPhone that's so slim I'd be concerned about breaking it


The new Snapshot section is very pretty, but it's also missing something pretty important


Apple is said to be struggling to match Samsung in a specific tech area


The second generation Vision Pro may not be the game-changing model you're hoping for


Apple needs to make a big swing


Apple's stunning displays just got bettered by two companies you've probably never heard of


Tell us where we can sign up!


Bring on watchOS 12


T3 is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.