By 

	Daniel Kreps


Kendrick Lamar and Drake traded diss tracks Friday night in the latest salvos in the rapper’s weeks-long lyrical feud.

	Following a week that saw Lamar drop both the scathing “Euphoria” and “6:16 in LA,” Drake finally responded Friday with “Family Matters,” which alleges infidelity in Lamar’s relationship. On the seven-minute track, Drake also hits back at some of the other rappers — Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, Future, A$AP Rocky, the Weeknd and more — that have provoked him lately:

	“We could’ve left the kids out of this, don’t blame me,” Drake tells Lamar on the track. “You a dog and you know it, you just play sweet / Your baby mama captions always screamin’ ‘Save me’/ You did her dirty all her life, you tryna make peace.”

	Drake later takes aim at Rick Ross, who entered the fray with his Drake-dissing “Champagne Moments,” by mocking that rapper’s correctional officer past, “Body after fuckin’ body and you know Rick reading my Miranda rights.”

	










	As if lying in wait, Lamar quickly emerged with yet another diss track, “Meet the Grahams,” which — written as a letter to Drake’s son Adonis — focuses on Drake’s family life and alleges that the rapper also has a secret daughter no one knows about.

	“Dear Adonis, I’m sorry that that man is your father, let me be honest / It takes a man to be a man, your dad is not responsive,” Lamar says at the opening. “I look at him and wish your grandpa woulda wore a condom / I’m sorry that you gotta grow up and then stand behind him.”

	Lamar then says Drake is on Ozempic and tells Adonis to “never let a man piss on your leg, son / Either you die right there or pop that man in the head, son” (calling back to a rumor that surfaced  back when Meek Mill and Drake were beefing nearly a decade ago) before addressing Drake’s mother Sandra and father Dennis in the second verse.





	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	“Dear Dennis, you gave birth to a master manipulator,” Lamar tells Drake’s dad. “I’m blaming you for all his gambling addictions / Psychopath intuition, the man that like to play victim / You raised a horrible fucking person, the nerve of you, Dennis.”

	The third verse is written to Drake’s alleged secret daughter: “Dear babygirl I’m sorry that your father not active inside your world / He don’t commit to much but his music, that’s for sure / He a narcissist, misogynist, living inside his songs / Try destroy families rather than taking care of his own / Should be teaching you time tables or watching Frozen with you.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	While Friday night’s battle ended after two rounds, Drake did pop onto social media to sorta-respond to Lamar’s “hidden” daughter claim:

	The beef between Lamar and Drake — and Drake versus everyone — was sparked weeks ago by Lamar’s Drake and J. Cole-dragging verse in Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That.” J. Cole initially responded with his own “7 Minute Drill,” a track he later said he regretted during a speech from the stage at his Dreamville festival. Drake then responded with “Push Ups (Drop and Give Me 50)” and then “Taylor Made Freestyle,” which was ultimately removed following its controversial (and potentially suable) use of AI Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.