Over the last 2 years El Paso has seen TWO big acts in the world of rock & metal play here; Foo Fighters in October of 2023, Mastodon in August of 2024 & later this year we're expecting to see the huge superstar Jelly Roll play El Paso for the first time in September too.
But there are still several artists that we've been waiting patiently to perform here...and we're still waiting. Let's start with big hitters...
Red Hot Chili Peppers. 40 years and they still haven't been to this part of Texas. Not even Las Cruces has seen the Peppers live in history.
Pearl Jam is also a big one too; Eddie Vedder HAS played here as part of a solo tour. But nope...not with the whole band.
My Chemical Romance is another one. Although Gerard Way recorded at Sonic Ranch, we're still waiting to sing Welcome to the Black Parade with the band. Until then, I guess we'll sing at emo night...
Paul McCartney. The legendary Beatle has been NEAR El Paso; he played Las Cruces before but he has never played here. So far the only Beatle who HAS played El Paso is Ringo...
Bruce Springsteen. Still waiting for The Boss to bring his incredible show to El Paso. Some other notable names include: Primus, Rammstein, Faith No More & The Black Keys
Yes we've seen huge names like Pitbull & One Direction stop in the 915 but not THESE superstars:
Maroon 5. Despite being one of the biggest names in pop, Maroon 5 has never stopped here in El Paso. You'll have to go on a road trip to see them.
Beyoncé. While Queen Bee HAS visited White Sands National Park, she hasn't performed for her fans in El Paso.
Kelly Clarkson. Another Texas pop star who hasn't played THIS part of Texas is Kelly Clarkson. Although she actually once interviewed a local artist at Uvalde so that's pretty cool.
The Weeknd. He was rumored to play in El Paso a few years ago, but that's all they were: rumors.
Taylor Swift. Look I'm just saying...if she wanted to perform at the Sun Bowl Stadium, you might just see an even bigger show than what the Sun Bowl has seen in the past...
I KNOW there are several more that we haven't mentioned that we could add to the list. Hopefully, we can remove some of these in the near future.
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus
Gallery Credit: Daniel Paulus