ByDr. Brittany Chambers
ByDr. Brittany Chambers,
 Contributor. 
Lisa Sainvil, artist, writer, dancer and creative director. [Hair/makeup: Rolanda Catapano; Movement ... More direction: Aahkilah Cornelius]
After a six-month tour and movie, Beyoncé’s Renaissance movement artist Lisa Sainvil looks back and is moved by the experience. However, Sainvil is far from a newcomer to the industry, having worked with the likes of Usher, The Weeknd, Kelly Rowland, Chris Brown, IZA, Maluma, and more on some of the most renowned stages at the Oscars, Grammys, VMA’s, Emmys, and BET Awards. With each experience, Sainvil has endeavored to look at her journey as an inner one, affording her new opportunities of self-discovery, to offer something different to the industry. It is the magic she believes has enabled her to thrive and is how she is inspiring the next generation of artists.
“There was a point in my life where something clicked… that I have a purpose in this world and this life, with the time that I have here,” says Sainvil who has found her journey has been anything but linear. As an artist, she has witnessed the complexities of life present a richness that is constantly shifting and transforming. This richness is one she’s desired to tap into from her early days. Following her school years, Sainvil realized the call to become an artist was an inner one: “I felt there's something more to this life that I must access. And I knew that it was not an outer body quest it was an inner one. A lot of the time we say ‘Go find your purpose.’ And that never really made sense to me.” When Sainvil traveled inward, she found art–dance.
Sainvil believes that there is magic inside all of us. That’s why she has coined the term “Show me your superpower,” which highlights the possibility that our passions emerge while we journey through life. And as we journey on fully as ourselves to discover those passions, Sainvil has found it’s possible to as best we can live day-by-day where the richness of those superpower(s) flourish. Sainvil has endeavored to live there as it has created space for her art to flourish. In addition, harnessing confidence and conviction alongside the support of a wholesome village has enabled her to do the inner work required even when the going gets rough. This has been her north star.
“It has always been a goal of mine to tour. I always knew I wanted to dance and be on stages and tour and see the world,” says Sainvil who has found that depending on where and how you grow up, it’s possible to not have an opportunity to dance and travel. Today, she’s grateful to create a space for others to enjoy her and her colleagues’ art while seeing the world, two things she loves: “Dancing, performing, touring, and seeing the world has been a huge goal because I knew seeing the world would give me knowledge and experiences that would allow me to engage the world from unique lenses vibrantly.” Sainvil’s goals have allowed her to view reflections of different aspects of herself through a variety of experiences.
Sainvil on the Renaissance World Tour stage in East Rutherford, NJ, captured during both her and ... More Beyoncé performance of the song "Energy." [Styled by: Shiona Turini]
However, Sainvil acknowledges that dance and touring has taken much dedication. “It's not an easy journey. You have to work your butt off. But I do know, and what I found very, very important is to as people say ‘be yourself,’ stay true to who you are/ who you are transforming into, know what your core values are, what you’re fostering and abide by them, don’t budge even if it looks ‘sweet’ from afar,” says Sainvil. This has enabled her to remain steadfast during periods where she wasn't working or booking as much as her peers: “I got a lot of no’s but I never compared myself to my peers' careers. I applauded them. I just tried to stay focused, continued to work on myself and give gratitude as much as possible. I always believed that coming into an industry like this, if I knew truly who I was, I could blossom into a beautiful version of myself again and again.”
Sainvil has been inspired to prepare to resiliently handle more mentally, emotionally, and physically, even when nothing was in front of her: “I tell people all the time, it's not about when you're on the job, it's when you're not working. What are you doing to prepare and what are you preparing for?” Then when the opportunity emerged to tour with Beyoncé, she leaned on the notion that she’s been preparing all her life for opportunities like this yet she’s also realized: “No one's perfect. There is nobody else like me. I have a purpose in whatever space I'm in. I'm supposed to be here,” which sharpened Sainvil to realize as a student of life the duality of sustaining a great opportunity while realizing the continuous opportunity to grow stronger.
“You have to be present and ready to go,” says Sainvil who found adaptability to be key during each week on tour. Leading up to the show required long hours of rehearsals, running through the show and making sure the light, sound, costumes, choreography, and show narrative were smooth. Then each show week, Sainvil and her colleagues endeavored to give each performance everything they had to reach audiences ranging from 38,000 to 156,300 or more people nightly, from the front row to the back of each stadium.
To prepare for each show of the six-month and 56-city concert tour that encompassed 3-hours of nonstop entertainment, Sainvil was inspired to take care of her body on and off stage. “I know we've heard here and there that dancers are athletes. I know people say it loosely. There are people, however, that don't say it as loosely like myself. Dancers are athletes. We are movement athletes and should always be revered as such. It looks great as a viewer, but never forget—this is a physical sport! ,” says Sainvil. As an athlete, she recalls witnessing herself transform physically, mentally, and emotionally by embracing the unique beauty that each show afforded, performing choreography yet cultivating open-ended magic that met the energy of each audience.
Before the start of the Renaissance World Tour show in Miami, Lisa Sainvil, adorned in costume, ... More proudly holds a flag symbolizing her family's heritage.
For Sainvil who saw herself transform from May to October, two of her biggest weeks on tour were when she was able to perform in her hometown, Miami, Florida, for family, and Houston for her friends/tribe. “I think I broke my soul that night in such a beautiful way,” says Sainvil. “I moved from home to go try life. In Haitian Creole, we say “Chèche lavi,” which means “looking for life.” And they hear about these things I'm doing and you see them online, like YouTube, they can stream if they want. They're seeing photos, they're showing all their friends, but they don’t get to connect,” she continues. However, when this particular show night arrived it was as if her inner child received a chance to dance with her family. This moment for Sainvil stared away any thoughts or trepidation from onlookers that in a Caribbean household, it was too taboo to become a dancer or that the journey would be riddled only with difficulty. Like any journey, the journey has shared some low moments, but more simple joys.
“I have my in-ears in, cranked up to hear the music. But something happened. My niece was close enough to the stage where I heard her go ‘Auntie Lisa’ through my in-ears out of thousands of people. It was moving,” says Sainvil.
Sainvil recalls the early guilt she felt as an artist leaving her family to pursue her dreams. Missing significant moments such as birthdays and other celebrations while convincing her family about her unconventional path early on created a unique set of challenges that any artist may encounter. However, Sainvil has leaned into the realization that as she says “I am right where I need to be,” which has enabled her to work through the guilt and focus on the value of the memories and experiences she is creating.
Meanwhile, Sainvil has been excited that her experience has enabled her to lean into creating community with her colleagues, offstage but also particularly on stage. For example: “If I'm on stage and somebody's mic pack is falling or something happened with someone’s wardrobe, it can become a hazard. How am I picking it up while making an artistic choice to add to the show.” She expands expressing that “if you look at the glass half full, you're going to be like, ‘let me see how I'm going to do that.’ You’re moving with the rhythm and clearing out space, making sure that everyone's safe. We were constantly looking out for each other. Pulling each other up”.
This sense of building community in whatever you’re doing has carried Sainvil far. In addition, lifting as she has risen has been a part of artistry she’s been most moved by and when asked about the wisdom she’d share with the next generation of artists, she expresses: “I can say the logistic thing, the cliché thing. However, those things have been said. But I want to challenge the next generation of artists by asking ‘How are you nourishing the artistic ecosystem? Are you operating as yourself or how others think you should operate?’ Artists have a responsibility to push the envelope.”
Sainvil has found that digesting information and processing it to make it your own enables artists to nourish the ecosystem, because it allows the information to infiltrate their art: “Art is life. Art is just everyday life. I was having a conversation with a friend and we were questioning ‘When does dance start?’ If we're talking in a conversation at the coffee shop and we're moving our hands as body language that is dance. Art begins and ends with you.”
As an artist at the core, she’s found that to contribute instrumentally to the field “you have to know who you are” and be in constant pursuit of identifying yourself as you evolve.
Sainvil posing in pink durag with white top and jeans in Los Angeles, California.
When asked what’s on the horizon, Sainvil says: “digesting, downloading, being present, and reflecting on experience takeaways so far. But next, I aim to move the world with my vocabulary physically and verbally.” As a creative artist, Sainvil aspires to one day turn her written reflections into a book: “I'm a movement athlete, but I love words. And I've been able to create this beautiful archive of words with things I’ve learned through my experiences. I know with my words, I am moving my community. I am moving the world.” She’s shared much of her work to date with her global online community with whom she’s found her work has resonated due to her witness of the transformative power words play when tapping into everyday globally shared experiences.
“In addition to this, I plan on continuing to showcase my movement in more spaces and continue to work on my passion projects as well. Your mind is where gold is created and untouched. I truly believe whatever idea is playing on a loop and burning up inside of your mind creatively… needs a home.”
As she journeys toward these goals, question she’s often asked herself is: “If I know that I'm going to be reaching certain levels, breaking generational curses and breaking barriers, how can I continue to nourish people with this visibility through my own experiences?” With excitement and gratitude, Sainvil aims to continue journeying on to identify opportunities to allow her life to nourish others.