By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

BMG has announced the appointment of Celine Joshua to the role of executive vice president of global marketing, the company announced Monday (Aug. 26). 

	Based in Los Angeles and reporting to BMG CEO Thomas Coesfeld, Joshua will oversee the company’s marketing strategy and operations across its 20 offices worldwide, with divisional responsibility for the digital marketing, content, consumer insights & analytics, and marketing operations teams, according to the announcement. The move complements BMG’s company’s recent organizational restructurings of the U.S. frontline recorded music and global catalog businesses. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					CBS Delays Matthew Gray Gubler Drama 'Einstein' Until 2026-2027 TV Season		
			








	Joshua joins BMG from Universal Music Group, where she had served as EVP of commercial innovation & artist strategy, working with such artists as Taylor Swift, Queen, Sam Smith, Elton John, Snoop Dog, the Weeknd, Shawn Mendes, among many others.




			Popular on Variety		






	Coesfeld said, “These recent changes further enhance our ability to deliver top-tier service to our artists and songwriters on a global scale, and we’re excited to have Celine at the helm of our marketing team. Her sharp digital acumen and artistic instincts will be invaluable in identifying innovative commercial opportunities for our artists, songwriters and music catalog.”

	Joshua began her career in the music industry at Warner Music Group in the IT department before transitioning to a global e-commerce position at the company’s catalog division, Rhino Entertainment. She then joined Disney Music as head of digital before moving on to Sony Music Entertainment as senior VP, managing digital sales across the company’s labels. She later transitioned to Epic Records, where she oversaw all facets of commerce and strategy for artists including 21 Savage, Future, Travis Scott, DJ Khaled, Fifth Harmony, Yo Gotti, and Camila Cabello.
The Business of Entertainment