By 

	Marc Malkin

Senior Editor, Culture and Events

	The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) announced Tuesday that “Queer Eye” star Antoni Porowski has been named as its newest Goodwill Ambassador.

	“Experiencing different cultures has always been a deep passion of mine – both as a source of inspiration, and a vital part of my work. The more places I have had the privilege to visit, the more I have witnessed firsthand the devastating effects malnutrition and food insecurity have on vulnerable communities,” Porowski said in a statement. “Every person deserves access to basic nutrition, but when countries are unable or unwilling to provide for this fundamental need, WFP steps in. I’m grateful to join a global organization whose mission is not only to save lives, but to improve the overall quality of life for so many. I hope this partnership allows me to be of service to communities in dire need, while driving awareness and action toward ending the suffering caused by food insecurity.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Bill Belichick Says CBS Interview Presented 'False Narrative' That His Girlfriend Jordon Hudson 'Was Attempting to Control the Conversation'		
			








	Porowski, a best-selling author known as the culinary expert from the Emmy-winning Netflix series “Queer Eye,” was inspired to work with WFP after a trip to Senegal with Issa Rae to film an episode of his upcoming National Geographic docuseries, “No Taste Like Home.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Porowski recently made a fundraising appeal at Global Citizen Festival 2024 to combat hunger crises. He also produced a series of videos highlighting WFP’s specialized nutrition and school feeding programs in Senegal, speaking with staff and recipients about its impact.

	“We are thrilled to welcome Antoni to the WFP family and thank him for standing by us,” said World Food Program USA president and CEO Barron Segar. “We are humbled by his passion and dedication for hunger-relief and are excited to work together to bring much-needed visibility and support to the world’s hungriest families who are coping with the impacts of conflict, climate change and desperate poverty.”

	WFP’s roster of ambassadors includes Kate Hudson, Michael Kors, Abel “The Weeknd” Tesfaye, Ons Jabeur, Son Heung-Min and Andrew Zimmern.

	Prowski will be joining his “Queer Eye” co-stars for “Fab Five Live!,” a new stage show kicking off in New York City on Dec. 11 followed by stops in Los Angeles, Chicago, Washington DC and Philadelphia.
The Business of Entertainment