https://columbusfreepress.com/article/does-sinkane-still-belong-columbus...
Sinkane’s new album is called We Belong, released by City Slang records.
Where you’re from, and where you belong are fundamental ideas of existence. For a reader, so is deciding if Sinkane is in their realm of music. Where does Sinkane We Belong in music?
Sinkane previously released music from LCD Soundsystem’s James Murphy label DFA. Is Sinkane a dance hipster with alternative rock radio possibilities? Sinkane’s latest, We Belong falls under wherever his Okay Africa culture could take someone in  American music.
I’ve found amusement that North American College Community radio, or NACChart.com, considers Sinkane college R&B. Consider the Weeknd, Sinkane’s friend Solange, sister Beyonce and Erykah Badu’s influence on music over a mass of music over a sustained period.
College R&B is a genre with interesting possibilities. Kids starting bands in school, and then releasing underground DIY R&B records like punk bands until labels sign them?
Bilal is featured from We Belong’s second song “Another Day” trading verses with Stout and harmonizing with Sinkane about black peoples’ past 400 years.  
Bilal’s worked with Dr. Dre. Bilal was in the Soulquarians with D’Angelo, Questlove, Dilla, Badu, Roy Hargrove, James Poyser,  Common, Q-Tip, Talib Kweli, and Mos Def. Perhaps NACC’s College R&B is a product of the intent of 1996-2002’s the Soulquarians.
“Another Day” exemplifies the difference of We Belong from previous Sinkane efforts. Sinkane now exists as a R&B producer playing arrangements while singing with other vocalists. We Belong sounds like Sinkane is leading a contemporary Earth, Wind and Fire or some other 1970’s R&B group. Sinkane doesn’t sound retro.
I can play opening track “Come Together” between Weeknd’s “Starboy” and Egyptian Lover. Sinkane didn’t abandon DFA’s dance culture. “How Sweet is Your Love” is a Donna Summer version of a Yves Tumor song. Sinkane doesn’t lose his identity amongst his guests.
During “Everything is Everything” with Tru Osbourne Sinkane sings as a black man who watched George Floyd, and Ahmaud Aubrey’s murders.
Sinkane is black.
Sinkane is Muslim.
Sinkane is from Sudan.
I haven’t asked Sinkane ”Could this song apply toward BLM, Palestine and Sudan?”
Sinkane’s life is better than the residents of Palestine. Sinkane aka Ahmed Gallab lives in New York City and collaborated with Talking Heads David Byrne which included performing with Jazz Legend Pharaoh Sanders.  Democracy Now interviewed Sinkane in April 2018
https://columbusfreepress.com/article/does-sinkane-still-belong-columbus...
june 5, 2024 playlist
7 pm Wednesday
wesflexner@anonrockroll.com
www.anonrocknroll.com
Wings - Spirits of Agent Egypt
Egyptian Lover - Egypt, Egypt
Hany Shnoda Farkat Maser - Hazeny
Nagat -  Fakra
Shahara-Ja - I'm An Arabian Night
21 - Lavish
RJD2 w Jamie Lidell - Through It All
RJD2 - Catch The Exit Door
Sinkane - We Belong live From Stephen Colbert
Black Keys - Beautiful People
Dennis Edwards w  Siedah Garrett -  Don't Look Any Further
Fall Out Boy - We Didn't Start The Fire
Columbus community