A decade ago Canadian duo Chromeo had their biggest success with the single “Jealous (I Ain’t With It)” and its parent album, White Women. However, it didn’t presage a move into the mainstream.
For over 20 years, Chromeo’s wry-sexy, wordy electro-funk has been more hipster than populist. Their magnificent 2009 appearance, endorsing handwashing, on eye-boggling kids TV programme Yo Gabba Gabba sums up their playful ethos (check YouTube!). Then again, the same could said of their more recent COVID-era Quarantine Casanova EP. They were into all that Random Access Memories schtick before Daft Punk but have never quite made it pay at the same level.
Sixth album, Adult Contemporary, sees them, as ever, revelling in Hall & Oates sonics while offering a deadpan, post-modern comic element, accusing ex-partners of leaving behind their phone charger (“that’s not mine!”) to torment them (on “Personal Effects”). The tone is just this side of Flight of the Conchords but the music is slick, buffed to a gloss.
A weighting of synth-pop also melds with the default yacht-funk. “(I Don’t Need a) New Girl” comes on somewhere between The Weeknd and an Eighties Giorgio Moroder cut. It’s a musical highlight. “Lost and Found”, with its slap bass, is another, boasting prosaically amusing lyrics (“Remember Steve/He’s such a thief/He stole your heart and promised he would never leave”). Bonus points for using the word “frenemies”.
La Roux gives good La Roux on the squelchy, funked-up “Replacements”, yet another Adult Contemporary song about the longing aftermath of a love affair. The atmosphere is not exactly plaintive, though, more a passing disco flight of fancy, as is made clear when they bring on “Ballad of the Insomniacs”, with its ultra-Eighties sax solo. During it, they give up lying awake “tossing’n’turning” over an ex and, instead, go looking for a good time, asking, “If you’re an insomniac, where’s the party at tonight?”.
It’s lazy journalism to suggest music is business-as-usual for a band, but this really is. It has its moments, but never breaks a sweat, smooth, droll, the occasional catchy tune, smart lyrics, slight smirk visible.
Below: Watch the video for "I Don't Need a (New Girl)" by Chromeo
More information about text formats
We urgently need financing to survive. Our fundraising drive has thus far raised £33,000 but we need to reach £100,000 or we will be forced to close. Please contribute here: https://gofund.me/c3f6033d
And if you can forward this information to anyone who might assist, we’d be grateful.
Thank you for continuing to read our work on theartsdesk.com. For unlimited access to every article in its entirety, including our archive of more than 15,000 pieces, we're asking for £5 per month or £40 per year. We feel it's a very good deal, and hope you do too.
To take a subscription now simply click here.
And if you're looking for that extra gift for a friend or family member, why not treat them to a theartsdesk.com gift subscription?
Get a weekly digest of our critical highlights in your inbox each Thursday!
Simply enter your email address in the box below
View previous newsletters