Selena Gomez revealed she “can’t carry [her] own children” in a vulnerable new interview.
“I unfortunately … have a lot of medical issues that would put my life and the baby’s in jeopardy,” the actress, 32, explained to Vanity Fair in a cover story published Monday. “That was something I had to grieve for a while.”
Gomez, who was diagnosed with lupus in 2013 and got a kidney transplant in 2017, noted that she had not “ever said this” before publicly.
“It’s not necessarily the way I envisioned it,” she continued of becoming a mom one day. “I thought it would happen the way it happens for everyone.”
However, the “Only Murders in the Building” star clarified, “I’m in a much better place with that. I find it a blessing that there are wonderful people willing to do surrogacy or adoption, which are both huge possibilities for me.
“It made me really thankful for the other outlets for people who are dying to be moms. I’m one of those people. I’m excited for what that journey will look like, but it’ll look a little different.”
Gomez concluded, “At the end of the day, I don’t care. It’ll be mine. It’ll be my baby.”
The “Wizards of Waverly Place” alum has spoken about her family plans in the past, telling Time magazine in May that she had always planned to adopt by age 35 if she was still single.
Gomez has been dating Benny Blanco since July 2023 — and the record producer, 36, recently said on “The Howard Stern Show” that he wants to have kids with his partner.
“That’s my next goal, to check the box. … I love being around kids,” he said but played coy about possibly proposing.
The “Lose You to Love Me” singer laughed off Blanco’s admission in Monday’s Vanity Fair profile, recalling, “I was dying laughing. Like, ‘Anything else you wanted to put out there?'”
Gomez went on to gush about her romance with her beau, crediting him with being “a light in [her] life” and her “best friend.”
The newly minted billionaire said, “I’ve never been loved this way. … I love telling him everything.”
Gomez previously dated Justin Bieber on and off from 2010 to 2018, as well as The Weeknd in 2017.
She was also linked to the Chainsmokers’ Drew Taggart in early 2023.
Advertisement