Photo: Getty Images
Drake seemingly responded to all the discourse surrounding his issues with Kendrick Lamar and other artists after Lamar dropped his surprise album. The Canadian rapper made a wild introduction for himself and the "legendary" xQc during the streamer's show on Sunday night, November 24. While they held shots of liquor in the air, Drake maintained that he's still "intact" following the release of Lamar's new LP GNX. "I'm here, as you can see, fully intact. Mind, body and soul, in case you were wondering," Drake said. "You need facts to take me out. Fairytales won't do it." 
Following his passive-aggressive introduction, Drake made a couple of announcements. He revealed the plans for his upcoming "Anita Max Wynn Tour" in Australia, which will be his first performance down under in eight years. The exact dates for the tour haven't been revealed yet, but he confirmed it will roll through Melbourne, Sydney and the Gold Coast beginning February 9 — the same night as Lamar's headlining performance at the Super Bowl Halftime Show. Drake also provided a status update on his upcoming joint album with PARTYNEXTDOOR. He told fans in the chat that the album is "75% done" and reassured them it "sounds incredible." The OVO Sound artists have been teasing their long-awaited joint project for the past few months. Drizzy previously teased that it's "coming soon," but hasn't confirmed the release date yet. Later on in the livestream, xQc and Drake listened to some music together. At one point, The Weeknd's hit "Starboy" played during the livestream. Once he realizes the track is on, Drizzy tells xQc he had to change it. 
"You have to switch this song though," Drake said. "We real sixers. Real six side. We don't listen to that."Drake continued to share his thoughts about xQc's playlist when Steve Lacy's "Bad Habit" came on. In his opinion, the 38-year-old artist said Lacy was a "fragile opp" but agreed his song was good. Not long after that clip went viral, Lacy reacted by sharing a photo of himself making xQc's finger heart and laughed at the comments in his Instagram Story to the tune of Drake's 2010 "I Get Lonely.""YOOOOOOOO.... WAITTTTTT LMAOOOO WHAT IN THE," Lacy wrote in his caption.
Kendrick Lamar also reacted to Drake's comments on the stream. A pgLang affiliate reportedly posted a screenshot of his text conversation with Lamar to Instagram, which revealed his hilarious thoughts about the topic. See what K.Dot had to say and watch xQc's full livestream with Drake below.