The long-awaited lineup for Coachella‘s 2024 edition has finally been unveiled, and Goldenvoice has once again turned in a head-turning electronic billing. From April 12 – 14 and April 19 –  21, Coachella will showcase a strong contingent of dance/electronic acts while still maintaining it’s reputation as the premier multi-genre music festival.
When it comes to electronic music, Coachella has certainly struck the wow factor ahead of this April. The lineup features an impressive array of dance artists that bring both the nostalgic sound and the leaders in modern dance music. At the front of the the pack is the iconic French duo Justice, who are set to return to Coachella for the first time since 2017 with a forthcoming album, HYPERDRAMA. And with recent announcements of upcoming collaborations with both The Weeknd and Tame Impala, those attending in person and watching at home can expect another memorable outing from one of the most influential artists in electronic music history. Staying on the topic of French dance acts, Gesaffelstein will also make a return to the desert for a Saturday night show, with Coachella making for an ideal landing spot for the reveal of new music with his new album potentially on the horizon for 2024. 
Even with a lineup is filled with veteran hitmakers, Coachella has tapped into the new generation by bringing in Anyma, Everything Always—better known as John Summit and Dom Dolla—Dancing Astronaut 2022 co-Breakout Artists of the Year ISOxo and Knock2, Peggy Gou, and more. And rounding out the remainder undercard while also making their respective debuts at Coachella are Miss Monique, Innellea, Rebuke, and Tita Lau, just to name a few talented acts that will make their presence known in the dessert.
One of the exciting aspects of Coachella is the opportunity to witness collaborative performances and back-to-back sets between talented artists. This year, attendees can look forward to Dancing Astronaut’s Artist to Watch in 2023, Kevin de Vries who teams up with Kölsch, while Dancing Astronaut’s Artists To Watch in 2024, Adam Ten and Mita Gami will bring their groovy taste of house to the Yuma tent. Chris Lake also returns just one year later with Chris Lorenzo to present their new Anti Up album and Âme is set to share the decks with Marcel Dettman.
Pre-sale tickets for both weekends are available here.
Featured image: @calder/Instagram
Tags: coachella, festival, goldenvoice
Categories: News

						© 2025 Copyright Dancing Astronaut LLC. Built By:
						A Digital Kingdom.