Home    Forums    Music    Grammy for Record of the Year (67th Grammys edition)
Let’s be real, ROTY is going to Bruno/Gaga or Kendrick. 
That would be a little impossible considering Bruno/Gaga aren’t in this category…
And i’m still not sold on Kendrick in the general field this go round. Awarding Not Like Us in SOTY or ROTY wouldn’t just be awarding THE most popular song of the summer or awarding THE most innovative rap artist of his generation. It would be the industry voters saying “F U C K Drake” and I don’t think the industry at large is ready to toss Drake into the scrap heap.
 That would be a little impossible considering Bruno/Gaga aren’t in this category… And i’m still not sold on Kendrick in the general field this go round. Awarding Not Like Us in SOTY or ROTY wouldn’t just be awarding THE most popular song of the summer or awarding THE most innovative rap artist of his generation. It would be the industry voters saying “F U C K Drake” and I don’t think the industry at large is ready to toss Drake into the scrap heap. 
Exactly. The rap industry might which is why Kendrick will sweep in rap but not in the general fields.
They’ll throw it to the Beatles or Espresso/BOAF
Well, Drake said “Fk you” to the Grammys, so imagine their response to him is giving “Not Like Us” the top trophies. 
Well, Drake said “Fk you” to the Grammys, so imagine their response to him is giving “Not Like Us” the top trophies. 
That doesn’t really mean anything though. Plenty of artists have publicly dissed the Grammys and been awarded afterward. Kanye West PISSED on a Grammy and was nominated and won directly afterward.
The Grammys don’t “diss” the artists unless they just snub them (The Weeknd) but actually awarding the trophy for RECORD OF THE YEAR to Kendrick for calling Drake a child abuser, culture appropriator, and sex trafficker is another matter entirely. Its not just the Grammys as an institution, but the voters (in essence the “industry” at large) putting a significant weight behind Kendrick’s words and message. I don’t think the American music industry is ready to send THAT message to Drake.
I’m not saying it means anything. I’m saying it would be ironic IF “Not Like Us” takes a big category because it would be a response to Drake speaking constantly ill on the Grammys. 
“Not Like Us” already has an uphill battle just by being a rap song.
But I don’t think everybody who loves or would vote for it necessarily hates Drake. That song has taken a life of its own outside of that beef. Also, the fact that the song was nominated five times already “sends that message” to Drake.
Yall really think Not Like Us is winning is crazy
You must be logged in to reply to this topic.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				3 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media