It's been a great week at the Steel County Free Fair, and now we're rolling into the final weekend for 2024.
The weather for the weekend looks like its shaping up to be perfect, with Saturday's forecast calling for sunshine and 77, with Sunday looking like sunny and 80.
Here's a rundown of some of we all have to look forward to this weeknd, including all kinds of free exhibits including 200 animals, the FFA Children’s Barnyard, the Great Outdoors Center, and the Thorni Ridge Exotics animals.
There will be free entertainment on five outdoor stages and in the beer garden -- plus 300 indoor commercial exhibits, over 200 outdoor vendors - including 300 food stands, and up to 40 thrilling rides on the Goldstar Amusements midway.
The Steele County Free Fair has some of the best entertainment you will find at a county fair!
The VIP area in the grandstand has gone through significant changes to improve the overall experience for VIP guests. A great view from the front row unobstructed pit view area, easy access to VIP tent and beer sale alley, infield parking right behind the stage, VIP tent serving light hors d’oeuvres prior to the concert starting at 4:00 pm, two beverage tickets, and the Tin Roof Tavern has dedicated bar tenders for the VIP area.
There will be daily ride specials on the GoldStar Amusements Midway.
The GoldStar Amusement Mega-Ride ticket is $60 and is on sale now until 5:00 pm on August 13, 2024, the opening day of the fair at Hy-Vee in Owatonna only. The Mega-Ride ticket is good for a ride wristband/lanyard which entitles the holder to unlimited midway rides all week.
The Wenger Fair Square Stage, the Elmer Reseland Stage in the KRFO Townsquare and the Village Stage in the Village of Yesteryear will feature free entertainment each afternoon and evening throughout the fair.
The United Prairie Bank Stage has some great entertainment throughout the week, including the Owatonna Community Band, Ali Gray’s Country Jamboree, Power of 10 , the Whitesidewalls, Chad Johnson & The Minnesota Transplants, Little Chicago, the Eclipse Band, and more.
The Elmer Reseland Stage in KRFO Townsquare will provide entertainment for children and adults alike. The Moogician, the Electrifying Magic of Jay Mattioli, Dangerous Feats of Comedy, Deal or No Deal, and more.
Jurassic Kingdom comes to the fair for three shows daily Tuesday at 8 pm, and Wednesday through Sunday at 2, 5, and 8 pm. Jurassic Kingdom features life size dinosaur puppets.
The Southwest Dairy Farmers Mobile Dairy Classroom returns to the Steele County Fair. The Mobile Dairy Classroom features a 32-foot classroom featuring a fully operational milking parlor. The classroom presentation includes a live cow, the milking process and the importance of dairy foods in a healthy diet.
The Hot Glass Blowing Academy is new to the Steele County Free Fair this year. This one-of-a-kind glassblowing demonstration provides energetic and dynamic entertainment with educational value through an art form that is over 3000 years old.
The Robinson Carving Company family has been doing sculptures for the past two decades with their chainsaws. They will be doing 3 – 4 shows daily with a new sculpture being created at each show.
The All-Star Stunt Dogs Show is a must see that will entertain people of all ages. From back flips, handstands, big air stunts, to amazing tricks; these dogs are thrilling the nation! Performances begin on Tuesday at pm, and Wednesday through Sunday at noon 3 and 6 pm.
The High-Flying Pages are America’s premier flying trapeze aerial troupe. The Pages will have spectators on the edge of their seat as they race motorcycles inside the Globe of Death. Shows on Tuesday at 6 pm, Wednesday through Thursday at 4 and 7 pm, and Friday through Sunday at 1, 4, and 7 pm.
Great musical entertainment from popular area bands will be featured daily on the Beer Garden stage.
Explore the fair in its early days in the Muckle Fair Museum and then wander over to the Village of Yesteryear and relive Steele County’s history in the village buildings. While you're in the village, take in the Gandy Company “Old Iron Show”, featuring a large display of antique tractors and small engines. Take a seat at the Village of Yesteryear outdoor stage which has entertainment daily at noon, 3, and 6 pm.
If you enjoy some great polka music, you'll want to be in Fair Square Park on Thursday, August 15th. The Charlie Sticha Band will take the stage at 12:00 pm, followed by the iPolka Band at 2:30 pm. Then at noon on Friday, August 19th, the Dan Stursa Band will be playing some great old-time music on the Wenger Fair Square Stage while you enjoy lunch from one of the fabulous food vendors. The Dan Stursa Band will return to entertain fairgoers at 1:00 pm Sunday, August 18th, in Ye Olde Beer Garden.
As you can probably imagine, this is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to everything that's waiting for you at the 2024 Steele County Free Fair. From the Steele Saloon to the Outdoor Center -- there is truly something for everyone.