By
Drake stirred up fresh controversy during a surprise livestream with Kick star xQc on Sunday night (November 24), throwing shade at several artists, including Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd, and former Internet guitarist Steve Lacy. 
The Toronto rapper didn’t hold back as xQc played a Steve Lacy track during the stream. “This guy’s like a fragile opp,” Drake quipped before adding, “But this is a good song, though.” 
When pressed by xQc to elaborate, he simply responded, “Chat knows what I’m talking about. Fragility.”
Lacy wasted no time responding to the comments. Taking to Instagram, he trolled Drake in a series of pointed posts. He first shared a screenshot of the “fragile opp” remark alongside Drake’s own track, “I Get Lonely.” 
In another post, Lacy added humor by mimicking xQc’s signature “finger heart” pose, captioning it, “WAITTTTTT LMAOOOO WHAT IN THE.” His trolling escalated with a final jab set to Ginuwine’s “So Anxious,” where he cheekily wrote, “Who tryna be my…fragile opp?”
Drake’s critique of Lacy may stem from the latter’s recent ties to Kendrick Lamar. Lacy made a cameo in the video for Lamar’s “Not Like Us” and attended the buzzworthy Ken & Friends pop-up event. These associations likely didn’t sit well with Drake, who has had ongoing tensions with the Compton rapper.
The fallout extended beyond Lacy, with Drake also taking shots at former Toronto Raptors star DeMar DeRozan during his return to Scotiabank Arena as a Sacramento Kings player. The apparent grudge adds another layer to Drake’s streak of feuds, raising eyebrows among fans and critics alike.
Social media didn’t hold back in defending Lacy. “Steve Lacy washes Drake on his best day,” one user declared. Another criticized Drake’s choice of platform, saying, “The drug and alcohol addiction must be getting to his head to go on a white guy’s stream and talk down on Black artists… Hope he gets the help he needs.” 
A particularly biting comment read, “If Steve Lacy’s fragile, what does that make Drake?”
As the dust settles, it’s clear Drake’s comments have only added fuel to the ever-present drama in his rivalry-laden career. Meanwhile, Lacy’s witty comebacks prove that the “fragile opp” label won’t stick easily.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97