RIYADH, Saudi Arabia – UFC made its debut in Saudi Arabia with UFC Fight Night: Whittaker vs. Aliskerov at Kingdom Arena in Riyadh on June 22. Clair Global had previously provided audio services for UFC globally, but this event marked their first partnership for live audiences in the Middle East.
More details from Clair Global (www.clairglobal.com):
The monumental occasion was led by Phil Campbell and mixed by FOH Engineer Andy Banks, who opted for a Yamaha Rivage PM7 from Clair’s ever-growing Middle East inventory.
To fully service UFC’s live audio requirements, Clair Global Regional Manager, Stu Wright, oversaw the deployment of an in-the-round Cohesion PA. The system, which has been chosen for music tours by major artists including Bad Bunny, Blackpink, The Weeknd, U2 and many more, also delivers top tier audio clarity for high end live sports performances.
Commenting on the unique needs of this production, Clair Global UAE COO, Al Woods, says: “The event is televised for worldwide viewers and the audience reactions are crucial. Therefore, the PA needs to be coherent and punchy. Clair has deployed similar sized Cohesion systems in the region for both music and sporting events, but our UFC PA system differed due to the cable infrastructure. The Kingdom Arena has a height of 47m and an external dimension of 220m x 150m, so to keep the cables out of eyeline for the TV broadcast camera shots, the cable lengths and management system were both detailed and extensive.
“To achieve a clean look, some of the runs were well over 100m in length. As with all Cohesion system deployments, Clair’s proprietary Hi-D cabling system was used. The Hi-D multicore’s non-conventional approach significantly increases damping factor and decreases frequency-dependent signal loss along long runs, which in this case was invaluable.”
Designed by Clair’s Leon Fink, the system comprised two main hangs of 16 x Cohesion CO10 to cover the two end stands and ‘pitch’ area, and at approximately 90-degrees to the mains, 4 x flown out hangs consisting of 12 x CO8 boxes provided coverage to the arena’s VIP and main stands.
For low-end sub coverage, two hangs of Cohesion CP218 II+ with floor subs beneath the grandstands and 2 x CP118+ were deployed under the Octagon, enabling additional sub impact during the high-octane fight.
For front row members of the audience, Clair deployed 8 x Cohesion CP6+ for down-fill. The system was controlled, tuned, and aligned using Lake LM44’s and Lab.gruppen PLM Series amplifiers.
Clair also provided RF, which was covered by 14 channels of Shure Axient with a Shure PSM 1000 IEM system.
The arrival of UFC in KSA only reinforces the nation’s burgeoning live production industry and the need for state-of-the-art equipment and skilled technicians.
“Saudi Arabia is leveraging sports and entertainment as a strategic tool to drive economic diversification, social change, and enhance its international standing, making it a key player on the global sports stage,” continues Woods.
“UFC has established significant commercial partnerships with Saudi Arabia, and having successfully serviced their live entertainment debut in the country, Clair Global is well-placed to work across more of these major live sporting events in the region.”
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
"*" indicates required fields
Δ


May 2025Articles | Digital IssueApril 2025Articles | Digital IssueMarch 2025Articles | Digital IssueFebruary 2025Articles | Digital IssueJanuary 2025Articles | Digital Issue
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC