By RUSS WEAKLAND and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  16:23, 27 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:29, 27 March 2024   
 30
View  comments
Euphoria may never return for a third season as creator Sam Levinson and HBO executives have clashed over how to move forward, according to insiders, who claim rising fame, tragic deaths and last year's strikes have also contributed to 'stunting' progress.
HBO this week confirmed a delay to season three, blaming the busy schedules of the cast, which includes Sydney Sweeney, Zendaya and Jacob Elordi, for the hold-up.
However, insiders have now claimed the real reason for the delay is Sam's frustration at HBO's request that he complete the scripts in full before they decide whether or not to greenlight production.
'A handful of things have stunted the third season and it's looking more and more likely that it will never happen,' an insider exclusively revealed to DailyMail.com.
Euphoria creator Sam Levinson and HBO executives are clashing over how to move forward with the series starring Sydney Sweeney (pictured) and Zendaya, an insider has claimed
Sources have claimed that a demand from HBO that the scripts be fully completed before network bosses greenlight production has caused huge conflict with Sam (pictured in 2023)
'Even though HBO has announced a delay as opposed to a cancelation, so many things would have to fall into place that may never for the show to return. 
'But what is to blame? A handful of things. The cast and crew have been waiting through strikes, new scripts, the tragic death of Angus Cloud, and how that will change the story.'
They continued: 'HBO executives are also dragging their feet. Instead of greenlighting the third season once the strikes were over, they demanded all the scripts be completed in order for them to read through and decide whether or not to move forward, which frustrated Sam immensely.
'Sam's frustrations have made him move on to other projects, and not being able to finish the show on his terms has been upsetting.'
HBO's alleged decision to demand scripts are written in full before executives greenlight another season is believed to be a reaction to Sam's widely panned The Idol, which was canceled after one series.
'The crazy turnout of The Idol and the disaster that turned out to be started Sam's downturn,' the insider said. 'Then you add Angus dying and [producer] Kevin Turen dying, one of his biggest and best friends.' 
Euphoria was rocked by the death of 25-year-old Angus, who played Fezco, in July 2023 from an accidental overdose of fentanyl, cocaine and other drugs.
The heartbreak continued when producer Kevin died, aged 44, just five months later in December, from multiple heart issues.
Last week, HBO confirmed season three has been delayed, with the busy schedules of the cast given as a reason for the hold-up - Zendaya pictured with costar Hunter Schafer 
However, a source stated that 'a handful of things have stunted the third season and it's looking more and more likely that it will never happen' - Sydney pictured with Alexa Demie
The source explained that the delay was not great news for the lesser names associated with the project.
'Many people want to work and have refused work with the thought that Euphoria was coming back much sooner,' they said. 
'What is crazy is that the last episode filmed was December of 2021, which is nuts. People have been waiting years to get back on the show.'
Zendaya has lead the cast as Rue since Euphoria debuted on HBO in 2019
The source added that the growing success of the cast in other projects was also causing an issue, with an HBO spokesperson telling Variety: 'HBO and Sam Levinson remain committed to making an exceptional third season.
'In the interim, we are allowing our in-demand cast to pursue other opportunities.'
The insider continued: 'Cast members have also become even bigger stars and, although they are all devoted to finishing the story for Sam and his vision, they now might be forever too busy to ever return.'
Following the never-ending setbacks when it comes to the show, the source hinted that it would take a miracle for fans to see the story wrapped up on screen.
They continued: 'Several small miracles need to happen for the show to see a season three and if that does happen, season three would be it.
'Now that the struggles are out there and HBO had to make a statement, maybe it will be the progress needed to finally get it done and completed.' 
The source gave some hope for the series as they claimed the network was still currently eyeing a return to production next year. Jacob Elordi pictured with Alexa Demie
The source said the cast had been 'released' from their contracts until 2025, with HBO reportedly looking to get them back in January with an aim to start preproduction around October 2025
Season two of the hit series premiered in 2022 to critical and commercial acclaim
But they did offer some hope, claiming the network wants to kickstart production in Fall 2025.
'Last week, crew was called and told that they released the cast from their contracts until 2025,' the insider said. 'They are looking to potentially get back in January of 2025 and start to do preproduction around October.'
Zendaya has lead the cast as drug-addled teen Rue since Euphoria debuted on HBO in 2019. 
Hunter Schafer, Maude Apatow, Alexa Demie, Barbie Ferreira and Dominic Fike also featured in the first two seasons.
Additionally, the hit show stars Eric Dane, Storm Reid, Colman Domingo, Javon Walton, Austin Abrams and Nika King. 
The eight-part first season was followed by a pair of specials released in 2020 and 2021.
Season two premiered in 2022 to critical and commercial acclaim, and it was confirmed that a third season had been greenlit in February 2022 - with HBO announcing last year that the third and final season would air in 2025.
Production on the third season was delayed due to the now-resolved WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes. 
Sam previously teased that season three would see Rue 'explore what it means to be an individual with principles in a corrupt world'
In the interim the show's stars have catapulted to fame, landing huge movie roles. Zendaya recently starred in the hit film Dune 2 alongside Timothee Chalamet, while Jacob has helmed films Priscilla and Saltburn.
Sydney has become a regular face at the box office following the release of Madame Web, Anyone But You and new horror, Immaculate. 
Sam was recently slammed for his series, The Idol, starring The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp 
The White Lotus star recently revealed she was going 'into Euphoria' once she has finished promoting her new film. 
She also expressed excitement at reprising her role as Cassie.
'I love Cassie,' she told an audience in New York. 'Cassie truly is a dream to play and as an actor, I'm so fortunate that I've had a character like her at such a young age. And, of course, I wanna keep living her crazy [life]. I love it.'
Back in August, Sam teased limited details about the upcoming installment in an interview with Elle.
The director offered insight into what would happen to Zendaya's Rue, revealing that her role would be to 'explore what it means to be an individual with principles in a corrupt world.'
He additionally noted that he envisions the show leaning into 'film noir.'
Sam also praised Zendaya's work ethic and her dedication to pushing herself as a performer.
'She's the most competitive person I know, in a good way,' he said. 'She's constantly growing as an artist and always seeking a challenge. She's never complacent.'
In April, Barbie Ferrera revealed she had quit the show because she did not want to 'portray a fat best friend.'
Angus Cloud tragically died in July 2023 of an accidental drug overdose, aged 25 - pictured with Chloe Cherry in a scene from season two
Producer Kevin Turen (pictured in February 2007) who worked on Euphoria and The Idol, died suddenly on November 12, 2023 while driving on a California freeway
It came amid rumors of tension between her and showrunner Sam.
The actress, who played Kat Hernandez, told Dax Shepard on his podcast that storylines for the character would not have 'done her justice' and that Sam didn't bond with Kat.
Barbie shocked the world last year when she announced to her 5.8 million social media followers that she would not be reprising her role, but insisted it was a mutual decision.
She stated: 'I don't think there was a place for her to go. I think there were places she could have gone. I just don't think it would have fit into the show.
'I don't know if it was going to do her justice, and I think both parties [Levinson and I] knew that I really wanted to be able to not be the fat best friend.'
The star added it was a 'struggle' to find storylines for her character in season two, leading to a much-decreased presence. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group