Spin that record on the battle royale as Lady Gaga is set to drop in on Fortnite, getting her variety of skins and bundles from the Item Shop and ready to join the rampaging action. As part of the Fortnite Festival Season 2 sets, Lady Gaga is the featured artist who will join gamers in their many missions and objectives in the battle island, paired with special items and more. 
For many years now, fans and Fortnite gamers requested the presence of the renowned singer-songwriter, especially with her many iconic looks and persona.
Fortnite unveiled on their latest post via X that Lady Gaga is the next skin and musician to drop on the game, centering on the Fortnite Festival Season 2's central figure.
This new drop centers on Festival Season 2's new theme, "Unlock Your Talent," which ushers in new challenges and experiences, also highlighting the various popular songs of the Mother Monster.
Lady Gaga's skin is unlockable as the final Premium Reward Track of the Festival Pass by completing the Festival Quests. It offers the Enigmatic Gaga Outfit, alongside other Gaga-themed items like the Chromatica Guitar and the Chromatica Keytar.
Read Also :
Disney Joins Forces with Epic Games for Games, Entertainment Universe, Takes $1.5B Stake in Fortnite-Creator
You’ve been asking for it for years. Mother Monster is here to deliver ✨That’s right, festies: @ladygaga is our featured artist for Fortnite Festival Season 2. Freak out, freak out, freak out! https://t.co/1Wp04xcPBB pic.twitter.com/iEEWdBzwhX
On the other hand, there would also be a purchasable Lady Gaga bundle on the Item Shop, centering on the Chromatica Armor Outfit which Cecilio Castrillo designed for the game. It will be joined by the Chromatica Bass, Chromatica Mic, "Stupid Love" Jam Track, and Rain Check Emote which Fortnite said would be available until the end of Season 2.
It is no longer new for Fortnite to bring collaborations with pop culture icons and top names in the celebrity world, from YouTubers and other game streamers, down to music artists. One of the most iconic additions before was Travis Scott, however, the famed rapper's previous controversies led to Epic Games pulling out his skin after the Astroworld Festival.
Before the year ended last year, Fortnite Festival Season 1 commenced its festivities and delivered a new artist, their skin, music, and more to the game. This is none other than the popular Starboy, The Weeknd, who brought his iconic red suit from the After Hours album, known for also having challenges offered by the battle royale to get his exclusive skins.
However, the music did not stop there, as Epic Games is planning to bring more artists to the Festival's different seasons, centering on upcoming drops to anticipate with their favorite musicians. Lady Gaga is the next skin to drop on Fortnite's Festival, now on its Season 2, bringing the pop star to the game and going to the edge of glory for the top win.
Related Article :
Fortnite Set to Return to iOS in Europe Following DMA Ruling
ⓒ 2025 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Sign up for our free newsletter for the Latest coverage!