By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:39, 17 May 2024   |  Updated:  08:56, 18 May 2024   
 31
View  comments
Eva Longoria set pulses racing in an elegant backless gown on Friday as she waved to fans from the balcony of the Hotel Martinez in Cannes.
The actress, 49, who is in Cannes as a L'Oreal brand ambassaador looked incredible in the white beaded gown as she enjoyed some sunshine. 
She wore her brunette  locks in an elegant chignon and had her make-up perfectly applied.  
Eva was in town to attend the 77th annual Cannes Film Festival along with a host of other stars.
Namely her Only Murders In The Building co-star Selena Gomez who showed off her effortlessly chic sense of style as she arrived the same day.
Eva Longoria, 49, set pulses racing in an elegant backless beaded gown as she waved to fans from her balcony of the Hotel Martinez in Cannes  on Friday
Her dress was white with a halter neck and showed off plenty of skin as she leaned back on her balcony 
The actress had all eyes on her and leant back to bask in the sun, exposing her stunning earrings
The actress, 31, looked in great spirits as she beamed from ear to ear while waving at fans as day four of the film festival gets well underway. 
Selena opted for a matching white crochet style co-ord consisting of a button up cardigan top and floaty pleated skirt. 
Embracing the sunny weather, Selena put on a leggy display in the skirt which she paired with some Roger Vivir Viv’ Canard Slingback Pumps in Patent Leather.
Selena indulged in an al fresco dining experience at La Môme followed by a glamorous shopping spree at Mango.
The star scraped her brunette locks off her face in a slick back bun and added a quirky pair of white sunglasses to the ensemble. 
Stopping to take selfies with fans and sign autographs, Selena carried her essentials in a small white and gold zig-zag patterned handbag. 
Elsewhere Maya Jama was spotted at Nice airport as she arrived for the festival alongside Rochelle Humes and Kimberley Garner.
Earlier this week Selena shared a sweet snap with her boyfriend Benny Blanco, who didn't appear to have joined her in France. 
She made eye contact with, and waved adoringly at, the numerous fans splayed around the hotel's grounds
Eva's beautiful gown shimmered under the strong sun and Eva, who helps make up the star-studded cast of The Only Murders In The Building, beamed 
Namely her Only Murders In The Building co-star Selena Gomez who showed off her effortlessly chic sense of style as she arrived the same day 
Selena, 31, opted for a matching white crochet style co-ord consisting of a button up cardigan top and floaty pleated skirt
The actress looked in great spirits as she beamed from ear to ear while waving at fans as day four of the film festival gets well underway
Embracing the sunny weather, Selena put on a leggy display in the skirt which she paired with some Roger Vivir Viv’ Canard Slingback Pumps in Patent Leather
Stopping to take selfies with fans and sign autographs, Selena carried her essentials in a small white and gold zig-zag patterned handbag
The star took to her Instagram Stories to post a black and white photo of the record producer, 36, kissing her on the temple.
The actress — who recently discussed feeling 'freedom' after revealing her bipolar diagnosis to the world — had a big smile on her face and her eyes closed as Benny wrapped his arms around her and gave her a smooch while looking at the camera.
Selena, who wore a black jacket and had her tresses pulled into a bun, added a white-heart emoji to the photo.
Meanwhile Benny recently revealed that he sees marriage and kids with Selena in his future.
Benny recently shared that he already bought his famous girlfriend 'some really good stuff' to celebrate their first anniversary of dating, which is right around her birthday on July 22.
When Howard Stern said he predicted marriage for Blanco and the 'Texican' pop star, Benny (born Benjamin Levin) replied: 'You and me both... I gotta get my act together!'
As for children, Blanco announced: 'That's like my next goal on the box. I have a lot of God kids, I've got a ton of nephews. It's my thing, I love being around kids!'
The 11-time Grammy nominee co-wrote and produced Selena's 2023 song Single Soon, which peaked at No. 19 on the US Billboard Hot 100. 
She completed her look with some quirky white sunglasses 
Selena indulged in an al fresco dining experience at La Môme
The star attempted to go incognito as she kept her sunglasses on 
The co-ord fetured intricate crochet detailing 
Selena put on a very fashionable display in the stunning ensemble 
The star appeared to not be joined by her boyfriend Benny Blanco 
She took a selfie with a fan 
But Gomez - who previously dated Drew Taggart, The Weeknd, and Justin Bieber - has technically been collaborating with Benny as far back as 2015 on her second studio album Revival.
'It was so crazy. When we went out on our first date, I didn't even know it was a date,' Blanco admitted.
'I remember sitting there and she's like, "Well, I would have worn something different for this date," and I was like, "What?! We're on a date?!"'
The Virginia native said he frequently stares at the two-time Grammy nominee and tells her, 'I don't know a world where it could be better than this.'
Benny recently revealed that he sees marriage and kids with Selena in his future 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group