Getting a cut or even a trim is enough to turn your hairstyle up a notch or two.
Some people could really transform into a new human after the hairdressers or barbers. Now one Canadian barber revealed how he saved his client after giving him the cut of his life. TikTok user @mysterio.taperologist boasts 624,000 followers on the platform.
And in his latest transformation, he showed what the "power of a haircut" can truly do. In the brief clip, the client can be seen sat in the chair flaunting his previous long hair look with a pair of glasses. Then seconds later, he looks completely different.
Moments on, not only has the customer ditched his glasses, he's also debuting a new fresh trim with a subtle fade on the side. The TikTok video's caption read: "Did I save his life?!" The clip also shows the client touching up his hair – and he clearly looked satisfied.
The hairdresser managed to show off the after shot in all angles in the video – and TikTok viewers were absolutely loving it. He also shared the products he used at the end of the clip in order to inspire his customers.
Since it was posted, the video garnered 3.7million likes and 24,200 comments. One said: "Not the same person." While another added: "Bro went from Abel to The Weeknd." And a third chimed in: "It's not the same guy."
Someone else commented: "Bro's haircut gave him better vision." And a fifth questioned: "Is this even the same person?" Others praised the barber to "saving too many lives". The barber often uses his platform to share before and after haircuts transformations.
According to his bio on his account, he's based in Brampton, Canada. Clients can also book a haircut appointment through the link provided as well as meet him in person to buy his life-changing products.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.