The Last Dinner Party pose with their Official Chart Award (L-R): Emily Roberts, Abigail Morris, Aurora Nishevci, Georgia Davies and Lizzie Mayland
Indie rock band The Last Dinner Party, who won the BBC Sound of 2024 in January, have made their official debut at the top of the UK album charts.
Their first album, Prelude To Ecstasy, outsold records by Taylor Swift, Noah Kahan and The Weeknd to take the title.
According to the Official Charts, it shifted 32,800 chart units, a measure than combines sales and streams.
The quintet celebrated with a one-word statement conveying their disbelief, which is unprintable on the BBC.
But calling to Radio 1's chart show, they thanked fans and listeners for supporting the album.
"Thank you so much for playing it and listening to it and helping us and supporting us," said singer Abigail Morris.
The band formed four years ago at university, and built up a large live following before releasing their debut single, the baroque pop anthem Nothing Matters, last year.
Since then, their rise has been meteoric. They played a packed-out set at Glastonbury, supported Hozier and Florence + The Machine on tour and won the Brits rising star award, which they will collect at the O2 Arena next month.
"Everything has happened so quickly and it's really overwhelming," Morris told BBC Breakfast earlier this week. "It's been very fast and not what we expected. 
"We say this all the time, but we're so grateful that we're not solo artists - that there's five of us, and we can come home together and have a drink".
This video can not be played
Florence + The Machine delivers a surprise to The Last Dinner Party
Their debut album was produced by James Ford (Arctic Monkeys, Blur, Jessie Ware) and released by Island Records last week.
Critics praised the record's "sky-high ambition, external" and ""decadence and theatricality", external", calling it "one of the strongest debuts in recent memory, external".
Fans clearly agreed. The album sold 14,000 copies on vinyl - the highest weekly total for an album since Oasis re-released their compilation album The Masterplan last November.
Elsewhere in the album chart, Liverpudlian singer-songwriter Jamie Webster earned his highest-charting album to date with 10 For The People, which entered at number two; while US singer-songwriter Noah Kahan' Stick Season was at number three.
Taylor Swift's victory at the Grammy Awards on Sunday also saw her back catalogue rebounding up the chart, with 1989 (Taylor's Version) at five, album of the year winner Midnights at six, Folklore at 10 and three further albums - Lover, Reputation and Evermore - in the top 40.
The Last Dinner Party win BBC Sound Of 2024
Badenoch and Streeting respond to election losses as Reform’s Yusuf tells Laura Kuenssberg party can deliver
Eight arrested in two separate anti-terror operations
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.