Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Electronic music duo DIsclosure will bring the performances on Glastonbury's Other Stage to a close on Saturday night at Worthy Farm. Surrey-born brothers Guy and Howard Lawrence released their first single, Offline Dexterity, in 2010, when both were still teenagers.
Latch was the single that really launched their careers in the UK - and that of singer Sam Smith, whose vocals featured on the track. They have since sold over seven million albums and been nominated for a string of Grammys, including Best Dance/Electronica Album for their debut studio album, Settle, in June 2013.
Disclosure have also collaborated with the likes of Lorde and The Weeknd and sold out Madison Square Garden in New York. They have previously headlined Glastonbury’s Other Stage as well as Reading & Leeds, Parklife, and All Points East, and played huge sets at Coachella and Bonnaroo festivals. 
READ MORE: Great Western Railway has revealed its new 'Shania Train' ahead of Glastonbury
READ MORE: BBC star Ros Atkins to play Glastonbury alongside Idris Elba and Groove Armada
So when will Disclosure appear at Glastonbury 2024? And who will be playing at the same time? Read on for all you need to know. 
Disclosure will play Glastonbury 2024 on Saturday, June 29 on the Other Stage. Current listings say that Disclosure will headline the stage between 10.30 and 11.45pm - coming on after Bloc Party, Camila Cabello and The Streets.
The BBC will this year show the five main stages across iPlayer, as well as on BBC One and Two at various points of the weekend. On iPlayer, fans can find continuous live streams from the Pyramid, Other, West Holts, Park and Woodsies stages.
Disclosure recently played a huge full show at Primavera Sound in Barcelona, with the following set list:
Waterfall
Douha (Mali Mali)
In My Arms
White Noise
Someday
Help Me Lose My Mind
Simply Won't Do
Never Enough
She's Gone, Dance On
Latch
Tondo
Higher Than Ever Before
When Disclosure take to the Glastonbury Other Stage from 10.30-11.45pm on Saturday, June 29 the other main stages will host the following acts:
Pyramid Stage - Coldplay, 9.45-11.45pm
West Holts Stage - Jessie Ware, 10.15-11.45pm
Woodsies Stage - Gossip, 10.30-11.45pm
Park Stage - Peggy Gou, 11pm-12.15am
Avalon Stage - Magic Numbers, 9.40-10.40pm & New Model Army, 11.10pm-12.20am.