A seasoned Lanarkshire singer and songwriter has gone back to basics with his latest musical incarnation.
Brian Clover, who is at home both in Hamilton and Essex where he was born, has released a plethora of singles with help from long-standing songwriting partner Billy Smith.
The pair, who produce their music in Lanarkshire, had been in the band Necker and had signed a management deal but Brain admits poor life choices let them down.
The Lanarkshire Live app is available to download now.
Get all the news from your area – as well as features, entertainment, sport and the latest on Lanarkshire’s recovery from the coronavirus pandemic – straight to your fingertips, 24/7.
The free download features the latest breaking news and exclusive stories, and allows you to customise your page to the sections that matter most to you.
Head to the App Store and never miss a beat in Lanarkshire - iOS - Android
They also secured a publishing deal with Wham manager Jazz Summers at Big Life. However, the pair along with a fellow co-writer Scott McCulloch became embroiled in a music copyright court battle with The Weeknd which led to Brian giving up music for a time.
“Our songs which caught the imagination for some major artists were written and recorded in Billy’s home studio in Hamilton,” said Brian.
“We were then down in London rubbing shoulders with people who we used to see in magazines.”
He is open about his battles with alcohol addiction and mental health and the effect it had on his musical journey.
“I understand today how poor life decisions can end with devastating consequences, however, I was living with undiagnosed bipolar disorder and untreated addiction,” Brian admits.
“I am grateful that I have the most beautiful family, friends and fiancé. There is a lot of love in my little world. Blessed to have breath in my body today clean and sober living life with a decent moral code, I’m not embarrassed to say God saved me.”
Away from music Brian is now a qualified barber and is giving something back to others who find themselves struggling through life, by cutting homelesss and vulnerable people’s hair for free.
Brian has also reinvented himself musically on a number of occasions but a recent foray into country music didn’t receive the reception he had hoped.
But it was while playing a country showcase of his music a couple of months ago that he turned back the clock to the days of Necker.
He said: “I was pretty much getting a blank from those in the country music side of the industry and decided to play a couple of songs that dated back to the Necker days, and few others of that genre that I had up my sleeve.
“The reaction was so positive that I made the decision then to form Man Reborn. It picks up from the music I was making with Billy in Necker back in the noughties.
“These songs are kind of hip-hop/rap based big choruses. Well that’s the idea. Very direct.
“They were magical times looking back now living free and easy, doing the actual job I always wanted to be doing.”
Brain recently released the single Summer under the moniker Man Reborn, and will follow up next month with two further tracks; Anthem and Ecstasy, both giving a nod to the heady days of rave culture and the “loved-up generation”.
You can hear the music of Man Reborn at: https://amazingradio.us/profile/manreborn
*Don't miss the latest headlines from around Lanarkshire. Sign up to our newsletters here.
And did you know Lanarkshire Live had its own app? Download yours for free here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.