"The pen is Hattori Hanzo."

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Uma Thurman has jokingly offered to help Drake amid his ongoing rap feuds after the top-charting musician referenced one of her most iconic characters. 

	Last Saturday (April 13), the 37-year-old shared a diss track, aimed at Rick Ross, Future, Metro Boomin, The Weeknd, and Kendrick Lamar following several digs at Drizzy in recently released music. 

	A gritty, unmastered leak surfaced before  DJ Whoo Kid premiered the track “Push Ups (Drop and Give Me 50),”  per Hot97. Sampling Mike Jones and Hurricane Chris’s 2009 party anthem “Drop and Give Me 50,” the Grammy Award-winning artist digs on everything from weight, age, and shoe size to bad label deals and poorly-aged pop collaborations. 

	










	Going against multiple rappers seemingly on his own, Drake took to social media to react to his record. The Toronto representative shared a meme from the Kill Bill movie series, where Uma Thurman’s character is surrounded by armed assailants as she stands alone, prepared to fight.

	Both moments were captured and shared on social media by journalist Philip Lewis.
Now Uma Thurman is weighing in on the Drake/Rick Ross/Kendrick battle: pic.twitter.com/pjgt2Aze3n

	After viewing the “Energy” rapper’s Instagram Story, the actress responded, offering him the yellow costume she wore in the fight scene as Beatrix Kiddo. Drake then responded by writing, “The pen is Hattori Hanzo.”

	Hattori Hanzo exists in the Kill Bill universe as a Japanese sword-smith, renowned for the quality of his katanas, according to a fandom website. He is responsible for creating the weapon that Kiddo used in her revenge.  As Drake compares his writing skills to a lethal blade, fans can hope he keeps his instrument sharp as what’s shaping up to be the year’s biggest battle heats up. 

	While each opponent has thrown subliminal shots at one another for years, the triggering verse from Kendrick Lamar in “Like That” featured on Metro Boomin and Future’s No. 1 We Don’t Trust You collaborative album found the Hip-Hop community urging both J. Cole and Drake to respond.

	While the Dreamville rapper responded, apologized, and deleted his diss record against the Compton rhymer, Drake took his time crafting his own scrappy lyrics. In the meantime, Metro and Future dropped again, this time with A$AP Rocky and Rick Ross airing their grievances against the “6 God.” 

	After the self-proclaimed “Champagne Papi” fired back, Rick Ross wasted no time, releasing his own diss record “Champagne Moments,” hours later where he airs out his “Stay Schemin” partner over alleged botched plastic surgery and shady business practices.  According to Complex, the Miami rapper even spoke on Uma Thurman’s offer asking “Think it fit me?” 

	Listen to “Champagne Moments” below. 

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.