BLACKPINK Jennie is now branching out on becoming Hallyu's entertainment queen. However, she surprised the public when she turned down the new variety show offer with Park Bo Gum.
What happened to the casting offer? Keep on reading to know more.
Earlier this month, Star News announced that BLACKPINK Jennie will appear in Kim Tae Ho's new entertainment show "My Name Is Gabriel."
The idol-actress shared that she was a huge fan of the producing director, and would love to work with him in the brand new show, which also stars Park Bo Gum, Ji Chang Wook and more.
Read also:
Kim Sejeong To Reunite With 'Business Proposal' Director In New K-drama - More Details Inside!
However, on March 19, it was reported that Jennie has turned down the offer to appear on the upcoming variety show. A representative said, "She was cast in the show but she doesn't plan on appearing on variety programs for the time being."
With this change, "My Name Is Gabriel" will push through as a five-piece ensemble with Yeom Hye Ran, Park Myung Soo and Hong Jin Kyung.
Read also:
BLACKPINK Jennie Variety Queen! Hallyu Star Lands New Show With Park Bo Gum, Ji Chang Wook
Meanwhile, Jennie made her Hollywood debut in 2023 with the mega hit HBO show "The Idol" with The Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp. Check it out now.
In addition to that, the idol-actress established her own label Odd Atelier (OA) this 2024. In addition, she is currently starring in the variety program "Apartment 404" with Yoo Jae Seok and more on tvN.
Have you seen BLACKPINK Jennie in "Apartment 404" yet? Share your thoughts with us in the comments down below!
Produced by Kim Tae Ho, "My Name Is Gabriel" is an entertainment show that follows celebrities who receive Western names as they live different lives in a foreign country.
It will mark the producing director's newest creation, an addition to his popular shows like "Infinite Challenge," "Hangout With Yoo," "Seoul Check-In" and more.
Hallyu fans will be able to see how celebrities live the non-celebrity life in an unfamiliar environment. In particular, it begins filming this March and it's expected to be released in June via JTBC. Make sure to check it out.
Read also:
Girl's Day Hyeri's Past Remark On Personal Life Creates Buzz Amid Issue - Did She Predict Fate?
KDramaStars owns this article.
Written by Elijah Mariscotes.
Join KDrama Stars Email Update