In early May, Future got fans excited when he wrote, on X, “Fuck yo album Shit ain’t slappin like my MIXTAPE.” Now, after months of speculation, he’s announced that Mixtape Pluto is out September 20. Take a look at the mixtape cover and trailer below.
Mixtape Pluto will mark Future’s third full-length project of 2024. On Friday, March 22, the Atlanta rapper shared his first collaborative album with Metro Boomin, We Don’t Trust You. Three weeks later, on April 12, the artists dropped another new project, We Still Don’t Trust You. Listeners and fans felt that the first album was filled with veiled shots at Drake, with the most direct attacks coming from guest Kendrick Lamar on “Like That.”
(Lamar, in his verse, also called out J. Cole, who responded to the Compton artist with “7 Minute Drill.” Cole swiftly apologized for the diss track and removed it from digital streaming platforms.)
The insults seemed to continue on We Still Don’t Trust You, with Future and Metro Boomin recruiting more Drake collaborators, such as J. Cole, the Weeknd, and A$AP Rocky, for the album.
After “Like That,” Lamar and Drake found themselves embroiled in a heated feud, going back and forth with diss tracks. Drake first responded to “Like That” with “Push Ups.” Before Lamar could answer, Drake taunted the Californian with “Taylor Made Freestyle,” a track that used artificial intelligence technology to concoct verses with voices that sounded like 2Pac and Snoop Dogg. It resulted in a cease-and-desist letter from 2Pac’s estate, and Drake pulled his diss from his social media pages.
After the two disses, Lamar fired back at Drake on “Euphoria” and “6:16 in LA.” The musician behind For All the Dogs shared his retort, “Family Matters,” on the night of May 3, and Lamar waited less than an hour to share his own response, the vicious “Meet the Grahams.” He piled on with the upbeat “Not Like Us” before Drake could reply with “The Heart Part 6.”
The diss songs stopped with “The Heart Part 6,” but Lamar celebrated his apparent beef victory with the Pop Out concert in Inglewood, California. He also taunted Drake in the “Not Like Us” music video.
And, while Lamar was Drake’s primary target across his diss songs, the Canadian musician also had choice words for Future and Metro Boomin, among others. On “Family Matters,” for example, he called out Future with the line, “Pluto shit make me sick to my stomach, we ain’t never really been through it,” and followed it up with a Metro Boomin diss: “Leland Wayne, he a fuckin’ lame, so I know he had to be an influence.”
Mixtape Pluto will be the first solo Future release since April 2022’s, I Never Liked You, an album that housed the Drake-featuring, Grammy-winning single “Wait for U.”
All products featured on Pitchfork are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.
More From Pitchfork
Events
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment