Getty Images
BLACKPINK’s Jennie Kim has done it again! The songstress stunned at the 2024 Met Gala on Monday, May 6, which serves as her second-ever time at fashion’s biggest night. Keep scrolling to see photos of her look!
The BLACKPINK member glowed in an electric blue cut-out dress. Last year, she also went for a simple look, and wore a black and white Chanel fit.
ICYMI, the K-pop singer debuted as a member of the South Korean girl group BLACKPINK in August 2016 under the music label YG Entertainment. Jennie is often referred to as “Human Chanel” by South Korea outlets for her affinity to the brand, as well as being the fashion house’s brand ambassador for years.
“I remember when I was little, I look through my mother’s wardrobe, and search for whatever vintage Chanel I could find,” Jennie told Elle Magazine in January 2019.
The 2023 Met Gala’s theme is inspired by German fashion designer, Karl Lagerfeld. He was best known as the creative director of Chanel, a position he held from 1983 until his death in February 2019. As Jennie has been an ambassador for Chanel for years, she formed a close bond to Karl prior to his passing.
Fun fact: Jennie was also the last house ambassador chosen by Karl prior to his death for Chanel.
Following Karl’s passing, Jennie posted a photo of the fashion legend along a heartwarming message. “Thank you for sharing your intelligence and generosity with the world, truly a legend. We will remember and appreciate your existence forever.”
Jennie became the first BLACKPINK member to debut solo in November 2018, with the aptly named song “SOLO.” On top of that, the singer-songwriter is set to make her acting debut in HBO’s The Idol in 2023, which was cocreated by Euphoria creator Sam Levinson, The Weeknd and Reza Fahim. 
Scroll through our gallery to uncover photos of Jennie’s full look. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 4
Getty Images
Loving the electric blue vibe.
2 of 4
Getty Images
Jennie showed off her abs to fashion’s biggest night (abs she should).
3 of 4
Getty Images
Loving these matching shoes.
4 of 4
Getty Images
How is she real?
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved