Tonight on "American Idol," after last night's nation-wide vote, host Ryan Seacrest announces your Top 10 finalists. Then, judges Luke Bryan, Katy Perry and Lionel Richie save four contestants to round out Season 22's Top 14.
Below, follow with our live blog for "American Idol 22" Episode 11 airing Monday, April 15 (8:00 p.m. - 11:00 p.m. ET/PT).
SEE 'American Idol 22' predictions: Now YOU can predict who will win and who'll be voted out next
8:07 p.m. -- Quintavious is first called up and learns he has not made the Top 14 yet. He tries to convince the judges with a rendition of "Make it Happen" by Mariah Carey. He throws in the whistle note and everything, praying he'll get the judges on his side. Luke says it's the best performance they've seen from him yet. Quintavious walks off to the danger zone to hear his fate.
8:10 p.m. -- Next up is McKenna Faith Breinholt. She has been voted into the Top 14 and celebrates with another rendition of the song she auditioned with, "Tumbleweed" by Nowhere Man and a Whiskey Girl. There's no piano tonight, just McKenna at the mic.
8:18 p.m. -- Jordan Anthony is next to learn his fate, and American has not voted him through. He sings "Attention" by Charlie Puth, trying to get the attention of the judges. Katy says she is surprised he didn't get the votes to make it through and calls this Jordan's best performance so far.
8:21 p.m. -- Jack Blocker is next and Ryan informs him he's in the Top 14. He celebrates with a relaxed performance of "Feeling Whitney" by Post Malone.
8:25 p.m. -- Next it's Kennedy Reid's turn and she learns she hasn't made the Top 14. She hopes to win over the judges with "Somethin' Bad" by Miranda Lambert. I like the transformation she's had this season, but she's probably reached the end of the road. Lionel says she performed like a winner despite what America said.
8:33 p.m. -- Jennifer Jeffries is next to learn her fate, and America has not voted her through. She sings "All I Want" by Kodaline to convince the judges to save her. Luke is surprised she wasn't voted through, but no matter what happens she's "going to go on and have some special stuff."
8:38 p.m. -- Ajii is next up and he didn't get voted through either! It's a rough night out here. To earn his spot he sings "Call Out My Name" by The Weeknd. It didn't quite have the energy as some of his previous performances, but Katy calls it "excellent."
8:46 p.m. -- Next up Mia Matthews learns she has been voted into the Top 14. Just for fun she sings "Burning House" by Cam. She's come a long way in a short time in this competition.
8:49 p.m. -- It's Kayko's turn to sing, but before he takes the stage Ryan informs him he's in the Top 14! Tonight Kayko is singing is original song "What If?" We've heard this before, but it's a good song so I don't mind hearing it again. Still...this isn't the most exciting episode.
9:00 p.m. -- Next to center stage is Nya, who is not in the Top 14. Really? Come on, America. Tonight she sings "Water" by Tyla. This is the first time I've heard what she would sound like as a contemporary artist and I'm lovin' it! Lionel says, "Way to switch it up," and loves her attitude. He pleads with America to "rethink the situation."
9:02 p.m. -- Will Moseley is out next and it's no surprise America has voted him into the Top 14. He performs his chart-topping original song "Gone For Good."
9:10 p.m. -- Next up is Abi Carter, who learns that America has voted her into the Top 14. In celebration she sings her rendition of "My Mind" by Yebba.
9:15 p.m. -- Next is another Platinum Ticket winner, Odell Bunton Jr., but he is heading for the danger zone. He'll have to win over the judges with his performance of "Wait on You" by Elevation Worship and Maverick City Music. Luke says he's happy so much gospel has been sung over the past couple nights because he can tell his pastor he can go to church.
9:23 p.m. -- Kaibrienne struggled last night, but that didn't stop America from voting her into the Top 14. Tonight she's singing "Zombie" by The Cranberries.
9:26 p.m. -- Next up is Mackenzie Sol who learns he did not make the Top 14. In hopes of winning over the judges he sings "False Alarms" by Lawrence. This is a terrible song choice when his life in this competition is on the line. Still, the judges are standing.
9:30 p.m. -- Emmy Russell is next and Ryan lets her know she's in the Top 14. In celebration she'll take it back to her original audition song, "Skinny."
9:38 p.m. -- The next contestant to hear the news is Julia Gagnon. She has made it into the Top 14 and she celebrates with "Need a Favor" by Jelly Roll.
9:42 p.m. -- Next is Jayna Elise who learns she's heading into the danger zone. Hoping to win over the judges she'll belt out "All I Wanted" by Paramore. Lionel says the crowd reaction speaks for itself.
9:51 p.m. -- The last person voted into the Top 14 is Triston Harper. He takes the stage to enjoy a performance of "'Til You Can't" by Cody Johnson.
9:54 p.m. -- Last up tonight is Roman Collins and we know he's sing for his life. With "It's a Man's Man's Man's World" by James Brown, can Roman take the judges by storm? Katy's holding her dress together as she says, "That song broke my top off!" Luke says every time Roman steps on the stage he brings everybody out of their seats.
10:00 p.m. -- The judges have deliberated and decided to save four contestants: Jayna Elise, Jordan Anthony, Nya and Roman Collins. That means we say goodbye to Platinum Ticket winner Odell Bunton Jr., Ajii, Jennifer Jeffries, Mackenzie Sol, Kennedy Reid and Quintavious.
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on ABC. You'll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our "American Idol" leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
SIGN UP for Gold Derby’s free newsletter with latest predictions
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media