Selena Gomez has plenty to celebrate this year: She announced her engagement to record producer Benny Blanco on Wednesday and hit billionaire status in September.
Beginning with her acting career at the age of 10 — when she starred on the show "Barney & Friends" — to launching Rare Beauty, her beauty brand that Bloomberg valued at over $2 billion, Gomez has taken on many roles. In September, Bloomberg reported that her estimated net worth had reached $1.3 billion.
In addition to her contributions to pop culture and business, though, Gomez has also built an impressive real-estate portfolio throughout her career by investing in several homes across the US.Here's every property Selena Gomez has owned.
Riding on the wave of her success as the lead in Disney's "Wizards of Waverly Place," the singer bought a luxurious six-bedroom, nine-bathroom California home from comedian Jonah Hill in 2011, Architectural Digest reported.
Hill, who had bought the home in 2010, sold it to Gomez, then 19, via her parents and "a trust linked to Hill's father" for $2.175 million, Today.com reported.
Curbed reported that the 6,630-square-foot home was built in 1956 and included an attached guest house and several resort-like amenities, such as a swimming pool, a yoga studio, a spa, an outdoor kitchen, and even a full-sized basketball court.
The "Who Says" singer made several modifications to the home, replacing the original rugs and furnishings with updated upholstery and chandeliers and adding a media room.
Gomez sold the house in 2014 to then-couple Iggy Azalea and Nick Young for $3.45 million.
For her next real-estate purchase, Gomez chose a $3.69 million 7,700-square-foot mansion in Calabasas, a neighborhood that's been home to celebrities including Kim Kardashian, Miley Cyrus, and Justin Bieber.
The five-bedroom, six-bathroom home was among Mureau Estates' 11 luxury villas, part of a big, private gated community. The main home, per House Beautiful, featured five fireplaces, a gym, a movie theater, and even an underground wine cellar.
Its outdoor courtyard was surrounded by manicured lawns and had everything one could imagine at an A-lister's poolside, from a dining cabana and a brick pizza oven to a spa and an elephant-shaped topiary.
However, as Teen Vogue reported, the singer decided to pack up again in 2015 after facing serious security issues and an incident of a stalker trespassing.
In 2016, she sold the home to rapper French Montana for $3.3 million.
Located a few miles from her childhood home in Grand Prairie, Gomez bought a sprawling 10,016-square-foot manor in Fort Worth around the time she was undergoing treatment for lupus disease.
Built in 2005, this five-bedroom, 6 1/2-bathroom residence had high ceilings, a stone fireplace in the living room, a game room, an eight-seat movie theater, and a pool with a waterslide.
In 2016, the singer put the Texan pad on the market for $3.499 million, later lowering her asking price to $2.7 million, which is what it finally sold for in 2018.
After a brief stay in Texas, the "Lose You to Love Me" singer returned to California.
Gomez purchased the 3,188-square-foot Studio City cottage shortly after publicly announcing her relationship with The Weeknd and while recovering from her kidney transplant surgery.
Nestled amid 20-foot-high hedges, this ultra-private three-bedroom, 2 1/2-bathroom LA pad was dotted with pops of color and life-affirming art pieces.
In addition to the cottage, the property also had a guest house with a living room and a yoga studio, as well as a pool, a spa, and a patio. Other highlights included a chef's kitchen with skylights, a dining room with French doors, and an office with a fireplace.
Gomez did not live here for long, either, selling it for $2.368 million in 2020.
After spending some quarantine time in her LA studio, the "Rare" singer moved into this impressive 11,483-square-foot Encino estate in 2020, where she currently resides with her grandparents.
The six-bedroom, 10-bathroom 1989 home was once the residence of singer Tom Petty and his first wife, Jane Benyo. In a 2020 interview with radio host Zane Lowe, Gomez spoke fondly of her new home, sharing that she frequently thought of Petty when working in the music studio.
"There's so much history, so when I'm in that zone, I feel like it's very special," she told Lowe.
The California home has high ceilings and incredible canyon views. It also has a skylight living room, a wine cellar, and, of course, a large swimming pool.
Gomez has also been spotted at now-fiancé Benny Blanco's LA home and frequently switches between the East and West Coasts for her work.
Gomez moved to New York to work on the first season of Hulu's hit series "Only Murders in the Building." But her Upper East Side residence is so private that there's no publicly available information about it.
The city's anonymity is one of the things that appeals to the singer. Another is all the "Jewish grandmas" in her neighborhood, she said in a 2023 interview with Rolling Stone.
She added that she has the best schedule in New York City.
"I have my system there," she said. "I have my workouts there, I have my coffee spots there. I get to walk and breathe there and be inspired by New York City and the people and the life there."
Jump to