Dead & Company’s epic three-month run at the Sphere in Las Vegas wraps up this weekend; next month the Eagles will swoop in for a six-weekend residency set to run through November. As musical events, the “Dead Forever” shows were proof of this long-running band’s ability to surprise even diehard fans; set-list plot twists have included Mickey Hart spitting red-hot bars during “Fire On the Mountain” and—as of last weekend—an injured John Mayer ripping double-black-diamond solos without the use of his index finger. But the Sphere run has also been a showcase for the capabilities of the Sphere itself, thanks to the immersive video content that explodes across the venue’s 64,000 LED tiles at each performance, blending history and hallucination, bleeding-edge tech and nostalgic iconography, motorcycle-riding skeletons and multitudes of dancing bears. The narrative shape of the show—a deep-space voyage that becomes a time-hopping journey through the Grateful Dead’s back pages, with stops at cosmic nexus points like the Haight-Ashbury, Giza, and the field house at Cornell—came from Mayer, who acted as creative lead on behalf of the rest of the band, channeling the recollections of his Dead & Company bandmates Bob Weir and Mickey Hart and his own memories of immersive thrill rides like Disney/Lucasfilm's '80s spaceflight simulator Star Tours.
But to execute these ideas, Mayer worked with a team headed by creative director Sam Pattinson, co-founder of the London-based creative agency Treatment Studio. It’s the company’s second excursion into Sphere-space; Treatment also created the visuals for U2’s Sphere residency, overseen by Pattinson’s partner Willie Williams, who’s been working with Bono & co. for over 40 years. Treatment’s other recent credits include the Rolling Stones’ Hackney Diamonds tour, Adele’s residency at the Colosseum at Caesar’s Palace, Elton John’s 2022 Dodger Stadium concert, the Weeknd’s Amazon special Dawn FM Experience, and Mayer’s own 2023 solo tour; Mayer and Pattinson have been designing shows together since 2013. When I spoke to Mayer about “Dead Forever” back in June, he described the crunch-time creative process that birthed the show as a series of long nights. “Sometimes,” he said, “you can show yourself how much you love something by how much you’re willing to go without sleep for it. So, credit to Treatment, who were there much longer than I was, running on so little sleep, going up to the beginning of the show and beyond.”
A few weeks after that conversation, I talked to Sam Pattinson about the evolution (or lack thereof) of the live-concert experience, the challenges and advantages of creating content for a venue like the Sphere, and where Dead & Company’s live show goes from here.
You started out making music videos. How did you go from that to producing live shows?
The first thing I ever did was a documentary, with a man called Adam Smith who did visuals for the Chemical Brothers. We did a documentary together about these guys who reenacted the Vietnam War in Kent in England on Sunday afternoons. They dressed up as Viet Cong and G.I.s and so on. And then we started up Treatment, and we started making music videos for Death in Vegas, Stereo MCs, Faithless, people like that, and at the same time doing [live] shows. My first proper taste of production, commercial production, was music videos.
I took videos and commercials more seriously than the live-show work that I'd been doing. It's difficult to explain, but I thought [videos were] more grown-up. I thought doing shows was easy, and we should move on and try and do other things. But, having tried other things, it became very clear that the show work was much more interesting—not particularly better paid but more stable somehow, and much more varied in terms of the production and the whole process. And the reaction [was] very visceral and immediate—that spontaneous thing, of being with an audience. I think I just needed to go and punish myself with music videos and so on to really appreciate how great it is to build shows. It became very clear to me that that's what I wanted to do.
The music video stuff—I think I overvalued it somehow. It was over-important to me. When we were kids, music videos meant so much—“Thriller,” or whatever it was. That’s the way we saw a lot of our music. But [in making videos] you're dealing with corporations, really. You're dealing with record labels and commissioners, and [there’s] no money. The whole process wasn't much fun. And then in terms of the response and everything, you could do a video that was successful, but there’s a very different payoff in live design and live production. I think [the] Dead and Co. [Sphere show] is sort of the epitome of that. I've never seen such a visceral reaction of grown men being overjoyed, than when we take off from San Francisco and there's a great song playing and there [Dead & Co.] are on stage.
The first big concert I ever went to was in 1992—the “Outside Broadcast” leg of U2’s Zoo TV tour, a show your partner Willie Williams designed. I'd never seen anything like it, and neither had anyone else—just this amazing multimedia assault, with all these video screens. People thought this was the future of rock shows, and in a sense it was, because it created this bag of tricks you see at concerts to this day. The giant video screens. The little platform where the artist can walk out into the crowd to create a different vibe. The moment of the show where they blast the whole crowd with ultra-bright lights. And so on.
There are exceptions, obviously—U2 have continually pushed the envelope, and certain artists, like Kanye and Bjork and David Byrne, keep on finding ways to reinvent the form—but overall it doesn’t feel like live-concert presentation has evolved that much since the ‘90s. The Sphere obviously opens up a lot of new possibilities in terms of what you can do with a live show. Was it obvious right away, when you started hearing about this venue, that this was going to be a leap forward?
We'd done some consultancy work for The Sphere when it was being built, during Covid, [which was] really about how you apply an existing tour or show to the Sphere. It became very apparent that you have to remake the production to fit that [space.] You can save money on lighting and this and that, but you have to spend more money on content. So we'd been through that process already, and we were familiar with the space, but we hadn't seen it, and I'd really questioned how it would work as a performance space because in retrospect, I didn't really understand it.
When U2 committed to being the first band [to play the Sphere], they got more of a runup than we did on Dead and Co. I wasn't involved with U2 in the same way—that was Willie leading that and Lizzie Pocock producing, as she did with the Dead & Co. show as well. They worked through the technical aspects of it, designed the system to play the video, worked out the workflow—they did all that. We had all that knowledge of how this worked technically, not in terms of just playing out onto the screen, but how we built content and delivered that content—because [you’re dealing with] just enormous files, as you can imagine. And also Willie learned so much about how the space worked creatively, so we had a running start when we went into Dead & Co.
But it just doesn't matter until you get in there and start working in there. And it is a very exciting prospect—it's a new offering in [the live-music] world, which can be quite stagnant. So I think the creative challenge was really wonderful. Once we got in there and started learning things and breaking some of the creative rules that have been made already, trying new things out, it just became this really amazing experience. You're given this extraordinary canvas. It felt like being at art school again—it was this very immediate, spontaneous, energized process of having ideas and making 'em stick and making 'em work. Yeah, it was a really wonderful challenge.
I read somewhere that the U2 show took 18 months to produce. When I talked to John Mayer he was pretty sure the earliest conversation he had about the possibility of a Sphere show was last November. The show opened on May 16th of this year. That’s a very different time frame. Obviously, as you said, you walked in with a knowledge base and some processes in place, but getting the Dead & Co. show together has to have been a race against time.
Absolutely. I’d gone to see one of the U2 shows with John in November, which was the first time he’d seen [the Sphere.] And the first group briefing with John—I think maybe it was the beginning of December. So that really gave us five months, five and a half months—with Christmas in the way and all the rest of it. We were well equipped, but what was key, alongside everything else we’ve just discussed, was that John absolutely had the concept for the show down. It wasn't like, maybe we could do this or that. He knew exactly what the show would be—the whole concept of it, the historic connection, the idea of this universe that we travel through, whether we're going to Egypt or some abstract place or [looking at] begonias or footage of mountain-scapes and so on.
Were there rules established with the U2 show that you found yourself consciously breaking in the Dead & Co. show?
Yeah, absolutely. I think we allowed ourselves to really question everything that we learned on U2. One of the big ones is, [there was] serious doubt about being able to use [the Sphere] as a television or a cinema screen and show edited work, with hard cuts between different scenes or different perspectives. That was something we felt might not work, because it might be overpowering for the audience, an unpleasant change of image.
Right. It could break the spell, in some way.
Absolutely. For the U2 show, Willie created these incredible environments, and there was a locked camera and things moved towards you, or you watched the scene deconstruct and change, or you flew over things, and it was seamless—there was no interruption. We do the same thing in the Dead & Co show, but once we realized you could also show edited footage as you would for any other broadcast, it really opened up a few things for us.
There’s a bit of that in the sequence with the Uncle Sam skeleton, right?
The Uncle Sam journey has that, yeah. We do massive cuts to the side view and above and other things like that. And it's not too choppy. It didn't work for everything because it sort of breaks the illusion when you want that illusion, but you don't always need that. And if you're showing a goofy cartoon, you don't have to. At times we did want to make the audience feel like they were in the same space as the cartoon. But yeah—that was a big one for me.
The opening of the show gives you a sense of the actual shape and volume of the Sphere, but by changing what’s happening on the screens, you’re able to create the illusion that the shape of the room has changed. There are moments where your eye convinces your brain that you’re in a tunnel or a silo, or that the room has actually become a tall rectangular space.
It's incredibly effective, isn't it? Willie came up with that for the U2 show, with the lines of numbers [during “The Fly.”] I think he had a process where he realized the difference between [the Sphere] and other things we’d experimented with at Treatment, in terms of immersive spaces, was the lack of corners. Introducing corners to the space—you’d think it absolutely wouldn’t work, and it’s so effective. So things like the tunnel [effect] and the other spatial tricks you can do with this room, I think, will be a constant in these shows, because it’s out there now and it’s so effective.
It’s such a huge part of the experience, and it’s also the part of the experience that you really can’t grasp unless you’re seeing it in person. People are constantly filming and taking photos during the show, but it’s really hard to capture the spatial stuff in a cell-phone video.
You can’t. It’s like when you put a VR headset on—your brain knows it’s being tricked. Your brain’s trying to compensate and you wear yourself out. Whereas, when you go into the Sphere, because of the scale of it and the distance and the resolution, even though it's so alien and so strange, your brain can understand it. It makes sense. It's like going into a cathedral for the first time, isn't it? The biggest cathedral you could imagine. This unimaginable space.
Was there anything that you wanted to do in this show but ultimately couldn’t execute, either because of timing or because it just didn’t work?
It wasn’t until we got into the room that we really understood what we’d been doing for the last four months. And we got in there three weeks before [the show opened], and we were pleasantly surprised that most of it worked better than we'd hoped, which was obviously a great relief. There was one piece that didn't make it. There was an idea John had about a landscape, and I really pushed to raise the horizon line high, much higher than it should be naturally. And it just didn't work and I kept trying it and it was strangely oppressive and unbalanced and sort of heavy [compared to] the rest of the show, which is so light and fun. It would have really changed the energy in the room, more radically than you’d think. In the show we keep the horizon line sympathetic to the audience, and when we [raised] it, so that we were looking up at it, it created this weight, this very negative energy.
It’s interesting—the Sphere gives you all these new ways to mess with people’s visual experience, and therefore with their emotional experience. It’s like you have access to different parts of people’s brains than you would as a filmmaker, where you’re confined to a rectangular visual field. And you discover things, like the fact that moving the horizon line past a certain point becomes emotionally upsetting to people.
I wasn’t expecting that to be an issue. It’s interesting, this whole immersive world we’re getting into. VR doesn’t quite do it yet. The resolution isn’t there. It's not particularly pleasant experience. The smaller [VR] projection rooms are great, but they’ve got corners. And what Madison Square Garden have done with the Sphere is to create a truly immersive space, even if you're surrounded by seating. And we’ve learned a lot about that. We've had a lot of good ideas and we've found really interesting ways to use it, both immersively—in terms of perspective, creating spaces, perceived spaces and so on—and also using it as television. But I think we’ve just scratched the surface. As more and more people get in there and have better ideas, I think that we'll just see more interesting ways to create an effective experience for the audience, something very visceral and very natural and very sort of basic, but—I think—very new.
There’s a lot of simulated movement in this show. John told me that there were certain movements that threw people off—that if the room seemed to be tilting on a certain axis it made people uncomfortable.
It’s true. We were really worried about making people ill or making 'em fall over or making it unpleasant. There’s a test Sphere space in Burbank, which is a quarter size, so it's still huge, and you could go and test your content and so on. So we saw a lot of the early tests. It was also low resolution so we could render it quickly. And some of it was just really unpleasant to watch. And I think that worried us generally. So we were quite cautious about that. We had endless conversations about How does this make you feel? And half the room felt fine and the other half felt dizzy or nauseous. So it was really down to the individual.
But at the end of it, what we realized when we started doing the shows, is that the audience absolutely adored any sense of motion or any sense of a rollercoaster ride. Any sort of physical effect like that they really enjoyed. And I think we'd pulled it back too far. So gradually we've started putting more motion in. There's only so far you can go with that before it does have a negative impact. I think in a way it was like building a roller coaster and being [too] worried about the people that wanted to go on the roller coaster. They’re there for a reason.
For many, many people, getting high was always part of the ritual of a Dead show, and that’s carried over to the Dead & Co. experience. When you were creating the show—and particularly when you were figuring out how hard to push the simulated “movement” of the room—was there much discussion of the fact that a lot of people in the audience would likely be in an altered state of consciousness?
That was a consideration, absolutely. There's a point in the show where we [assume] people have reached a certain level of intoxication, when everything's taking effect, you know what I mean? It's halfway through the first half or whatever it is. But again, I think that added to it. I think the more stoned they were, the more they wanted that [movement]. It's certainly not something anyone’s complained about.
How has the show evolved over the course of the run? Are people at the August shows seeing content that didn't exist back in May?
It goes back to the Grateful Dead culture, this thing about fans going and seeing three shows in one weekend. With the residency and people traveling to Vegas and ticket prices and so on, the band absolutely wanted to offer people a different experience at each show. One of the first instructions from [the band] was to create 30 to 40% more content than they could play in a [given] show. That way we could swap new stuff in [over the] three nights [each] weekend. We ended up creating five and a half hours worth [of content]—there was this creative explosion with John and the team and with Bob and Mickey, and just all these ideas.
So we had a lot of ammunition. The shows were actually a lot more varied than we'd originally planned, more [varied] than the band had asked for. So that had worked out really well. Also, when they started [adding] more shows into the summer and July and August and so on, they were very clear that they wanted more content. They wanted to offer more to the audience, new experiences and new moments and keep the show evolving. So we've been working on content since the beginning of the run in May, and we've delivered some new content for the July and August shows, to keep the show alive and to keep it moving and breathing.
Bob Weir has suggested that the next step for a show like this is a scenario where the visual elements respond in real time to what the musicians are doing onstage from moment to moment. Is that the next frontier, in your mind? Some kind of live thing where the musicians are actually manipulating what we’re looking at?
I think he’s right. At Treatment, we learned a long time ago that it's not enough to make the pictures. We've always embraced technology. So we started using Disguise, which is a [real-time synchronization] video server—we got that very early on, on the Vertigo tour for U2, which was a game changer. That's evolved into this amazing piece of equipment. Or things like Notch, where we can affect live camera feeds and create animation. We've worked with them and [Notch founder] Matt Swoboda, since its inception. I think we did a real time rendered show for Kasabian in 2016, so we've always pushed that. One of the asks from Dead and Co was from Mickey's section. So the technology's there, and it's been there for a while, and there are certain people making it and they're just honing it and it's getting better and better and more controllable.
In the old days you'd have an effects box. You could affect [the image on the video screen] and make it crunchy, or you could make it solarized. You could do these very sort of routine effects, whereas now we can take a bit of the content that's being played on screen and apply that to the camera feed somehow. So there's a harmonious thing, this cohesion between the two. So that's getting better and better all the time. I mean the trick is not to overuse it once you've got a new toy to play with. Don't rinse it out, try and use it subtly. With Dead & Co., for Mickey’s section, “Drums,” Mickey had very clear ideas of what he wanted. Different backdrops and this footage that we were going to work with.
I've been interested in kaleidoscopes, and we saw a Las Vegas based artist called Brett Bolton who works with this software Notch. He worked on U2 and has done lots of projects with us over the years, and he created this whole [kaleidoscope] experience with “Drums.” We've got this live feed of Mickey's performance, and we’ve scanned Mickey's drum collection—or part of it. He's got a thousand drums and we scanned about 80 drums, [using] photogrammetry. So we had these incredible models that Brett then applied to his animation. He hooked up the actual drums with a MIDI signal, so the drum on the screen would light up [when you hit it.] And the whole thing was live. It’s real-time rendered, all through Notch.
It’s a very full, rich piece. We’re taking MIDI signals, we're taking triggers from the instruments, from Mickey, so he's controlling what's going on in the video, as well as Brett manipulating things live and following the musical performance. So that was really successful and it was something that Bob and John had been interested in and we hadn't got around to it to sort of do something with their instruments or their singing or the rest of the band. I can't say too much, but that's something we’re really looking at now and I think it's something that the audience will see in the show. We're getting into real-time rendering, this immediate thing that that's going to be much more versatile, flexible, spontaneous, and I think, ultimately, musical.
More From GQ
Connect
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. GQ may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices