Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The snubs, surprises, shake-ups and confusions as the TV industry careens toward the mid-September kudofest.

							By 

	Lacey Rose

Writer-At-Large

	And we’re back. 

	Just six months after Fox aired the strike-delayed, wildly anticlimactic, 75th Emmy awards, ABC is prepping for the 76th.



	Earlier today, the TV Academy revealed the 2024 Emmy nominees, who will convene on Sept. 15 at the Peacock Theater in Downtown Los Angeles. The telecast, which will air live on both coasts, will celebrate programming and performances that aired between June 1, 2023 and May 31, 2024. We’ll have plenty of time to debate who should win, who will win (and who definitely will not) as the new crop of nominees returns to the campaign trail.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'SNL': Sabrina Carpenter Joins Quinta Brunson to Honor "Shorties"		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			








	In the meantime, let’s break down what just happened: the snubs, the surprises and what it all means for the big show.

	1. ABC has already revealed that Jesse Collins Entertainment will be returning as the Emmy night producer for the second consecutive year, but it has yet to name a host. The last three times ABC has carried the award show – the TV honors rotate between the networks, and the host network selects the emcee – its late-night pick, Jimmy Kimmel, doubled as its Emmy evening host. Kimmel is and always has been a great sport. I mean, he’s hosted the Oscars for ABC four times, he regularly wins upfront week with his gust-busting roast and, of course, he keeps re-upping his late night contract despite his hemming and hawing. God knows, a big, televised Hollywood event is likely to get Trump’s attention, which we know Kimmel enjoys… but he already declined. So, some others to consider: Jo Koy… I’M KIDDING. How about the Governors Awards hugely popular emcee John Mulaney? (*Yeah, I get it, that likely would have been an easier to pull off before he was snubbed.) Or what about ABC creator/star/all-around funny-woman Quinta Brunson (with or without her Abbott cast)? Or, you know, somebody less exciting.

	2. We know, we know, The Bear isn’t really a comedy. Certainly not one that anybody’s laughing about. But for Emmy purposes, it’s a comedy, and it just racked up a record-setting 23 nominations (the previous record holder was 30 Rock with 22). Now here’s where it gets confusing: the recently released, heavily debated third season of the FX series won’t be in contention until next year’s Emmys. Right now, TV Academy voters may be watching season three, but they’ll be voting on season two, which aired early last summer. You still with us? For what it’s worth, critics universally loved season two, which is the same season that won best comedy at the Golden Globes back in January. 

	










	3. Speaking of FX, the brand had a killer showing. Sure, it didn’t quite eclipse Netflix, but, frankly, given the size, scope and pockets of the streamer (with or without Survival of the Thickest), that would have been ludicrous. If you’re keeping track at home, Netflix scored 107 noms and FX had 93, thanks again to The Bear and a shrewd category shift to drama for Shogun. Oh, there was some long-overdue recognition for Indigenous comedy Reservation Dogs, too, which was famously snubbed for its first two, critically adored seasons. (Asked about those snubs back in 2022, creator Sterlin Harjo told THR: “There’s racism out there. Right? There’s not another explanation for it.”) Anyway, if you catch the FX trio — John, Nick or Gina — in the commissary, a congrats is in order. Now, Amazon’s Jen Salke, on the other hand, can’t be overly thrilled, so maybe avoid her on the soup line? Let’s get real: you don’t pour all that money into a Nicole Kidman miniseries (and then even more on its awards campaign) to see it get snubbed. 

	4. Well, the talk series category was *almost* interesting. If you weren’t paying attention, here’s your refresh. First, Hot Ones — yes, the popular YouTube show where stars are interviewed as they eat/scream/cry over increasingly spicy wings — successfully petitioned to be eligible in the category, which seemed fresh and exciting … until it was shut out. Then, it seemed like Mulaney’s Netflix experiment, John Mulaney Presents: Everybody’s in L.A, which aired a total of six (hilarious) episodes, had a real shot at competing with nightly shows like Jimmy Kimmel Live, Late Night with Seth Meyers and The Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Of course, had it been nominated, there would have been plenty of kvetching. After all, the nightly shows used to do a lot of that when they had to compete with John Oliver’s HBO show, Last Week Tonight, which airs weekly – or at least on the weeks it feels like airing. Anyway, it’s all moot now. The race is Jon vs Jimmy (Kimmel) vs. Seth vs. Stephen. Rinse and repeat.

	










	5. And now, let’s fill that void and do some bitching of our own. The Idol — yes, the Weeknd-fronted trainwreck that HBO sure hopes that you’ve forgotten — got nominated (in the category of choreography, but STILL), while The Curse and its Oscar-winning star Emma Stone was shut out entirely?! Turns out, it wasn’t a great day for Oscar winners. The Academy showed no love for Kidman or The Regime‘s Kate Winslet either. Also, while we’re at it: Dave Chappelle’s latest Netflix hour scored a variety special nom, but thought-provoking and insightful hours from Alex Edelman, Ramy Youssef and Jacqueline Novak only got writing nods? (Oh stop, I have nothing against writing nods. Those three deserve their writing nods, too. All. The. Awards.) Speaking of controversial comedy displays, Jerry Seinfeld’s (very) poorly reviewed pop tart movie, Unfrosted, got a nomination. So, there was that. 

	That’s enough. Happy voting. See you in September.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.