Last Updated on August 24, 2024 by Angel Melanson
Haunt season is just around the corner! We previously announced multiple new mazes this year, including an Insidious maze, A Quiet Place,and Universal Monsters: Eternal Bloodlines joining the Universal Studios' Halloween Horror Nights haunt lineup. Today we have the complete list of all eight mazes for 2024. The Halloween Horror Nights lineup for 2024 includes eight new haunted houses, a “reimagined” Terror Tram incorporating M3GAN, The Black Phone, Freaky, The Purge and Happy Death Day. Of course, we'll also be getting multiple scare zones and live entertainment. Let's take a look at that complete roster:
Halloween Horror Nights are coming to Universal Studios Hollywood on Thursday, September 5 and continuing on select nights through Sunday, November 3. 
The fun starts early (Friday, August 3) at Universal Orlando Resort. All event tickets for Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Hollywood are now on sale. Fans can get a jump-start on their Halloween Horror Nights gear with an all-new merchandise collection available for purchase now at Universal Orlando Resort and Universal Studios Hollywood, as well as online.
Stay tuned for our upcoming coverage of Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights Hollywood and Orlando!



Post Tags:

#2024 haunts
#events
#halloween
#halloween 2024
#halloween horror nights
#halloween horror nights 2024
#haunts
#universal studios hollywood halloween horror nights



Angel Melanson is the Digital Editor of FANGORIA.com. When she’s not running the website, you can find her acting as Fango’s resident online creep in various hosting capacities and occasionally writing for the magazine. A true nightmare come true.
Get weekly news, editorials, rare images from the Fango vault, special deals and more. It's like getting a mini of FANGORIA every week in your inbox.
The World's Best Horror and Cult Film Magazine Since 1979.
Required reading for the horror community.