Steve Lacy was the target of a Drake jab after the Canadian superstar appeared on a recent livestream event.
Drake continues to have one of the worst years in Hip-Hop after Kendrick Lamar handily dismantled his rival in a series of songs that reached a peak with the “Not Like Us” diss track. In a recent livestream, Drake lashed out at K-Dot’s fellow Compton native Steve Lacy by referring to him as a “fragile opp,” sparking the talented singer to lean into the jab hilariously. 
Earlier this week, Drake made an appearance on the Kick streaming channel of fellow Canadian and streamer, xQc. In the clips that surfaced online, the 6 God is continuing to lean into a defiant stance despite the several chinks his armor has taken since his public battle with Kendrick Lamar.
 


					Related Stories
				





Kanye West New Rant: J. Cole’s Not Real & Kendrick Fans Don’t Know Rap






Kendrick Lamar Leads 2025 AMAs Nominations






Kendrick Lamar AMA Takeover: From Compton To The Crown






During the stream, Steve Lacy, who Drake referred to as a “fragile opp,” caught a stray for reasons that one can assume are related to Lamar. This happened ahead of Drake throwing a shot at former collaborator The Weeknd and asking xQc to skip the singer’s “Starboy” song. Drizzy did, however, say that Lacy’s track was, quote, a “good song.”
Taking to Instagram, Lacy embraced the petty and trolled Drake for the “fragile opp” bar before asking his legion of fans which one of them wanted the title, effectively taking all the sting out of the insult.
Check out Steve Lacy firing back at Drake’s “fragile opp” shot below.
—
Photo: Getty


Steve Lacy Hilariously Flips Drake’s “Fragile Opp” Jab 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Win $125 + Tickets to Key Glock AND Tyler the Creator!								

									2025 Cincinnati Music Festival Lineup Announced								

									Text Club Terms								

									Country Meat Co. Marketplace Becomes the 1st Black-Owned Grocer in Cincinnati								

									WIZ Prom Crashers - Submit Your High School Today!								

									The Banks Goes 21+ on Weekend Nights Amid Safety Concerns								

									Who is Skai Jackson's Boyfriend "Yerkky Yerkky"?								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.