By GLENN THOMAS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:13, 20 July 2024   |  Updated:  01:34, 20 July 2024   
 62
View  comments
Lily-Rose Depp is coming in red-hot with her latest summer outing.
The Idol star, 25, showed some skin in an off-the-shoulder red top on Friday as she stepped out with girlfriend 070 Shake for lunch at an Ethiopian restaurant in Los Angeles.
She paired the short-sleeved heart printed top with some faded jeans and some blush open-toe heels.
Depp finished the ensemble with a thin pair of black sunglasses and gold hoop earrings, wearing her hair in a clip.
Her rapper girlfriend, 27, donned a printed t-shirt and black pinstripe trousers with matching creeper shoes.
Lily-Rose Depp showed some skin in an off-the-shoulder red top on Friday as she stepped out with girlfriend 070 Shake for lunch at an Ethiopian restaurant in Los Angeles
She paired the short-sleeved heart printed top with some faded jeans and some blush open-toe heels. Depp finished the ensemble with a thin pair of black sunglasses and gold hoop earrings, wearing her hair in a clip
Depp began dating Shake (born Danielle Balbuena) in January 2023, making their relationship Instagram official on their four-month anniversary.
The Tusk actress shared a photo of them kissing, writing, '4 months w my crush.'
On the couple's first anniversary in January, Depp shared a sweet photo of herself and the Modus Vivendi artist.
'My Dani my forever,' she wrote with a photo of the two of them embracing. 
Depp is preparing to promote the upcoming Robert Eggers-helmed remake of 1992's Nosferatu, also starring Bill Skarsgård, Nicholas Hoult, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Emma Corrin and Willem Dafoe.
She stars in the gothic horror as Ellen Hutter, a haunted young woman who becomes the object of affection for the vampire Count Orlock (Skarsgård).   
When the trailer dropped in November, Eggers, 41, raved that 'Lily-Rose is absolutely phenomenal' and this remake of the tale is 'even more Ellen's story than previous versions.'
The movie comes a year after her HBO series The Idol was cancelled after one season, when many labeled it as 'torture porn.'
Despite criticisms of the show's exploitative content, Depp said that everything 'was quite lighthearted' on set.
Depp began dating Shake (born Danielle Balbuena) in January 2023, making their relationship Instagram official on their four-month anniversary
Depp is preparing to promote the upcoming Robert Eggers-helmed remake of 1992's Nosferatu, also starring Bill Skarsgård, Nicholas Hoult, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Emma Corrin and Willem Dafoe
'I don't think anybody went full method – nobody lost their minds,' she told Entertainment Weekly.
'Well, sometimes when [The Weeknd] would get – I don't want to reveal too much about where Abel's character goes, but when he would be in full Tedros mode sometimes, I would steer clear of him, I'd be like, ''He's in his zone right now.''
'For something that does, of course, explore darker themes and has some pretty heavy emotional moments to it and everything, the vibe on set was quite lighthearted,' she added.  
Nosferatu premieres Dec. 25 in theaters. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group