By Mike Fleming Jr 
Co-Editor-in-Chief, Film

CAA has added Cheryl Paglierani, a top music touring agent, and a client list that includes Post Malone, 21 Savage and Dominic Fike. Paglierani, who’d been at CAA once before, leaves UTA, where she was a partner. She’d also been an agent at WMA back in the day and worked at The Agency Group. 

	Paglierani is a strong player in the music space and also signed Flo Mili, Jessie Murp and others. She was named twice to Billboard’s “Power 100” list and has been recognized on Billboard’s “Hip Hop Power List” for the past five years. This year, she was named to both Pollstar’s “Women of Live” and “Impact 50” lists. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	Agencies
	



	
		
					CAA Signs Harry Jowsey From 'Dancing With The Stars' & 'Too Hot To Handle'		
			















	News
	



	
		
					CAA Launches Family Office Advisory Practice Led By Industry Vet Julie Zorn		
			







	21 Savage recently finished a 30-date North American amphitheater tour that sold over 140,000 tickets and will be headlining a number of festivals this summer across Europe including Wireless, Roskilde, Splash! and Frauenfeld. She began working with Post Malone from very early in his career and throughout his development to becoming a worldwide superstar. Post Malone has had the No. 1 song for the past five weeks with his recent country release with Morgan Wallen of “I Had Some Help,” ahead of Post Malone’s forthcoming country project F-1 Trillion, due out August 16.  He’s also done well in film roles including the Doug Liman-directed Road House and Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse. 




			Watch on Deadline		






	“We are thrilled to welcome Cheryl to CAA,” said Darryl Eaton and Rick Roskin, Co-Heads of Global Touring. “Cheryl has a deep understanding of artists and how they envision their careers, and she brings the expertise and tenacity to help make them a reality. Her acumen, experience, and character will make her an outstanding member of our team.” 

	“It’s an incredible feeling to return to CAA,” said Paglierani. “I’m excited to work with this extremely talented and driven team. I’ve been lucky to call so many of them friends for years and can’t wait to hit the ground running together.” 

	“Cheryl is highly respected in the music industry for her ability to identify and elevate emerging talent and foster the careers of superstars,” said CAA’s co-chairman and CEO Bryan Lourd. “Today’s announcement underscores the strength and momentum of CAA’s touring business and also speaks to the agency’s ongoing commitment to helping develop the careers of next-generation artists.” 

	










	CAA’s touring clients include, among many others, The Weeknd, Ariana Grande, Harry Styles, Katy Perry, Lana Del Rey, Dua Lipa, John Mayer, Doja Cat, Rüfüs Du Sol, Jelly Roll, Kelly Clarkson, Blink-182, Kelsea Ballerini, Peso Pluma, Lady Gaga, Bruce Springsteen, Trevor Noah and the Red Hot Chili Peppers. CAA has booked more than 38,000 shows over the last year. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.