Selena Gomez’s houses over the years have mostly been located in California, where she began her real estate journey in 2011. She has mostly stayed put on the West Coast ever since, with a couple of notable exceptions. However, a new marital home might be in the cards soon—the actor and singer announced her engagement to music producer Benny Blanco in an Instagram post last week, captioned “forever begins now.” The news doesn’t come as much of a surprise for those paying attention to the downright adorable things that the couple, who began dating in June 2023, have had to say about each other. “I don’t know a world where it could be better than this,” Blanco said of the relationship on The Howard Stern Show in May. “She truly is my best friend.” As for Gomez, she referred to the Grammy-nominated producer in an Instagram comment as “my absolute everything in my heart" in December 2023, when the pair’s relationship went public.
Fiancé wasn’t the only new title that Gomez received in 2024; in September, she officially became a billionaire, mostly thanks to revenue from Rare Beauty, the cosmetics company that she founded in 2020. The former Disney star’s influence can hardly be overstated; she is currently the most followed woman on Instagram, with more than 420 million fans hanging onto her every word and action (in 2016, she became the first user on the platform to hit 100 million followers). The pressure—as she’s spoken about in interviews and her Apple TV+ documentary Selena Gomez: My Mind & Me—can be a lot. The superstar was diagnosed with depression and bipolar disorder, suffered through a lupus flare-up, and underwent a kidney transplant; she’s learned to prioritize mental health and wellness as a result. For instance, she currently resides at least part-time in New York City, where she films Only Murders in the Building, opting to lay low and keep to herself. “I can now [separate myself from that fame person],” she said in an interview last fall. “Thank God I can…. I love living with the older generation, so I’m on the Upper East Side. It’s very nice for that. I’m currently in a little cave and it’s so lovely and private.”
Selena Gomez on the set of Only Murders in the Building, which is filmed in New York City.
Gomez’s NYC refuge is so private, in fact, that we couldn’t find any publicly available information about it. Below, we’ve rounded up some of the other places that Gomez has called home over the years, each marking a different era of her life. Where will she and Blanco call home going forward? Time will tell, but it’s sure to be a stunner—the producer’s AD-toured Los Angeles dwelling is a cozy, eclectic dream, and Gomez has granted her followers glimpses of her dreamy statement wallpaper and white brick kitchen. In the meantime, read on for a look at the multihyphenate’s real estate portfolio.
Allow us to set the scene: It’s 2011, several years after rising to fame for her leading role on Disney’s Wizards of Waverly Place, and shortly after going public about her relationship with Justin Bieber. This was when Gomez bought her first home: a $2.175 million traditional-style abode in Tarzana, California. The home featured a high-ceiling entryway, a great room, a card room, a media room, and a swimming pool and spa, accessible through several sets of French doors. (There was also a separate guest room, a yoga pavilion, and a cabana bar for entertaining.) Gomez remodeled and expanded the six-bedroom, nine-bathroom home shortly after she purchased it, and by the time she sold it to Iggy Azalea for $3.45 million in 2014, it measured 6,630 square feet. Fun fact: According to reports, Jonah Hill was the one who sold the residence to Gomez in the first place.
Gomez’s next real estate purchase took her to the celeb-favorite city of Calabasas, where she paid $3.69 million for a Mediterranean-style mansion of epic proportions in 2014. The main house featured five bedrooms, six bathrooms, and five fireplaces (including one in the primary bedroom). The opulent pad also boasted a gym, a movie theater, and an impressive underground wine cellar. An outdoor courtyard featured multiple patios and lawns, a dining cabana with a brick pizza oven, a swimming pool and spa, and an elephant-shaped topiary. The singer didn’t stay there long, though, selling the property to French Montana for $3.3 million in 2016, at a discount from the $4.5 million she initially listed it for in 2015. The rapper would go on to spend a reported $400,000 to add a recording studio in the guest house before listing the estate for double what he paid for it in early 2020.
In late 2015, Gomez decided to return to her Texan roots with the purchase of a sprawling 10,016-square-foot mansion in Fort Worth, Texas. It’s unknown how much the singer paid for the five-bedroom, six-and-a-half bathroom pad, but it was situated close to her childhood home in Grand Prairie, which might have been a comfort given her lupus diagnosis around this time. “Every time I’ve gone home, I always go back to the places I remember,” she said in her documentary. “It’s because I don’t want to lose that part of me.” The English-style home was decked out in luxe amenities like a living room with a floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace, an eight-seat movie theater with its own candy bar, and a saltwater swimming pool with a waterslide. The “Lose You to Love Me” singer put the property on the market for $3.499 million in 2016. She failed to find any buyers, and had to list and lower the price several times before finally offloading it for $2.7 million in October 2018.
Love celebrity homes? Shop some of our favorites from Diplo, Sofía Vergara, Sienna Miller and more.
In 2017, shortly after making her relationship with The Weeknd official, Gomez paid $2.25 million for a bungalow in Studio City. The sweet single-story home featured a top-of-the-line security system and was situated behind 20-foot-high hedges, likely a welcome sanctuary to recoup following her kidney transplant surgery. The singer imbued the 3,188-square-foot, three-bedroom, two-and-a-half-bathroom pad with a neutral glam aesthetic, incorporating bright pops of color and colorful, life-affirming art pieces throughout the space. There was also a skylight-topped gourmet kitchen, a family room with a marble-topped bar, and a formal living room with a traditional fireplace. A herringbone brick flooring was a unique feature of the home. Ultimately, Gomez didn’t hang onto the property for too long, flipping it back onto the market the following year. It sold for $2.368 million in 2020.
Gomez continued on her streak of celeb-pedigree homes in 2020, picking up a $4.9 million mansion in Encino that previously belonged to legendary singer Tom Petty. The rocker and his first wife Jane Benyo custom-built the 11,483-square-foot residence in 1989, and it features six bedrooms and ten bathrooms. The skylight-topped living room boasts a floor-to-ceiling stone fireplace that bursts through an upstairs balcony, finally ending at the home’s slanted ceiling. State-of-the-art amenities include an in-home recording studio, a massage room and gym, a wine cellar, and a large pool. The singer still owns this home.
The Studio Has Tons of A-List Cameos—Including Some of the Best Midcentury-Modern Architecture in LA
50 Cent’s Houses: Exploring the Rapper’s Over-The-Top Real Estate Portfolio
The Full House Victorian in San Francisco Sells for $6 Million
The Residence Offers a Peek Inside the White House—but What Really Goes Into Running the President’s Private Quarters?
Severance Twists the Mundane Trappings of the Office Into a Mind-Bending Hellscape
Inside Lana Condor’s Completely Transformed Dream Home
Actor Walton Goggins and Director Nadia Conners Imagine a New Life in the Hudson Valley
5 Secrets of the SNL Sets You Probably Didn’t Know
Not a subscriber? Join AD for print and digital access now.
Browse the AD PRO Directory to find an AD-approved design expert for your next project.
Subscriptions
Connect with AD
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Architectural Digest may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices