Not being hyperbolic: The answer will shock you.
Usher is performing at the 2024 Super Bowl (quick moment to flail around in excitement), a pretty major gig you’d think would pay him several million dollars. But apparently, nope. Not so much. We regret to inform you that:
Turns out, Usher is earning literally $0.00 for giving everyone a free 15-minute concert in the middle of a football game. But before you spiral in a rage, please note the NFL has a long and illustrious history of paying their halftime show artists nothing. As one NFL spokesperson put it to Forbes several years ago, “We do not pay the artists. We cover expenses and production costs.” 
If this seems massively unfair and you’re left wondering why on earth anyone would agree to perform at the Super Bowl for free, the NFL pretty much views the halftime show as an extra-long  commercial in which an artist gets a giant platform to promote their entire body of work. And because of all that “free advertising,” it’s pretty much a guarantee that....
Usher can expect his streaming sales to skyrocket after the 2024 Super Bowl thanks to everyone simultaneously remembering how much they love his music (as if we could ever forget) and running to Spotify. Here are some stats to support this in case you require evidence:
On top of this, there’s also ample opportunity for artists to promote their own brands. Like, remember when Rihanna touched up her makeup with Fenty midway through her set? Per Forbes Australia, Google searches for Fenty Beauty increased 883 percent, and in the 12 hours following her performance, she generated $88.3 million in “media impact value.”
Production costs for the halftime show run in the millions. But sometimes artists want to take things to another level, so they add their own money into the pool. The Weeknd famously spent $7 million on his show in 2021, while a source close to Dr. Dre told Forbes that he also spent $7 million on 2022’s show. TBD if Usher decides to throw some of his own money into the mix as well, but there is a precedent. 
Either way, Usher is pretty much guaranteed to make money on his halftime show performance, so stay tuned for the exact amount! And as a reminder, the Super Bowl can be streamed on Paramount+. If you have cable, you can watch it on TV like the good ol’ days in your parents’ basement, and if you don’t, you can scam your way to the halftime show with a free live-TV trial of Hulu, FuboTV, or YouTube TV. 
Attn: Serena Wasn’t Shading Drake at Super Bowl
Jason and Kylie Kelce’s Relationship Timeline
Kendrick's Super Bowl Jeans Were for Timmy
Things Are "Great" Between Travis and Taylor, FYI
Time to Deep Dive Into Tay & Haim’s Friendship
Every Celeb @ Saquon Barkley's Super Bowl Party
How Travis Spent the Night After Super Bowl Loss
Serena’s Hubs Alexis Defends Her Super Bowl Cameo
Jason Kelce Reacts to Travis' Super Bowl Loss
Nike’s Super Bowl Commercial Gave Me Chills
How Taylor Is "Comforting" Travis Post-Super Bowl
Hi, It's Time to Buy Kendrick Lamar & SZA Tickets
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.