The guard is in critical condition at a hospital but expected to make a full recovery following the incident, which occurred at the home of Amir "Cash" Esmailian.

													By
												

	Carl Lamarre


	On early Monday morning (Apr. 29), a security guard was shot in Encino, Calif., at a home linked to music executive and The Weeknd co-manager, Amir “Cash” Esmailian. 

	LAPD sent Billboard a statement regarding the 2:30 AM incident. “The victim (M/B/37 years) was inside a guard shack when he heard several gunshots and discovered he had been struck. The suspects (3 M/NFD) fled from the location. LAFD responded and transported the victim to a local hospital in unknown condition. Location: , 17500 block of Jayden Lane (RD 1067), April 29, 2024 at 0225 hours.”

	










	A resident spoke to KTLA and explained that the affluent neighborhood is quiet and rarely experiences violent incidents like this. “I’m sure whatever happened here was captured on the security camera,” she said. Unfortunately, that can bring danger with it, too.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Police told KTLA that Esmailian was inside the home at the time of the incident, but it’s unclear whether the suspects ever entered the residence. A separate report from KTTV notes that the wounded guard placed the call to the police and identified the suspects as three men in hoodies and masks. Though the unnamed guard was in critical condition at the hospital, he will make a full recovery. Sources tell Billboard that this was an attempted home invasion.

	According to KTLA, Esmailian’s house is reportedly on sale for $12 million. Aside from his work with The Weeknd as his manager and co-founder of the singer’s XO Records, Esmailian has worked with top hip-hop acts including Travis Scott, Lil Uzi Vert and Diddy. The executive is currently embroiled in the Drake and Kendrick Lamar feud, which saw Drake take shots at The Weeknd and Esmalian himself on the track “Push Ups.”

Billboard reached out to Esmalian’s reps for comment. Watch a FOX 11 clip about the incident below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.