A 45-hour weather warning for snow has been issued across the capital this weekend which may cause disruption.


  The warning has been issued for London and large parts of the south of England from 12pm on Saturday (January 4) up until 9am on Monday (January 6).


  Heavy snow has been forecast to hit large parts of the UK spreading in a north-eastern direction on Saturday and into Sunday.


  This follows cold and frosty spells expected in London this week after strong winds hit the UK today (January 1), with a yellow weather warning in place.


  It is currently unknown how much snow the UK is likely to get, but the Met Office has advised that there may be large amounts of snow, particularly on higher ground.


  Southern parts of the UK may also be affected by freezing rain at times as milder air moves in, making the snowfall likely to be shorter in those areas.


  Snowy weather conditions could have an impact on travel, with roads most likely to be impacted along with rail and air services.


  Drivers are being advised to make extra time while travelling in the event of delays caused by snowfall.


  Commuters are being advised to check before travelling over the weeknd, with further information expected over the coming days on where the snowfall is most likely to occur.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.