ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" matches Miley Cyrus's "Flowers" for the second-most weeks spent at ... More No. 1 on Billboard's Radio Songs chart.   BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 09: Miley Cyrus at Gucci Osteria da Massimo Bottura on March 09, 2023 in Beverly Hills, California. (Photo by John Sciulli/Getty Images for Gucci)
Miley Cyrus scored the kind of hit most artists can only dream of when “Flowers” arrived. The tune brought her back to the top of a number of charts, and it turned out to be not only one of the biggest radio wins of her career but one of the biggest of all time in the United States.
In 2023, “Flowers” set a record as one of the second-longest-running No. 1 hits on Billboard’s Radio Songs chart. The tally ranks the most successful tunes on the airwaves in America, based on how many people the single reaches. Cyrus’s smash ruled that ranking for 18 weeks, and now that showing has been matched.
Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” reaches that milestone this frame. The cross-genre hit, and the breakout tune for the singer-songwriter, has now run the show on the Radio Songs chart for 18 turns as of this period, and so it is also now tied as one of the second-longest-reigning winners ever.
“A Bar Song (Tipsy)” may not be done running the show just yet, though. The blockbuster could add to that historic sum in the coming frames, though now Shaboozey has to compete with holiday classics, which become massively popular on many radio stations throughout December in the U.S.
So far, Shaboozey’s first massive single has lived on the Radio Songs chart for 28 weeks. Only 10 of those have not been in first place, which is a pretty great track record, especially for a brand-new artist who many people—including the DJs and programmers who decide what gets played on the airwaves—had never heard of just a few months ago.
Both “Flowers” and “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” are also matched with one other hit. “Iris” by the Goo Goo Dolls spent 18 frames at No. 1 on the Radio Songs tally as well, but it was the first to do so. That rock behemoth hit as many frames in charge back in 1998.
Only one track is beating all three of those 18-week rulers. The Weeknd’s “Blinding Lights” is far and away the longest-running champion on the Radio Songs chart. That pop/electronic/R&B hybrid topped the tally for 26 frames at the beginning of this decade, and it remains the title to beat.