Follow us
Abel “The Weeknd” Tesfaye was one of 2023's main characters for his stint on HBO's The Idol, which for all its posturing at provocation has nevertheless since fallen out of the public consciousness. Sam Levinson thought he had the show of the summer – and we suppose, 'tis summer no longer.
The content and discourse machine has moved on, but flashbacks are being dragged up to the surface with the reminder that Abel is set to make his feature film acting debut this year, in an as-of-yet untitled film directed by Trey Edward Shults (the director behind psychological horror It Comes at Night and drama Waves). Oh dear god, “not the idol 2.0”, people seem to be saying online. Here's everything else we know.
Set to act alongside Tesfaye – who, once again, is both writing and starring – are Barry Keoghan and Jenna Ortega, making this an incredibly buzzy cast indeed, if also one that feels a more than a little wheel-of-fortune randomly generated. Keoghan, of course, is still fresh off his own The Idol-esque wave of cynically engineered pearl-clutching provocation via Emerald Fennell's Saltburn, so maybe he and Tesfaye have a little more in common than we think. Ortega, for her part, is a rather massive household name to be attached to this mysterious project, after playing the titular Addams sibling in Wednesday on Netflix.
Whispers have been floating in the ether for almost a year, but we're yet to learn what the film is actually about – only that it's coming at us this year. Director Trey Edward Shults is known for a string of critically acclaimed indie films, most recently 2017's It Comes at Night, a psychological horror film that starred Joel Edgerton and Christopher Abbott, and 2019's Waves, an intimate drama starring Kelvin Harrison Jr. and later Bones and All heartthrob Taylor Russell. Let's hope what Shults saw in a Tesfaye-penned screenplay was more Good Weeknd than Bad Weeknd. Chayse Irvin is also attached as director of photography, known for his work on the controversial yet undeniably visually striking Marilyn Monroe biopic, Blonde.
Our cautious skepticism aside, we're keen to find out more about the film and what enticed Keoghan and Ortega about its script: which apparently convinced both actors to select it as their next big project even though both were weighing up several offers as their stars continue to rise. At this point, we're still having to go by what Tesfaye told Rolling Stone (the irony) back in 2020, when he revealed he'd been working on a screenplay during the pandemic: “I can't talk about it too much yet. I really want it to be official.”
Something we're no-holds-barred excited about? Composer and producer Oneohtrix Point Never (aka Daniel Lopatin), will be scoring the film together with Tesfaye. OPN is responsible for the absolute bangers of a soundtrack on the Safdie brothers' Good Time and Uncut Gems – and maybe that gives us a bit of a clue regarding the mood of this Mystery Film too. We can't imagine it'll be a soothing and meditative work of slow cinema, although we wish Tesfaye would seek a change of pace for his own good. Seems like 2024 will cause more Weeknd frenzy, no doubt.
The most anticipated TV shows of 2024
London's best chefs pick the city's best affordable places to eat
2024 will be the year tech and AI transform your personal fitness routine
Director Emerald Fennell breaks down Saltburn's “happy” ending: “I want the audience to be complicit”
The cars in Michael Mann's Ferrari movie are all classics – from a host of other brands
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast