Some time soon – maybe even today! – your social media will likely be full of people sharing stats on their listening history for the year.
Spotify have managed to create a festive tradition as eagerly awaited as Santa himself by some, with the Wrapped annual data on what we’ve been listening to.
Many are wondering when this year’s highly anticipated review will be released, and whether they will be classed among the top listeners of their faves.
The music streaming company has not given a specific date for when it will hit our phones, but in previous years, it has been right around now.
And they have started teasing it, with app users seeing a message: ‘The best time of the year is right around the corner. Get ready by revisiting your tracks from years past’. 
For the last three years, it has been on a Wednesday. Last year it was Wednesday November 29, the year before Wednesday November 30, and in 2021 it was Wednesday December 1.
Many expected it last week on Wednesday November 27, but our apps remained wrapless, although the company posted on X that day to say: ‘Wrapped is coming… bets on your Top Artist?’
They teased the release on social media, saying: ‘This year contained multitudes. So will your Wrapped. Coming Soon. #SpotifyWrapped’.
Last Wednesday was a little earlier than previous dates, however, so today, Wednesday December 4 could also be a strong bet.
Maybe they’ll keep us guessing by choosing a different day of the week entirely, but check your phone nevertheless.
Last year, users complained they did not receive a notification or even got an error message, so you may need to log in to find your details.
Spotify said of their worldwide Wrapped data, Taylor Swift was the top artist, with more than 26.1 billion global streams since January 1. 
Second place was Bad Bunny, who had taken first place the previous year, followed by The Weeknd, Drake, and Peso Pluma.
The top songs had different contenders though, with the most streamed being ‘Flowers’ by Miley Cyrus (more than 1.6 billion streams in 2023), followed by ‘Kill Bill’ by SZA and ‘As It Was’ by Harry Styles. Fourth and fifth came from Jung Kook with ‘Seven (feat. Latto)’, and Eslabon Armado and Peso Pluma with ‘Ella Baila Sola.’
Whether the same artists have so much success this year remains to be seen. 
There has long been a suspicion that Spotify stops counting your listening stats on October 31.
But the company has denied this on social media, posting on X last year: ‘Don’t worry, Wrapped is still counting past Oct. 31’. 
They have been tight-lipped on the exact date but told users in a pop-up message last month that 2024 is ‘almost a wrap,’ and have advised users to make sure their app is updated to experience Wrapped ‘at its best’. 
No, Spotify Wrapped is available for both Free and Premium users.
However, Premium users get additional personalised data, such as how many new artists they discovered that year.
Okay, calm down. But if you really are desperate, contender Deezer has pipped them to the post with ‘My Deezer Year’, which they say ‘offers users the chance to be roasted or hyped up for their music taste, plus creates a personalised quiz of your music taste that you can share with friends’.
They said the most streamed songs worldwide this year were:
1. Lose Control – Teddy Swims 2. Beautiful things – Benson Boone3. Espresso – Sabrina Carpenter4. Texas Hold ‘Em – Beyoncé5. A Bar Song (Tipsey) – Shaboozey
So there you go, a little taster. 
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy