Given how much people say he loves porn, we should've seen this coming. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Kanye West has been tagged as a porn addict throughout his career, and now he’s turning it into a business. The 46-year-old artist will be launching a company called “Yeezy Porn.”

	This has reportedly been in talks for some time, per a conversation TMZ had with a member of the Yeezy team. The plan is for Ye to open a studio and adult entertainment brand that will fall under the Yeezy umbrella. Of course, this is quite the endeavor for the Chicago producer to embark on having only been a consumer; however, he is calling on someone well-versed in the business aspect of the adult film industry to assist him.

	










	Mike Moz, Stormy Daniels’ ex-husband and a big figure in the porn industry, will be helping the Vultures 1 artist get “Yeezy Porn” off the ground. Moz has worked as a producer, talent caster, and art director within the adult film field for over a decade, with credits on Aroused, Abigail, Young Fantasies 7, Vixen, and more.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Ye's Former Manager Free Maiden Shoots Down Extortion Accusations		
			







	Kanye West’s rep told TMZ that “Yeezy Porn” could be launching as early as this upcoming summer. Now, of course, that has to be taken with a grain of salt given Ye’s track record with release dates, whether they are exact dates or ballpark time frames. Still, given his affinity for pornography, it is safe to believe that of all of his projects that have been promoted and fallen through, this won’t suffer the same fate.

	This is an interesting business move given the allegations the “Good Life” artist faced back in 2022. Adidas employees claimed that he showed them “hardcore pornography” while at their job interviews or in the workplace; some of the videos featured his ex-wife Kim Kardashian. The employees claimed that West used these videos to assert dominance or control over them. 

	“He showed me the video of Francesca Le, a buff porn star with a strap-on dildo f**king another girl in the a**,” a former employee told Rolling Stone. “He’s like, ‘What do you think of it?’ Not laughing at all.” Another employee spoke about how he used explicit sexual imagery to indicate how he wanted a shoe to be designed and make consumers feel. “Not a sex-toy sneaker but something that you were so into that you would wanna have an intimate relationship,” she said, recalling Ye’s advice. “He’d be, like, ‘literally f**k.’ He would be very clear on what that meant.”

	










	It will be interesting to see how “Yeezy Porn” will be received, especially with Kanye West’s perception now that he is involved in the multi-layered beef involving Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, The Weeknd, and A$AP Rocky. Ye had already been a longtime rival of the 6 God but they hadn’t really gone at each other in some time.

	Ye appeared on Justin LaBoy’s The Download podcast this week and previewed his verse on the “Like That (Remix).” The original track was already incendiary as it featured a surprise K. Dot appearance where he dissed Drizzy and J. Cole. However, West’s inclusion made it seem even more like Boomin was assembled a team of hitmen to take Drake down.

	“We saving the world,” he told LaBoy. “You take Drake and Lucian out, that just alters everything. Cause that’s such a controlled thing they have. The algorithm, the way they work together to fix the numbers, and all that.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.