By 

	Jazz Tangcay

Artisans Editor

	Choreographer, dancer and creative director Charm La’Donna has signed with WME to help build her profile as a filmmaker.

	La’Donna choreographed Dua Lipa’s videos for “Dance the Night” and “Houdini.” Earlier this year, La’Donna took home the MTV Video Music Award for her work on the latter. She previously won in 2019 for choreography on Rosalía and J Balvin’s “Con Altura.”

	La’Donna also worked with Lipa on her most recent tour and appearances at the Glastonbury Music Festival. On collaborating with Lipa, La’Donna said, “Your dedication and brilliance is truly inspirational.”

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Damon Wayans Is 'Walking Away With Deep Gratitude' After 'Poppa's House' Cancellation: 'This Show Gave Me More Than I Could've Ever Imagined'		
			








	In a statement to Variety, La’Donna said, “I’m excited to join WME, an agency that resonates with my commitment to building my brand and achieving my creative aspirations. Their expertise will be instrumental as I embark on this new chapter in my filmmaking career.”

	As La’Donna makes the move into filmmaking, she has also partnered on major campaigns with global brands including Louis Vuitton at Paris Fashion Week and Clinique.

	According to her website, La’Donna got her start in choreography by touring with Madonna before studying World Arts and Culture at UCLA. 

	La’Donna is a protege of Fatima Robinson, who choreographed last year’s “The Color Purple” and Beyonce’s Renaissance World Tour.

	La’Donna has previously worked with Selena Gomez, Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd, Becky G, Meghan Trainor and Shakira. Next up, her work will be seen in Pharrell Williams and Michel Gondry‘s star-studded musical “Atlantis,” which is set to be released in 2025. The film is described as an expedition into the summer of 1977 in the Virginia Beach neighborhood inspired by the Atlantis Apartments of Williams’ childhood.
The Business of Entertainment