Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
January 8, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
Fan obsession, in the age of social media, has a lot of material to mine for a film. But what happens when you twist that with the iconic work of Stephen King? We could see something special (or delightfully campy with the talent involved).
World of Reel reports that filmmaker Trey Edward Shults could be cooking up a loose remake of King’s novel Misery and the 1990 film as his next project. And the real kicker: Jenna Ortega & The Weeknd could be attached to the star in the movie.
When Trey Edward Shults, Jenna Ortega, and The Weeknd shot a film that stars Barry Keoghan last year, the trio came together for another mysterious project. Little is known about the project, but rumors have swirled that The Weeknd will play himself with Ortega as an obsessed fan.
Other details have emerged, stating the film could follow the real-life events that saw Weeknd leave a concert early in 2015.
To help further the Misery theory, scoopers did some digging and found a photo from Ortega’s IG, which showed a house that looked very similar to the original Misery house. Check out Ortega’s post below…
A post shared by Jenna Ortega (@jennaortega)
Production on the project reportedly wrapped last year, but no release date has been announced.
Filed Under: EJ Moreno, Movies, News, Top Stories Tagged With: Jenna Ortega, Misery, Stephen King, The Weeknd
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.