Talk about a musical score. 
Sex is the best with Nicki Minaj, The Weeknd or Deftones, according to a June 2024 report on music’s influence during risqué rolls in the hay. 
“Whether setting the mood, increasing satisfaction, or even influencing the length of intimate moments, the right playlist can make all the difference,” explained study authors from virtual healthcare hub ZipHealth.
“Our findings reveal the surprising ways in which our playlists shape our experiences in the bedroom.”
Researchers surveyed over 1,000 canoodlers in the US about their XXX song preferences and analyzed more than 11,000 chart-toppers across 148 Spotify playlists to determine bedroom tune trends. 
A staggering 68% of people who listen to music during sex say the sweet sounds help reduce sexual performance anxiety, while an impressive 63% say the ditties significantly increase the duration of sex.
Hip-hop lovers are lasting the longest of all top genres — including classical, R&B, pop and heavy metal — clocking in an average coitus runtime of 31.5 minutes. EDM heads, however, aren’t quite going the distance, knocking boots for a quickie 27.2 minutes, per the probe. 
And pleasure-mongers with a penchant for lusty lyrics like to ménage à Minaj. 
“‘Super Freaky Girl’ by Nicki Minaj was the most popular song on sex playlists,” noted clinicians. 
The native New Yorker’s NSFW nod comes just as fans fear she may be on the brink of divorce from her husband, Kenneth Petty. 
“The Weeknd was most prevalent in ‘unprotected sex’ playlists,” added the analysts. “[And] the most common artist appearing on sex playlists across the board.”
His admiration amongst the kinky is no real surprise. 
The Canadian crooner’s ever-sensual “Earned It” — which earned Oscars praise for sound-tracking fetish flick “50 Shades of Grey” — was recently ranked the most stellar sex song for folks of the Aquarius sign. 
Sexperts also found that 62% of hanky-panky hedonists report higher levels of sexual satisfaction whenever a good track is playing in the background.  
“The next time you’re curating an intimate playlist,” encouraged ZipHelath pros, “remember that the perfect song might just lead to a more fulfilling and exciting experience.”
Here’s a list of the Top 10 artists featured across sex playlists 
Advertisement