On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie tells Keith all about her music-packed weekend in Las Vegas.

	There’s never a dull moment in Las Vegas, but this past weekend was a particularly packed one for Sin City, which played host to the first two nights of the Eagles’ five-month residency at the Sphere on Friday and Saturday and the two-day iHeartRadio Music Festival on those same nights.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, we can give you a taste of the action-packed weekend in Vegas, as Katie recounts to Keith all the details of covering the Eagles’ opening night on Friday and then popping in for The Weeknd, Doja Cat, Halsey, Hozier, New Kids on the Block and more for iHeart’s second night on Saturday.

	










	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how vinyl album sales push Travis Scott’s Days Before Rodeo to No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart for the first time, how The Weeknd and Playboi Carti both make high debuts on the Billboard Hot 100 songs chart with the first singles from their forthcoming albums, and how Billie Eilish tops the Pop Airplay chart with “Birds of a Feather,” while Taylor Swift is on the verge of another top 10 with “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart.”




			Trending on Billboard		






The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard’s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard’s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.