The Blackmagic URSA Cine Immersive camera for Apple Vision Pro content was made available for pre-order, with shipments to customers expected in early 2025. Here's what it can do, and who it's for.
Originally announced in June 2024, the device was hailed as an end-to-end workflow for the Apple Immersive Video format used by the Apple Vision Pro headset. Apple Immersive Video combines 8K 3D video with a 180-degree field of view and Spatial Audio support.The Apple Vision Pro, announced during WWDC 2023, is Apple's first attempt at a virtual reality headset, with the company's CEO Tim Cook referring to it as an "early adopter product." Priced at $3500, the headset is powered by Apple's M2 chip and runs a unique operating system known as visionOS.The headset enables unique and immersive 3D video experiences, letting users re-live their favorite moments through formats such as Spatial Video. Apple has also produced exclusive content in a special format called immersive video. Now, other companies are jumping in and offering their own cameras for immersive video recording, with Blackmagic bringing some impressive specs to the market.
The Blackmagic URSA Cine Immersive camera will let users record Apple Immersive Video and edit it through DaVinci Resolve Studio, which will gain support for the aforementioned video format in 2025. Blackmagic's new camera will be able to record stereoscopic 3D video, with a resolution of 8160 by 7200 at 90 frames per second. Pixel-level synchronization and 16 stops of dynamic range will also be available.The camera body consists of a magnesium alloy chassis with a carbon fiber polycarbonate composite skin, for added strength and even weight distribution. It features a 5-inch fold-out HDR touchscreen on one side and an external color status LCD on the other side. There's even a second 5-inch touchscreen, which minimizes the need for external displays.In terms of connectivity, users will have access to 12GSDI out, 10G Ethernet, USB-C, XLR audio, and more. On the back, the device features an 8-pin Lemo power connector, with support for 12V and 24V power supplies. The device also ships with a 250W power supply.
The $29,995 price tag serves as a clear indicator of the camera's commercial nature, with the company's CEO Grant Petty saying that it's "looking forward to working closely with filmmakers" on Apple Immersive Video. 
"With this innovative system, filmmakers can record remarkable moments like action-packed scenes, unique perspectives, stunning landscapes, intimate performances, and more, all with incredible fidelity, offering viewers an unparalleled sense of realism and immersion," said the CEO.Though a certain amount of exclusive content is already available for the Apple Vision Pro, so far it's mainly come from Apple itself. The rollout of immersive content for the Apple Vision Pro has been undoubtedly slow as a result, with few third-party contributions.
While the Blackmagic URSA Cine Immersive camera is certainly a welcome addition, its uncompetitive price tag is unlikely to result in more third-party content for the Apple Vision Pro. Similar products, such as the V-RAPTOR 8K VV, a high-end RED camera, can be purchased for around $24,000 to $30,000 new. The new URSA Cine Immersive camera costs twice as much as the standard URSA Cine, priced at $15,000.There are also lower-priced options for immersive video-compatible cameras, though these are geared towards the average consumer or enthusiast rather than commercial applications. The arrival of the Blackmagic URSA Cine Immersive camera ultimately means that professionals have more options, though it is unlikely we will see more exclusive content for the Apple Vision Pro because of it. A variety of immersive videos for Apple Vision Pro were made available in February 2024, which is when the headset became available to the public. In October 2024, Apple released "Submerged," a 16-minute short film about a World War II submarine crew fighting to survive an attack. A month later, in November 2024, the company debuted a new Concert for One series featuring The Weeknd.Though new content for the Apple Vision Pro is always in the works, nothing new has been announced or previewed by Apple. New releases and episodes of existing shows tend to drop without prior announcement, with the most recent being the third episode of "Wild," featuring sharks.   Read on AppleInsider

			Copyright © 2025 Quiller Media, Inc  
Commenting Guidelines · 
			Privacy Policy 
			· Contact