ByIme Ekpo
ByIme Ekpo,
 Contributor. 
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY - SEPTEMBER 12: Metro Boomin and Future perform onstage during the 2023 MTV Video ... More Music Awards at Prudential Center on September 12, 2023 in Newark, New Jersey. (Photo by Theo Wargo/Getty Images for MTV)
Future and Metro Boomin have achieved another significant career feat as their latest joint project once again takes the number one spot on the charts. Their second collaborative album, We Still Don’t Trust You, debuted at the top of the Billboard 200 chart just three weeks after its antecedent, We Don’t Trust You, also held the same position.
According to Billboard, We Still Don’t Trust You, released on April 12, amassed 127,500 album units from sales and streams of both the album and singles in the U.S. by the end of its first week. The duo’s first collaborative album, We Don’t Trust You, also debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and accumulated twice as much in its first week, reaching 251,000 units three weeks ago.
Beyonce's Cowboy Carter has been displaced from the top of the chart and is now at number two, with We Don't Trust You occupying the third spot.
Kendrick Lamar's diss verse on the song "Like That" from the first album catapulted hip-hop culture into its purest form with a frenzied display of competitive wit. This track sparked responses from J. Cole and Drake, igniting a series of rap beefs that also involved Rick Ross, ASAP Rocky, and The Weeknd, making waves onto the second album.
On We Still Don’t Trust You ASAP Rocky's suggestive lyrics in the song "Show of Hands" may be hinting at Drake and his rumored relationship with Rihanna, while The Weeknd also subtly references Drake and his OVO collective in "All to Myself."
Last month, "Like That" made a powerful debut at the top of the Billboard Hot 100, Global 200, and Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs charts. This much-anticipated achievement was fueled by Kendrick Lamar's provocative references to J. Cole and Drake. Luminate reported that "Like That" garnered an impressive 10.26 million on-demand streams in the United States on its first day alone, with a total of 25.62 million streams within three days.
The track also amassed an impressive 3.73 million plays on Spotify, surpassing competitors by 400,000 streams and debuted at No. 1 on the platform’s U.S. chart.
We Still Don’t Trust You is Future's tenth to debut at the top spot, while it also marks Metro Boomin's fifth to reach this feat. This achievement surpasses Future's previous record for the shortest time between number one debuts, which he set with back-to-back releases of his self-titled album and HNDRXX in March 2017.