ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 06: Selena Gomez attends the 2020 Hollywood Beauty Awards at The ... More Taglyan Complex on February 06, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Tibrina Hobson/Getty Images)
Selena Gomez is working on her next era, but before she gives the world more music, she’s still riding high off the success of her latest hit. This week, the pop singer and actress breaks an all-time record with what has turned out to be perhaps the biggest single of her career.
According to Billboard, Gomez has broken the record for the most weeks a single song has spent on the Pop Airplay chart. Gomez is featured on Rema’s smash “Calm Down,” which has now lived on the ranking of the tracks that reach the largest audience at pop radio across the U.S. for 64 weeks. It will hit that number when the company refreshes its lists in a matter of hours.
Before this frame, the record for the most weeks spent on the Pop Airplay chart belonged to Harry Styles’s “As It Was.” That cut racked up 63 stays on the tally before falling off not too long ago.
Currently, “Calm Down” sits inside the top 10 once again, as it lifts to No. 8 on the current edition of the Pop Airplay chart. When Billboard updates the tally, the tune will fall slightly to No. 12 on the ranking that will be made public tomorrow (January 17).
It will likely be quite a while before “Calm Down” disappears from the Pop Airplay chart entirely. While it’s on its way down on the ranking, the fact that it’s about to sit just below the top 10 after more than a year is a sign that the masses still want to hear it on their radios. From here on out, every week it finds space on the ranking helps the tune extend its lead–and it could continue to chart for months.
“Calm Down” is one of only three songs to spend at least 60 weeks on the Pop Airplay chart, and all of them have made history in just the past few years. In addition to “As It Was,” The Weeknd’s “Blinding Lights” is also a member of this club. That track earned 60 stays on the list.
Rema scored a breakout hit with “Calm Down,” which was originally a solo track. In order to help push it up the charts, he recruited Gomez to lend her fame and talents to the tune. Once she joined the smash, it rose dramatically on a number of lists, including the Pop Airplay chart. The track also peaked at No. 3 on the Hot 100.