September 13, 2024
9:09 AM
John Nacion/Variety via Getty Images, Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV, Rocco Spaziani/Archivio Spaziani/Mondadori Portfolio via Getty Images
This week's New Music Friday is packed with exciting releases! NLE Choppa is back with another banger, dropping "SLUT ME OUT 3," the final installment in his viral SMO trilogy. Meanwhile, The Weeknd has fans buzzing with the release of his new single "Dancing In the Flames," a track from his upcoming album. Plus, Doechii teams up with pop superstar Katy Perry for a fresh and unexpected collaboration that's sure to be a standout hit. Be sure to check out who else made the list this week!
NLE Choppa is bringing the heat with his latest release, "SLUT ME OUT 3." This infectious track, featuring Carey Washington, is packed with a pop-leaning punch that’s sure to get you dancing. It marks the final installment of his "SLUT ME OUT" trilogy, which kicked off IN 2022 with "SLUT ME OUT" and continued with the viral hit "SLUT ME OUT 2," amassing over 165 million global streams.
The Weeknd has released the single and music video "Dancing In The Flames," the lead single off his highly anticipated sixth album, Hurry Up Tomorrow.
Joey Bada$$ teamed up with Chlöe for their soulful new track, "TELL ME. " This smooth blend of hip-hop and R&B highlights their undeniable chemistry. The song features Joey's introspective bars and Chlöe's sultry vocals, creating a captivating dynamic exploring vulnerability and desire. 
Just 24 hours after delivering a steamy live debut of "I’M HIS, HE'S MINE" on the 2024 VMAs stage, Katy Perry and Doechii have officially dropped the sizzling new collaboration. The track, which heavily samples Crystal Waters' "Gypsy Woman," showcases the duo confidently staking their claims on their respective love interests, blending fierce energy with irresistible beats.
MHD is back with another electrifying single, "KATA." This high-energy track highlights his signature blend of Afro-trap beats and hard-hitting lyricism. Known for pioneering the Afro-trap movement, the French rapper delivers sharp verses and infectious rhythms over pulsating beats in "KATA," bringing his unique sound to the forefront once again.
IDK just released a new single "KiCKiN," part of an exciting two-track release titled 2:22. Alongside the new single, the pack features his hit track "TiFFANY" featuring Gunna, adding to the anticipation.
N3WYRKLA just dropped her highly anticipated new single "Mind Now" featuring Skilla Baby. The track, produced by Timbaland, delivers a clear ultimatum to her love interest -- make a choice, even though she already knows the answer. With its infectious beat and relatable lyrics, "Mind Now" resonates with fans. 
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.