Follow us
Brian Epstein had a problem. At the tender age of 27, the Liverpudlian record shop entrepreneur had persuaded a promising young band called The Beatles to let him become their manager. Though he was convinced they were the next big thing, they were a bit of a mess, with long hair, leather jackets and foul mouths. So he cleaned them up. He instructed them to bow at the end of each performance, got their hair cut, and forced them into suits and ties. “They had to remove their boots for the fitting and their feet stank to high heaven,” recalled Walter Smith, the tailor who made these first outfits in 1962. “After they left I had to spray the shop.”
Epstein was doing what band managers did before him and have done after him: moulding his charges into the right shape for success. The Beatles, when they first took over Britain, projected a powerful unified aesthetic: here, in sharp Italian suits and mop-top hairdos, was the future of youth culture. They didn’t stay obedient for long. John, Paul, George and Ringo soon shared their individual styles and personalities with the public. When the band split up in 1970, that individualism bled into their careers.
Each member of The Beatles had their own expectation-defying depths. At GQ we've put forward our recommendations for who should play the ‘Fab Four’.
The latest instalment in the band’s long, lucrative afterlife is four separate biopics for each member, all to be directed by Sam Mendes and released in 2027. These seem geared to feed the current appetite for big films about big stars: Elvis, Freddie Mercury and Elton John have all had the treatment in recent years; a biopic about Bob Marley was released last week. The Beatles only existed for a decade, and all the Fab Four led interesting lives afterwards – even Ringo, who majestically transitioned into narrating Thomas the Tank Engine.
Still, separate films about members of the same band feels weird. Why do we want to keep breaking up the Beatles? Perhaps it’s because we can’t help viewing them in the context of modern music. There are no big bands anymore. Take a look at a list of the best-selling albums in Britain – it’s all old groups and new singers. The highest entry for an original album recorded by a band and released in the 21st century is a miserable 32nd place, with Coldplay’s A Rush of Blood to the Head.
One factor is material. Bands thrived in the ‘60s and ’70s, when you generally needed at least three or four people playing a variety of instruments to gig and record properly. Around the time when drum machines and synthesisers began to edge out drum kits and guitars as the building blocks of pop, the industry began to focus more on the individual star.
Another factor is cultural. In the decades after the Second World War, youth culture in the West was about distinct tribes you could identify from a glance. In Britain, this began in the 1950s with the “Teddy boys”, named after the distinctive, Edwardian-style suits they wore. Later, mods in Italian tailoring fought pitched battles with rockers in leather jackets. In the late ‘70s and early ’80s, nightclubs were filled with androgynous New Romantics, both boys and girls caked in brightly coloured makeup. In 1990s America, you would encounter “mall goths” bringing down the mood in suburban shopping centres.
These tribes – made up of people dressing differently to outsiders, but a lot like each other – were perfectly represented by bands, which functioned as tiny tribes-within-a-tribe. But youth tribes don’t really exist any more. Old styles are hijacked in microtrends that people pick up and discard at will. Consuming clothes and music isn’t social – rather than hang around shops, teenagers gulp down whatever their algorithm serves them up. Styles blur into each other rather than stay distinct. An era where everyone does their own thing produces musicians that do their own thing. Of last year’s 20 best-selling acts globally, 13 are individual artists: the likes of Bad Bunny, Drake, The Weeknd and, at the very top, Taylor Swift.
But those seven exceptions are important. Six of them are South Korean K-pop bands, with Seventeen taking the number-two spot, after Taylor, and Stray Kids taking number three. These bands are the product of big music companies training potential members for years in singing, rapping and dancing. And those big music companies are the product of a similarly structured plan: after a cataclysmic financial crisis in the late '90s, the South Korean government made the decision to pour taxpayer money into the cultural industries, then export that culture around the world. The resulting creative tidal wave, known as Hallyu, has given South Korea a profile way beyond its size.
Though K-pop stans like to stan individual band members, it’s examining the groups as a whole that reveals the story of Hallyu. Similarly, we lose something if we focus on John, Paul, George and Ringo as individuals, wonderful creative souls though they might be. In many ways, the Beatles were most interesting as The Beatles – they represented the beginning of a revolution in British social attitudes after the stiff 1950s, and an era when working-class kids outside London could get into the arts. Maybe Mendes should preserve his sanity, tone down his ambitions, and make a group biopic instead.
Mark Ruffalo on Poor Things, sex scenes, and the Hulk's future in the MCU
23 new ways to wear denim in 2024
Why the 6-12-25 workout could be your next gym crush
How Mr. & Mrs. Smith nailed aspirational millennial dressing
Every guy should own Cillian Murphy's John Lobb boots
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast