It was only a matter of time before Ye got involved in the Anti-Drake movement. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	It seems like the more time passes since “Like That,” the more people join the movement to end Drake.

	One of his longest-running foes, Kanye West, recently revealed that he subscribes to the endeavor by previewing his verse on the remix to Future, Metro Boomin, and Kendrick Lamar’s incendiary record.

	Ye appeared on Justin LaBoy’s The Download Podcast to discuss the current state of rap beef and shared part of the unreleased record. “You know we had to get the hooligans up here to get these pu**y ni**as out/ Yo Dot, I got you,” he rapped. “Y’all so out of sight, out of mind/ I can’t even think of a Drake line/ Play J. Cole, get the pu**y dry/ Play this sh*t back 130 times.”

	The “Like That” remix is not officially out on streaming services, but the clip that surfaced online was enough to add a new layer to the discourse surrounding this beef. The Chicago producer fanned the flames with a few interesting quotes, as well. 

	









Kanye West says Future called him to get on the remix to "Like That" and he addresses artists/rappers teaming up to go against Drake ?"Pluto called me I went to the studio and laid that… you know everybody is very very excited about the elimination of Drake, not excited we… pic.twitter.com/BDS4ytGwC8

	“Pluto called me up, he called me I went to the studio that night, we went through the creative process” Kanye West told Justin LaBoy. “Everybody was very very excited about the elimination of Drake,” Ye said,  essentially confirming that the attacks on Drake by Future, Metro Boomin, Kendrick Lamar, Rick Ross, The Weeknd, and A$AP Rocky were concentrated efforts.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	West believes that the 6 God is hurt by the fact that they are not on good terms, as well. “It cuts Drake’s soul… it’s like Drake signed his soul to the devil to not be cool with me,” he said. “This is his job to go against God.” 

	Drake and Kanye West’s tension peaked in 2018 after Ye produced Pusha T’s “Infrared.” The Toronto superstar fired back at both men on “Duppy Freestyle,” leading the Virginia rapper to counter with “The Story Of Adidon” and reveal that the For All The Dogs rapper had a child.
Kanye West speaks on him and Drake no longer being friends "it cuts Drake's soul… it's like Drake signed his soul to the devil to not be cool with me, this is his job to go against God" via @JustinLaboy pic.twitter.com/umM61jyPNQ

	Since 2018, Drake and Kanye West have continued to throw shots at one another on records and on social media. At one point it seemed like their relationship was repaired after they performed together at the Free Larry Hoover benefit concert in December 2021, but it was right back to disses soon after.

	Ye has entered a battlefield loaded with many of Hip-Hop’s stars where diss tracks have already been traded back and forth. Last week, the “First Person Shooter” rapper unleashed “Push Ups” where he addressed everyone who has dissed him on the last two Future and Metro Boomin albums.

	










	Rick Ross quickly followed up with “Champagne Moments,” calling Drizzy out for allegedly getting nose surgery, sending a cease & desist to French Montana over a verse on his last album, and for being mixed race. Drake’s latest diss track, “Taylor Made Freestyle,” focused solely on Kendrick Lamar; he utilized AI vocals for Tupac and Snoop Dogg to diss the Compton rapper before doubling down on him deferring to Taylor Swift any time he wanted to release music. Needless to say, things have gotten spicy. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.