By 

	Thania Garcia


The Black Music Action Coalition (BMAC) has announced Usher, LL Cool J, BET and Live Nation, among others as honorees for the 2024 BMAC Gala. 

	The awards ceremony will be hosted by Kenny Burns in celebration of artists, executives, and activists “who are pivotal changemakers in championing racial equity and social justice within their community, and who are using their platforms and resources to make a positive impact on society,” according to BMAC.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					'Ghosts' Scene Stealer Betsy Sodaro on Nancy's Unique Backstory and the Role She Originally Auditioned For		
			








	Usher, who is set to receive the Quincy Jones Humanitarian Award, and LL Cool J, receiving recognition for the Clarence Avant Trailblazer Award, will both be present at the event on Sept. 19 at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles. 

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“To be receiving this award from an organization that is making such big moves for racial equity and justice within the music industry is an honor,” added LL Cool J. “Clarence Avant was a true legend. He and I were both inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame the same year and he was a father figure to me, so it’s a full circle moment and feels truly special.”

	Additional honorees include executives Scott Mills, Louis Carr, Constance Orlando, and Kimberly Paige of BET Media Group, who will be jointly recognized with the Social Impact Award. The BMAC Change Agent Award will go to Ivy McGregor, executive director of BeyGOOD, Beyoncé’s non-profit organization. Meanwhile, the BMAC 365 Award will go to Live Nation.

	“We’re thrilled to celebrate this year’s honorees who have utilized their talents, platforms and resources to create a positive and meaningful impact in social and racial justice globally,” said Willie “Prophet” Stiggers, BMAC’s co-founder, president and CEO. “This year’s Gala comes at a pivotal time for our industry and country. It is more important than ever to recognize these incredible accomplishments and unite the entertainment industry to use our collective voice in inspiring imperative change.”

	Timed to the Gala in September, BMAC will also be releasing the third edition of its “Music Industry Action Report Card,” which observes dozens of organizations in multiple categories — labels, publishers, streaming services, live entertainment and touring, the Recording Academy and more — and how market leaders have taken action to elevate black employees and donate to racial justice initiatives.

	










	Since BMAC’s inception in 2020, the organization has utilized its Report Card to encourage and inform the industry towards systemic change; Recent initiatives include income and mentorship programs that provide financial resources, paid internships and full-time jobs and more. 

	Previous BMAC Gala honorees have included H.E.R., Lil Baby, Lizzo, the Weeknd, Maxine Waters, Keke Palmer, Jermaine Dupri and Jon Platt, among others.

	The 2024 Black Music Action Coalition Gala is produced by Donna Grecco for Primary Wave and Rikki Hughes for Magic Lemonade, and presented by Live Nation with support from Variety. This year’s Gala will also feature BMAC’s inaugural auction in partnership with Julien’s Auctions.
The Business of Entertainment