The Billboard Hot 100 singles chart measures the top songs every week during the tracking week of Friday through Thursday based on their combination of sales, online streams (audio and video), and radio airplay. Scroll down for the list of every song that came out on top in 2024, updated weekly.
The Beatles have had the most No. 1 hits ever with 20 different chart-toppers. They're followed closely by Mariah Carey, who has led the tally with 19 songs; she also holds the record for the most cumulative weeks spent at the top spot. Carey's 1995 duet with Boyz II Men, "One Sweet Day," once held the record for the longest run on top with 16 weeks at No. 1. But that was eventually tied by "Despacito" by Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee featuring Justin Bieber in 2017, and then finally bested by Lil Nas X, whose "Old Town Road" featuring Billy Ray Cyrus commanded the chart for 19 weeks in 2019. And in 2024 another country crossover track matched that with 19 weeks of its own: "A Bar Song (Tipsy)" by Shaboozey. But Carey may take back her record at the end of 2025. Her holiday staple "All I Want for Christmas Is You" accumulated 18 weeks at No. 1 going into the new year.
However, the song named by Billboard as the No. 1 of all time was The Weeknd's "Blinding Lights," which spent only four weeks leading the way but shattered the record for the most weeks in the top 10 with more than a year in the upper reaches of the chart. How much history will be made on the Hot 100 in 2025? Come back every week for more.
10 weeks at No. 1
March 1 - May 3
Lamar and SZA have held the top slot for 10 consecutive weeks. He replaced himself in the No. 1 spot, knocking his diss track "Not Like Us" to No. 2 for the tracking week that ended Feb. 20. It's the sixth chart-topper of his career and SZA's third. His nemesis Drake released a new album in the same week, $ome $exy $ongs 4 U, resulting in two top-10 debuts: "Gimme a Hug" at No. 6 and "Nokia" at No. 10. But he wasn't able to challenge Lamar for the top spots.
One week at No. 1 in 2025 (three weeks total)
Feb. 22
Kendrick Lamar is coming off a blazing two weeks. On Feb. 2 he won five Grammys for his Drake-demolishing diss track "Not Like Us," including Record of the Year and Song of the Year. Then on Feb. 9 he headlined the Super Bowl halftime show, where he performed the song again, with a vengeance. All that success and publicity shot the song up 14 spots back to No. 1. He actually had the top three songs in the country for the week dated Feb. 22.
One week at No. 1
Feb. 8
Travis Scott released his latest single on Jan. 24, and it debuted at No. 1 on the Hot 100, making it the fifth chart-topping single of his career, following "Franchise" featuring Young Thug and M.I.A., "The Scotts" with Kid Cudi," "Highest in the Room," and "Sicko Mode." They all spent one week on top. Proceeds from "4x4" go to benefit Direct Relief’s California Wildfire Response Fund.
Five weeks at No. 1
Jan. 11 - Feb. 1; Feb. 15
This is the sixth No. 1 song of Lady Gaga's career and the ninth of Bruno Mars'. It surged to the top spot from No. 17 thanks to the Christmas singles dropping off the chart after the holiday season. The song was released in August and previously spent four weeks stuck at No. 2 behind Shaboozey's record-tying "A Bar Song (Tipsy)." Overall it took "Die With a Smile" 20 weeks to reach the pinnacle. It won Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the Grammys, where it was also nominated for Song of the Year.
One week at No. 1 in 2025 (18 weeks total)
Jan. 4
Carey has returned to the top spot for six straight holiday seasons. This time around "All I Want for Christmas" spent four straight weeks at No. 1, bringing its total to 18 weeks at atop the list. That places it third on the list of the longest-running chart-toppers in Hot 100 history, behind Lil Nas X and Billy Ray Cyrus's "Old Town Road" and Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)," both of which spent 19 weeks at the head of the pack.
Die with a smile by Gaga and Bruno Mars. I still listen every day and night. Just play it all day.
Kendrick really dominating 2025. Grammys, Super Bowl, and now the top spots on the Hot 100. King behavior.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media