ByZoya Hasan
andAlexandra York
ByZoya Hasan,
 Forbes Staff 
andAlexandra York,
 Forbes Staff. 
Think this is nice? It’s a version of the weekly Under 30 newsletter and would be even better in your inbox. 
From top left to bottom right: Shaboozey, Drew Afualo, Big Sean, Bobbi Althoff, Rupi Kaur and Metro Boomin.
Just shy of two weeks from now, singer-songwriter Shaboozey will be taking the stage at the flagship Forbes 30 Under 30 Summit. The star, who’s currently on his 8th week of holding the #1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100, will be setting the tone for four days of panels, networking and unforgettable experiences in Cincinnati, Ohio.
And if anyone knows how to follow a tough act, it’s the Grammy-nominated DJ Metro Boomin. Following Shaboozey’s opening performance, attendees will experience a set from the producer behind hits like Future’s “Mask Off” and “Faith” by The Weeknd. And Metro will be giving the inside scoop on his career with a fireside chat the following day.
This year’s 30 Under 30 Summit, running from September 22 through September 25 in Cincinnati, includes a lineup of the sharpest minds across business, entertainment and sports.
Our growing list of speakers includes the likes of media personalities Bobbi Althoff and Robyn Delmonte (a.k.a GirlBossTown), award-winning producer Big Sean, Rare Beauty’s chief marketing officer Katie Welch and a host of unicorn founders and CEOs. Plus, timeless advice from business legends like former American Express CEO Ken Chenault and General Catalyst’s Ken Frazier, a book signing with Forbes Top Creator Drew Afualo and a live poetry performance from Rupi Kaur.
And for the first time ever, Forbes will be hosting a Women in Sports event, where attendees will hear from Olympic champions like Sarah Nurse, Diana Flores, Simone Manuel and other legendary athletes in conversation with ForbesWomen president and publisher Moira Forbes.
The greatest perk? The opportunity to make life-changing connections. As Forbes Chief Content Officer Randall Lane said in his opening remarks last year, “The next few days could change your life. You’re in a room full of your next business partners, a room full of potential customers—and if none of that works out, I guarantee at least two of you are going to get married.”
If you haven’t yet, grab your tickets for the 2024 Under 30 Summit here. Registration closes soon!
See you in Cincinnati,
Alex & Zoya
Forbes is excited to offer a limited number of complimentary tickets to top students for the 2024 Forbes Under 30 Summit, taking place in Cincinnati, Ohio, from September 22-25. This is your chance to attend the Summit and join the world’s brightest young leaders, founders and creators. Enjoy four days of unparalleled networking, incredible speakers, and a private concert. Don’t miss out—apply here now. Remember, you must be 21+ to attend!
Honghao Deng (left) and Jiani Zeng (right) were recognized on the 2022 Forbes 30 Under 30 list.
Butlr, an Under 30 Manufacturing & Industry startup that creates passive-monitoring sensors to track movement based on body heat, has been giving big corporations like Walmart and Uber a tool to record foot traffic under their hybrid workplace models. Now with a new Series B round in hand, Butlr says it's putting the technology towards what investors deem a greater cause: senior living communities.
-Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” and “Please Please Please” have been staying put on the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100 for weeks on end, playing almost every time you might turn the radio on. But who’s the mastermind behind those hits, other than Carpenter herself? Forbes Under 30 alum Amy Allen. The songwriter has worked with the likes of Selena Gomez, Sam Smith, Dua Lipa and more–and now she’s helping take Carpenter into the star’s biggest year yet. (The New York Times)
-What’s the song of the summer? You may have your picks and us ours, but Spotify has come out with a definitive list of the top five global songs of the summer. The company used Spotify streaming data, its editorial team’s expertise and cultural impact as criteria for the selections. The list goes: Billie Eilish’s “Birds Of A Feather;” “HOT TO GO” by Chappell Roan; “Not Like Us,” Kendrick Lamar; Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” and, finally, Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy).” Did your song of the summer make the cut? (Spotify Newsroom)
-Alice Walton is officially the world’s wealthiest woman. The only daughter of Sam Walton—the founder of retail giant Walmart—has a fortune of $89.1 billion, per Forbes estimates. She overtook L’Oreal heiress Francoise Bettencourt Meyers of France, who briefly became the first female centibillionaire in June and is now worth an estimated $88.4 billion. This makes Walton, 74, the 18th richest person in the world. (Forbes) 
courtesy of drew afualo
The creator economy is thriving, and could reportedly be worth half-a-trillion dollars by 2027. Drew Afualo, a Forbes Top Creator and upcoming speaker at the 2024 Flagship 30 Under 30 Summit (register now to hear her and other entertainment and business legends speak here), has built an entire business for herself online. Here she shares how she navigated the journey, and how she knows where to go next.
The following has been slightly edited for length and clarity.
What first inspired you to start posting online? Why do you think that early content resonated with viewers? I initially started posting because my fiancé encouraged me to, as a creative outlet. As I continued to post, I started seeing videos of men being openly awful; which then led to me stitching them and the rest is rock and roll history.
I think what resonated with my viewers was the fact that I was laughing in the face of their bigotry, and more than that, swinging back.
Did you follow or subscribe to any particular creators growing up? If so, who were your favorites to watch? I did follow some creators growing up, for sure! I’m a millennial so I was coming up in the YouTube era explosion. Some of my favorite creators were Jackie Aina, Jenna Marbles, Zoella and others from that era.
What’s been the biggest change you’ve seen in the social media space since you started your platform? I think the biggest change I’ve seen is what an impact social media has had on the traditional entertainment industry. I find that beautiful because it has opened the door for so many marginalized people who would’ve never gotten attention from Hollywood had it not been for social media, myself included!
What’s your best piece of advice for turning content creation into a business for yourself? I would say to make sure you start solidifying yourself in different forms of more traditional entertainment as soon as possible, because social media is fleeting and fickle.
As a Forbes Top Creator, you reportedly earned nearly $3 million last year. How do you go about negotiating brand deals and other engagements? What’s your advice to growing creators hoping to do the same? Fortunately, I have the greatest team to ever exist, who are the pioneers behind negotiating my deals and partnerships. My advice would be to steady the course, surround yourself with quality people who care about you and your well-being and make sure you have a lot saved before you pursue content creation full time (because it will be a minute before you make that kind of money, trust me).
How do you determine which avenues to branch into next? For instance, why were a podcast and a book the right fit for your brand? For me, it’s always about my goals and where I want to take my career. So for example, I wanted to get into hosting, so my podcast was a way to start showcasing myself as someone who can banter with talent and host a show. I also wanted my thoughts and ideologies to be taken more seriously as an intellectual, so that’s how the book came about. It’s all about finding avenues that help amplify not just who you are as a creator, but also as a personality in the world of entertainment.
What’s a dream collaboration, brand partnership or project for you right now? I would love to do a fitness collaboration with my fiancé and write comedy with my sister. The sky is truly the limit for me right now, which I feel so lucky to say.
What’s come as the biggest surprise about this career so far? The biggest surprise has been how much people love my laugh to be honest! My laugh is so cultural and so Samoan, so it’s always been very normal to me. It warms my heart to see how many people love it because it reminds me of how much I love my culture and my people.