Strictly Come Dancing fans slammed a 'wrong' choice for Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe as the pair bounced back from being in the bottom two with their latest performance.
The Olympian and Gladiators star, and her professional dance partner were back in the ballroom on Saturday night (November 9) as week eight of the competition arrived after being saved in the dreaded dance-off last weekend. The couple were in the bottom two after failing to make an impression with their waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston.
They were saved by the judges, however, and former Olympic hockey player Sam Quek and professional dancer Nikita Kuzmin were eliminated from the show.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing spoiler leak leaves fans 'worried' as they 'disagree' with result
Marking their comeback in the BBC One dance contest Montell and Johannes scored 36 out of a possible 40 points for their paso doble to Lola’s Theme by The Shapeshifters. But fans weren't happy at all as they felt the couple had been let down by the song choice for their "incredible" routine.
@itsmekye said: "I think that was the wrong song for Montell & Johannes. Great attack but the dance didn’t match the track for me… #Strictly." @Lulllabellle commented: "I watched Montelle's dance again on mute and it was FAR better. Never has a contestant been more screwed over by a song choice #StrictlyComeDancing."
@BrookeAnnTyler posted: "Naughty step for whoever thought lola’s theme was suitable for a paso!!! that said, montell and johannes until i die #Strictly." @@PollyN_Xx shared: "Absolutely shocking song choice for a Paso! Johannes & Montell were incredible #strictly." @TotallyBeans added: "#strictly Wrong Wrong Wrong song choice for Montel &Johannes."
Meanwhile, Johannes shared a message to his celebrity dance partner as he thanked her for pushing through their set back last weeknd. Sharing a joyous video of the pair to his Instagram Story, he said: "I always say @montytrackstar, 'Leave youre heart on the dance floor'. Let's enjoy tonight. Thank you for pushing through!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.