The Midnights singer can’t stop breaking records
Taylor Swift just broke another record.
At Sunday night’s 66th Grammy Awards, the pop star won not only Best Pop Vocal Album, but also Album of the Year for 2022’s Midnights—making her the first person in Grammys history to win Album of the Year four times.
At tonight’s ceremony in Los Angeles, Swift also dropped the bombshell that she is releasing a totally new album.
“Okay, this is my 13th Grammy, which is my lucky number—I don’t know if I had ever told you that,” she joked onstage at Crypto.com Arena, while accepting her first award. “I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I’ve been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand-new album comes out on April 19. It’s called The Tortured Poets Department.”
She released the cover art moments later on Instagram.
Late last year, Swift was officially crowned Spotify’s most-streamed artist of the year, beating out other heavy hitters like Bad Bunny, the Weeknd, and her friend Lana Del Rey, with a jaw-dropping 26.1 billion streams across the globe (a number that has since risen). 
In 2023, Swift made waves with the release of her “Taylor’s Version” rerecorded past albums, two of which (Speak Now and 1989) debuted at no. 1 on the Billboard 200. She has also been breaking records with her global Eras Tour—officially the highest-grossing music tour ever, and the first to surpass $1 billion in revenue, even as it has yet to wrap up.
Lana Del Rey Speaks Out on Grammys Snub
SZA Offers Look at Post-Grammys Hand-Painted Dress
All the Photos From the 2024 Grammys After-Parties
Kylie Minogue Wore “Padam” Red to the 2024 Grammys
Ice Spice Brought the Bronx to L.A. at the Grammys
Taylor Swift Hugs Céline Dion Backstage
Jay-Z Turned His Grammy Into a Cognac Glass
Everything You Missed From the 2024 Grammys
Jay-Z Calls Out the Recording Academy
Blue Ivy Oozes Princess Energy at 2024 Grammys
The Best Twitter Reactions to the Grammys
Céline Dion Makes Rare Appearance at Grammys
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.