Regina McCray and Lamar Toppin talk about the solar eclipse 
Across the Richmond area, people gathered at parks, lawns and even on top of parking garages to catch a glimpse of Monday’s rare solar eclipse. Many of them gathered at the Science Museum of Virginia to share in the experience.
“It’s this very extraterrestrial thing that’s happening that you wouldn’t know unless you had something like this (event) on,” said Alee Halsey of Richmond. “It’s almost like this other world occurring all at once. I love that everyone out in the community is here.”
People gather at the Science Museum of Virginia in Richmond on Monday to watch the partial solar eclipse.
Halsey walked to the Science Museum with her husband, Philip Halsey, and their 3-month-old son, Brent, to take part in the festivities.
“It’s pretty cool,” Philip Halsey said. “I wish we were in the totality ... one day, I believe.”
Viewers in the Richmond area did not get to see the total eclipse — when the moon completely blocks the face of the sun — but did see the moon cover around 83% of the sun at 3:18 p.m.
A solar eclipse seen from Richmond on Monday, April, 8, 2024. The moon covered 83% of the sun at 3:18pm.
As the peak eclipse time approached, the excitement could be felt through the crowd on the museum’s front lawn.
“I thought it was fascinating,” Luke Forbes of Richmond said about the eclipse. “When everybody noticed that it started getting a little darker, a little cooler, I thought that was really cool as well.”
While “Blinding Lights” by The Weeknd played over the loudspeakers, people made sure to wear their eclipse glasses to avoid eye injuries while looking directly at the sun.
Allan Noah of the Richmond Astronomical Society displays the solar eclipse through a telescope.
The Richmond Astronomical Society brought along several telescopes with solar filters for people to get closer looks at the eclipse.
“This is what we live for,” said Terry Barker, a member of the RAS for around 35 years. “Our mission is outreach. It’s awesome to see all these people, especially kids.”
Barker has not seen a total eclipse but has been content to view the partial eclipses that have passed through Richmond.
“I get much more enjoyment out of being here and showing the view to other people,” Barker said. “It’s not all about me, it’s about all these people.”
Nik Belanger looks up at the solar eclipse on April 8, 2024 at the Science Museum in Richmond, Va.
Richmond had some cloud coverage on Monday, according to Times-Dispatch Meteorologist Sean Sublette, but people were mostly able to get a clear view of the solar eclipse. Some people even used their phone cameras through their eclipse glasses to get some images.
The Science Museum provided a few activities, including a booth to make pinhole eclipse viewers. The Children’s Museum of Richmond had a table for kids to make their own solar bead bracelets.
Deandra Henry of Richmond brought her two children to the Science Museum to view the eclipse. Henry said it was an amazing experience compared to when she was a kid.
“It was awesome,” Henry said. “It’s amazing that everybody came out to take a look at it, that everybody’s interested in what’s going on with our universe.”
Jackie Boyd Harris smiles while looking up at the solar eclipse on April 8 at the Science Museum of Virginia.
Henry’s 10-year-old daughter, ZaDai’ Thomas, said her experience was “good,” but she was sad she did not get to see the total eclipse. Henry said their family will have to make plans to see it in 20 years.
The next total solar eclipse in the contiguous United States will occur on Aug. 23, 2044, with the path of totality passing through Montana, North Dakota and a tiny portion of South Dakota.
On Aug. 12, 2045, the path of totality will travel through parts of 15 states from California to Florida, giving people plenty of time to plan if they want to see the total solar eclipse.
“I’m going to start planning now,” said Josue Turrubiates of Richmond. “I’ve heard it’s like a spiritual thing almost; it would be amazing to experience it.”
Jackie Boyd Harris smiles while looking up at the solar eclipse on April 8 at the Science Museum of Virginia.
A solar eclipse seen from Richmond on Monday, April, 8, 2024. The moon covered 83% of the sun at 3:18pm.
A solar eclipse seen from Richmond on Monday, April, 8, 2024. The moon covered 83% of the sun at 3:18pm.
People lay on the ground to watch the solar eclipse on April 8, 2024 at the Science Museum in Richmond, Va.
People gather at the Science Museum of Virginia in Richmond on Monday to watch the partial solar eclipse.
Payton Palumbo looks through a telescope at the solar eclipse on April 8, 2024 at the Science Museum in Richmond, Va.
Jeff Kling and Sallie Grant look up at the solar eclipse on April 8, 2024 at the Science Museum in Richmond, Va.
People stand on top of a parking garage at the Science Museum of Virginia in Richmond and look at the solar eclipse on April 8.
Nik Belanger looks up at the solar eclipse on April 8, 2024 at the Science Museum in Richmond, Va.
People are reflected in a sculpture while looking up at the solar eclipse on April 8, 2024 at the Science Museum in Richmond, Va.
Thad Green (804) 649-6023
tgreen@timesdispatch.com
INSIDE: INSIDE: Rare total eclipse had millions gazing skyward; how it was seen across the state. Page A6
Chesterfield County Reporter
Regina McCray and Lamar Toppin talk about the solar eclipse 
Bottoms up! Local mixology master and bartender Katie Stuart shows what it takes to make an eclipse cocktail. 
Before the total eclipse of 2017, the last one to cover this much American territory was in 1970. And it will not happen again until 2045.
It's not every day that the moon blocks the sun and the ground beneath us shifts. But I'm viewing the eclipse as a blessing, not a curse. That…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.