ByJeff Benjamin
ByJeff Benjamin,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - APRIL 27: Nancy Ajram attends as Tiffany & Co. Celebrates the reopening of NYC ... More Flagship store, The Landmark on April 27, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images for Tiffany & Co.)
After Nancy Ajram’s international moves like recent collaborations with RedOne and Marshmello—the latter of which, “Sah Sah,” became the first Arabic-language track to enter Billboard’s Dance/Electronic chart—the Lebanese singer takes her next global step with a new publishing deal.
Ajram and her label, publisher, and production house In2Musica announced a new publishing deal with the independent music and management company Reservoir Media Inc. (which ranks on Billboard’s Publishers Quarterly for representing clients under Chrysalis Records, Tommy Boy Music, Philly Groove Records, Blue Raincoat Music and Big Life Management) and its sub-publisher PopArabia (which Music Business Weekly estimates owns a 60 percent market share of global music publishing repertoire in the Middle East/North Africa region). The deal includes Ajram’s entire owned catalog from her 25-plus years in the spotlight, including her most recent full-length Nancy 10 from 2021, as well as future works.
“I’m thrilled that In2Musica and I will be partnering with global companies like Reservoir and PopArabia, which have a history of advocating for artists’ rights and taking them around the world,” Ajram said in a statement. “We’re looking forward to reaching even more fans across the world with our music through this publishing partnership.”
Indeed, with 40 million Instagram followers, 7.7 million YouTube subscribers and growing her TikTok account to four million followers since opening it in mid-2020, Nancy is reported as the most-followed Arab celebrity on social media and stands as one of the most visible and accessible musicians from the emerging MENA region. Even Tiffany & Co. recognized her influence when signing her as the luxury brand’s first ambassador from the Arab region.
“Nancy Ajram is a household name in the Middle East, and with the combined expert creative forces of PopArabia and Reservoir, we look forward to helping carve out additional global opportunities for her while also supporting her career and music locally,” says Spek, the Founder & Chief Executive Officer at PopArabia and Executive Vice President of International & Emerging Markets at Reservoir. “We are proud to be working with Nancy Ajram and In2Musica.”
Adds Reservoir’s Founder & Chief Executive Officer Golnar Khosrowshahi, “This deal marks a significant addition to our catalog of music rooted in the Middle East. Working with a global superstar of Nancy’s stature is a meaningful opportunity for Reservoir and PopArabia, as we continue to champion Arabic music locally in the Middle East, as well as across the globe.”
Linking up with Ajram is the latest joint deal for Reservoir and PopArabia following major stars including Egypt’s Mohamed Ramadan (the actor-singer who recently shared a photo with Grammy-nominated producer Scott Scorch to his 28 million Instagram followers), Lebanon’s Zeid Hamdan (a recent breakout music producer and film composer) and Palestine’s Sabreen (the Arabic-music group based in East Jerusalem).
Following other high-profile deals like The Weeknd manager Wassim “Sal” Slaiby launching Universal Arabic Music with Republic Records and UMG in 2021 or the 2022 FIFA World Cup in Qatar bringing together Nicki Minaj, Maluma, Lil Baby and BTS’ Jung Kook with the stars of the region like Davido, Myriam Fares, Rahma Reid and Fahad Al Kubaisi, the growing attention on the MENA region is not slowing down and smart, globally focused deals like this are crucial to help its popular and beloved musicians have as many chances as stars in other regions.
Nancy Ajram most recently dropped the feel-good summer single “Tegy Nenbset” in August with the official music video boasting 26 million views to date: