Searching for your content...

                        In-Language News
                    

Contact Us


 888-776-0942

from 8 AM - 10 PM ET

Jan 04, 2024, 12:30 ET
Share this article
The Unprecedented Exhibit Will Pay Tribute to the Super Bowl, and for the First Time Ever, Include a Showcase of Memorable Super Bowl Commercials from the Past 50 Years
The Interactive Exhibit Will Feature the Vince Lombardi Trophy, Championship Rings from Every Winning Team, Game Balls and Historic Memorabilia from the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Photo Opportunities, Gaming, and the Set from The Weeknd's Halftime Show Performance from Super Bowl LV
Grand Opening, Red-Carpet Event with the Team from CBS' THE NFL TODAY Including Nate Burleson, Bill Cowher, Boomer Esiason, Phil Simms, Moderator Tracy Wolfson, and CBS Sports Chairman Sean McManus on Wednesday, January 17
An Exciting PaleyGX EA Madden NFL 24 E-Sports Tournament on Saturday, February 3
Exhibit is Free to Paley Museum Members
NEW YORK, Jan. 4, 2024 /PRNewswire/ -- The Paley Museum announced today that it will host its first-ever blockbuster exhibit celebrating the Super Bowl in partnership with the National Football League (NFL) and the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Beyond the Big Game will immerse visitors into the experience of the Super Bowl like never before, and will open on Wednesday, January 17, 2024, and run through March 3, 2024, at The Paley Museum on 25 West 52nd Street.
Beyond the Big Game will feature the first-ever showcase of memorable Super Bowl commercials from the past 50 years. From heartwarming to thought-provoking, this collection will show why Super Bowl commercials continue to resonate with fans long after the Vince Lombardi Trophy is hoisted by the winning team. Some of the commercials featured include:
Visitors to Beyond the Big Game will have the opportunity for unique and lasting photo moments with the storied Vince Lombardi Trophy and all 57 team rings from each championship-winning team, as well as The Weeknd's Halftime Show set from Super Bowl LV. There will also be rare artifacts on display including game balls and uniforms from past Super Bowl games on loan from the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
The exhibit will also feature over 150 photos of iconic, thrilling Super Bowl moments, screenings of some of the greatest Super Bowl plays and past Super Bowl games featuring those won by the New York Giants and Jets, Super Bowl Halftime Shows, as well as the historical and exciting showcase of memorable Super Bowl commercials.
The exhibit will kick off on Wednesday, January 17 at 6:30 pm, with a Grand Opening, Red-Carpet event: Kicking Off Super Bowl LVIII on CBS with THE NFL TODAY. This behind-the-scenes look at CBS Sports' upcoming broadcast of Super Bowl LVIII will feature CBS Sports chairman Sean McManus and the elite team of football legends from THE NFL TODAY who will share their favorite Super Bowl memories, including Phil Simms, former New York Giants quarterback and Super Bowl XXI MVP; Bill Cowher, Hall of Famer and Super Bowl–winning head coach with the Pittsburgh Steelers; Boomer Esiason, former NFL quarterback and 1988 NFL Most Valuable Player, who led the Cincinnati Bengals in Super Bowl XXIII; and former NFL wide receiver Nate Burleson, currently studio analyst for THE NFL TODAY and co-host, CBS Mornings. They will be joined by moderator Tracy Wolfson, lead reporter for NFL ON CBS.
"For over fifty years the Super Bowl has served as one of the biggest and most exciting global celebrations, and visitors to Beyond the Big Game will be treated to a thrilling Super Bowl showcase, featuring everything from iconic commercials to some of the game's most memorable moments," said Maureen J. Reidy, the Paley Center's President & CEO. "We're honored to partner with the National Football League and the Pro Football Hall of Fame to present this unprecedented exhibit."
Football and gaming fans can partake in an EA Madden NFL 24 e-sports gaming tournament on Saturday, February 3, featuring prizes in the PaleyGX gaming studio. This state-of-the-art gaming studio features today's hottest games including Madden NFL 24.
Rounding out the family-friendly exhibit will be Super Bowl–themed arts & crafts, fun photos ops, and exciting interactive trivia.
For the full schedule of events and screenings please visit paleycenter.org.
Membership  The Paley Museum's Membership offers free admission to this exciting exhibit. Also included in Paley Membership are advance and discounted tickets to once-in-a-lifetime experiences, including PALEYFEST and PALEYLIVE conversations with celebrities; VIP invitations; access to the Paley Archive with an international collection of more than 160,000 television and radio programs across genres; access to the PaleyGX Gaming Studio and VR Experience; and more. For more information about Paley Membership, visit paleycenter.org/membership.
About The Paley Center for MediaThe Paley Center for Media is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that has proudly made its home in NYC for almost 50 years and operates the iconic Paley Museum. Through its respected programming, the Paley Center leads the discussion about the cultural, creative, and social significance of media, drawing upon its curatorial expertise, an international collection, and close relationships with the media community. The general public can participate in Paley programs in both New York and Los Angeles that explore and celebrate the creativity, the innovations, the talent, and the leaders who are shaping media. The public can also access the Paley Center's permanent media collection, The Paley Archive, often referred to as a national treasure, containing over 160,000 television and radio programs and advertisements. Through the global programs of its Media Council and International Council, the Paley Center also serves as a neutral setting where media professionals can engage in discussion and debate about the evolving media landscape. Previously known as The Museum of Television & Radio, the Paley Center was founded in 1975 by William S. Paley, a pioneering innovator in the industry. For more information about The Paley Center for Media, and to learn about the Paley Center's acclaimed programming, please visit paleycenter.org.
SOURCE The Paley Center for Media
The Paley Center for Media announced today the dates and location for the 2025 Paley International Council Summit: Global Media Unbound: The Future...
The Paley Center for Media is proud to announce it has been awarded by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) a Grants for Arts Projects award of...
Entertainment
General Sports
Art
Sporting Events
Do not sell or share my personal information: