Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The achievement comes months after she released her third studio album, 'Hit Me Hard and Soft.'

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Billie Eilish is clearly feeling happier than ever thanks to her latest Spotify milestone.

	The Grammy winner is the No. 1 most streamed monthly artist on the audio streamer as of June 2024, Spotify announced on Monday. The Weeknd (real name Abel Tesfaye) previously held the top spot.



	Eilish later took to her Instagram to share her excitement as well as show her fans some love. “Number 1 in the world on spotify i really can’t even believe this. i love you all so much this is the craziest thing ever,” she wrote.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			







A post shared by BILLIE EILISH (@billieeilish)

	The “What Was I Made For?” singer also became only the third — and youngest-ever — artist to reach 100 million monthly listeners on Spotify. The first two artists to achieve the milestone were Taylor Swift and The Weeknd.

	










	Earlier this month, the “Blinding Lights” singer expressed his support for Eilish as she was nearing his record. He shared a post from an Eilish fan account on X, formerly Twitter, which read, “Billie Eilish is now less than 1 million listeners away from becoming the #1 artist with most monthly listeners on Spotify.”

	The Weeknd added in his post, “Let’s go!”

	The “Birds Of A Feather” artist released her third studio album, Hit Me Hard and Soft, in April. The album, which featured 10 tracks, debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 chart.

	As for Eilish’s other Spotify records, she currently has eight songs in the music platform’s Billions Club (songs that have surpassed one billion streams). Those tracks include “Lovely” with Khalid, “Bad Guy,” “When the Party’s Over,” “Everything I Wanted,” “Ocean Eyes,” “Happier Than Ever,” “Idontwannabeyouanymore” and “Bury a Friend.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.