Lilah Nafziger, grade 3, Washington
Maria Issa, grade 3, Fox Creek
Each week, “Flying Horse” features dozens of Central Illinois children’s thoughts and drawings on various topics. This week: Open topic 
The Philippines: The Philippines is my favorite place to be. I have a bunch of family there, although I live in Illinois. I can still text and call them. When I visit them, I sometimes go in December or October and spend a lot of time with them.
Josey Baird
Grade 5, Calvary
Holidays are special: One reason holidays are special is that you can visit your family on holidays. Another reason is that you get presents on some holidays. The last reason is that some holidays celebrate special people.
Shannon Almoto Casco
Grade 4, Fairview
School: I like school. You learn a lot. I like my teacher. I go to Grove. It is seven hours each day. I like Fridays. They are fun. We have STEAM trivia on Friday. 
Oliver Wooten
Grade 1, Grove 
Christmas: My favorite holiday is Christmas.
Lexi Hakes
Grade 3, Grove
Earth: I love earth.
Saanvika Yezzuraraapu
Grade 4, Grove
Ice fishing: I like winter because the lake freezes over and then I can go ice fishing. I like to go with my dad. It is fun. We have six holes usually and a heater. We catch a lot of fish.
Easton Dailey
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
Recess: I like to play outside recess.  I like to play tag. I like to play tag with my friends.
Aadi Avala
Grade 5, Northpoint 
My birthday: I love my birthday. I see my aunt. I get presents. I see my friends.
Paisleigh Ferguson
Grade 2, Parkside
My routine: I will talk about my routine. I wake up. I get dressed. I go to day care. I go to school. I learn at school. I love school. I go home. I eat dinner. I get my pajamas on and I wait for the next day.
Dana Coyne
Grade 3, Sheridan
Xmas: I love Christmas. It is so relaxing. I love it.
Joslyn Smith
Grade 2, Stevenson
Favorite subjects: My favorite subjects are art, P.E. and music. Art is about drawing, coloring and painting, Yesterday I had art and I had to paint a snowman’s face and arms. Today I have P.E. and I don’t know what we’re going to do. Music is about songs and dancing, and moving around.
Francezz Marine
Grade 3, Stevenson
The best vacation: My best vacation was at Disney and Universal. When we went to Universal I went on a rollercoaster that went upside down. At Disney I went on a roller coaster that went really fast.
Brigham Kruger
Grade 5, Calvary
The holidays: The holidays are special because you get to spend time with family. You can eat new food with family and make new food with your family. You won’t forget some of the things you did with your family.
Tiahna Abbott
Grade 4, Fairview
The food chain: To make a food chain you need circles with a picture of the animal or plant. You also start your food chain with plants. Then you put down what eats that thing and use a line to connect what eats the thing like the picture.
Claire Sanders
Grade 3, Grove
Dragons: Dragons are very cool. I wish I had a pet dragon so I could ride him to school instead of the bus. Dragons breathe fire too. I could have him burn burglars. His fire would be 10,000 degrees Celsius. The dragons name would be Sparky.
Roland Roberts
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
My dad's birthday: We went to my house for my dad's birthday. Dad got a refrigerator for his birthday. We eat chocolate cake. We ate chocolate cake.  
Aiden Smallwood
Grade 5, Northpoint 
Favorite games: My favorite games to play are Zelda Breath of the Wild because I can fight enemies and Mario Kart because I like racing. Four square is another game I play. I can play with my friends at school.
Bennett Wort
Grade 2, Parkside
Loves everyone: My dogs love me and my mom loves me. This Christmas I am going to my mom’s. I love everybody, even you. Every day is the best. This Christmas will be the best.
Jordin Caldwell
Grade 3, Sheridan
Strawberry ice cream: My favorite ice cream is strawberry. I like it with chocolate frosting and sprinkles. I only have ice cream when it is hot. People sometimes have it when it is cold. My family and I don't because it is going to make you colder. Some people don't like to be cold. My family doesn't. 
Elora Jennings
Grade 2, Stevenson 
Football: Football is my favorite sport but basketball is pretty good. I think Michael Jordan is my favorite player in MLB history. 
Tae’veon Miles
Grade 3, Stevenson
My dog: I love having a dog. Her name is Bailey and she loves my dad. She begs to play with him. She is at home when we’re at school. She is the best.
Haddon Loggans
Grade 5, Calvary
Why holidays are special: I think holidays are special because you get to spend time with your family. Second, I think the holidays are special because you get to eat yummy foods. Finally, they are special because you get to open presents with your family.
Isaac Wilcox
Grade 4, Fairview
My teacher: My teachers name is Mrs. Hospelhorn. She gives us fun stuff and fun activities. I love my great, great teacher. My teacher keeps me and my classmates safe. My teacher is the best teacher ever. I love my teacher.
Luna Szabo
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
The Dominican Republic: I like to vacation in the Dominican Republic. My cousin, Camilla, lives there. We watch the "SpongeBob SquarePants Movie."
Marcos Abreu Arias
Grade 5, Northpoint 
Universal: I love to go to Universal because I can go with my family. At Universal there is a ride that everyone has to get the most coins. How to get coins is you have to turn at the right time and press this button to throw shells and hit bad people.
Brielle Villafuerte
Grade 2, Parkside
Favorite sport: My favorite sport is soccer because it is fun and it works out my legs. It is cool to kick the ball in the goal. It is fun to go against friends.
Carsen Smith
Grade 3, Sheridan
P.E.: I am going to P.E. today and we are going to have lots of fun. P.E. is the best. It is the most fun thing in school. We get to run and get to play games.
Marshun Williams
Grade 2, Stevenson 
Art class: My favorite subject is art. I like drawing anime. My teacher is Mrs. Jackson. She is very kind. Whenever we do Friday fun we do fun activities. My favorite game is Prilda's Track & Field. My favorite event is 100 meters. My record is 10.853 seconds.
Elijah Pablo
Grade 3, Stevenson
Giving and receiving: Gifts are amazing but I loved wrapping and giving gifts.
Hayleigh Stolzenbach
Grade 5, Calvary
Celebrate: Holidays are special because you get to celebrate important people in our lives who saved us. Holidays are special because we get to spend quality time with our families and friends. Holidays are extremely special because it’s a reminder of our past and our loves.
Zoey Santana
Grade 4, Fairview
Dog tricks: My dog can do lots of tricks. She can roll over and over and over. She can sit down when we tell her to. We hold a treat down and she lies.
Steele Hitchens
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
Homework: I completed Homework. Good Work. Amazing A Complete. 
Mason Moore
Grade 5, Northpoint 
Four pets: I have four pets at home. I have a lizard. I help take care of her. Her name is Lemon. She is a green anole. I have a dog. He likes to play with me. His name is Bou. I have some fish. I have a cat. Her name is Kitty.
Emalee Scearce
Grade 2, Parkside
Holiday travel: During Christmas we like to travel to other family houses. We also like to go to hotels. We eat hot cocoa and nachos. We go to the pool and when my mom calls us and we can go back. We eat breakfast and unwrap the presents.
Christopher Riley
Grade 3, Sheridan
Baking cookies: My passion is baking cookies. My mom can help me bake the cookies with me. My sister can help me. Everyone in my family can help me. 
Autumn Smith
Grade 2, Stevenson 
The Weeknd: So I am going to tell you about the Weeknd, the artist. He is cute but his music is the best music ever and his song "Die for You" is beautiful and sweet.
Nevaeh Daniels
Grade 3, Stevenson
Christmas break: On Christmas break I travel with my family to my grandparents’ house. We celebrate Jesus’ birth. It’s so fun.
Linden Bennett
Grade 5, Calvary
Time with family: The holidays are very special because you get to visit family members that you don’t see often. You can buy, make, or receive gifts from family and friends, and the most important part, you get to have fun and hang out with the people you care for.
Harper Stuehlmeyer
Grade 4, Fairview
Six pets: I love my pets. I have six pets. I have three cats. One is white and one is black. I have a snake and it is black and orange.
Aidyn Agamy
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
Dogs that fetch, cats that cuddle and birds that sing are just some of the many kinds of pets. Or maybe your favorite animal lives in the wild. Write or draw about your favorite pets or animals.
Due date: Jan. 22
Publication dates: Feb. 4
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.