By
Tina Benitez-Eves
Updated: 
Nearly a decade after No Doubt played their final shows together, the band is set to reunite to perform at Coachella 2024, which will run over two weekends, April 12-14 and 19-21 at the Empire Polo Club in Indio, California. The band, led by Gwen Stefani, released their sixth album Push and Shove in 2012 before taking a break in 2015 to pursue individual projects. No Doubt last performed at the Kaaboo Festival in Del Mar, California on September 18, 2015. Following their hiatus, Stefani released several solo songs, including “True Babe” in 2023, and has returned several times to serve as a coach on The Voice since first appearing on the singing competition in 2014. Prior to the band’s reveal as a performer at Coachella, No Doubt teased a possible reunion on Instagram with a video of Stefani looking at the band’s original collage cover art from their 1995 album The Beacon Street Collection. 
[RELATED: Behind the Song Lyrics: “Just A Girl,” No Doubt]
As she took a trip down memory lane, Stefani decided to text bassist Tony Kanal, while the band’s 1995 hit “Just a Girl” played. Then, the texting turned into a four-way video chat between the two, along with guitarist Tom Dumont and drummer Adrian Young.
A post shared by No Doubt (@nodoubt)
No Doubt is cryptically listed on their own at the bottom of the 2024 Coachella lineup, which also features headliners Doja Cat, Lana Del Rey, Tyler, the Creator, along with other performers Blur, Jon Batiste, Ice Spice, J Balvin, Peso Pluma, Sublime, Bleachers, and more.An appearance by No Doubt and reunion, along with the list of performers slated for the festival 2024 will likely make up for a fragmented bill the previous year. In 2023, Coachella featured headliners Blackpink, Bad Bunny, and Frank Ocean, who was criticized for his tardiness, being barely visible on stage to a majority of the fans in the audience, and other production issues, which left many concertgoers disappointed. Ocean also pulled out of his second weekend headlining slot due to an injury. “Frank Ocean will not be performing at weekend two of Coachella,” read a statement by Ocean’s rep to American Songwriter. “After suffering an injury to his leg on festival grounds in the week leading up to weekend one, Frank Ocean was unable to perform the intended show but was still intent on performing, and in 72 hours, the show was reworked out of necessity. On doctor’s advice, [Ocean] is not able to perform weekend two due to two fractures and a sprain in his left leg.”
The statement concluded with a message from Ocean. “It was chaotic,” said Ocean. “There is some beauty in chaos. It isn’t what I intended to show but I did enjoy being out there and I’ll see you soon.
[RELATED: 10 of the Best No Doubt Songs Spanning 20 Years of Albums]
The 2023 festival kicked off by a Blink-182 reunion featuring the classic lineup of drummer Travis Barker, bassist Mark Hoppus, and guitarist Tom DeLonge, who also filled for Ocean the second weekend and also included urprise performances by Billie Eilish, The Weeknd, and Tyler, the Creator. 
This year Coachella is one again partnering with YouTube as the exclusive livestream partner for both festival sweekends on the official YouTube channel. A series of tickets and bundles are available for both weekends, including hotel packages bundled with festival passes, which feature local lodging and transportation.Presale starts on January 19. (Go to StubHub to get tickets for Coachella 2024.) 
If you purchase through links on our site we may earn an affiliate commission.
Photo: Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand