By SAM JOSEPH SEMON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:02, 21 January 2024   |  Updated:  17:33, 21 January 2024   
 122
View  comments
Selena Gomez introduced her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, to her Only Murders In The Building costars Steve Martin and Martin Short during the 75th Annual Primetime Emmy Awards, which took place in Los Angeles this past Monday.
According to TMZ, the 31-year-old actress approached her castmates, to whom she has grown particularly close, just prior to the start of the event.
The Disney Channel alumna, who was recently announced to star as Linda Ronstadt in an upcoming biopic, then brought her partner over to meet the actors, and the four chatted for about five minutes before heading inside the Peacock Theater.
Blanco, 35, was also pictured while shaking Short's hand prior to the start of the event.
Although Only Murders In The Building was nominated for a total of 11 Emmy Awards, it only won the title of Outstanding Production Design For A Narrative Program (Half-Hour).
Selena Gomez introduced her boyfriend, Benny Blanco, to her Only Murders In The Building costars Steve Martin and Martin Short during the 75th Annual Emmy Awards, which took place in Los Angeles this past Monday
According to TMZ , the 31-year-old actress approached her castmates, to whom she has grown particularly close, just prior to the start of the event; pictured Monday
Gomez and her boyfriend were first linked in 2019, when they collaborated on the track I Can't Get Enough alongside J Balvin and Tainy.
The Lose You To Love Me singer had previously been romantically connected to figures such as Justin Bieber and The Weeknd.
The performer, who is currently producing a revival of Wizards of Waverly Place, eventually moved on with Blanco, and their second collaborative track, Single Soon, made its debut this past August.
The pair began raising suspicions among fans when Selena started leaving flirty messages on the Benny's Instagram posts this past November.
The Grammy Award-winning singer went on to post an image featuring her boyfriend on her Story in December, and they were spotted for the first time on a date earlier this month.
Gomez and Blanco have since accompanied each other to several events.
A source recently spoke to Entertainment Tonight and told the outlet that the singer and the producer were a great match. 
'Benny is a great communicator, is honest and open with Selena, and listens to her. He's respectful, isn't a player, and not in it for the attention or fame. He doesn't care about any of that and Selena sees that and really trusts him,' they said.
The Disney Channel alum, who will star as Linda Ronstadt in an upcoming biopic, brought her partner over to meet the actors, and they chatted for about five minutes before heading inside
Gomez and her boyfriend were first linked in 2019, when they collaborated on the track I Can't Get Enough alongside J Balvin and Tainy; seen January 3 in LA
A source recently spoke to Entertainment Tonight and told the media outlet that the singer and the producer were a great match
The insider went on to state that Gomez felt as if she could fully open up to the music industry figure. 
'She feels like she can give him a part of her heart that she hasn't been able to, or willing to, offer in a relationship in a very long time,' they said.
The source concluded by stating that the singer was happy to have started a relationship with the producer. 
'Selena feels like she has finally found one of the good guys and it's been very refreshing for her,' they said.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group