Future, on the other hand, cheekily asked, "there was a beef?" in a new GQ feature.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	You might recall that Future and Metro Boomin‘s hit two-fer We Don’t Trust You and it’s sequel album, We Still Don’t Trust You, were larded with shots at Drake. Not only from the two stars whose names were on the cover, but also from The Weeknd, A$AP Rocky and Kendrick Lamar. At the time, the barrage of disses were a head-scratcher to some, since Drizzy had worked with all parties in the past, even if some of those relationships had sometimes run hot and cold.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Future		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Now, according to a series of tweets from hip-hop journalist Elliott Wilson of pages from the new Men of the Year issue of GQ in which Hitmakers of the Year Future and Metro Boomin dig into the origins of their beef with Drake, the heart of the matter was personal, not professional.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Me and [Drake], we had a personal issue, and for the record, not over no girl or nothing silly like that,” Metro told GQ senior editor Frazier Tharpe about the war of words sparked by the Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 Kendrick Lamar-featuring song he produced for the first Trust You volume, “Like That”; that track was a response to the 2023 Drake/J. Cole song “First Person Shooter.”

	“It was a personal issue that really hurt me and disappointed me,” Boomin’ said, without specifying what he was referring to. “But if you take all the rap entertainment out of it, it’s like, have you ever been real cool with somebody, and y’all fell out over something? It happens every day. It’s just regular s–t. This just happens to have an audience.”

	As for chatter that Boomin’ cooked up his two-album set with Future with the explicit aim of dumping on Drake, the producer/songwriter said that was “for sure” nonsense. “People really think we sat for two years, making two albums [to be] like, Yo, f–k this dude. What kind of s-t is that?,” Boomin, 31, said. “You really think we are going to spend that much time, effort, resources on just trying to get at somebody on an album? Blowing budgets on two albums—going over budget? That’s some serious hate. Neither one of us rock like that.”

	Though the albums kicked up a lot of dust and attention, Boomin told the magazine that he did have some regrets about how he handled the issue online in a series of tweets attacking Drake in response to Drizzy firing back with his own Metro/Lamar diss tracks, “Push Ups” and “Family Matters.”

	










	“Now I did have my moment online, which I do regret. I should have been stronger than that. That was out of character for me,” Boomin said. “But at a certain point, it’s like, I don’t rap, bro, so you’re going to just s–t on me on all of these songs […] I’m not going to get in the booth, so I’m finna tweet at you.”

	While Boomin was willing to open up about his feelings about the feud, Future was more circumspect, saying, “There was a beef?… I didn’t even know there was a beef. I didn’t even know they had nothing going on. I ain’t never participated in rap battles, man.”

	Despite his seemingly joking response, Future did wonder why no one asked him if he was upset at being left out of the “Big Three” list on “First Person Shooter,” on which Cole claimed he, Drake and Lamar are the undisputed top tier of modern hip-hip.

	“I’m supposed to be the one who gets mad; I’m still confused about that,” Future told GQ, according to Wilson’s posts. “Nobody cares what I think. That’s what was so f–ked up about the s–t. To the point where I’m so player that I ain’t even said anything to the public about how I feel about it. Like, why is everybody mad when he was talking about me on my song? So y’all just forgot about me, I ain’t part of this Big Three, I’m nobody on my song, man.”

	At press time a spokesperson for GQ had not responded to Billboard‘s request for confirmation of the quotes posted by Wilson.

	Last month, in a tweet from jail, Young Thug called for peace between Drake, Future and Metro. “@Drake @1future @MetroBoomin we all bruddas. Music aint the same without us collabin,” wrote the MC who was released from jail after cutting a plea deal in his long running YSL RICO case in Georgia.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.