By CONNIE RUSK and JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:51, 6 December 2024   |  Updated:  16:48, 6 December 2024   
 247
View  comments
Lily-Rose Depp proved she is the Hollywood star of the moment as she starred in a smouldering photoshoot. 
The actress, 25, has been tipped for awards glory for her role in the 1922 vampire reboot of Nosferatu. 
And Lily-Rose showed off her star quality as she posed in a range of designer outfits for an at home themed shoot for Interview Magazine.
For one look, Lily-Rose, who is the daughter of Johnny Depp and French actress Vanessa Paradis, showed off her toned figure in a tiny aqua bralet and matching shorts as she posed by a dressing table. 
In another shot, the model puffed on a cigarette as she lounged on the grass in a purple dress from Chloe. 
Lily-Rose also seductively lay on a bed in a form-fitting black Chanel bodysuit and rocked heeled Tods.  
Lily-Rose Depp proved she is the Hollywood star of the moment as she starred in a smouldering photoshoot. For one look, the actress showed off her toned figure in a tiny aqua bralet
In another shot, the model puffed on a cigarette as she lounged on the grass in a purple dress from Chloe 
Lily-Rose also seductively posed on a bed in a form-fitting black Chanel bodysuit and rocked heeled Tods 
Other shots included Lily-Rose in various settings - from gardening with a huge pair of secateurs to holding bags of food after a grocery shop. 
In the accompanying interview, Lily-Rose gave a rare insight into her down to earth childhood with brother Jack and their famous parents in France. 
Speaking to her friend Natalie Portman, who she's known since she was a child, Lily-Rose admitted her latest role in vampire flick Nosferatu has earned her some 'cool' points with her little brother Jack, 22.
Jack has remained out of the spotlight unlike his famous family, but Lily-Rose has called him 'the coolest person ever' and says he's fully supportive of her latest starring role. 
'This one in particular was big for me, because my brother and I both were super obsessed with Dracula when we were younger. My brother used to dress up like Dracula when he was a kid for school,' the actress recalled.
'I was like, "Wow, if I get this part my brother's going to finally think I'm cool," ' she added. 'It's the classic thing of when you have a younger sibling, they think you're so cool when you're kids, and then when you get older, now I think he's so cool, and I'm like, "Let's hang!" And he's like, "I'm busy." But yeah, I think I got some points with this one.'
Lily-Rose also has a close relationship with her parents and told her friend Natalie she is "so grateful" to them for making her and Jack's childhood as normal as possible despite their nomadic lifestyle. 
'I definitely want to have kids and when that time comes, I'll be bringing them around. I grew up that way, and as much as there were moments where I was like, "I want to be at school with my friends," now that I'm older, I'm so grateful,' she explained of her upbringing on film sets.
'Not only that I have travelled so much, thanks to my parents having to bring me around, but also for what I now see as the work that they put into making sure that my brother and I had a life in these places that were not ours.'
Lily channelled a tennis inspired look in a Lacoste polo T-shirt and briefs 
In another shot, the actress put on a stylish display in a shirt and jumper from Loro Piana and Levis jeans
Other shots included Lily-Rose in various settings - from gardening with a huge pair of secateurs to holding bags of food after a grocery shop 
Lily-Rose read in bed in a peach Chloe top with a drawing of herself pinned to the way 
The actress, 25, has been tipped for awards glory for her role in the 1922 vampire reboot of Nosferatu
Lily-Rose appeared in her element as she posed up a storm for the camera 
Lily-Rose also wore a leotard and wrap-over in a ballet inspired look 
The actress looked effortlessly cool as she rocked Levi jeans and a denim jacket while carrying two bags of food
Read the full interview in Interview Magazine - out now 
'At the time I wouldn't have seen it, but now I see that as conscious efforts that my parents were making to make me and my brother feel at home.'
Unlike Johnny and now Lily-Rose, Jack has remained out of the spotlight, and didn't seem to be too interested in following in his father's footsteps back in 2014.
'My boy, Jack, has always been a very talented draftsman,' Johnny told the Philippine Daily Inquirer at the time.
'He draws really super well. He also plays music very well. He's got a good feel for that. Aside from school plays and things, he hasn't shown any desire to become an actor. Whew.' 
Johnny also shared with Rolling Stone in 2018 that his son was part of a band called Clown Boner, in which he follows in his dad's footsteps by playing guitar. 
Lily-Rose meanwhile has previously slammed the idea that she has landed roles due to family connections but has admitted she has 'had a foot in the door' thanks to Johnny and Vanessa. 
Early reviewers have declared Lily-Rose has broken away from the nepo-baby mould and is 'outstanding' as Ellen Hutter, 
Lily-Rose admitted her latest role in vampire flick Nosferatu has earned her some 'cool' points with her little brother Jack, 22 (pictured together as children)
Lily-Rose has a close relationship with her parents and says that she is "so grateful" to them for making her and Jack's childhood as normal as possible (pictured in 2013 with Johnny)
'Nothing is going to get you the part except for being right for the part.' she told Elle in 2022.
'The internet cares a lot more about who your family is than the people who are casting you in things. Maybe you get your foot in the door, but you still just have your foot in the door. There's a lot of work that comes after that.' 
Lily-Rose has had a huge renaissance after the flop of her HBO series The Idol -  according to critics who have watched Nosferatu. 
The actress starred in The Idol last year alongside The Weeknd, but it ended after just five episodes following substantial backlash over its disturbing content. 
However, her performance in the reboot of the classic 1922 movie Nosferatu has been hailed by critics and received a 93% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. 
Early reviewers have declared Lily-Rose has broken away from the nepo-baby mould and is 'outstanding' as Ellen Hutter, a young woman suffering from seizures when possessed by vampire Count Orlok (Bill Skarsgård) in the Robert Eggers chilling remake.  
Some critics have even claimed Lily-Rose could earn Oscar recognition for the film, which premiered in Berlin on Monday night and is set for release on January 3.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group