Meryl Streep, Meghan Trainor and Stevie Wonder are also set to appear at the awards show on April 1
George Pimentel/Shutterstock; Gilbert Flores/Variety via Getty; Image Press Agency/NurPhoto/Shutterstock; Steve Granitz/FilmMagic
 The 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards announcements keep on coming.

 On Thursday, it was revealed that the show will feature special appearances from Avril Lavigne, Jennifer Hudson, JoJo Siwa, Katy Perry and more, per a press release.

 Also set to make appearances are GloRilla, Jared Leto, Latto, Meghan Trainor, Meryl Streep, Niecy Nash-Betts, Peso Pluma, Ravi Patel, Stevie Wonder, T-Pain, Vella Lovell and more.

 Additionally, Green Day and TLC are set to receive the iHeartRadio Landmark Awards. 

Cindy Ord/WireImage
 Last week, it was revealed that Ludacris will be hosting and performing at the iHeartRadio Music Awards!

 “I’m looking forward to hosting the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards and sharing the stage with some of the best in music,” said the 46-year-old rapper in a statement. “It will be an amazing night celebrating fan-favorite artists with special performances that fans won’t want to miss.”

 It was also announced that Beyoncé will receive the Innovator Award at this year’s show, marking her influence on pop culture, her various creative risks throughout her career, and her ability to “successfully transform [her] music,” per a press release.

 The 32-time Grammy winner will receive the honor just two days after the release of her upcoming ninth studio album, Act II: Cowboy Carter. Beyoncé initially announced she was releasing a new album during a Super Bowl commercial in February. (Also during the Super Bowl, Ludacris made a surprise appearance alongside Usher for the latter’s halftime show.)

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

Robert Gauthier/Los Angeles Times via Getty Images
 At this year's awards show, Cher is set to receive the Icon Award with a special musical tribute.

 The "Believe" musician, 77, will be honored for “her unparalleled contributions to music and pop culture for over seven decades," said a press release.

 In addition to the tribute performance, Justin Timberlake, Green Day, TLC, Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson and Tate McRae are all set to perform during this year's event.

 In terms of nominations, Taylor Swift stands as the musician with the most — after scoring a total of nine of them. Jelly Roll, SZA and 21 Savage trail just behind with a total of eight nominations.

 Those four artists will be competing for song of the year alongside Olivia Rodrigo, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Luke Combs, Miley Cyrus, Morgan Wallen, Rema and Selena Gomez and 21 Savage’s collaborators on the nominated song “Creepin’,” Metro Boomin and The Weeknd.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)