The star has unveiled two more tracks from her upcoming seventh album.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Ariana Grande is dropping more teasers for her upcoming album.

	On Saturday (Jan. 27), the 30-year-old pop star took to Instagram to unveil a new alternate cover for her seventh album, Eternal Sunshine, and teased a tracklist containing two more songs from the forthcoming set.

	Earlier this month, the Wicked star unleashed Eternal Sunshine lead single “Yes, And?” and announced that the album will be released on March 8.

	The latest alternate cover is a beautiful photograph showing the back of Grande’s head as she sports a blonde ponytail and white dress while resting on the shoulder of a similarly dressed woman. The exclusive cover can be pre-ordered through her website here.

	The Grammy winner previously confirmed that Eternal Sunshine would have multiple covers. The artwork for “Yes, And?” features close-up photo of Grande’s face and red lips, while other alternate covers find the singer posing in a white babydoll top and red tulle gloves.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Grande’s other big reveal on Saturday was a teaser of the Eternal Sunshine‘s 13-song tracklist in her Instagram Story. The opener is titled “Intro (End of the World), the fifth song is “Eternal Sunshine,” and song No. 9 is “Yes, And?” No other songs were revealed at press time. 

	This week, the Victorious alum scored her eighth No. 1 hit on the Billboard Hot 100 as her latest single “Yes, And?” debuted in the top spot on the chart, less than two months ahead of her March-slated Eternal Sunshine.

	“it is overwhelming and so sincerely moving to see how many of you this song has resonated with,” Grande wrote in her Instagram Story on Jan. 22. “it is such a gift to feel so seen and held by you! thank you for your positivity, for your support and for everything. you have no idea how much you mean to me! this is absolutely because of and entirely for you. thank you!”

	The star’s latest album rollout follows her yearslong break from music, having spent the time since 2020’s Positions focusing on her R.E.M. Beauty business and her role in the upcoming live-action adaptations of the Broadway musical Wicked. In the past three years, her pop star endeavors have only spanned guesting on other artists’ songs here and there (such as the Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 hit “Die for You” with The Weeknd and “Met Him Last Night” with Demi Lovato) and releasing a 10th anniversary edition of her debut album, Yours Truly.

	Check out Grande’s newest Eternal Sunshine alternate cover on Instagram below.

	









A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.