The upcoming project is the final piece of his 'After Hours' and 'Dawn FM' trilogy. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

The Weeknd‘s eagerly awaited next project is officially on the way. The Toronto superstar revealed the details for his album on Wednesday (Sept. 4) with a chilling new trailer that gives fans a peek into his inner monologue. Titled Hurry Up Tomorrow, the offering will serve as the culmination of his trilogy, following Dawn FM (2022) and After Hours (2020).

	The dramatic clip features a black background with large red text scrolling throughout. “Yesterday was 14 years ago… We held our breath, falling into a shimmering sea in the after hours of the night… Attempted to cleanse the wounds with melodies and lights, a bulletproof bandage to shield what lies beneath,” it reads.

	










	“In a place where the seasons never changed, where time ceased to exist. But therein lies the problem. Today has felt like an endless spin. I keep distorting the truth, immune to the dizziness, numb to the nausea. What lies beneath — screams in silence.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					The Weeknd's 'Hurry Up Tomorrow' Film Trailer Hints At A Mind-Bending Experience		
			






A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)

	The message continues, “I look in the mirror and feel both old and new, stuck in limbo and unable to move. I still haven’t faced myself. More songs could help, but what do I have left to say? Woes is me in my gilded cage, right?

	“The very thing that once made me invincible failed me on the world stage. A new trauma surfaced, opening floodgates. A new path awaits. When today ends, I’ll discover who I am.” 

	According to a press release, the LP aims to “represent the creative apex of the project, serving as the third and final chapter crafted with existential and self-referential themes as seen with the latest visionary teasers that have set fans ablaze with anticipation for this concluding installment.”

	In addition to embarking on his album campaign, the “Blinding Lights” singer is opening his Halloween Horror Nights experience at Universal Studios and also arriving into São Paulo to perform his one-of-a-kind concert experience. The livestream of the latter will begin on Sept. 7 at 8 p.m. and can be viewed here. 
A post shared by Abel (@theweeknd)

	The four-time Grammy winner’s last full-length offering was the aforementioned Dawn FM in January 2022. The widely successful album debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 with 148,000 album-equivalent units sold. It was led by singles like “Take My Breath,” “Starry Eyes” by Mike Dean, and “Out Of Time” and boasted guest appearances from Lil Wayne and Tyler, The Creator. Revisit the project below and check out the Hurry Up Tomorrow trailer above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.