By TERRY ZELLER AT DAILYMAIL.COM and CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  02:29, 18 March 2024   |  Updated:  07:33, 18 March 2024   
 43
View  comments
Zendaya and Tom Holland looked totally loved up at the BNP Paribas Open on Sunday.
The Emmy-winning actress and the British heartthrob, both 27, cut casual figures as they were spotted arriving at the Women's Final in Indian Wells Tennis Garden in California.
Looking sporty chic in a tennis skirt and matching crop top, Zendaya — who plays a tennis coach in the upcoming Challengers film — flashed her megawatt smile before entering the venue.
While seated in the stands, a polo-clad Tom looked handsome as he cozied up to his girlfriend, and they shared a laugh.
Later, Zendaya congratulated the winner of the big match, Iga Swiatek, as they posed together near the tennis court.
Zendaya and Tom Holland looked so loved up at the BNP Paribas Open on Sunday
The Emmy-winning actress and the British heartthrob, both 27, cut casual figures as they were spotted at the Women's Final in Indian Wells Tennis Garden in California 
World No. 1 Iga defeated Maria Sakkari in the finals.
The outing comes after Zendaya and Tom put on a united front at the Dune: Part Two premiere in London in February. Zendaya stars in the film.
Split rumors began circulating in January that the acting couple were no more when Zendaya unfollowed Tom on Instagram.
However, Zendaya unfollowed everyone and Tom still followed her.
Adding to the concern of fans was the fact that the Golden Globe winning actress and the Spider-Man actor haven't been photographed together since October 25, when they were snapped grocery shopping in Los Angeles.
But again, a source with direct knowledge says the couple were seen together as recently as New Year's Eve, according to TMZ.
Also, at the Critics Choice Awards 2024, Tom shared several rare comments about his and Zendaya's private life.
Speaking to Extra, Tom said: 'Zendaya and I will, every now and then, watch Spider-Man 1 and reminisce about being 19 and making those movies again.
Looking sporty chic in a tennis skirt and matching crop top, Zendaya flashed her megawatt smile before entering the venue
Zendaya looked like she stepped off the set of her upcoming tennis-themed film
While seated in the stands, a polo-clad Tom looked handsome as he cozied up to his girlfriend
The outing comes after Zendaya and Tom put on a united front at the Dune: Part Two premiere in London in February. Zendaya stars in the film
Split rumors began circulating in January that the acting couple were no more when Zendaya unfollowed Tom on Instagram
However, Zendaya unfollowed everyone and Tom still followed her
'I love those movies, and I love savoring those moments, so I try not to watch them as often as I would maybe like to because it’s so special. It’s such a luxury, such a gift to be able to sit down and sort of relive your youth.'
He also divulged that the Euphoria actress supports him in his career, explaining that she watched his series The Crowded Room frequently and gave him feedback.
Tom said: 'She watched [The Crowded Room] with me while we were editing it — I would send her episodes and asked her what she thought, so she definitely has seen it more times than I would have expected her to see it.'
He and Zendaya finally went public with their relationship in 2021 but it is thought that they began dating as early as 2017.
The tennis match appearance comes after her latest film Dune: Part Two surpassed $367.5 million globally at the box office. 
Dune: Part Two was originally scheduled to open in theaters November 23, in time for awards season. 
However, the opening date was pushed back to March 1 due to uncertainties about when the Hollywood actors strike would end.
During the shutdown, strike rules prohibited actors from discussing any major studio productions until an agreement was reached November 9.
Later, Zendaya congratulated the winner of the big match, Iga Swiatek
The stars posed together near the tennis court
The couple also caught Carlos Alcaraz of Spain play Daniil Medvedev of Russia during the Men's Final
Carlos Alcaraz overcame an early deficit to defeat Daniil Medvedev 7-6 (5), 6-1 at the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells on Sunday
As for the delay on the third season of Zendaya's Euphoria, the show's creator, writer and director Sam Levinson, was busy with much of 2022 shooting his series The Idol, which starred The Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp.
It was only in January of this year that HBO and Max Content CEO Casey Bloys confirmed to Deadline that Levinson had begun writing Euphoria season three scripts. 
The new season is expected to debut in 2025.
Meanwhile, Tom will star as Romeo in Jamie Lloyd's Romeo & Juliet at the Duke Of York theatre from May to August. Tickets completely sold out in a matter of hours.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group