Source: Carmen Mandato / Getty
He may have lost more than a few battles this year, but Drake is still winning the war on Spotify.
TMZ reports that the Canadian artist is the highest-ranking rapper on both the Global and United States artist charts for the 8th year in a row. The reveal on Wednesday (Dec. 4) is a part of this year’s Spotify Wrapped content.
 


					Related Stories
				





 

Kendrick Lamar Breaks Records in Opening Night of Grand National Tour






Kendrick Lamar AMA Takeover: From Compton To The Crown






Drake Claims UMG Used Kendrick Lamar Grammy To Defame Him






On the overall U.S. chart, Drake placed second, behind pop megastar Taylor Swift. On the Global chart, he placed fourth, behind Swift, The Weeknd, and Bad Bunny.
 
SEE ALSO



							Diva’s Daily Dirt: Rihanna Is Now Officially A Billionaire						




The news serves as a high point on an otherwise stressful year for the “6 God,” emphasized by a series of high-profile beefs with Future, Metro Boomin, Ye, and most notably, Kendrick Lamar.
While Kendrick missed out on the top spot for Spotify, he was crowned as Apple Music’s most-streamed artist.
Meanwhile, Drake is preparing for his tour in Australia and New Zealand in the new year. The Anita Max Win Tour will kick off in February. Plus…there’s also that situation with his label. But that’s another story for another day.
RELATED:


Drake is Most Streamed Rapper on Spotify Wrapped For 8th Consecutive Year 
						was originally published on
						hiphopnc.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.