By Tom Tapp 
Deputy Managing Editor

Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood has announced its final three attractions before it opens on Thursday, September 5.

The Weeknd will curate an all-new experience, The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy haunted house, at Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood this year. It features music by The Weeknd scored by seven-time Grammy-winner Mike Dean. 

	The themed Terror Tram: Enter the Blumhouse takes guests into the world of Blumhouse Productions to encounter some of the most frightening characters from Blumhouse’s franchises, including M3GAN, The Black Phone, Freaky, The Purge and Happy Death Day. Additionally, The Purge: Dangerous Waters returns to the WaterWorld venue, taking visitors on a fiery, rock-fueled adventure as they fight to survive the night.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					The Weeknd, Jenna Ortega Hit Coachella To Promo 'Hurry Up Tomorrow'		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Leigh Whannell's 'Wolf Man' Sets Peacock Premiere Date		
			







	The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface celebrates 50 years of Tobe Hooper’s titular villain and rounds out this year’s lineup of attractions. Set in an abandoned slaughterhouse, visitors will encounter iterations of Leatherface from all nine films in the franchise, dodging his singing chainsaw.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Fans will also encounter multiple scare zones throughout the park, including Luchadores Monstruosos, Chainsaw Punkz, Skull Lordz and Murder of Crowz.

	Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood will continue select nights through Sunday, November 3.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.