After getting hit with some truly disrespectful bars on Kendrick Lamar's "euphoria" and "6:16 in LA," Drake is back with "Family Matters."
The beginning of the video for the seven-minute-long diss track shows a mini-van, likely a reference to the Dodge van on the cover of Kendrick's 2012 debut album, good kid, m.A.A.d city, being crushed at what appears to be a junkyard.
Watch the video for the diss track up top in which Drizzy takes direct shots at K Dot.
On the song, Drake mentions the Compton rapper's fiancée, Whitney Alford, rapping:
At the end of the track, Drake raps:
Besides Kendrick, Drizzy's diss record includes bars aimed at ASAP Rocky, who previously targeted Drake on the songs "Show of Hands." Drake used Rocky's government name, Rakim Mayers, and alluded to hooking up with Rihanna when Rocky allegedly hooked up with Drake's baby mother rapping:
Just like on "Push Ups," Drake took plenty of shots at The Weeknd, this time calling him a drug addict:
Rocky, The Weeknd, and Kendrick aren't the only people Drake responded to. He also had choice words for Future and Metro Boomin, as he dismissed their recent albums:
Drake also took time to respond to former collaborator Rick Ross, who has relentlessly trolled Drake on social media and on the song "Champagne Moments," by rapping:
Mere hours after "Euphoria" arrived on the last day of April, Drake's fellow Young Money alum Nicki Minaj brought him out as a special guest at her Pink Friday 2 World Tour show at Scotiabank Arena in Toronto. At one point in the evening, Drake hinted he was about to get to work on his Kendrick response, telling the crowd, "You know what time it is, you know what I gotta do."
Speculation was expectedly high ahead of the new track's release, with fans and fellow artists alike debating who currently had the upper hand in the "Like That"-kickstarted rap war. Cam'ron and Mase both said that Drake was "winning" the back-and-forth after the "Euphoria" rollout, though the It Is What It Is co-hosts also had kind words for Kendrick's lyricism. With "6:16 in LA" arriving mere days later, that conversation ramped up considerably.
In April, prior to the latest pair of diss tracks, Complex's Jordan Rose ranked the then-current batch of 2024 rap war entries, including Rick Ross' "Champagne Moments" and Ye's "Like That" remix. The latter, memorably, saw Ye proposing that one should put on J. Cole's music to "get the pussy dry."
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar's Fiery, Drake-Dissing "Euphoria" Track: The Best Reactions
music | BY Mark Elibert
Drake's Best Diss Songs, Ranked
music | BY Peter A. Berry
The Most Disrespectful Bars On Kendrick Lamar’s “Euphoria” Drake Diss
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.