By
JAY-Z and the NFL are moving forward with their partnership despite recent controversy surrounding the Super Bowl halftime show. According to a report from Bloomberg on October 15th, the NFL has renewed its deal with JAY-Z and Roc Nation to continue overseeing the annual halftime performance and the league’s social justice initiatives. NFL commissioner Roger Goodell expressed his support for Roc Nation’s leadership, specifically CEO Desiree Perez, during a meeting with league owners in Atlanta. “It’s been a mutually positive relationship,” Goodell said. He added, “I’m not sure either one of us really spend much time talking about contracts. Jay is happy. Desiree Perez is happy. I’m happy, so we’re all good.”
JAY-Z first partnered with the NFL in 2019 with a deal reportedly worth $25 million over five years, as per ESPN. The details of this new deal remain undisclosed, including its value and duration. The initial collaboration was met with backlash due to the NFL’s alleged blackballing of former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick, following his protest against police brutality by kneeling during the national anthem.
Despite the criticism, JAY-Z’s partnership with the NFL has made a significant impact by spotlighting Black artists in Super Bowl halftime shows. He’s brought in The Weeknd, Rihanna, Usher, and an all-star lineup featuring Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Mary J. Blige, and 50 Cent.
Last month, it was revealed that Kendrick Lamar will headline the Super Bowl LIX halftime show in New Orleans next February, as part of JAY-Z’s partnership with the NFL. However, some, including Nicki Minaj, Birdman, and Cam’ron, have criticized JAY-Z and the NFL for overlooking New Orleans native Lil Wayne, who admitted on Instagram that the snub “hurt a lot” and left him “broken.” Neither JAY-Z nor Kendrick have publicly responded to the controversy.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97