ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - AUGUST 09: Lisa of BLACKPINK attends 'Pink Carpet' event for BLACKPINK's ... More concert film "BLACKPINK World Tour ‘Born Pink’ In Cinemas" at Times Square in Yeongdeungpo-gu on August 09, 2024 in Seoul, South Korea. Blackpink singer Lisa makes history as her new single "Rockstar" debuts on Billboard's Pop Airplay chart, doubling her total number of placements on the radio tally. (Photo by The Chosunilbo JNS/Imazins via Getty Images)
Blackpink singer Lisa broke out on her own and launched a solo music career in 2021. She only released a handful of tunes at the time, but they all became chart wins, and she proved her immense popularity apart from the band that made her a superstar.
Recently, Lisa kicked off the second chapter of her solo music career, and things are going very well. Only a few weeks ago, the singer shared her new single “Rockstar,” which quickly became another global hit for the musician. Now, the tune reaches one of Billboard’s radio rankings, and in doing so, it helps her make history.
“Rockstar” debuts on the Pop Airplay chart this week. The tally ranks the most successful tracks at top 40 pop radio stations across the U.S. every frame. Lisa’s latest offering is new at No. 39—second-to-last place—on the list this frame.
Lisa has now sent two tracks to the Pop Airplay ranking on her own. That resets the record for the most placements on the tally among solo female artists known primarily for making K-pop music. Lisa is actually originally from Thailand, but she became a star thanks to her work in the K-pop space, and that style has made up the bulk of her output.
Before this week, Lisa was tied with several other women hailing from South Korea, as all of them had only managed one hit on the Pop Airplay tally. Now, she’s passed names like Alexa, Bibi, and even one of her own bandmates.
Jennie, another one of the singers in Blackpink, has also reached the Pop Airplay chart as a solo star. She rose as high as No. 18 alongside The Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp on “One of the Girls,” which became a worldwide hit in late 2023.
Looking at all K-pop solo musicians who have reached the Pop Airplay chart, Lisa comes in second place on the ranking of those who have the most wins on the tally. Only Jung Kook has reached the tally more, and he’s in a very distant first place. The BTS singer has accrued half a dozen appearances on the list throughout his solo career.
“Rockstar” is just getting started on the Pop Airplay chart, but Lisa is already moving on to what’s next. On Friday (August 16), she’ll release her even newer single, “New Woman,” which is a collaboration with Latin superstar Rosalía. Both tracks may be the first samples of a forthcoming project, and perhaps even her first full-length album.