ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 12: Jennie aka Jennie Kim of girl group BLACKPINK poses for media the ... More Porsche Sonderwunsch Haus 'The Taycan 4S Cross Turismo For Jennie Ruby Jane' edition unveiling event at Porsche Sonderwunsch Haus on October 12, 2022 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by Han Myung-Gu/WireImage)
Blackpink member Jennie has been making history on the Billboard charts for months now with one of her solo smashes. The singer’s “One of the Girls,” a collaboration with both The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp, has proved to be a huge hit–and one that can not only rise high, but hold on for long periods of time.
This time around, “One of the Girls” is still present on one of Billboard’s radio rankings. As the tune finds space once again, it helps Jennie match with another one of the most successful solo musicians from South Korea for yet another spot in the history books.
“One of the Girls” has now lived on the Pop Airplay chart for 15 weeks. That’s long enough for Jennie’s tune to tie with two other songs and share the honor of being the fourth-longest-running hits ever on Billboard’s list of the top-performing cuts at pop radio stations throughout the U.S.
With 15 weeks spent on the Pop Airplay chart, “One of the Girls” is now on the same level as a pair of tunes, which both have Jung Kook’s talent and fame to thank for their success. The BTS star’s own “3D” with Jack Harlow and “Too Much” with The Kid Laroi and Central Cee both spent the same number of frames on the competitive top 40 ranking.
The record for the longest stay on the Pop Airplay chart among songs by South Korean solo acts remains “Gangnam Style” by Psy. That cut managed 19 turns on the list before disappearing.
The only other two tracks that land behind Psy and before Jennie–and Jung Kook–are by…Jung Kook! The BTS singer has doled out a number of smashes as a soloist that have become longstanding wins at pop radio in America, and he’s all over this historic list.
Jung Kook and Charlie Puth teamed up for “Left and Right” in 2022, and it became a big radio smash. The tune spent 17 weeks on the Pop Airplay chart, giving the BTS singer one of his first solo wins on a highly trafficked Billboard ranking.
The same K-pop soloist’s smash “Standing Next to You” was also a major win at pop radio. The single lived on the Pop Airplay ranking for 16 weeks–just one more than “One of the Girls” and his other two titles. In the coming days, Jennie may match with this cut, making history once more and advancing on this tally.