ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NV - MAY 01:  Madonna performs onstage during the 2019 Billboard Music Awards at MGM ... More Grand Garden Arena on May 1, 2019 in Las Vegas, Nevada.  (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for dcp)
Madonna has been experiencing something of a career boom lately, thanks to one song. “Popular,” a collaboration between The Weeknd, Playboi Carti, and the Queen of Pop herself, has brought the legend to new heights, returned her to rankings she hasn’t seen in years, and even brought her to tallies she’s never appeared on before. This week, the cut debuts on yet another chart, helping Madonna continue to add to her legacy.
“Popular” opens at No. 47 on this week’s edition of the TikTok Billboard Top 50. The chart company introduced the ranking only a few months ago, so it’s not entirely surprising that many superstars have yet to reach the list—or have only done so once or twice. According to Billboard, the chart is, “A weekly ranking of the most popular songs on TikTok in the US based on creations, video views, and user engagement.”
Madonna has reached the TikTok Billboard Top 50 only twice in her career. “Popular” now stands as her highest-charting hit between her two placements—even though it’s only risen as high as No. 47 on the 50-space tally.
Back in December 2023, Madonna collected her first hit on the TikTok Billboard Top 50. In the middle of the month, her decades-old tune “Lucky Star” managed to secure something of a surprise break onto the tally. It peaked at No. 50—in last place—for just one week.
“Popular” became something of a sleeper hit in 2023 after it found success on TikTok. At the time, the TikTok Billboard Top 50 chart didn’t exist, or it likely would have reached the ranking, perhaps even landing inside the top 10.
All the attention that “Popular” has garnered on TikTok has helped it become a proper hit outside of the social media platform. The track has appeared on at least half a dozen Billboard charts in the past several months, including the Hot 100, Digital Song Sales, Streaming Songs, and several R&B-specific tallies.