Lady Gaga had all eyes on her as she ditched her pants in the recording studio and switched things up with a pair of dominatrix-style boots.
The star was surrounded by musical equipment as she stood in front of a microphone, preparing to let loose with her vocal cords. She wore nothing but an oversized striped jumper knit in blue and orange, and was forced to tug down the hem of the top to cover her upper thighs.
The effect left her muscular thighs totally bare, with Gaga slipping into a pair of knee-high dominatrix-style boots with a chunky platform heel. The boots, laced up her calves, looked to be made of latex and squeezed her flesh as the Poker Face hitmaker chewed on one sleeve with her hand in front of her mouth.
READ MORE: Baywatch’s Brande Roderick risks nip slip as she’s forced to cover up with hands
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
Despite the dim lighting and indoor setting, she added a pair of dark shades to cover her eyes, sweeping her platinum blonde hair into a ponytail with sleek strands falling to frame her face. A pair of over-the-ear headphones finished off her ensemble as she prepared to record some new music.
Simply captioning her snap with a black love heart and music note emoji, Gaga had fans rushing to the comments section to beg for more. One said: “We are ready!!” while another gushed: “Ariana, Gaga, and The Weeknd in the same year?! I’m dying!”
“New music?!” someone else chimed in. A fourth social media user agreed: “I couldn’t have asked for a better start to 2024 omg.” And someone else poetically penned: “Heels or boots, as long as the music is from the touch of your heart, boots and heels elevate the joy.”
It comes after Margot Robbie opened up on how she feels about Gaga taking over her role as Harley Quinn in the new movie Joker: Folie á Deux. Speaking at the Golden Globes, Margot said: “Oh my god, she’s going to crush it. Are you kidding? She’s going to be amazing, I can’t wait to see it.
“I actually haven’t spoke to her about it. I almost don’t want to know so I can save it for the surprise when I get to see the movie." She previously said she is “so happy” to see another actress step into the role, explaining to MTV: “It makes me so happy because I said from the very beginning, all I want is for Harley Quinn to be one of those characters, the way Macbeth or Batman always gets passed from great actor to great actor.”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
She added: “And I feel like in not so many cases are they female characters. Queen Elizabeth I, but like beyond that — which I got to have a crack at as well, which I was honoured to do. I was like, 'Wow, Cate Blanchett did Queen Elizabeth I. Now I get to.'
“It's such an honor to have built a foundation strong enough that Harley can now be one of those characters who other actors get to have a go at playing. And I think [Gaga will] do something incredible with it."
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.