By 

	Tomás Mier


Rashida Jones is paying tribute to her late father and “culture shifter” Quincy Jones. In an Instagram post, her first since his death at 91 on Sunday, the actress shared sweet memories of her youth being raised by such “an icon.”

	“My dad was nocturnal his whole adult life. He kept ‘jazz hours’ starting in high school and never looked back. When I was little, I would wake up in the middle of the night to search for him,” she wrote on Thursday. “Undoubtedly, he would be somewhere in the house, composing (old school, with a pen and sheet music). He would never send me back to bed. He would smile and bring me into his arms while he continued to work…there was no safer place in the world for me.”

	Rashida described her father as a giant, a genius, an icon, and a “culture shifter” — but most of all, he “was a channel for his love. He WAS love.”
A post shared by Rashida Jones (@rashidajones)

	“He made everyone he ever met feel loved and seen. That’s his legacy,” Rashida added. “I was fortunate enough to experience this love in close proximity. I’ll miss his hugs and kisses and unconditional devotion and advice.” 

	










	“Daddy, it is an honor to be your daughter. Your love lives forever,” she ended in her sweet post.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	Quincy Jones, a legendary music producer, died on Nov. 3 at his home in Los Angeles. The estate of Michael Jackson — with whom Quincy worked closely — called him “a legendary talent whose contributions to music spanned generations and genres,” and pointed out: “It  was Quincy’s role as a father that was the most important to him.”

	Stars across disciplines, including Stevie Wonder, Colman Domingo, Nile Rodgers, The Weeknd, Victoria Monét, and Flea, shared sweet tributes to the late legend this week.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.