ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK performs onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
Blackpink’s Jennie continues to make history on the Billboard charts with her solo smash “One of the Girls,” which is still present on a handful of tallies. The singer has already broken many records with the tune, and she manages another impressive showing this frame with the cut on one of the more competitive tallies published by the company.
“One of the Girls” has lived on the Pop Airplay chart for 10 weeks. That now stands as the longest stay on the ranking of the tracks that reach the largest audience across pop radio stations throughout the U.S. for any track by a South Korean solo female musician.
Last frame, “One of the Girls” was tied with another track from a South Korean solo female musician for the honor of being the longest-charting hits of all time on this tally. Jennie was on the same level as Bibi, who once kept her single “The Weekend,” a collaboration with 347aidan, on the Pop Airplay chart for nine frames.
From here on out, every week that “One of the Girls” spends on the Pop Airplay chart, it will further its lead over all other tracks fronted by or featuring solo female artists hailing from South Korea. Based on how the tune is still performing, it seems likely that Jennie will be able to add to her current total, as her single may hold on for several more weeks–or even months.
This frame, “One of the Girls” improves its standing on the Pop Airplay chart. The song lifts one rung to No. 23 on the tally. That’s very close to its No. 22 peak.
Soon, “One of the Girls” will begin tying other records on the same ranking. In only a few frames, Jennie’s hit will rank among the longest-charting tracks from all South Korean solo stars, regardless of gender. She’ll be competing with tunes from the likes of BTS singer Jung Kook and Psy, who have both kept singles on the tally for months at a time.
“One of the Girls” features Jennie, and it’s become her biggest solo smash in the U.S. The tune also credits Lily Rose Depp in a featured role, and it’s led by The Weeknd. The Canadian pop and R&B powerhouse wrote the track for his short-lived TV series The Idol.