Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 6)
Sabrina Carpenter possible submissions:
Album TBA – AOTY, BPVA
Espresso – ROTY, SOTY, BPSP, BMV
Sabrina Carpenter – BNA (if eligible)
Stream “Short n’ Sweet” by Sabrina Carpenter! 💋
why is ponytail catching strays? 😭
this tired ass conspiracy theory
there is literally no need to be writing dissertations defending Sabrina Carpenter against a couple of comments saying she shouldn’t be eligible for best new artist. that is not hate. i honestly don’t care whether she’s eligible or not, but the Victoria comparison does not work when Jaguar II was her debut studio album and first release under a major record label. i know Sabrina has had struggles but that’s just bad luck
i will say Victoria got a little lucky with her eligibility, but she certainly qualifies as ‘new’ more than Sabrina
Yes I’m sure of all people that Scooter Braun would want to sabotage it would be The Weeknd and not Taylor.
I don't even have my lorazepam, I'm going to have to DRINK myself to sleep
2025 campaigns
Grammys: TBD
Emmys: Tramell Tillman Supporting Actor Drama Series, Parker Posey Supporting Actress Drama Series
Billie agenda is working hard.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
 Yes I’m sure of all people that Scooter Braun would want to sabotage it would be The Weeknd and not Taylor. 
Something did happen behind the scene in pop field that year. Scooter was acting weird
Sexy, confident. So intelligent.
She is heaven-sent. So soft, so strong.
Something did happen behind the scene in pop field that year. Scooter was acting weird
nothing weird happened in pop that didn’t happen in the GF also, where Scooter’s clients were not nominated
the weeknd snub is still quite shocking but people connecting Scooter to it is absurd and just strange
we should have seen Justin’s pop nominations coming. he is a big pop namecheck and ‘Changes’ did not perform that badly despite the negative reception
people kept predicting Post Malone in best pop vocal album but it’s clear that pop just don’t like him and even in his prime he couldn’t really compete with pop favourites like Bieber and Gaga
Honey, Little Monsters can make all the excuses they want.  The reality is, Lady Gaga has been on a decline for years.  Her next album is a flop in the making.  Girlfriend will NOT be a legitimate Grammy contender.
Gaga has literally been releasing grammy winning album after grammy winning album since 2014, her last album to miss a grammy win was ARTPOP ten years ago, since then it’s been 5 albums in a row winning
I liked Rauw Alejandro’s new video for “Touching The Sky”. Felt like a homage to Uptown Funk. I liked everything, from his dance moves, down to the outfits, cute haircut and beard style. This new fruitier Alejandro is 🔥, smash, next question. 
Jokes aside, he’d probably be moved to pop, unless the Latin panel pull a Tyla.
Definitely a VMA contender for Choreography. 
Typically, the winner of Best Pop Vocal Album  has had to have a significant impact (Era) during their album cycle, with multiple hits and singles, numerous performances, appearances, music videos, and extensive radio play. Nowadays, this tends to weigh more heavily than critical acclaim (as seen with Midnights winning over Guts, Harrys House winning over 30, Sour over Happier Then Ever and so on fourth). 
Currently, Ariana seems to have it in the bag, and there’s a good chance in Pop Solo Performance as well, especially considering the amount of exposure she will get within the Voting Period with Wicked. Similarly to how Gaga won Pop Solo Performance in 2019 due to her exposure with A Star Is Born.
 Yes I’m sure of all people that Scooter Braun would want to sabotage it would be The Weeknd and not Taylor. 
I think Abel’s snub and Bieber’s nominations were completely different things.
Scooter pulling influence doesn’t seem very surprising to me seeing the 2022 blind ballot voting for Justin (and Laroi) everywhere. There are people who support him not ironically.
But seeing as The Weeknd didn’t make it to Pop on a straight up ballot, maybe he was unfortunately ranked 7 or 8 on the GF and was easily replaced by Black Pumas or Julia Michaels
It's me... Hi
Typically, the winner of Best Pop Vocal Album has had to have a significant impact (Era) during their album cycle, with multiple hits and singles, numerous performances, appearances, music videos, and extensive radio play. Nowadays, this tends to weigh more heavily than critical acclaim (as seen with Midnights winning over Guts, Harrys House winning over 30, Sour over Happier Then Ever and so on fourth). Currently, Ariana seems to have it in the bag, and there’s a good chance in Pop Solo Performance as well, especially considering the amount of exposure she will get within the Voting Period with Wicked. Similarly to how Gaga won Pop Solo Performance in 2019 due to her exposure with A Star Is Born. 
midnights 2 main singles: 36 weeks t10
harrys house 2 main singles: 45 weeks t10
sour 2 main singles: 40 weeks t10
sunshine 2 main singles: 9 weeks t10
Right now I’m predicting billie
Grammys 2025 Predictions (2024 May) Not In Order
Album Of The Year
1. Beyoncé- Cowboy Carter
2. Ariana Grande- Eternal Sunshine
3. Kacey Musgraves- Deeper Well
4. Billie Eilish- Hit Me Hard And Soft
5. Taylor Swift- The Tortured Poets Department
6. Vampire Weekend- Only God Was Above Us
7. Doja Cat- Scarlet
8.  
Alt: Dua Lipa- Radical Optimism, Jacob Collier- Djesse Vol 4, Chris Stapleton- Higher
Record Of The Year 
1. Beyonce- Texas Hold’Em
2. Kendrick Lamar- Not Like Us
3. Ariana Grade- We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)
4. Dua Lipa- Houdini
5. Billie Eilish- Lunch
6. Jack Harlow- Lovin On Me
7. Taylor Swift, Post Malone- Fortnight
8. Sabrina Carpenter- Espresso 
Alt: Hozier- Too Sweet, Benson Boone- Beautiful Things, Beatles- Then & Now
Song Of The Year 
1. Beyonce- Texas Hold’Em
2. Kendrick Lamar- Not Like Us
3. Ariana Grande- We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)
4. Dua Lipa- Houdini
5. Billie Eilish- Lunch
6. Doja Cat- Agora Hills
7. Taylor Swift, Post Malone- Fortnight
8. Sabrina Carpenter- Espresso 
ALT: Hozier- Too Sweet, Benson Boone- Beautiful Things, Beatles- Then & Now
Best New Artist 
1.  Tate McRae
2.  Renee Rapp
3.  Olivia Dean
4.  Sabrina Carpenter
5.  Chappell Roan
6.  Benson Boone
7.  YG Marley
8.   
Alt: Teddy Swims, Flo, The Last Dinner Party, Shaboozey 
Pop Vocal Album  
1. Ariana Grande- Eternal Sunshine
2. Taylor Swift- The Tortured Poets Department
3. Dua Lipa- Radical Optimism
4. Billie Eilish- Hit Me Hard And Soft
5.  
Alt: Camila- C XOXO, Tate McRea- Think Later, Justin Timberlake- Everything I Thought I Was
Pop Solo Performance 
1. Ariana Grande- We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)
2. Dua Lipa- Houdini
3. Sabrina Carpenter- Espresso
4. Billie Eilish- Lunch
5. Doja Cat- Agora Hills 
ALT: Taylor Swift- I Can Do It With A Broken Heart, Benson Boone- Beautiful Things, Tate McRea- Greedy (Live)
Pop Duo/ Group Performance 
1. Beyonce, Miley Cyrus- II Most Wanted
2. Renee Rapp, Megan Thee Stallion- Not My Fault
3. Noah Kahan, Kacey Musgraves- She Calls Me Back
4. Taylor Swift, Post Malone- Fortnight
5. 
ALT: The Beatles- Then & Now, Ariana Grande, Troye Sivan- Supernatural, Kali Uchis, Peso Pluma- Igual Que Un Angel, Jacob Collier, Aespa, Chris Martin- Over You 
Pop Dance Performance
1. Ariana Grande- Yes, And?
2. Dua Lipa- Illusion
3. Madison Beer- Make You Mine
4. Billie Eilish- L’Amour de Ma Vie
5. Troye Sivan- Got Me Started
ALT: Charli XCX- Von Dutch, Beyonce- My House, David Guetta, One Republic- I Don’t Wanna Wait
only beyonce/billie/taylor feel lock-ish for aoty
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 6)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				3 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media