Periods of rain. Areas of dense fog. High 62F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%..
                                
Rain likely. Low 52F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a half an inch.
 Updated: May 4, 2025 @ 4:29 am
Scott Bradlee’s Postmodern Jukebox is celebrating a decade of performing with its current tour, which makes a stop at Lebanon Opera House on Friday. If you miss them there, you can catch them at Keene’s Colonial Theatre on Dec. 13.
In many respects, Postmodern Jukebox, performing at the Lebanon Opera House on Friday, could only exist today with a perfectly matched blend of elements coming into harmony over the past decade.
The performers are at the heart of that, and quite a number of them can claim at least adjunct membership in the project these days. The sounds those players make isn’t limited to one style; PMJ’s set lists vary wildly across genres, from western swing to traditional jazz to big band to ’60s soul.
Video, though — that’s the way in which the group has truly grown, with a consistent output to YouTube capturing millions of views.
At the heart of the PMJ project is musician and arranger Scott Bradlee, who is frequently featured in the group’s videos. Those videos highlight hits from across the decades, almost always done in a retro style that both defies and complements the original song.
With guest vocalists the rule, Postmodern Jukebox is able to update tracks from the past handful of decades, across a wide variety of styles. Over recent months, the band covered The Cure and Miley Cyrus, Morgan Wallen and Billy Joel, The Weeknd and the Bee Gees.
In each case, the original version of the song was matched with an approach that would surely surprise fans of the original; a great example of that would be KISS’s “I Was Made for Loving You,” played by PMJ in a spaghetti western soundtrack style, with vocalist Effie Passero on lead vocals.
During a stretch of autumn 2023 video releases, Chloe Feoranzo returned to the PMJ fold. She’s been featured in the band as both a touring player and as a guest vocalist on videos. And it was in October that she covered the Depeche Mode classic “Enjoy the Silence,” giving the song a 1920s jazz-age sheen. It racked up about a half-million views within the first two weeks of posting.
Feoranzo has played with the group on an irregular basis for the past few years, and though she’s not taking a heavy role in this year’s touring, she’s well-versed in what the group does and guests with the group from time to time.
For the session that birthed “Enjoy the Silence,” she said Bradlee offered up a handful of tracks she might wish to sing on (with her clarinet playing also well-featured on the track).
Once she decided on “Enjoy the Silence,” she was flown from her home in Los Angeles to Nashville. There, about 20 mintues outside of town at Bradlees’ state-of-the-art home audio and video studio, she joined the ensemble that would be featured on the track, working with them to whip it into shape.
A traditional player at heart, Feoranzo said “I have rarely brought a song to the table, but for the ‘Dancing With Myself’ video, I did suggest it. I love Billy Idol and thought it was a fun one to try. Scott usually gives you a list to choose from and with Depeche Mode, I thought ‘Enjoy the Silence’ would be one that’d work best for my style.”
In running through dozens of songs a year, the band has a massive catalog of material from which to choose and players are brought in who can master it. While the songs are generally plucked from the 1980s through today, the styles they play are from 1920s into the 1960s, a challenging thing for even the keenest players. Feoranzo’s been in that number.
“I have been taking a step back from the longer touring. I did release that video with them and have been doing smaller tours. Like, I got a sub call earlier this year to go out for a few days.”
Not unlike some of the barnstorming troupes of the mid-20th century, Postmodern Jukebox machinery is so well-honed that “they have one, or even two tours happening at once,” Feoranzo said. “Here in the U.S. and overseas. Each of these tours can involve a cast and crew of about 15 members, or about as many people as you can fit on a bus.”
What: Scott Bradlee’s Postmodern Jukebox — The ‘10’ tour
Where: Lebanon Opera House
When: Friday, July 12, at 7:30 p.m.
Ticket info: lebanonoperahouse.org.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.