ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK performs onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
It seems like every week, Blackpink singer Jennie makes history on the Billboard charts in America. The superstar has one hit to thank for most of her spots in the record books, as “One of the Girls,” her collaboration with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp, has been going strong on various rankings for months now. The tune has helped her reach a number of milestones and display her talent and popularity–and none can match her success when looking at one list.
“One of the Girls” is the biggest hit of all time by a South Korean musician on the Rhythmic Airplay chart, no matter how one qualifies such a statement. Billboard publishes that list every week to show which tunes are performing best at radio stations across the country that play what’s known as rhythmic music–essentially R&B and hip-hop aimed at a more general, top 40-loving crowd.
Last week, “One of the Girls” soared to No. 8 on the Rhythmic Airplay chart. In doing so, it furthered its lead over all other tracks by South Korean musicians on the tally as the highest-rising win ever.
In fact, “One of the Girls” stands as the only top 10 hit in history on the ranking by any South Korean artist. Before Jennie’s smash climbed into the highest tier, the honor of the loftiest placement on the tally was owned by Jung Kook. The BTS star was featured on the tune “Too Much” along with The Kid Laroi and Central Cee, and it peaked at No. 13.
While “One of the Girls” probably won’t rise any higher than No. 8, it’s still adding to its historic total in another fashion. The song also ranks as the longest-charting hit by a South Korean act on the Rhythmic Airplay list, and it’s not done improving its lead.
As of this frame, “One of the Girls” has lived on the radio ranking for 15 weeks. That’s three turns longer than the aforementioned “Too Much,” which held on for an even dozen periods.
At present, “One of the Girls” seems to finally be on the downswing after months of rising on the Rhythmic Airplay chart. This week, the single dips from its No. 8 high to No. 11, falling outside the top 10. It could reverse course, but it seems more likely that the tune will continue to decline…though it could live on the ranking for weeks, or perhaps even months.