ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LONDON, ENGLAND - MAY 06:  (L-R) AC/DC band members Malcolm Young, Cliff Williams, Angus Young and ... More Brian Johnson attend the Exclusive World Premiere Of AC/DC "Live At River Plate" Presented By DeLeon Tequila at the HMV Apolo on May 6, 2011 in London, England. AC/DC’s Iron Man 2 soundtrack is back on the U.K. albums chart this week for the first time in nearly a decade. (Photo by Jorge Herrera/WireImage)
AC/DC can always be found on at least one chart in America–and usually, the band is present on several at once. The same can’t be said when it comes to the U.K. It’s not that the hard rockers aren’t hugely popular across the pond, but it’s not a guarantee that the group will find space on the competitive lists each frame.
The Australian rock outfit does manage to appear on one chart this week in the U.K. They return to the ranking of the most-consumed albums in the country with one of their bestsellers–one which hasn’t been seen in years.
AC/DC’s Iron Man 2 soundtrack is back on the U.K. albums chart this week. The full-length, which accompanied the superhero movie, reappears at No. 90 this frame. It narrowly breaks back onto the 100-spot tally, arriving as one of the lowest-ranking titles that wasn’t present on the list last time around.
Iron Man 2 hasn’t been able to reach the U.K. albums chart for nearly a decade. The last time the title was found on the tally was back in 2015. That year, between June and September, it bounced around the middle of the list before falling off–seemingly for good.
The soundtrack debuted on the list in May 2010. It is one of the band’s four No. 1s in the U.K.—a figure they continue to add to with some frequency. Even their latest full-length, 2020’s Power Up, reached the summit.
The Iron Man 2 soundtrack is one of a number of comebacks on the U.K. albums chart this week. It’s turned out to be a relatively quiet frame for new releases, which usually offers an opportunity for older favorites to return.
AC/DC earns the second-loftiest re-entry this frame. They land after Hozier’s Unreal Unearth at No. 69. Behind the rockers, at least five other titles reappear, including popular efforts from the likes of The Weeknd, Frank Ocean, and 50 Cent.