ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 08:  Singer/songwriter Madonna performs onstage during The 57th Annual ... More GRAMMY Awards at STAPLES Center on February 8, 2015 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by Michael Tran/FilmMagic)
Madonna has always been able to sell albums, but lately, her singles haven’t been performing like they used to. For years, she’s had a tough time returning to charts all around the world with a tune the masses want to sing along to. Her situation changed for the better in mid-2023, when she scored something of a comeback smash. Now, that track has earned a special honor, proving it to be a win that the singer really needed.
“Popular,” Madonna’s collaboration with The Weeknd and Playboy Carti, has been certified platinum. The RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) has confirmed that the single has now shifted at least one million units in the U.S. That number includes both pure sales, as well as streaming equivalents.
The Weeknd released “Popular” a year ago, in June 2023. The tune was written and recorded for his TV show The Idol, which ran for one season on HBO.
While The Idol wasn’t a huge success, some of the songs featured both on the program and on short collections connected to the title, did find their footing. “Popular” reached No. 43 on the Hot 100, and it performed much better on a number of Billboard’s genre-specific charts, as it was a major R&B smash for a while.
The tune marks Madonna’s sixth platinum single in the U.S. Two of her cuts are tied as her biggest in the country, as both “4 Minutes” and “Vogue” have been certified double platinum. Her other hits that have earned platinum certifications are “Hung Up,” “Like a Prayer,” and “Papa Don’t Preach,” with the latter track hitting that mark just a few weeks ago.
Interestingly, “Popular” credits Madonna and Carti in the name of the song, but not under the artists section. When searching for the pop icon’s name in the RIAA database, this new smash doesn’t come up. It seems, then, that the cut is attributed to her in one way, but not in another, important manner.