It's the latest jaw-dropping exchange in the pair's feud
Drake and Kendrick Lamar have fired brand new diss tracks in the latest series of developments in their feud.
Yesterday (May 3), Kendrick dropped his latest diss track against Drake ‘6:16 in LA‘, but now, the pair have traded blows with new diss tracks within an hour of each other, beginning with Drake’s ‘Family Matters’.
On the track, Drake sent more shots towards Lamar and his wife Whitney Alford, rapping: “You the black messiah wifing up a mixed queen / And hit vanilla cream to help out with your self-esteem / On some Bobby shit I wanna know what Whitney need / All that puppy love was over in your late teens”.
Along with dissing Lamar, Drake took aim at The Weeknd (“a drugged out little punk sissy from the northside“), A$AP Rocky (“Gassed cause you hit my BM first n***a do the math who I was hitting then“) and Rick Ross (“What the fuck I heard Rick drop n***a / Talking something ’bout a nose job n***a“).
Drake finally ended his track with a bombshell accusation against Lamar: “They hired a crisis management team to clean up the fact that you beat up your queen/The picture you painted ain’t what it seems”
An hour later, Lamar quickly fired back with his own track ‘Meet The Grahams’, which saw the Compton musician address every family member of Drake (real name Aubrey Graham).
He began his track by speaking to Drake’s son Adonis: “Dear Adonis, I’m sorry that that man is your father, let me be honest / It takes a man to be a man, your dad is not responsive / I look at him and wish your grandpa woulda wore a condom / I’m sorry that you gotta grow up and then stand behind him”.
To Drake’s father Dennis, Lamar said: “You raised a horrible fuckin’ person/The nerve of you, Dennis,” in which he then spoke to Drake’s mother Sandra, claiming: “Your son’s a sick man with sick thoughts/I think n—-s like him should die/Him and Weinstein should get fucked up in a cell for the rest of they life.”
Lamar then continued by alleging: “And we’ve gotta raise our daughters knowing there’s predators like him lurkin’/Fuck a rap battle, he should die, so all of these women can live with a purpose.” He also rapped that Drake is “hiding another child“, calling him a “deadbeat that should never say more life“.
Finally, Lamar concluded: “Fuck a rap battle, this a long life battle with yourself”
It’s the latest exchange in the pair’s feud since Lamar dropped his verse on Future and Metro Boomin’s ‘Like That‘ back in March. In the verse, he responded to J. Cole, who claimed “Love when they argue the hardest MC / Is it K-Dot? Is it Aubrey? Or me? / We the big three like we started a league” on his guest spot on Drake’s track ‘First Person Shooter’.
Lamar told Cole and Drake on his ‘Like That’ verse: “Motherfuck the big three, n****, it’s just big me”. Cole later responded with his own diss, ‘7 Minute Drill’, but he later apologised for it and pulled it from streaming.
However, Drake fired back with two tracks ‘Push Ups’ and ‘Taylor Made Freestyle‘. Drake landed in hot water after he used AI to emulate Tupac Shakur‘s vocals, leading to the late rapper’s estate threatening legal action. He subsequently removed the track from streaming.
Lamar would then respond with ‘Euphoria‘ on May 1, following it up quickly with yesterday’s ‘6:16 in LA’.
In other news, New Ho King – a Toronto based Chinese restaurant that Lamar name checked in ‘Euphoria’ has received a huge spike in interest upon the song’s release.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.