Share
FILE-A side-by-side photo of an aerial view of celebrities mansions on Star Island Miami and Sean "Diddy" Combs at a Pre-Grammy Awards Gala in 2020. (Star Island photo by David LEFRANC/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images) (Diddy photo by Gregg DeGuire/Getty  
Sean "Diddy" Combs' massive Miami home was targeted in a raid earlier this week by federal authorities. 
Searches of the music mogul’s sprawling residence in the exclusive Star Island sector of South Florida were part of an ongoing sex trafficking investigation by federal authorities in New York. 
RELATED: Diddy's LA home raided by Homeland Security
Diddy’s homes in Los Angeles and Miami were raided as part of a federal sex-trafficking investigation, according to law enforcement. LiveNOW's Andrew Craft spoke about the questions that still remain with legal affairs journalist Meghann Cuniff.
Combs was not detained and spoke to authorities, and neither the Bad Boy Records founder nor any of his family members were arrested, the Associated Press reported. The entertainer also denied the allegations against him when he spoke out for the first time Tuesday following the raids. 
The private gated community is known for its prestigious real estate across 86 acres of land and is an oasis for celebrities. The area is only accessible by boat or across a bridge that connects the island to MacArthur Causeway in South Florida, FOX Business reported. 
FILE-Celebs' mansions in Miami, United States on February 09, 2001 - Gloria Estefan's huge house with ocre rooftops, highly protected from spying eyes thanks to a lush vegetation, on Star Island. (Photo by David LEFRANC/Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images) 
Diddy first moved to the exclusive neighborhood in 2003 when he purchased business and record executive Tommy Mottola's sprawling nine-bedroom, 12-bathroom estate for $14.5 million.
And nearly 20 years later, Diddy paid $35 million to buy the home next door, 1 Star Island, which was previously owned by Gloria and Emilio Estefan. FOX Business noted that the 1.3-acre property is an 8,000-square-foot mansion with six bedrooms and 10 bathrooms, featuring an immaculate outdoor sanctuary.
FILE-Sean "Diddy" Combs attends Sean "Diddy" Combs Hosts CIROC The New Year 2018 Powered By Deleon Tequila at Star Island on December 31, 2017 in Miami, Florida. (Photo by Shareif Ziyadat/Getty Images for Deleon Tequila) 
RELATED: Diddy: What to know as feds search music mogul's properties
The entertainer is known to host hundreds of guests at an annual New Year’s Eve party on the island featuring many of his celebrity friends like DJ Khaled, The Weeknd, Travis Scott, Future, Scottie Pippen, and Jermaine Dupri.
Diddy also led a welcoming committee last year when rapper Rick Ross moved in down the street and bought a $37 million mansion, a rare thing for Star Island, which has less than 40 homes.
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez bought 14 Star Island for $24 million from billionaire Ken Griffin in 2020, and they later sold it back to Griffin.
Basketball legend Shaquille O’Neal lived on the island when he played for the Miami Heat. O'Neal sold the property to billionaire Vladislav Doronin for $16 million in 2009. 
RELATED: Diddy’s $40M Los Angeles house has grotto, underwater tunnel and more: Reports
FILE-The atmosphere at Sean 'Diddy' Combs and CIROC Ultra-Premium Vodka New Year's Eve Party On Star Island in Miami, FL on December 31, 2015. (Photo by Alexander Tamargo/Getty Images for CIROC) 
Actor Don Johnson lived there when he starred in the popular 80s TV show "Miami Vice." 
Rapper Vanilla Ice once lived there and founder and former designer Donald Pliner and his wife Lisa also had a residence on the island. 
Entertainer Rosie O'Donnell lived on the island and sold it to David and Linda Frankel, two prominent arts patrons in Miami. 
The criminal investigation is a major escalation in the scrutiny of Combs, who has been the defendant in several sexual abuse lawsuits in recent months.
In a lawsuit Combs settled the day after it was filed in November 2023, his former protege and girlfriend, the R&B singer Cassie, sued him alleging years of sexual abuse, including rape. The lawsuit said he forced her to have sex with male prostitutes while he filmed them.
RELATED: Sean 'Diddy' Combs has had history of legal troubles
FILE-Homeland Security Investigation agents are seen at the entrance of US producer and musician Sean "Diddy" Combs's home at Star Island in Miami Beach on March 25, 2024. (Photo by GIORGIO VIERA/AFP via Getty Images) 
In February, a music producer filed a lawsuit alleging Combs coerced him to solicit prostitutes and pressured him to have sex with them.
The Associated Press reported that another of Combs’ accusers was a woman who said the rap producer raped her two decades ago when she was 17.
Combs and his attorneys have denied all the lawsuits' allegations.
FOX Business and the Associated Press contributed to this report. This story was reported from Washington, D.C.
All the news you need to know, every day
By clicking Sign Up, I confirmthat I have read and agreeto the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX Television Stations