Sam Levinson hasn't had much success outside of Euphoria. His show The Idol, starring The Weeknd, was not well received and was laid to pasture after one season. 
Source: Eddie Chen / HBO / Euphoria
Euphoria fans, we have some good news for you. HBO is calling the news of the show’s cancellation C A P. 
Spotted on Deadline, reports of the Zendaya-led, Sam Levinson-created teen drama meeting an early demise after two seasons are false, according to a statement from a rep for HBO.
Per Deadline:
 


					Related Stories
				





Black Girls Travel: 7 Wellness Destinations That Give White Lotus Energy 






The Game Is The Game: 12 Interesting Facts You Should Know About ‘The Wire’ 17 Years After The Final Episode Aired






“Euphoria is going in to production in 2025. Nothing has changed,” a rep for HBO said in a statement to The Guardian.
After Season 2 aired in early 2022, production on the next installment has been delayed by last year’s WGA & SAG-AFTRA strikes, as well as the death of star Angus Cloud in July 2023.
In July, Deadline reported that Euphoria would begin production on Season 3 in January 2025 with the principal cast returning and a time jump planned.
Well, there you have it.
Zendaya touched on the reported time jump speaking with Entertainment Weekly on The Awardist podcast last month, jokingly saying, “It’s important because there’s only so much high school drama you can deal with. ‘And then she cheats on her boyfriend again!’”
She added, “I don’t actually know much about what is happening. I don’t quite know exactly what the season is going to look like, but I do know that the time jump is happening.”
“It will be fascinating to see and understand these characters outside of the context of high school and how all the stuff that we saw when they were kids and they were in high school affects the adulthood they have and who they become in a much bigger world. I’ll be interested to see what happens too,” the Challengers actress said.
Sam Levinson hasn’t had much success outside of Euphoria. His show The Idol, starring The Weeknd, was not well received and was canceled after one season.
Speaking on season 3 of Euphoria, Levinson described it as “film noir,” which showcases Rue’s “exploration of what it means to be an individual with principles in a corrupt world.”
Fans have been worried about the show following the tragic passing of cast member Angus Cloud. 
We shall see how the stories of our favorite dysfunctional teens continue when season 3 eventually arrives.


HBO Says Reports of ‘Euphoria’ Being Canceled After Two Seasons Are C A P 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Savor the City								

									The Family Matters Cast Remembers The Life of Michelle Thomas								

									Activate								

									Fatal Attraction								

									For My Man								

									Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Has Social Media In A Chokehold								

									Schedule								

									Featured Shows								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.