Vitamin String Quartet will perform at American Music Theatre in Lancaster on Friday, Feb. 14, 2025.Provided by American Music Theatre
You have not heard classical music like this before.
Vitamin String Quartet: The Music of Taylor Swift, “Bridgerton” and Beyond will be at American Music Theatre in Lancaster on Friday, Feb. 14, 2025.
Tickets go on sale on Thursday, May 16, for prices ranging from $34 to $49.
“Long before ‘Bridgerton’ broke the Netflix algorithm, Vitamin String Quartet had helped establish classical crossover as a genuine force in contemporary music. ...
“On their latest tour, VSQ have created fresh arrangements of the cultural phenomenon that is Taylor Swift, performing spellbinding and innovative renditions of Swift’s music, alongside familiar hits from Billie Eilish, BTS, Bridgerton, The Weeknd to Daft Punk. VSQ are one of the most popular string ensembles in the world with over 2 billion streams and seven albums charting on both Billboard Classical and Classical Crossover charts.”
Other upcoming shows at American Music Theatre include:
May 19 - Kevin James (two shows, 4 p.m. and 8 p.m.)
May 31 - 38 Special
June 6 - Paul Anka
June 26 - Kenny G
June 27 - The Wallflowers
June 29 - The Beach Boys (two shows, 2 p.m. and 7:30 p.m.)
July 14 - Asia
July 20 - Tommy James and The Shondells
July 21 - Frankie Valli and The Four Seasons
July 25 - NEEDTOBREATHE
Aug. 8 - Trace Adkins
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices