ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK perform onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
Blackpink singer Jennie’s single “One of the Girls” has turned out to be a surprisingly sturdy hit. The tune is not only still present on the Billboard charts more than half a year after it was released, it’s actually on the rise. As The Weeknd-fronted track (which also credits Lily Rose Depp) continues to find space on the Hot 100, it joins a very exclusive club.
“One of the Girls” is now only the sixth song in U.S. history by a South Korean solo musician to spend at least 10 weeks on the Hot 100. This frame, the cut rises from No. 58 to a new peak of No. 51.
Reaching double-digit frames on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in America is a good goal for any track by any artist, as it usually shows that the country has a sustained interest in the cut. It remains an especially rare feat among solo artists from the Asian nation.
Jennie is just the third solo South Korean musician to keep a song on the Hot 100 for 10 weeks. She’s also the first woman to do so.
Currently, the record for the longest-charting song that credits a South Korean musician as a soloist belongs to Psy. His smash “Gangnam Style” introduced countless millions of people to K-pop, and it was a huge hit in the U.S. That track lived on the Hot 100 for 31 weeks.
Two tracks are tied for second place, and they’re both from the same musician. As Jennie’s “One of the Girls” makes history in its own ways, Jung Kook’s “Standing Next to You” does the same. That track, from his debut solo album in Golden, is also still charting, and it’s now lived on the Hot 100 for 17 weeks. That’s the same length of time as Jung Kook’s other single, “Left and Right,” which was led by Charlie Puth.
In between Jung Kook’s two tied wins and Jennie are two other tracks by South Korean solo musicians. Psy’s “Gentleman” spent 15 weeks on the Hot 100. The same can be said for Jung Kook and Latto’s “Seven,” which was the lead single from Golden.
Seeing that “One of the Girls” is still on the ascent, it seems like the single will remain on the Hot 100 for some time. It may easily go on to score another month on the tally. It could rise again on this all-time ranking of the longest-charting hits by South Korean soloists, but only time will tell.