By 

	Thania Garcia


	Latin Grammy winner Lasso has signed an exclusive management deal with WK Entertainment. This includes a comprehensive 360 contract under the leadership of Andres Gomez, who will support Lasso in touring, brand partnership strategies, A&R, marketing and more on a global scale.

	Lasso has also announced his first 15-date U.S tour, “Quedarse Solo Para Siempre,” promoted by Live Nation. It is set to kick off on Sept. 11 in San Francisco before making stops in major cities including Los Angeles, Miami, New York and more. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					'Ghosts' Scene Stealer Betsy Sodaro on Nancy's Unique Backstory and the Role She Originally Auditioned For		
			








	Simultaneous to the unveiling of his tour, Lasso announced his fifth studio album, which is set to release this fall under Universal Music Mexico. 




			Popular on Variety		






Pictured above (L-R): Andres Gomez, Lasso and Walter Kolm.

	+ Rostrum Pacific has tapped Chris Atlas to lead Fat Beats, a music distributor and retail brand. 

	Atlas will lead the brand as president, overseeing business development and marketing. He will additionally building industry relationships, expanding market presence, and identifying new growth opportunities.

	Atlas has held key positions at Tommy Boy Records, Cornerstone Promotion, Def Jam Recordings, and Warner Records. Since starting at Fat Beats, he has recruited such artists as Talib Kweli, Large Professor, Pete Rock, Rsonist, and more. 

	“Chris Atlas is someone we have admired for many years. Having him join Fat Beats as President at this important time of growth at Rostrum Pacific is beyond exciting. He brings incredible leadership, vision, insight and experience. I can think of no better person to lead and continue building the legacy of this great company,” said Jonathan Partch, COO of Rostrum Pacific. “With Chris at the helm, we are putting our great partners in the best position to succeed.”

	+ Terese Joseph has joined Warner Records as senior vice president of A&R administration. 

	Joseph was formerly head of label operations at Se LaVi/Rebel Music. Based in Los Angeles, he will report to Karen Kwak, executive VP/head of A&R, and work closely with Julian Petty, executive VP/head of business and legal affairs. 

	Kwak said: “I’ve known Terese for many years, starting back in our Island Def Jam days in New York. She’s a well-respected and knowledgeable player in the field, playing an integral role in the delivery of massively successful projects for music legends to newcomers alike. I’ve no doubt she’ll be an invaluable support to our A&R team and creative community, and I look forward to welcoming her fresh perspective and energy.”

	










	+ Downtown-owned distributor FUGA has formed new global distribution and marketing alliances with a pair of international indie labels. The company has teamed up with Record Makers, a Paris-based label founded in 2000 (roster include Sébastien Tellier, Kavinsky and Dita Von Teese), along with Potion Records, founded in 2014 by Belgian DJ and producer The Magician (Stephen Fasano).

	Record Makers was originally founded to release Air’s soundtrack for Sofia Coppola’s 1999 film “The Virgin Suicides.” They’ve also worked with Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo (Daft Punk), John Carpenter, Arthur Verocai, MGMT, the Weeknd, MF DOOM and more.

	Through the partnership, Record Makers and Potion will benefit from FUGA’s services for global distribution, marketing, digital accounts, and synchronization licensing.

	+ STYNGR and Warner Music Group have partnered up for the launch of a new music product, “Batteries,” created for the Roblox developer community. 

	STYNGR is launching two classes of Batteries that will be purchasable for time-based listening via Roblox’s digital currency: Single Listening Batteries, which provide players with weekly-refreshed radio stations of curated tracks, and Party Batteries, which offer the same functionality while also facilitating social listening sessions among up to four players within the same game. Through these music-listening offerings, STYNGR and Warner Music Group are creating monetized opportunities for artists and songwriters, allowing them to reach new listeners and engage existing fans.
The Business of Entertainment