If Lin-Manuel Miranda can make that much bank off of Hamilton, Shy Ronnie deserves a shot.
The SNL girlies celebrate the celebrity treatment you get when you go home for Thanksgiving: full fridge, free laundry, endless snack bowls.
Kid Cudi joins Pete Davidson and Chris Redd to sing the praises of the one instrument that holds all of hip hop together: the weird little flute.
The Weeknd, Kenan Thompson and Chris Redd sing an R&B ballad about how they each messed up badly and are now sleeping on the couch tonight.
A farmer’s son (Timothée Chalamet) gets the bad news that they’re selling the farm and all his beloved animals — including his best friend, Tiny Horse (a tiny horse).
An upbeat ditty where everyone in the family shows off the cool stuff they got. High-end electronics for the kids, a pizza oven and a pinball machine for dad, and for the woman who put it all together… an okay robe. It was on sale.
The SNL girls are back for Christmas, describing the awkwardness and ecstasy of freaking on your childhood bed in front of an ancient cat.
This boy band-esque ballad describes that most inappropriate of parasocial relationships: the pop stars who helped us discover and explore our sexuality.
After pulling an all-nighter with the best of intentions, the cast admit it’s actually like, really hard to write about feminism: “We know women need an anthem, a song to call their own / But we didn’t write that anthem, we went home.”
This 2018 banger won an Emmy for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics for voicing everyone’s desperation for the pre-Trump era.
Everyone knows Santa Claus visits all the good boys and girls, but the bad kids (and adults) still get a visit from his counterpart: Sump’n Claus, who gives out plain white envelopes full of cash.
The timeless celebratory anthem for all you sex-havers out there.
Boomers gleefully flocked to pharmacies across the nation to be the first in line for the COVID vaccine. And why wouldn’t they? They spent an entire lifetime consuming the rest of the world’s wealth and resources at an unsustainable rate!
Pete Davidson as an Eminem-esque rabble rouser confronts the Secretary of Treasury about what the hell NFTs are, and where they fit into the actual economy. A classmate gives an actually pretty solid primer on the whole thing, all wrapped up in a parody of Eminem’s “Without Me.”
Rihanna’s latest collaboration partner, Shy Ronnie, is having trouble projecting his voice, with feedback from the mic and his also quite shy bladder. All in an elementary school, for some reason?