Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Aquarius and Tauruses go about the world differently — which means they may face hurdles in terms of astrological compatibility. One's an airy pioneer, more interested in progress than in standing still. The other keeps his or her feet on the ground, plodding forward steadily. 
In other words, Aquarius is an air sign that values independence, innovation, and intelligence. Taurus is an earth sign that seeks stability, security and material comfort. 
These two have very differing natures and may face challenges because of it. Aquarius is forward-thinking while Taurus is more traditional. Those differences could also help the other expand beyond their limited points of view, with enough open-mindedness.
For this pairing to work, they will need to compromise and find common ground — and that might also be a challenge. Aquarius likes change and Taurus is a creature of habit. Rather than hope for change, they must learn to appreciate one another.
Dates: April 20 to May 20
Element: Earth 
Modality: Fixed 
Planetary ruler: Venus 
Represented by: The bull 
Famous Taureans: Kelly Clarkson, Gigi Hadid, Lana Condor, Cher, Channing Tatum, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, Adele, Sam Smith, Janet Jackson, George Clooney, Gal Gadot, Tina Fey, Travis Scott, Rosario Dawson, Barbara Streisand 
Dates: Jan. 20 to Feb. 18
Element: Air
Modality: Fixed
Planetary ruler: Uranus
Represented by: The water bearer
Famous Aquarians: Oprah Winfrey, Harry Styles, Alicia Keys, The Weeknd, Tom Hiddleston, Shakira, Ed Sheeran, Christian Bale, Kerry Washington, Cristiano Ronaldo, Paris Hilton, Emma Roberts, Kelly Rowland, Michael B. Jordan, John Travolta, Elizabeth Olsen 
What does “grounded” mean to a Taurus? It means comfortable! This Earth sign loves to cultivate a sense of coziness, whether that means curling up in a blanket or simply spending time in the presence of loved ones, without a word exchanged. While they have busy social lives, they do require time to recharge between obligations, and they love to sleep. Although their love of relaxing gives them a reputation for being lazy, they tend to be quite ambitious and can achieve lofty goals when they set their minds. They are big-hearted and compassionate hosts.
Air signs tend to get lofty — and none more so than Aquarius. This sign is interested in learning, and even more interested in using those intellectual pursuits to better their lives and their communities. This makes Aquarians forward-minded and empathetic at the same time. They can get carried away with their projects and ideas, though, forgetting to tend to their connections. They feel they have a purpose to fulfill and tend to get caught up in that ideal.  
Compatibility between Aquarius and Taurus is tricky, but not impossible (it never is). These two must find a balance between Aquarius’ need for novelty and Taurus’ desire for security. If they can compromise this partnership can be both creative and practical. They can foster a union that thrives on mutual understanding.
These two work best in the realm of friendship, since they can let each other be more freely. Innovation and stability come together in this pairing, leading to fun nights out. Aquarius brings unconventional ideas, creativity and intelligence to the friendship while Taurus brings reliability, loyalty, and a down-to-earth approach to life. They may change each others' lives for the better. Aquarius may inspire Taurus to mix things up and Taurus will provide Aquarius with a steady foundation. Together they will balance adventure with reliability. Not only will they be good friends, they will learn from one another too.
Romance between Aquarius and Taurus is a clash between open-mindedness and tradition. There will be challenges. Aquarius seeks intellectual stimulation and new experiences while Taurus prefers the comfort zone. Finding a middle ground will require understanding and compromise. Taurus may struggle trying to get Aquarius to commit and Aquarius will feel trapped if Taurus does not let go a little. In this relationship, Aquarius will bring excitement and new perspectives into Taurus’ life. Taurus will provide a steady and nurturing presence for Aquarius. With enough patience, they will build trust and come to appreciate each others' differences as lovable quirks.
A marriage between Aquarius and Taurus is one that combines stability and innovation. Challenges will arise because both signs are so different. That also means nothing is ever going to get boring. Aquarius will bring originality and excitement to the union while Taurus will establish a comforting sense of home. They will balance their stable foundation with adventure. 
Reliability and innovation define the working relationship between Aquarius and Taurus — which makes them a pretty awesome duo. Aquarius invents all kinds of new ideas while Taurus helps think them through and execute them. They appreciate each others' contributions. This duo can balance creativity and stability if they work past their differences. When they're clashing, they should try to give the other a compliment — it'll help inspire a sense of appreciation.
Taurus and Aquarius are going to take each other on intellectual rides. Both Taurus and Aquarius have deep interests. They will regale one another with facts about what they learned on any given day.
Their differences also can be their strengths. Aquarius helps Taurus not only roll with the punches but appreciate their character-building qualities. Taurus helps Aquarius learn to show up consistently for the people in their life.
It comes down to how they approach, and appreciate, change. Aquarius thrives on change — they welcome it in, believing it will turn them into the most polished version of themselves. Taurus tends to quite like things the way they are. This will cause friction in their relationship. As their lives evolve, will Taurus be able to keep up with Aquarius' pace, or will they resist?
Aquarius also may struggle to deliver the consistency and emotional depth that Taurus provides, and expects to be reciprocated.
Andrew Upton (Aquarius) and Cate Blanchett (Taurus)
Ed Sheeran (Aquarius) and Cherry Seaborn (Taurus)
Charlie Day (Aquarius) and Mary Elizabeth Ellis (Taurus)
Sonny Bono (Aquarius) and Cher (Taurus)
Lisa Stardust is a New York City-based astrologer. Stardust is the resident astrologer for Oprah Magazine, Teen Vogue and The Hoodwitch. She has two upcoming books: “Saturn Return Survival Guide: Navigating this cosmic rite of passage” is due out this May from Hardie Grant Books and “The Cosmic Deck” from Chronicle Books is due out in November. Follow Lisa on Instagram for her daily horoscopes @lisastardustastro.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.