ByIan Westhead  
Ian Westhead  
Bob Marley and the Wailers’ ‘One Love’ (27 percent) has been crowned the ultimate summer driving song, according to a new survey of 2,000 drivers by GoShorty.
Originally written in 1965, Marley revisited ‘One Love’ during the turmoil of the Jamaican elections in 1976 to enhance its call for peace and unity. It became an immediate success and is arguably the most popular song he wrote and performed with the Wailers.
In second place on the list was the 1988 classic, ‘I’m Gonna Be (500 Miles)’ by Scottish twin brothers, The Proclaimers (26 percent), which became a global hit after being featured in the 1993 movie Benny & Joon, starring Johnny Depp.
‘Sweet Child O’ Mine’ by Guns N’ Roses (25 percent), ‘Heart of Glass’ by Blondie (24 percent), ‘Eye of the Tiger’ by Survivor (24 percent) and ‘Born to Run’ by Bruce Springsteen (23 percent) are also among the best songs to listen to when hitting the road this month.
Also to make the list were Kate Bush’s ‘Running Up That Hill’ (23 percent), which recently enjoyed a resurgence in popularity after being featured on the Netflix series, Stranger Things, John Denver’s ‘Take Me Home, Country Roads’ (22 percent) and ‘Jamming’ by Bob Marley & The Wailers (22 percent).
But it’s not just classic songs that make the ultimate road trip playlist. Modern tracks like The Weeknd’s ‘Blinding Lights’ (17 percent) and Beyonce’s ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ (17 percent) also make an appearance, alongside Sophie Ellis Bextor’s ‘Murder on the Dancefloor’ (17 percent), which saw a recent rise in streaming thanks to the 2023 hit film, Saltburn.
In contrast to older Brits, Gen Z (18 to 29 years old) prefer to groove to contemporary hits such as Beyonce’s ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ (27 percent), Sabrina Carpenter’s ‘Espresso’ (22 percent), Kesha’s ‘TikTok’ (22 percent) and Taylor Swift’s latest version of her original track, ‘Style’ (22 percent).
A fifth (20 percent) of modern Brits also chose ‘Toxic’ by Britney Spears, who released her long-awaited autobiography last year, becoming an instant bestseller.
Nearly half (49 percent) of the British drivers surveyed said that a road trip with loved ones is one of the best things you can do in the summer, with over a third (35 percent) already having one booked in the diary.
In fact, Brits who are going on a road trip are planning two over the next few months, driving an average of 225 miles each time. One in two (52 percent) of the 2,000 motorists polled say that road trips make the best memories, while over half (55 percent) agree that you can have just as good a holiday by hitting the road in the UK as going abroad.
57 percent curate a driving playlist to keep the vibes going on a long drive, with pop (59 percent), rock (40 percent), dance (28 percent) and R’n’B (28 percent) the top genres of choice.
Even with a pumping playlist, seven in ten (73 percent) admit that it’s difficult to keep children or grandchildren entertained during a long journey, with three quarters (76 percent) confessing to relying on technology to keep everyone happy.
Other ways to fight off the boredom include regular stops to stretch the legs (62 percent), always bringing plenty of travel snacks (59 percent) and water (57 percent), checking the car over before setting off, so the journey is quick and smooth (37 percent) and sharing the driving so that everyone has a break (30 percent)
Despite tech playing a key role in road trips, 72 percent say they are embracing nostalgic games with I spy (49 percent), the licence plate game (26 percent) and who can stay quiet the longest? (23 percent) all making a comeback in the nation’s cars.
The study also found that a quarter of British motorists have superstitions that they adhere to, to ensure a road trip goes without a hitch, with 33 percent always making sure they step into the car using their right foot first.
One in three (27 percent) never look back at the house, while 27 percent always pack a lucky charm. Wearing a specific t-shirt (24 percent), knocking on wood before leaving (23 percent) and avoiding number 13 (21 percent) are also ways in which Brits keep safe, and keep their car running, on a long journey.
This week Penelope Teeth bites into the soap suds…
Alexis Sakellaris performs at Riverside Studios from May 10th…
Festival2Funky returns for its 12th year…
Sheffield DocFest announces the World Premiere of Kim Hopkins’ Still Pushing Pineapples to open this year’s festival on 18...
The next in the series of ATV Icons to celebrate 70 years of ITV is ‘Mr...
Copyright © ATV Network Limited / ATV Today UK