Hollywood Life


Latest Hollywood Celebrity & Entertainment News
NewsExpand Menu
EntertainmentExpand Menu
BeautyExpand Menu
FashionExpand Menu
ShoppingExpand Menu
TrendingExpand Menu
Celebrity BiosExpand Menu

				Justin and Hailey are going to be parents! Look back at their entire romance from the beginning to now.			

Timeline

Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber have been friends since they were young kids in 2009. They struck up a brief romance at the end of 2015 and beginning of 2016 before getting back together for good in May 2018. The reconciliation led to an engagement that July, followed by a courthouse wedding in September.
A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber)
Even though Justin and Hailey have now been happily married for four years, fans have continued to wonder whether or not there was ever any overlap in his relationship with Hailey and his on/off romance with ex, Selena Gomez. Hailey set the record straight during her interview on the Call Her Daddy podcast, confirming that Justin and Selena were not together when she reconciled with Justin in the spring of 2018. Although Justin and Selena had been spotted hanging out on a number of occasions from October 2017 to March 2018, Hailey insisted that it was just them “closing the door” on their relationship and that they were not officially together.
Just two weeks after the interview — in which Hailey also confirmed she has spoken with Selena since getting married — the two women posed for photos together at the Academy Museum’s 2nd annual gala. Selena and Hailey were all smiles as they cozied up for the snaps, proven there’s zero drama between them.
The Changes singer puts his leading lady first, and proved it once again when he defended her against fans of his relationship with ex Selena Gomez. Justin quickly clapped back at a fan video urging fans to “go after” Hailey via social media. “This sad excuse of a human just encouraged people on video to literally go after my wife telling people to say that my previous relationship was better so on and so forth,” he wrote. “It is extremely hard to choose the high road when I see people like this try and rally to gather people to bully the person I love most in this world. It is not right,” he also said. While we’re swooning with inspiration, let’s take a look back at Justin and Hailey’s relationship!
After meeting in 2009 and hanging out on certain occasions in 2014, Justin and Hailey were first romantically linked when they appeared to look much closer in Miami in 2015. The sighting stirred up speculation of a romance, as they enjoyed laying out by a pool and jet skiing. It was around this time that they also went on a vacation to Anguilla with Justin’s family. They celebrated the New Year together, ringing in 2016 with a kiss that popped up on social media. However, the relationship was short-lived, as they split just a few months into 2016.
After his split from Hailey, Justin briefly dating Sofia Richie in the summer of 2016. By the fall of 2017, though, he was linked to Selena once again when they were spotted on a bike ride together after her split from The Weeknd. They were seen on various dates over the next several months, with their last public acknowledgment of each other on March 1, 2018, when Selena wished Justin a happy birthday.
Less than two months later, Justin and Hailey were spotted together again. The timing had fans confused, with Jelena shippers accusing Hailey of home-wrecking Selena and Justin’s relationship. Hailey shut this down in Sept. 2022 during her Call Her Daddy interview. In addition to revealing that she never hooked up with Justin while he was with Selena, she also clarified what was going on between Justin and Selena during this time when the public thought they were back together.
“I understand how it looks from the outside, and there’s a lot of perception there, but that was a situation where I know, for a fact, that it was the right thing for them to close the door,” Hailey explained. “As a woman, I would never want to get into a relationship with someone and be engaged to them and get married to them and think, in the back of my mind, ‘I wonder if that [chapter] was really closed for you.’ And I know for a fact that the reason we were able to get back together is because it was very much, completely closed.”
The 2018 reunion brought on many outings that were full of PDA, proving their romance was back on and stronger than ever. From coffee dates, like the one above, to more vacations – this time only with each other – they were back in full force.
Shortly after reconnecting in June 2018, Justin proposed to Hailey in July while they were on vacation in the Bahamas. The blonde beauty was first spotted wearing a gigantic diamond ring on July 8 and one day later, on July 9, Justin took to Instagram to share the happy news. “Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly,” part of his announcement read.
Once they went public with their engagement, the duo proudly expressed even more PDA whenever they were out and about, including during a fun outing in Aug., which can be seen in the pic above, and when they attended New York Fashion Week in early Sept. Their time to get hitched couldn’t come soon enough!
Justin and Hailey shocked everyone when they became legally married without a wedding during a visit to a New York courthouse on Sept. 13, 2018. They eventually revealed that they would plan an official wedding ceremony and reception for close family and friends when the time was right, but they were definitely already in post-marriage bliss from the moment they legally said “I do”. In Dec. 2018, they took part in a wedding style photo shoot, which can be seen in the pic above.
After continuing to enjoy being newlyweds, a little over a year after they legally got hitched, Justin and Hailey had a lavish wedding ceremony and reception with their closest family and friends in South Carolina on Sept. 30, 2019. The adoring groom looked incredibly handsome in a classy suit and the blushing bride looked stunningly beautiful in a figure-flattering white gown and long veil. After the memorable event, they shared photos and videos of the special time they had together and it was truly inspiring and loving to see!
The pair celebrated the one-year anniversary of their South Carolina wedding in Sept. 2020 with romantic posts! They both shared stunning black and white photos of their wedding day on Instagram in their tributes along with heartfelt captions that expressed their feelings about looking back on the special moment.
“1 year ago we had the best wedding. Wish I could live this day over and over,” Hailey’s caption read, while Justin’s got a little more in depth. “Hailey Bieber. I am so lucky to be YOUR husband!” he wrote. “You teach me so much everyday and make me such a better man! I am committed for the rest of our lives to empower you to be the woman God has called you to be! My heart is to enable you to achieve all of your wildest dreams! I promise to always put you first, to lead with patience and kindness!! Happy anniversary my beautiful sweet girl.”
The couple don’t have kids yet, but babies are definitely on the mind! The Canadian born singer is no stranger to kids with baby sister Bay and siblings Jaxon, Jazmyn, and stepsister Allie — and he wants a big brood just like his dad Jeremy Bieber. “I’m going to have as many [kids] as Hailey is wishing to push out,” he said on The Ellen DeGeneres Show in Dec. 2020. “I’d love to have myself a little tribe, but it’s her body, so whatever she wants to do…think Hailey still has some things she wants to accomplish as a woman. I think she’s just not ready yet and I think that’s okay.”
In a post celebrating Hailey’s 23rd birthday, Justin teased that their “next season” was “babies” back in Nov. 2019. JB also had fans speculating that Hailey could be pregnant on his Changes track “All Around Me”, which ends with a baby sound at the end of the song.
Meanwhile, The BareMinerals model has also revealed her desire to start a family. “The strange thing is, I’ve always wanted to have children early,” Hailey said to Vogue Italia in Nov. 2020. “But now that I’m married, I feel less of an urge. I am an ambitious girl with many projects. It will happen, but not now.”
On May 9, 2024, Justin and Hailey announced that she was pregnant and expecting their first child together. The couple posted an Instagram video montage from their vow renewal, which also served as a maternity photo shoot.
Follow Us:
About Us
Legal
News
Connect