The 6 God also shaded The Weeknd during his xQc stream appearance. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Drake made an appearance on Canadian streamer xQc’s livestream on Sunday night (Nov. 24), and the 6 God didn’t hold back on a multitude of topics.

	At one point in the stream, Steve Lacy’s Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 hit “Bad Habit” was playing, and Drake seemingly shaded the artist. “This guy’s like a fragile opp — it is a good song, though,” Drizzy said. “Chat knows what I’m talking about. Fragility.”

	Lacy quickly got wind of what went down as Drake’s comments went viral. He took to his IG Story early Monday (Nov. 25), reposting a graphic of what Drake had said and wrote, “Yoooooooooo” with Drizzy’s “I Get Lonely” track providing the soundtrack.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Steve Lacy		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	He followed up with posts to his feed including a selfie featuring a finger heart, which he captioned, “WAITTTTTT LMAOOOO WHAT IN THE.” Then continued to post a smirking emoji mocking Drake, “who tryna be my…fragile opp?”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	It appears Drake may have taken issue with Lacy — a Compton native — making an appearance on stage at Kendrick Lamar’s Pop Out concert and dancing to “Not Like Us.”
Here’s the clip of Drake calling Steve Lacy an opp pic.twitter.com/wh1mfGTvPW
A post shared by Steve Lacy (@steve.lacy)
A post shared by Steve Lacy (@steve.lacy)

	Back in October 2022, Lacy notched his first No. 1 hit when “Bad Habit” topped the Billboard Hot 100 and reached the summit after spending four weeks at No. 2. 

	Drake generated plenty of headlines with his appearance on the xQc stream. He added to his riff with The Weeknd and XO by having Abel’s “Starboy” anthem turned off, claiming, “You have to switch this one,” Drake said. “Real 6-side we don’t listen to that.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.