A songwriter from Wales has become the first British musician to win a prestigious American songwriting competition.


  Julian Gardner, who hails from Llandudno, was crowned the overall grand prize winner at the 29th Annual USA Songwriting Competition - an accolade previously won by musicians from the USA, Canada, and Australia.


  Mr Gardner said: "I'm over the moon to be chosen as the 2024 USA Songwriting Competition overall grand prize winner.


  "I was speechless when I heard the news.


  "Receiving this incredible honour to be recognised by the USA Songwriting Competition in this way."


  He added: "I've been on a great musical journey so far, though sometimes tough at times, and this really has put some amazing light on my musical project that really makes it all worth the hard work.


  "It means so much to me to be validated like this and win the greatest songwriting competition in the world.


  "I feel so proud and honoured with this amazing news."


  The Welsh musician's winning song, Higher than Love, also bagged the best dance/electronica category award at the competition.


  This victory follows an honourable mention in the competition for his track Problem in 2023.


  Mr Gardner's musical journey began in his youth with a passion for playing drums.


  He played for various bands supporting acts like Toto, David Lee Roth, and Deep Purple.


  However, he soon discovered a love for piano and songwriting, resulting in his singles Problem and Higher Than Love.


  The songwriter cites artists such as The Weeknd, Avicii, and Calvin Harris as his inspirations.


  He said: "I'm inspired by electronic and dance music but also like to put mainstream elements in it that make it something people who aren't necessarily fans of electronic music could fall in enamoured with."


  In addition to music, Mr Gardner has a passion for design.


  After earning a BA Honours in graphical communication from Wrexham School of Art & Design, he has spent more than 20 years as a design director for leading global design agencies.


  He specialises in brand and packaging design, working with some of the world's most recognised brands, including Coca-Cola, Toblerone, Jack Daniel's, Dove, and Evian.


  Despite his global career, Mr Gardner still holds his roots in Llandudno close to his heart.


  He said: "Being brought up here I loved its natural beauty being near the beach, such a lovely place growing up.


  "But I do love the contrast between the natural beauty of Llandudno and the vibrant culture of London.


  "Over the recent years, I'm spending a lot more time here, now that I can work remotely from here for the global design agencies.


  "I am spending Christmas time here this year, which I’m really looking forward to, with my family."


  His winning song Higher Than Love is available on all major music streaming platforms.


  His album Reveal is set for release in 2025.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.