Common gushed over his relationship with Jennifer Hudson, saying, "If I'm going to get married, it's to her."
Common has most certainly found his dream girl in Jennifer Hudson.
The "Invocation" rapper couldn't help but gush over his lady love, even hinting that there may be wedding bells in their future.
"If I'm going to get married, it's to her," Common said during July 15 appearance on The Breakfast Club. "That's simple as that."
And the show's cohost Charlamagne tha God couldn't help but point out how happy the 52-year-old looked as he talked about Jennifer.
"This is definitely—with all due respect to all the women I've dated 'cause it's all love—but this is a really healthy and beautiful relationship," Common added. "When you're with somebody who's from where you're from, it's a different kind of connection, too. "
He noted that he and the Oscar winner are not only both from Chicago, but that he feels they're from the same place spiritually and as people—something he feels has made their relationship stronger.
The couple—who first sparked dating rumors in July 2022—cheekily confirmed their romance when Common appeared as guest on The Jennifer Hudson Show in January.
"I'm in a relationship that is with one of the most beautiful people I've met in life," Common—real name Lonnie Rashid Lynn—said. "She's smart, she loves God, she has something real down to earth about her. She's talented."
And while he didn't mention Jennifer by name during the interview, the "Wise Up" singer—who shares daughter Omoye Assata Lynn, 27, with ex Kim Jones—did drop several hints that could only be about the 42-year-old.
"I set my standard kind of high," he joked. "She had to have an EGOT. She had to win an Oscar on her first movie. She had to get her own talk show."
And when it comes to his romance with Jennifer—who like him is a recipient of the coveted Emmy, Grammy, Oscar and Tony—he added, "This relationship is a happy place for me." 
"For me, it's one of those things where I found where seeing her happy actually makes me really happy," the Selma actor continued. "I'm very grateful. I thank God every day and I'm just letting God guide this relationship."
And while Common and Jennifer—who shares son David, 14, with ex David Otunga—have kept their relationship private, Common has spoke before about finally being in a place where he sees marriage in his future.
"I feel like I have grown and the work that I have done on myself has allowed me to see that I am a marrying type," he explained on TODAY in January. "I'm capable and I have the capacity, and if at some point in my life I may want to do that, I would know when the right time is."
Curious about the love lives of other musicians? Keep reading.
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco
The "Lose You to Love Me" singer debuted her romance with the music producer in December 2023, writing in an Instagram comment, "He is my absolute everything in my heart."
Selena—who previously dated Justin Bieber and The Weeknd—has known Benny for at least eight years, as they worked together on her 2015 Revival tracks "Same Old Love" and "Kill Em With Kindness."
They got engaged in December 2024.
Ashanti and Nelly
The "Body on Me" collaborators dated on and off between 2003 and 2013, then rekindled their romance in 2023. They announced their engagement in April 2024, with Ashanti giving birth to the couple's first baby in July 2024.
Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra
The pair tied the knot in December 2018 and later welcomed daughter Malti Marie in January 2022.
"Family is a big part of my life. It's always been a part of my dreams," Priyanka told E! News' Daily Pop in January 2021, with Nick adding the next month, "We're blessed to have each other and have a full heart for the future."
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce
The Grammy winner saw sparks fly with the Kansas City Chiefs football player during the cruel summer of 2023.
“This all started when Travis very adorably put me on blast on his podcast, which I thought was metal as hell,” she told TIME in December 2023. “We started hanging out right after that. So we actually had a significant amount of time that no one knew, which I’m grateful for, because we got to get to know each other. By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple. I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date.”
Miley Cyrus and Maxx Morando
The Hannah Montana alum has been getting flowers from the Liily drummer since 2021.
"It's official between them," a source told E! News in January 2022, with a second insider adding, "They are both artistic and creative, so they bond over being musicians."
Harry Styles and Taylor Russell
The One Direction alum seemingly kicked off his golden romance with the Bones and All actress in 2023 following his split from Olivia Wilde. Harry and Taylor were spotted holding hands in London in September 2023, and he attended her final West End performance in The Effect the following month.
The pair reportedly called it quits in May after less than a year of dating.
Beyoncé and Jay-Z
The music legends tied the knot on April 4, 2008 and went on to welcome daughter Blue Ivy on January 7, 2012 and twins Rumi and Sir on June 13, 2017.
"I was 20 years old when we first started dating," Bey told Jay-Z on his birthday in 2006. "You taught me how to be a woman. You taught me how to live. You taught me how to be a friend. You've given me so much in life."
Adele and Rich Paul
The singer said hello to a new romance when she reconnected with the sports agent in 2021. Later that year, she praised him as "hilarious" and "very smart" during her CBS special, noting, "It's quite incredible watching him do what he does and just the easiness of it and very smooth."
As Adele told The Hollywood Reporter in December 2023, "Rich and I have always known everything about each other since the day we got together." 
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater
After news broke of Ariana's split with husband Dalton Gomez in July 2023, she said "thank u, next" and started a relationship with her Wicked costar, who officially filed for divorce from his wife Lilly Jay in September 2023.
Demi Lovato and Jutes
The couple met while working on her 2022 single "Substance" and she debuted her romance with the "Too Easy" artist in August 2022.
They got engaged in December 2023.
"We worked really well together and we're also just super in love," the Disney alum said on The Jennifer Hudson Show at the time. "It's amazing to find someone that you just laugh with and that you get to make music with."
A$AP Rocky and Rihanna
They found love after first meeting over a decade ago. The singers performe d"Cockiness" at the MTV Video Music Awards and grew closer over the years. Things seemed to turn romantic by 2018, when they cozied up at a Louis Vuitton fashion show. 
The couple welcomed son RZA in May 2022 and baby boy Riot Rose in August 2023.
Jennifer Lopez and Ben Affleck
Her love didn't cost a thing—except 20 years' wait. Though they originally got engaged in November 2002, Ben and J.Lo ultimately broke up and spent years apart. Their rekindled romance took off, with a second engagement in April 2022 and tied the knot just three months later.
However, the greatest love story never told ended in August 2024, when Jennifer filed for divorce. Their divorce was settled in January 2025.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.