The leaked songs from his burner Instagram have also been uploaded.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Drake is back for round two with another drop for his 100 Gigs content website. Drizzy went back into the archives and dug through the Nothing Was The Same-era archives circa 2013 to give fans a peek into his creative genius at the time. 

100 Gigs received an update on Sunday (Aug. 25), which also includes the three-pack of tracks he leaked on his burner Instagram on Friday (Aug. 23).

	There are highlights scattered throughout the content dump, with one featuring Drizzy talking to YG and Mustard following their “Who Do You Love” collaboration in 2014, which peaked at No. 54 on the Billboard Hot 100.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“I’m bout to send you a verse I did on this beat that Mustard sent me for you … I’m just about to record the s–t and I’ma send it to you,” Drake told YG and Mustard on the phone. “Just get Future to email it and I’ll send you the verse in 30 minutes … I’ma send you the s–t and let’s turn up the summer, I’m ready.”

	It’s an interesting chess move by Drake to showcase his once fruitful relationship with YG and Mustard, considering the pair of West Coast natives aligned themselves with Kendrick Lamar during Drizzy’s feud. YG danced on stage with Kendrick at the Pop Out concert and Mustard produced “Not Like Us.”
Drake drops new footage talking to YG & Mustard on the phone after recording his 2014 "Who Do You Love?" verse – via 100 Gigs vlogs pic.twitter.com/JA0CHCl5Ds

	Mustard also recently took things a step further regarding his relationship with Drake when he nixed the idea of ever doing another song with the 6 God and referred to him as a “strange guy” in an interview with The Los Angeles Times published Aug. 21. 

	“I don’t think I want to make a song with that dude,” he told the paper. “He’s a strange guy.”

	There were also some run-ins with his on-and-off-again enemy Ye — formerly known as Kanye West — as they shared the OVO Fest stage while Yeezy gave Drake his flowers. West even admitted that Drake’s explosion entering the rap game inspired him and Hov to make Watch the Throne.

	“Me and Hov wouldn’t have made Watch the Throne if this n—a wasn’t putting pressure on us like that,” he said before performing “Can’t Tell Me Nothin.” “So I just want to pay my respect.”
New footage of Drake & Kanye at OVO Fest 2013, shared by Drake via his 100 GIGS site"Me and Hov would've never made Watch The Throne if [Drake] wasn't putting pressure on us" pic.twitter.com/QZWtkgnVqo
Drake talks about meeting Kanye at OVO Fest (2013)"I'm the biggest Ye fan. Period. Sometimes I feel like I can't like it because I gotta go against it. But that sh*t tonight was almost therapeutic." pic.twitter.com/VbGPCW19hk

	The love fest continued backstage when Drake gushed about being a Ye fan and hearing West show his appreciation for his artistry since he grew up idolizing him. 

	










	“I’m the biggest Ye fan, period. Sometimes I feel like I can’t like it because I gotta go against it,” Drake admitted. “But that s–t tonight was almost therapeutic.”

	There was plenty of other footage in the latest drop, including a time when Drake and The Weeknd were on good terms, as well as footage recording NWTS tracks such as the Jay-Z-assisted “Pound Cake” and “Furthest Thing.” 
The Weeknd backstage at the 2013 OVO Fest in new footage released by Drake– via 100 Gigs pic.twitter.com/nR5Hhlt5E8

Nothing Was the Same arrived in September 2013 and debuted atop the Billboard 200 with 658,000 copies sold in the first week.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.