The band's 10th album will be out in October, while single 'feelslikeimfallinginlove' will be released on Friday (June 21)
Coldplay have announced their new album ‘Moon Music’, which will be made available on vinyl made from 100 per cent recycled plastic bottles.
The band’s 10th studio album will be released on October 4, while its first single ‘feelslikeimfallinginlove’ will be out on Friday (June 21). Pre-order the album here and pre-save the single here.
The album has been produced by Max Martin (Taylor Swift, The Weeknd, Katy Perry), and will be available in a limited number of hand-signed editions. See the album artwork below.
Coldplay – ‘Moon Music’ artwork
Each vinyl copy of the album will contain nine recycled PET-plastic bottles that have been recovered from post-consumer waste, which it is claimed will prevent the manufacture of more than 25 metric tonnes of virgin plastic, and provide an 85% reduction in CO2 emissions compared to traditional 140g vinyl.
Likewise, CD editions of the record will be the first in the world to be released on ‘EcoCD’, created from 90% recycled polycarbonate, sourced from post-consumer waste streams.
There will also be a limited ‘Notebook Edition’ of the record, which comes as a casebound hardback book, a faithful replica of frontman Chris Martin’s original studio notebook. It will contain 28 pages of notes, lyrics and illustrations from the album’s creative process.
The band have been teasing their return in recent weeks. On June 7, they shared a snippet of a new song on Instagram with the caption, “first time”, while six days later, they officially announced the song’s title as ‘feelslikeimfallinginlove’. They posted an image of the song title on X in front of a holographic moon against a teal background. The image read ‘June 21’.
feelslikeimfallinginlove June 21 pic.twitter.com/9Ujk4AIcHm
— Coldplay (@coldplay) June 13, 2024
The band gave the new single its live debut during their show at the Puskás Aréna in Budapest, Hungary last night (June 16). Watch footage above.
In the segments of the song that have already been heard, Martin sings: “It feels like I’m falling in love / Maybe for the first time / Baby, it’s in my mind / You blow / It feels like I’m falling in love / You’re throwing me a lifeline / This is for a lifetime / I know“.
Coldplay have previously hinted they would stop releasing albums in the year 2025. Back in 2021, they said in an interview with Jo Whiley that they were coming to the end of their time writing new material.
“Well I know I can tell you: our last proper record will come out in 2025 and after that I think we will only tour,” Martin said at the time. “Maybe we’ll do some collaborative things but the Coldplay catalogue, as it were, finishes then.”
Martin shared a similar sentiment with NME too in 2021, when he discussed how “intense” it can be to keep releasing new material.
“We’re going to make 12 albums. Because it’s a lot to pour everything into making them. I love it and it’s amazing, but it’s very intense too,” he said. “I feel like because I know that challenge is finite, making this music doesn’t feel difficult, it feels like, ‘This is what we’re supposed to be doing’.”
He added: “I don’t think that’s what we’ll do. I know that’s what we’ll do in terms of studio albums.”
The band are due to headline Glastonbury Festival later this month, when they will become the first act ever to top the Pyramid Stage bill five times, after their slots in 2002, 2005, 2011 and 2016.
Further to the new album’s green credentials, Coldplay also shared an update on the sustainability initiatives they have been implementing on their ‘Music Of The Spheres’ tour. They said the tour had generated 59 per cent less CO2 emissions than their previous stadium tour in 2016 and 2017, beating their own target of 50 per cent.
It has also been revealed that 7million trees have been planted globally thanks to the success of the live shows. This comes as a result of the band promising to have one tree planted for every person who attends the tour.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.