By 

	Jeff Ihaza


Kaytranada has announced his long-awaited new album. Timeless, out June 7, is the official follow-up to the Canadian producer’s Grammy-winning album Bubba, from 2019. 

Timeless’ 17 tracks and four bonus tracks feature two songs with Toronto singer Rochelle Jordan, including a new version of last year’s “Lover/Friend,” plus the recent single “Stuntin” featuring Channel Tres. The rest of the track list boasts a typically stacked lineup of guests including Don Toliver, Anderson .Paak, SiR, Thundercat, Kaytranada’s brother Lou Phelps, Dawn Richard, Childish Gambino, Tinashe, and more. There’s also a new song with PinkPantheress, who previously teamed up with Kaytranada for a Rolling Stone Musicians on Musicians conversation and a 2022 single.

Timeless will be Kaytranada’s second solo album on a major label, and his first since winning the Grammy for Best Dance/Electronic Album in 2021. In the years since that win, Kaytranada has toured with the Weeknd, moved from Montreal to Los Angeles, and released a joint project with rapper Aminé under the name Kaytraminé. This new album also coincides with a tour set to kick off in Paris on June 1.

	










	Find the Timeless cover art and track listing below.

	1. “Pressure” 2. “Spit It Out” (feat. Rochelle Jordan) 3. “Call U Up” (feat. Lou Phelps) 4. “Weird” (feat. Durand Bernarr) 5. “Dance Dance Dance Dance”6. “Feel a Way” (feat. Don Toliver) 7. “Still” (feat. Charlotte Day Wilson) 8. “Video” (feat. Ravyn Lenae) 9. “Seemingly” 10. “Drip Sweat” (feat. Channel Tres) 11. “Hold On” (feat. Dawn Richard) 12. “Please Babe” 13. “Stepped On” 14. “More Than a Little Bit” (feat. Tinashe) 15. “Do 2 Me” (feat. Anderson .Paak & SiR) 16. “Witchy” (feat. Childish Gambino) 17. “Lover/Friend” (feat. Rochelle Jordan) 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








Bonus tracks 

	1. “Wasted Words” (feat. Thundercat) 2. “Snap My Finger” (feat. PinkPantheress) 3. “Stuntin” (feat. Channel Tres)4. “Out of Luck” (feat. Mariah the Scientist) 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.