By CLAUDIA SMITH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:16, 23 April 2024   |  Updated:  06:16, 23 April 2024   
 1
View  comments
Katy Perry, Luke Bryan and Lionel Richie all rushed the stage after Kayko stunned them with his rock version of Goyte's hit song Somebody That I Used to Know on Monday's episode of American Idol.
Kayko, 23, a songwriter and producer from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, closed out the show rocking out to and jumping across the stage while he sang during the Billboard #1 Hits episode that featured performances by the Top 12.
Katy, 39, was the first to run to Kayko and then Lionel, 74, and Luke, 47, all joined in hugging him. 
Meghan Trainor, the show's Mega Mentor, was impressed with Kayko in rehearsals and said she felt like he was her best friend.
'Meghan Trainor, if you are watching, stay back,' Katy said. 'He's my best friend!'
Katy Perry rushed the stage followed by her fellow judges  after Kayko stunned them with his version of Goyte's hit song Somebody That I Used to Know on Monday's episode of American Idol
'So you liked it,' said host Ryan Seacrest, 49.
'We rushed the stage,' Katy said.
'Everything stayed on, you didn't lose any clothing,' Luke quipped after Katy earlier this season suffered a wardrobe malfunction following a performance.
'Three words - wow, wow, wow,' Lionel said.
Kayko was just one of the Top 12 contestants who competed to move on and make it to the Top 10.
The show also featured some star-studded moments including David Archuleta, 33, returning to the Idol stage to perform his new single Hell Together, a song that was inspired by his mother.
Ryan asked him to tell the story behind his song.
'I grew up very much in my faith and religion, very devout,' David said. 'But I came out of the closet a couple of years ago. It was very hard to balance faith and coming out. It was too much and so I stepped away and I announced it and I didn't hear from my Mom for a few days. So I was like ''oh no I pissed my Mom off''.'
Kayko, 23, a songwriter and producer from Fort Lauderdale, Florida , closed out the show rocking out to and jumping across the stage while he sang during the Billboard #1 Hits episode that featured performances by the Top 12
Katy was the first to reach the stage and embraced Kayko
Luke Bryan and Lionel Richie were right behind her and joined in on a group hug
'Everything stayed on, you didn't lose any clothing,' Luke quipped after Katy earlier this season suffered a wardrobe malfunction following a performance
The show also featured some star-studded moments including David Archuleta, 33, returning to the Idol stage to perform his new single Hell Together, a song that was inspired by his mother
David said a few days went by and then his mother texted him that she had also stepped away from the church.
'She said ''I don't want to be somewhere where my children don't feel love and accepted and if you are going to hell, then we are all going to hell with you.''
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, was the first contestant to take the stage. Abi picked Taylor Swift's hit All Too Well playing the piano.
'Prove to them why you deserve to be here,' Meghan said to her in rehearsals.
'I really like when you draw us in and create this intimate moment that is your strength,' Katy said after Abi performed for the crowd. 'Give us angelic every single time.'
Ryan walked out wearing a Taylor Swift tour shirt.
'It's my sleep shirt,' Ryan said. 'I got it extra big.'
'Ryan you are a Swifty!' Katy said.
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, was the first contestant to take the stage and performed Taylor Swift's hit All Too Well playing the piano
Will Moseley, 23, from Hazlehurst, Georgia, picked the Chris Stapleton hit Starting Over. Meghan gave him a couple critiques in rehearsals and encouraged him to smile more.
'What I love about that particular performance was you went from 0 to 100 in less than two seconds,' Lionel said when he finished. 'By the way you did an amazing job.'
Jayna Elise, 22, from Washington, D.C., picked Rihanna's hit Diamonds. She got really excited meeting Meghan in rehearsals telling her she used to cover her songs when she was little.
'That was one really timeless professional performance,' Luke said. 'Don't let off the gas yet. Keep delivering and taking it to new levels.'
Mia Matthews, 19, from Centre, Alabama, performed Miranda Lambert's hit Over You. Meghan had a video call with Kelsea Ballerini in rehearsals to 'help her look cool ' for Mia and then encouraged her to be more confident on stage.
'Everything you are doing now is star power stuff,' Luke said. 'Great job!'
'You have grown so much! ' Lionel said. 'You keep this going and you are going places.'
Roman Collins, 24, a worship leader from Long Beach, California, decided to perform Katy's hit Roar. Roman did the song his own way playing the piano while he sang the song on stage. When he finished, Katy got up and hugged him and the crowd gave him a standing ovation.
Will Moseley, 23, from Hazlehurst, Georgia, picked the Chris Stapleton hit Starting Over
Jayna Elise, 22, from Washington, D.C., picked Rihanna's hit Diamonds
Mia Matthews, 19, from Centre, Alabama, performed Miranda Lambert's hit Over You
Roman Collins, 24, a worship leader from Long Beach, California, decided to perform Katy's hit Roar
'My parents who have prayed for me all my life and I would credit a lot of my success to them, they are praying for you, too,' Katy said. 'That was amazing and I hope you don't mind if I try that version out on the next tour.'
Jack Blocker, 25, a graphic designer, from Nashville, sang Blinding Lights by The Weeknd. Meghan during rehearsal told him that she liked the twist he put on the song.
'It was really, really cool,' Luke said after Jack's performance.
'What I love about you is you have a unique sound,' Lionel said. 'If you do this correctly, I smell money. I smell lots of money.'
Emmy Russell, 25, from Nashville, picked the Selena Gomez song Lose You To Love Me. During rehearsal, Emmy got nervous and forgot some of the words. Meghan encouraged her to try to feel comfortable. The judges ended up giving her a standing ovation.
'You keep shining in these moments,' Luke said.
'You did a great job!' Lionel said.
'I think that was one of the best vocal performances you have ever given us,' Katy said.
Triston Harper, 15, a high school student from McIntosh, Alabama, sang the Luke Combs hit Beautiful Crazy and dedicated it to his girlfriend Paris. Meghan called Paris to tell her when she was shopping at Walmart.
'I loved it,' Katy said.
Jack Blocker, 25, a graphic designer, from Nashville, sang Blinding Lights by The Weeknd
Emmy Russell, 25, from Nashville, picked the Selena Gomez song Lose You To Love Me
Triston Harper, 15, a high school student from McIntosh, Alabama, sang the Luke Combs hit Beautiful Crazy and dedicated it to his girlfriend Paris
Julia Gagnon, 21, a college student from Cumberland, Maine, sang Something In The Orange by Zach Bryan. She said the song has an emotional connection after the loss of her fiancé's grandmother. The judges gave her a standing ovation.
'It was well done, well done,' Luke said.
'That performance actually convinced me that you are back in the game, solid,' Lionel said.
Kaibrienne, 20, from Henefer, Utah, told Meghan that she was a super fan of hers when she was growing up. She told her that was going to sing the Miley Cyrus hit Wrecking Ball.
'The ending was truly incredible,' Luke said after Kaibrenne's performance.
'I love the way that it sounded,' Lionel said.
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, from Gilbert, Arizona, sang another Taylor Swift hit. She picked Taylor's song Cardigan. Meghan coached her virtually since McKenna was feeling sick.
'That was my favorite!' Katy said after McKenna killed it.
Julia Gagnon, 21, a college student from Cumberland, Maine, sang Something In The Orange by Zach Bryan
Kaibrienne, 20, from Henefer, Utah, took on the Miley Cyrus hit Wrecking Ball
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, from Gilbert, Arizona, sang another Taylor Swift hit, Cardigan
The Top 12 was narrowed down to the Top 10
'Great job!' Luke said.
Ryan then walked out wearing a cardigan.
At the end of the two-hour episode, Ryan announced that the two contestants going home were Jayna and Roman. The rest of the contestants moved on to the Top 10.
American Idol will return Sunday on ABC.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group