The Boy revisited his "Back To Back" strategy after silence from K. Dot. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	He waited four days, where y’all at? 

Drake dropped “Taylor Made Freestyle” this weekend, another diss track aimed at Kendrick Lamar, this time featuring A.I. Tupac and Snoop Dogg vocals.

	This track was a chess move for multiple reasons. One, the Compton rapper hadn’t replied to him after “Push Ups” leaked last weekend. Two, he “called on” two of Lamar’s idols to question whether or not he was fit for this beef. 

	“You seem a little nervous about all the publicity/ F**k this Canadian lightskin, Dot/ We need a no-debated West Coast victory, man/ Call him a bi**h for me/ Talk about him likin’ young girls, that’s a gift from me/ Heard it on the Budden Podcast, it’s gotta be true/ They told me the spirit of Makaveli is alive/ In a ni**a under 5’5″, so it’s gotta be you,” the A.I. version of Pac rapped in the first verse. Notably, his delivery was in a cadence similar to that of the 6 God. 

	In Snoop Dogg‘s verse, he called out Kendrick Lamar for not living the life of a rugged thug and biting off more than he can chew in this beef. “I know you never been to jail or wore jumpsuits and shower shoes/ Never shot nobody, never stabbed nobody/ Never did nothing violent to no one, it’s the homies that empower you/ But still, you gotta show this f**kin’ owl who’s boss on the West/ Now’s a time to really make a power move/ ‘Cause right now it’s looking like you writin’ out the game plan on how to lose,” he rapped.

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Finally, the Toronto superstar stepped in for the last verse and used his own vocals. He continued to imply that Taylor Swift has ownership over the Pulitzer Prize winner’s career. “The first one really only took me an hour or two/ The next one is really ’bout to bring out the coward in you/ But now we gotta wait a f**kin’ week ’cause Taylor Swift is your new Top/ And if you ’bout to drop, she gotta approve/ This girl really ’bout to make you act like you not in a feud/ She tailor-made your schedule with Ant, you out of the loop,” he rapped.

	Currently, “Taylor Made Freestyle” is only available via Drake’s Instagram and Twitter. The track came out early in the morning this past Saturday (April 20), just one day after “Push Ups” was officially added to streaming services. 

	“Push Ups” leaked earlier this month and DJ Akademiks did an official preview of the mastered version of the diss track on his stream. Drake took shots at Kendrick Lamar, Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, The Weeknd, Ja Morant, and more on the record. 

	










	Rozay offered his response that same day on “Champagne Moments,” calling the father of one out for allegedly getting nose surgery, sending a cease & desist to French Montana over a verse on his latest album, and much more. Still, people are waiting for K. Dot’s response over anyone else’s, and there’s no indication of when that will come. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.