During the short, not-so-sweet airing of HBO’s The Idol, which was canceled last August after one five-episode season, many of the show’s cast members defended the project against reports of alleged on-set toxicity.
There were statements from cast members Lily-Rose Depp, Jane Adams, and Hank Azaria, as well as a denial from HBO in the aftermath of a Rolling Stone piece detailing alleged behind-the-scenes issues. The problems reportedly originated from a creative overhaul and the exit of the series’ original director, Amy Seimetz, who was replaced by Euphoria’s Sam Levinson.
Star and cocreator The Weeknd responded by sharing what appeared to be a clip from the then unaired show featuring himself, Depp, and costar Dan Levy, in which his character, Tedros, said, “Yeah, nobody cares about Rolling Stone.”
That scene never appeared in the final cut of the show, though. The project has also been publicly unacknowledged by Levy—until now. The actor, writer, and director was asked about the series while promoting his new film, Good Grief, on Tuesday’s episode of Watch What Happens Live With Andy Cohen. “Why were your scenes cut from The Idol, and what did you really think of the show?” Cohen asked on behalf of a fan, his query earning an audible gasp from fellow guest Busy Philipps.
Levy, who appeared only in the show’s first episode before basically disappearing completely, seemed taken aback by the question as well. He nervously laughed a bit before offering: “I think it was only one scene that was cut. And I didn’t—well, I was busy…making my movie at the time when it came out. So I only really saw, like, my episode and I haven’t caught up.”
Apparently, viewers jumped ship by the time The Idol aired its finale in early July. “The Idol was one of HBO’s most provocative original programs, and we’re pleased by the strong audience response,” the network spokesperson said in a statement to VF when announcing the show’s cancellation. “After much thought and consideration, HBO, as well as the creators and producers, have decided not to move forward with a second season. We’re grateful to the creators, cast, and crew for their incredible work.”
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment