Register to Drapers to read ONE FREE article and a FREE digital edition
Register to Drapers to read ONE FREE article and a FREE digital edition
Chaz Jordan started his career alongside Virgil Abloh, is friends with world-famous rappers and – at the age of 33 – has already founded and sold three brands. Drapers spoke to the designer from Milan Men’s Fashion Week.

 By Rebecca Jane Hill
17 January 2024

At the age of just 33, Chaz Jordan has founded and sold three brands, of which 1989 Studio is the latest. Speaking to Drapers before showing his autumn/winter 2024 collection at Milan Fashion Week on Sunday 14 January, the Chicago-born designer was free of any pre-show panic. 
“We were actually ready earlier this morning. We finished late last night – it was a two-day build-out. And then today, we just finished up the fittings and soundcheck with [rapper] Quavo. So now we're ready to go,” he calmly told Drapers ahead of the event. 
Jordan founded his first brand, Au Courant, while living in Paris aged 22. At 24, he transitioned Au Courant into what would become his second brand, Ih Nom Uh Nit. Jordan built the brand into a celebrity and pop culture sensation, which led to its acquisition by an undisclosed third party in 2019. 
He then headed to Los Angeles to launch 1989 Studio, which debuted in 2021. Retail prices start at £205 for a slogan T-shirt and go up to £2580 for a crystal embellished hoodie. The brand was acquired by the Italian Folli Follie (FF) Group in November 2022 for an undisclosed sum – with Jordan staying on as designer – and showed its autumn/winter 2024 collection on Sunday at the brand’s new Milan headquarters. 
The multifunctional space at Via GB Piranesi 4 will serve as 1989 Studio’s dedicated showroom, commercial office and design studio. Jordan’s goal was to create an open concept that showcases every part of the business, while creating an element of accessibility to the inner workings of the label. 
Of Sunday night’s event, he said: “This was a way for us to consolidate everyone into one location, get the press and the attention on our space to show the growth, and also the long-term plans that we have, both from a financial investment perspective, as well as to see the improvement from the previous season.” 
He continues: “It’s really unheard of for a brand that's our age to go into a full space like this with a full team. So that's really the reason why we chose to show here.”  
Chaz Jordan (left) and rapper Quavo (right) at 1989 Studio's Milan Men's Fashion Week presentation

Chaz Jordan (left) and rapper Quavo (right) at 1989 Studio's Milan Men's Fashion Week presentation
This is the brand’s third collection, with the previous two being shown in Paris. Jordan notes that the acquisition by the luxury retail FF Group has enabled 1989 Studio to level up across the board in terms of staff, production and switching to new and improved suppliers for this season’s collection. 
“If you look at our first two runway shows, you would never know that we were only a team of four people – five in the entire company. The team has now more than doubled in size, so with that comes the ability and the capability to be able to go to the bigger factories and say, 'Hey, we're a company that is stable, and that has the manpower to handle joining you as a client.' And all the factories thankfully agreed to give us a shot.” Belonging to the FF group, which has brands such as Ermenegildo Zegna, Juicy Couture, UGG Australia, Guess, Nike and G-Star Raw in its portfolio, it's easy to see why this was the case.   
While Jordan’s background is in streetwear (he started out in 2011 working at Chicago retail space RSVP gallery alongside designers Virgil Abloh and Don C) 1989 is described as a “modern luxury lifestyle brand”. For autumn/winter 2024, the focus is on “elevated simplicity”, with denim playing a leading role. Different colours and treatments feature across oversized jackets and jeans for both men and women. Elsewhere, heavy overcoats are layered over comfortable yet sleek tracksuits, and logos are few and far between. 
Jordan is unusually calm for a designer about to present a new collection and unveil a new headquarters, all in a new city. “I've shown in Milan quite a few times with my previous brands, so I know what to expect. I feel very comfortable, and we receive a lot of support from the Italians [because of previous shows]. So my footing and the relationships that I have here are very strong.” He laughs: “[There is] no stress, but I usually don't stress before shows. I just hang out with all my friends, show them the clothes and then go home.” 
1989 Studio autumn/winter 2024

1989 Studio autumn/winter 2024
It helps when your friends are world famous rappers. For Sunday’s presentation, Quavo (of the US group Migos) performed at 1989’s new location, and throughout his career Jordan has dressed the likes of Kanye West, The Weeknd and Two Chainz. 
“We have a lot of those clients and supporters because the inspiration that I draw from – or a lot of my ideas and concepts – just come from my upbringing, which consisted of a lot of hip-hop and listening to these artists. So it comes through – it’s articulated in the design language.” 
He is conscious, however, to not pigeon-hole himself and the brand:.“But we also [work with] a lot of other people. I mean, Justin Bieber is the one who is responsible for actually launching us, with his support. So the [brand] spectrum, I would say, isn't necessarily just hip-hop or rap. They [rappers] just tend to show up and obviously hip-hop has the most influence globally at the moment.”  
Jordan does not worry about comparisons between him and his former colleague, Off-White founder Virgil Abloh. “No,” he answers quickly. “The reason I say no is because we all have a very definitive style. And even if you ask Jerry [Lorenzo, founder of label Fear Of God] or Don [C, streetwear designer] it doesn't matter, if you ask them, they will all say the same thing. Each one of our styles is so unique and specific to us.” He does realise the crossover, however. “What tends to happen is you'll have groups where one style cannibalises the other. But if you look at Virgil with Off White, if you look at me with my brands, if you look at Fear Of God, they're all distinct. We don't necessarily view one another as competition, it's more so how can we help and support [each other] because we don't feel like we're stepping on one another's toes. It’s a very collaborative environment.” 
Jordan is now seeking to emulate this collaborative approach in-house, having recently hired two new designers – one from Kanye West’s Yeezy label and one from Jerry Lorenzo’s Fear Of God. “It’s the first time I’ve ever had a design team in my entire career. So my goal now is to continue to push as much as I can creatively, now that I have the team to actually support that and now that we have the infrastructure to execute the ideas.” He also confirms 1989 has just partnered with a “top Japanese distributor” as it plans to expand to the “entire Asian market”. With the backing of a major retail group, a new team and celebrity brand endorsements, the future looks bright for Chaz Jordan. 
Tags1989 studio chaz jordan Milan Men's Fashion Week Virgil Abloh
Recommended Articles
Operating profits at shirtmaker Charles Tyrwhitt rose to £24.7m for the 53…
Californian activewear label Vuori opened its third London store in Chelsea today…
Primark has launched a collaborative collection with doughnut chain Krispy Kreme today…

Sign in or Register a new account to join the discussion.
			
Get full access to all the fashion industry news and intelligence you need 
Browse the archive of more than 55,000 articles, access bespoke in-depth research, read the daily and weekly newsletters in full, receive the print magazine (optional), and gain priority access to Drapers events