ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INCHEON, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 02: Jennie of BLACKPINK is seen leaving Incheon International Airport ... More for Paris Fashion Week SS23 on October 02, 2022 in Incheon, South Korea. (Photo by The Chosunilbo JNS/Imazins via Getty Images)
Every week, Jennie, one of the four members of the band Blackpink, climbs higher and higher on the Billboard charts. The singer’s current hit “One of the Girls” has been slowly stepping up on the rankings for months, and it is still hitting new peaks and making history. This frame, the tune manages another impressive showing, and by improving once more, it helps the singer break a record set by one of her groupmates.
“One of the Girls” rises to a new high point of No. 34 on this week’s Pop Airplay chart. Billboard publishes the 40-spot list of the tracks that rack up the largest number of audience impressions at pop radio stations across the U.S. each week.
Last week, “One of the Girls” debuted on the Pop Airplay chart in last place. It opened at No. 40, making history as it did so. Now that it’s climbed, it’s managed even more notable feats by simply lifting a few rungs.
“One of the Girls” now ranks as the second-highest-charting hit in the history of the Pop Airplay chart by any solo South Korean musician. The tune leapfrogs over two other tracks that fit this description, immediately beating both Alexa’s “Wonderland” and Lisa’s “Money.” Those two cuts rose as high as Nos. 38 and 35, respectively.
Lisa is also one of the four members of Blackpink. Until this week, her single “Money” held as the highest-rising hit from any of the singers that make up the world-famous girl group—on the Pop Airplay chart, that is. Lisa is originally from Thailand, but she launched her music career in South Korea, and she’s largely known for her K-pop tunes.
For the moment, only one track by a solo South Korean female musician has reached higher on the Pop Airplay chart. Bibi, joined by alternative artist 347aidan, once climbed to No. 31 on the ranking with “The Weekend.” Based on how well “One of the Girls” is performing, it could easily match that milestone in a week or so, and perhaps even pass it.
“One of the Girls” was released in June 2023, but it began really picking up steam months after it dropped. The tune became something of a viral hit, and it’s been debuting on Billboard charts left and right and cautiously working its way up a variety of rankings ever since. The song is fronted by The Weeknd and also features actor Lily Rose Depp, as it was created for the show that all three musicians starred in, The Idol, which aired on HBO last year.