By BRIAN MARKS and JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:52, 19 February 2024   |  Updated:  08:18, 19 February 2024   
 26
View  comments
Adam Sandler put on a hilarious show when he reunited with his regular costar Jennifer Aniston at the 2024 People's Choice Awards on Sunday.
The 57-year-old comedian and actor had everyone in Santa Monica's Barker Hangar in stitches after Aniston, 55, presented him with the People's Icon Award, but he acted as if he thought he had just been named People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive.
The Uncut Gems star, who hit the red carpet earlier in the evening with his wife Jackie Sandler, joked that it was 'about freaking time' that he be recognized for his physical attractiveness.
He said at the start of his speech that when his agent called him while he was driving to tell him he would be honored with the People's Icon Award, he misheard him and thought he was People's Sexiest Man Alive, so he decided to just read the acceptance speech he originally wrote for the wrong honor. 
Meanwhile, Jennifer stood to his side in her little black off-the-shoulder dress as she watched the comic display. 
Adam Sandler, 57, joked that he thought he was named People's Sexiest Man Alive when his longtime friend Jennifer Aniston, 55, presented him with the People's Icon Award at the 2024 People's Choice Awards on Sunday in Santa Monica
Meanwhile, Jennifer stood to his side in her little black off-the-shoulder dress as she watched the comic display 
She showcased her toned legs in the item, which had a ragged skirt hem and appeared to be wrinkled, as she took to the stage to introduce the former Saturday Night Live star 
She showcased her toned legs in the item, which had a ragged skirt hem and appeared to be wrinkled, as she took to the stage to introduce the former Saturday Night Live star. 
She wore her blond hair with a side part, and her shoulder-length locks were slightly flipped up at the bottom.
Jennifer called Adam her 'very good friend' and 'brother from another mother,' and she praised him as 'an extraordinary father, husband, and one of the most loyal friends you could ever, ever have.'
She ran through some of his biggest films, while noting that she had starred with him in a few of them. 
The two comic stars first costarred in the 2011 romantic comedy Just Go With It, in which Adam played a single plastic surgeon who pretends to be in an unhappy marriage to hit on women, before he begs his friend (Aniston) to stand in as he wife to make the illusion real.
They reunited in 2019 for his Netflix comedy Murder Mystery, followed by a sequel released last year.
After he took to the stage, Adam explained the snafu and decided to stick with what he had prepared.
'So anyway, I wrote a speech for that, and I don't have one prepared for the icon thing, but I'm going to do the speech that I wrote,' he said.
Music
Male artist of the year: Jung Kook (WINNER)
Female artist of the year: Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Male country artist of the year: Jelly Roll (WINNER)
Female country artist of the year: Lainey Wilson (WINNER)
Male Latin artist of the year: Bad Bunny (WINNER)
Female Latin artist of the year: Shakira (WINNER)
Pop artist of the year: Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Hip-hop artist of the year: Nicki Minaj (WINNER)
R&B artist of the year: Beyoncé (WINNER)
New artist of the year: Ice Spice (WINNER)
Group/duo of the year: Stray Kids (WINNER)
Song of the year: Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire” (WINNER)
Album of the year: Olivia Rodrigo, Guts (WINNER)
Collaboration song of the year: Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice with Aqua, “Barbie World” (WINNER)
Concert tour of the year: Taylor Swift, The Eras Tour (WINNER)
Movies
Movie of the year: Barbie (WINNER)
Action movie of the year: The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
Comedy movie of the year: Barbie (WINNER)
Drama movie of the year: Oppenheimer (WINNER)
Male movie star of the year: Ryan Gosling, Barbie (WINNER)
Female movie star of the year: Margot Robbie, Barbie (WINNER)
Margot Robbie is a leading contender for female movie star of the year for Barbie
Action movie star of the year: Rachel Zegler, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
Comedy movie star of the year: Jennifer Lawrence, No Hard Feelings (WINNER)
Drama movie star of the year
Jenna Ortega, Scream VI (WINNER)
Movie performance of the year
America Ferrera, Barbie (WINNER)
TV
Show of the year: Grey’s Anatomy (WINNER)
Comedy show of the year: Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Drama show of the year: The Last of Us (WINNER)
Sci-fi/fantasy show of the year: Loki (WINNER)
Reality show of the year: The Kardashians (WINNER)
Competition show of the year: The Voice (WINNER)
Bingeworthy show of the year: The Summer I Turned Pretty (WINNER)
Male TV star of the year: Pedro Pascal, The Last of Us (WINNER)
Female TV star of the year: Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Comedy TV star of the year: Jeremy Allen White, The Bear (WINNER)
Drama TV star of the year: Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show (WINNER)
TV performance of the year
Billie Eilish, Swarm (WINNER)
Reality TV star of the year
Khloé Kardashian, The Kardashians (WINNER)
Competition contestant of the year
Ariana Madix, Dancing with the Stars (WINNER)
Daytime talk show of the year
The Kelly Clarkson Show (WINNER)
Nighttime talk show of the year
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon (WINNER)
Host of the year
Jimmy Fallon, That’s My Jam (WINNER)
Pop Culture
Social celebrity of the year
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Comedy act of the year
Chris Rock, Selective Outrage (WINNER)
Athlete of the year
Travis Kelce (WINNER)
She wore her blond hair with a side part, and her shoulder-length locks were slightly flipped up at the bottom
Her dress featured a cutout over her back
Jennifer called Adam her 'very good friend' and 'brother from another mother,' and she praised him as 'an extraordinary father, husband, and one of the most loyal friends you could ever, ever have'
They starred together in 2011's Just Go With It, followed by 2019's Murder Mystery and its 2023 sequel
'My name is Adam Sandler and I am the sexiest man alive, can I get a hell yeah?' he continued to cheers from the audience. 
'To the People Magazine’s academy members of hotness and sexual attractiveness I would like to say thank you for recognizing me as the man who made our entire country the horniest this year and was by far the most-talked-about person in the bedroom by couples or throuples during fantasy role plays and sloppy time. Can I get another hell yeah?' he joked.
'I am trying to be gracious, People Magazine, but I have to admit three words keep popping into my head right now: "It's about freaking time!"' he shouted. 'For decades, Adam Sandler has been waiting patiently on the sexy bench.'
He had the audience cracking up as he talked about 'fantasy role play sloppy time' and his 'finger-licking desirability'.
'To the People Magazine's Academy of Hotness and Sexual Attractiveness, I would like to say thank you for recognizing me as the man who made our entire country the horniest this year,' he said.
He also called himself 'the most talked about person in the bedroom by couples, throuples or fantasy role play sloppy time'.
To the guffaws of the audience, he said he had been 'waiting patiently on the sexy bench with his legs wide open, radiating sensuality, finger-licking desirability and a slight hint of man bulge, tastefully displayed for his, hers or their pleasure.'
Sandler then said that after accepting the award, he will 'proudly' place the trophy beside his bed.
After he took to the stage, Adam explained the snafu and decided to stick with what he had prepared. 'So anyway, I wrote a speech for that, and I don't have one prepared for the icon thing, but I'm going to do the speech that I wrote,' he said.
'Thank you for recognizing me as the man who made our entire country the horniest this year and was by far the most-talked-about person in the bedroom by couples or throuples during fantasy role plays and sloppy time,' he joked
It will sit 'where it will witness many feats of romantic gymnastic performed gently on my fine as hell wife', he said as his wife laughed in the audience.
'It will witness me pulling off the regular style, the weird noises style and of course, my specialty, the sorry-about-that, get-you-next-time style,' he continued.
The comedian then referenced his affinity for baggy clothes and joked that he hides 'pure perfection' underneath his 'XX loose-fitting leisure wear'. 
He listed 'the highlights' and said: 'My abs — don't have any. My hip bones — under there somewhere. My belly button — lost that thing years ago.
'My nipples — one pointing east, the other pointing south... and a third pointing at anything that would dare to look at it,' he continued. 'Lastly, my pee-pee. On a Pinocchio scale, it is six to 12 lies long — depending on wind chill or humidity.'
Finally, he concluded his speech by sharing some wisdom to 'the ugly folk out there'.
The Uncut Gems star hit the red carpet earlier in the evening with his wife Jackie Sandler
His advice was to 'embrace your chubbiness, lean into your goofiness and start hanging out with David Spade and Rob Schneider, so you can look handsomer and three feet taller than you really are.' 
He ended off his speech by getting serious and thanking all of his supporters — including his daughters, who he called his 'best friends', and his 'partner for life' Jackie.
Sandler has long been a box-office favorite and a hit with comedy fans, but he has also starred in several critically acclaimed films and even modern classics, including Funny People and Punch Drunk Love.
He scored some of the best reviews of his career for starring with Ben Stiller and Dustin Hoffman in The Meyerowitz Stories (New And Selected), and he was universally acclaimed in the tense thriller Uncut Gems.
In 2018, he returned to stand-up specials with 100% Fresh, which was fitting a hit with audiences and critics. 
Sandler arrived to the show in a tasteful striped navy blue suit with a matching patterned tie.
He kept an arm around his wife Jackie, who looked gorgeous in a little black dress with a rippling skirt.
Sandler arrived to the show in a tasteful striped navy blue suit with a matching patterned tie
He kept an arm around his wife Jackie, who looked gorgeous in a little black dress with a rippling skirt. She complemented it with black tights and matching heels, and she styled her brunette hair in thick curls that cascaded dramatically down her shoulders
She complemented it with black tights and matching heels, and she styled her brunette hair in thick curls that cascaded dramatically down her shoulders. 
Barbie and Oppenheimer (AKA 'Barbenheimer') have ruled this awards season, and tonight's show is no exception, as they earned the most nods in the movie categories.
Barbie, which stars Margot Robbie and Ryan Reynolds, is the top nominee with nine nominations, including individual nods for its two leading stars.
Meanwhile, the Christopher Nolan–directed Oppenheimer follows behind with six nominations, including recognitions for Cillian Murphy and Florence Pugh.
Two weeks after her record breaking run at the Grammy Awards, Taylor Swift leads all musicians with five nominations.
She was nominated for a range of categories including for her songs, social media presence and even her The Eras Tour concert film, which was a massive global hit at the box office.
Taylor was in interesting company, as rapper Nicki Minaj and country musicians Luke Combs and Morgan Wallen also earned five nods each.
When it comes to television, Only Murders In The Building earned the most nominations, including recognitions for Selena Gomez, Meryl Streep and Steve Martin.
The reality show of the year category will be one to watch, as Vanderpump Rules will be the favorite coming off the Scandoval storyline, and it will be facing heavy competition from other nominees, including Hulu's The Kardashians.
The event will be hosted by Marvel Cinematic Universe star Simu Liu, who is best known for his roles in the sitcom Kim’s Convenience, as well as in Marvel’s Shang-Chi And The Legend Of The Ten Rings.
He also portrayed one of the several Kens in the aforementioned $1.4billion blockbuster Barbie.
As hosting during award season has been a major talking point, the 34-year-old Chinese–Canadian actor told USA Today: 'It’s not about slandering anyone.
Barbie and Oppenheimer have ruled awards season, and tonight's show is no exception, as they earned the most nods in the movie categories. The Christopher Nolan–directed Oppenheimer has six nominations, including nods for Cillian Murphy and Florence Pugh
Two weeks after her record breaking run at the Grammy Awards Taylor Swift leads all musicians wife five nominations; she is pictured in March 2023
When it comes to television Only Murders In The Building earned the most nominations including recognitions for Selena Gomez, Meryl Streep (pictured) and Steve Martin
The event will be hosted by Marvel Cinematic Universe star Simu Liu (pictured in January) who is best known for his roles in sitcom Kim’s Convenience as well as in Marvel’s Shang-Chi and the Legend of the Ten Rings
'It’s not about getting the most offensive joke that you can possibly get away with. It’s not about being the guy that’s cutting other people down.'
The event will also see major presenters including musicians Victoria Monet and Kane Brown.
Kylie Minogue, Lainey Wilson and Lenny Kravitz are also set to perform on the telecast.
NBC and E! will air a two-hour live telecast of the 2024 People’s Choice Awards ceremony on on Sunday, February 18, at 8 p.m. ET. The show can also be streamed on Peacock.
Music
Male artist of the year
Bad Bunny
Drake
Jack Harlow
Jung Kook (WINNER)
Luke Combs
Morgan Wallen
Post Malone
The Weeknd
Female artist of the year
Beyoncé
Doja Cat
Karol G
Lainey Wilson
Miley Cyrus
Nicki Minaj
Olivia Rodrigo
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Taylor Swift is a favorite in the coveted Female artist of the year category
Male country artist of the year
Chris Stapleton
Cody Johnson
HARDY
Jelly Roll (WINNER)
Kane Brown
Luke Combs
Morgan Wallen
Zach Bryan
Female country artist of the year
Ashley McBryde
Carly Pearce
Carrie Underwood
Gabby Barrett
Kelsea Ballerini
Lainey Wilson (WINNER)
Megan Moroney
Shania Twain
Male Latin artist of the year
Bad Bunny (WINNER)
Bizarrap
Feid
Manuel Turizo
Maluma
Peso Pluma
Rauw Alejandro
Ozuna
Female Latin artist of the year
Ángela Aguilar
Anitta
Becky G
Kali Uchis
Karol G
Rosalía
Shakira (WINNER)
Young Miko
Becky G (seen on Wednesday) is competing for female Latin artist of the year
Pop artist of the year
Billie Eilish
Doja Cat
Dua Lipa
Jung Kook
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
Tate McRae
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Hip-hop artist of the year
Cardi B
Drake
Future
Jack Harlow
Latto
Nicki Minaj (WINNER)
Post Malone
Travis Scott
R&B artist of the year
Beyoncé (WINNER)
Brent Faiyaz
Janelle Monáe
SZA
Tems
The Weeknd
Usher
Victoria Monét
New artist of the year
Coi Leray
Ice Spice (WINNER)
Jelly Roll
Jung Kook
Noah Kahan
Peso Pluma
PinkPantheress
Stephen Sanchez
Group/duo of the year
Dan + Shay
Fuerza Regida
Grupo Frontera
Jonas Brothers
Old Dominion
Paramore
Stray Kids (WINNER)
TOMORROW X TOGETHER
Song of the year
Dua Lipa, “Dance the Night”
Luke Combs, “Fast Car”
Miley Cyrus, “Flowers”
Gunna, “Fukumean”
Tate McRae, “greedy”
Morgan Wallen, “Last Night”
Doja Cat, “Paint the Town Red”
Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire” (WINNER)
Miley Cyrus' smash hit Flowers is up for consideration for song of the year
Album of the year
Miley Cyrus, Endless Summer Vacation
Drake, For All the Dogs
Luke Combs, Gettin’ Old
Olivia Rodrigo, Guts (WINNER)
Karol G, Mañana Será Bonito
Bad Bunny, Nadie Sabe Lo Que Va a Pasar Mañana
Morgan Wallen, One Thing at a Time
Nicki Minaj, Pink Friday 2
Collaboration song of the year
Lil Durk Feat. J. Cole, “All My Life”
Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice with Aqua, “Barbie World” (WINNER)
Eslabon Armado X Peso Pluma, “Ella Baila Sola”
Drake Feat. J. Cole, “First Person Shooter”
Zach Bryan feat. Kasey Musgraves, “I Remember Everything”
Jung Kook feat. Latto, “Seven”
Karol G and Shakira, “TQG”
Grupo Frontera X Bad Bunny, “Un x100to”
Concert tour of the year
Ed Sheeran, +–=÷x Tour
Coldplay, Music of the Spheres World Tour
Harry Styles, Love on Tour
Luke Combs, World Tour
Morgan Wallen, One Night at a Time World Tour
P!nk, Summer Carnival Tour
Beyoncé, Renaissance World Tour
Taylor Swift, The Eras Tour (WINNER)
Movies
Movie of the year
Barbie (WINNER)
Fast X
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Oppenheimer
Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour Film
The Little Mermaid
The Super Mario Bros. Movie
Barbie - which made $1.4billion in the worldwide box office - is up for movie of the year
Action movie of the year
Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania
Fast X
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
John Wick: Chapter 4
Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
The Marvels
Transformers: Rise of the Beasts
Comedy movie of the year
80 for Brady
Anyone but You
Are You There God? It’s Me, Margaret.
Asteroid City
Barbie (WINNER)
Cocaine Bear
No Hard Feelings
Wonka
Drama movie of the year
Creed III
Five Nights at Freddy’s
Killers of the Flower Moon
Leave the World Behind
M3GAN
Oppenheimer (WINNER)
Scream VI
The Color Purple
Male movie star of the year
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer
Chris Pratt, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Keanu Reeves, John Wick: Chapter 4
Leonardo DiCaprio, Killers of the Flower Moon
Michael B. Jordan, Creed III
Ryan Gosling, Barbie (WINNER)
Timothée Chalamet, Wonka
Tom Cruise, Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
Female movie star of the year
Florence Pugh, Oppenheimer
Halle Bailey, The Little Mermaid
Jenna Ortega, Scream VI
Jennifer Lawrence, No Hard Feelings
Julia Roberts, Leave the World Behind
Margot Robbie, Barbie (WINNER)
Rachel Zegler, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes
Viola Davis, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes
Margot Robbie is a leading contender for female movie star of the year for Barbie
Action movie star of the year
Brie Larson, The Marvels
Chris Pratt, Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3
Gal Gadot, Heart of Stone
Jason Momoa, Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom
Keanu Reeves, John Wick: Chapter 4
Rachel Zegler, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes (WINNER)
Tom Cruise, Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One
Viola Davis, The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes
Comedy movie star of the year
Adam Sandler, You Are So Not Invited to My Bat Mitzvah
Glen Powell, Anyone but You
Jennifer Lawrence, No Hard Feelings (WINNER)
Margot Robbie, Barbie
Ryan Gosling, Barbie
Scarlett Johansson, Asteroid City
Sydney Sweeney, Anyone but You
Timothée Chalamet, Wonka
Drama movie star of the year
Cillian Murphy, Oppenheimer
Julia Roberts, Leave the World Behind
Fantasia Barrino, The Color Purple
Florence Pugh, Oppenheimer
Jacob Elordi, Priscilla
Jenna Ortega, Scream VI (WINNER)
Leonardo DiCaprio, Killers of the Flower Moon
Michael B. Jordan, Creed III
Movie performance of the year
America Ferrera, Barbie (WINNER)
Charles Melton, May December
Danielle Brooks, The Color Purple
Jacob Elordi, Saltburn
Melissa McCarthy, The Little Mermaid
Natalie Portman, May December
Simu Liu, Barbie
Viola Davis, Air
Barbie's America Ferrera is a contender for movie performance of the year 
TV
Show of the year
Grey’s Anatomy (WINNER)
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Only Murders in the Building
Saturday Night Live
Ted Lasso
The Bear
The Last of Us
Vanderpump Rules
Comedy show of the year
Abbott Elementary
And Just Like That…
Never Have I Ever
Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Saturday Night Live
Ted Lasso
The Bear
Young Sheldon
Drama show of the year
Chicago Fire
Ginny & Georgia
Grey’s Anatomy
Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Outer Banks
Succession
The Last of Us (WINNER)
The Morning Show
Sci-fi/fantasy show of the year
Ahsoka
American Horror Story: Delicate
Black Mirror
Ghosts
Loki (WINNER)
Secret Invasion
The Mandalorian
The Witcher
Reality show of the year
90 Day Fiancé: Happily Ever After?
Below Deck
Jersey Shore Family Vacation
Selling Sunset
The Kardashians (WINNER)
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
The Real Housewives of New Jersey
Vanderpump Rules
Vanderpump Rules is up for reality show of the year coming off the Scandoval scandal
Competition show of the year
America’s Got Talent
American Idol
Big Brother
Dancing with the Stars
RuPaul’s Drag Race
Survivor
Squid Game: The Challenge
The Voice (WINNER)
Bingeworthy show of the year
Beef
Citadel
Jury Duty
Love Is Blind
Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story
The Crown
The Night Agent
The Summer I Turned Pretty (WINNER)
Male TV star of the year
Chase Stokes, Outer Banks
Jason Sudeikis, Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White, The Bear
Kieran Culkin, Succession
Pedro Pascal, The Last of Us (WINNER)
Samuel L. Jackson, Secret Invasion
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Tom Hiddleston, Loki
Female TV star of the year
Ali Wong, Beef
Hannah Waddingham, Ted Lasso
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show
Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
Rosario Dawson, Ahsoka
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building (WINNER)
Selena Gomez is  a contender in the female TV star of the year category for Only Murders in the Building
Comedy TV star of the year
Ali Wong, Beef
Bowen Yang, Saturday Night Live
Hannah Waddingham, Ted Lasso
Jason Sudeikis, Ted Lasso
Jeremy Allen White, The Bear (WINNER)
Quinta Brunson, Abbott Elementary
Selena Gomez, Only Murders in the Building
Steve Martin, Only Murders in the Building
Drama TV star of the year
Bella Ramsey, The Last of Us
Chase Stokes, Outer Banks
Ice-T, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Jennifer Aniston, The Morning Show (WINNER)
Kieran Culkin, Succession
Mariska Hargitay, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
Pedro Pascal, The Last of Us
Reese Witherspoon, The Morning Show
TV performance of the year
Adjoa Andoh, Queen Charlotte: A Bridgerton Story
Ayo Edebiri, The Bear
Billie Eilish, Swarm (WINNER)
Jon Hamm, The Morning Show
Matt Bomer, Fellow Travelers
Meryl Streep, Only Murders in the Building
Steven Yeun, Beef
Storm Reid, The Last of Us
Reality TV star of the year
Ariana Madix, Vanderpump Rules 
Chrishell Stause, Selling Sunset
Garcelle Beauvais, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
Kandi Burruss, The Real Housewives of Atlanta
Khloé Kardashian, The Kardashians (WINNER)
Kim Kardashian, The Kardashians
Kyle Richards, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino, Jersey Shore Family Vacation
Competition contestant of the year
Anetra, RuPaul’s Drag Race
Ariana Madix, Dancing with the Stars (WINNER)
Charity Lawson, The Bachelorette
Iam Tongi, American Idol
Keke Palmer, That’s My Jam
Sasha Colby, RuPaul’s Drag Race
Theresa Nist, The Golden Bachelor
Xochitl Gomez, Dancing with the Stars
Daytime talk show of the year
Good Morning America
LIVE with Kelly and Mark
Sherri
The Drew Barrymore Show
The Jennifer Hudson Show
The Kelly Clarkson Show (WINNER)
The View
Today
Nighttime talk show of the year
Hart to Heart
Jimmy Kimmel Live!
Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
Late Night with Seth Meyers
The Daily Show
The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon (WINNER)
Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen
Host of the year
Gordon Ramsay, Hell’s Kitchen
Jimmy Fallon, That’s My Jam (WINNER)
Nick Cannon, The Masked Singer
Padma Lakshmi, Top Chef
RuPaul, RuPaul’s Drag
Ryan Seacrest, American Idol
Steve Harvey, Celebrity Family Feud
Terry Crews, America’s Got Talent
Pop Culture
Social celebrity of the year
Britney Spears
Dwayne Johnson
Kim Kardashian
Kylie Jenner
Megan Thee Stallion
Nicki Minaj
Selena Gomez
Taylor Swift (WINNER)
Britney Spears is up for social celebrity of the year
Comedy act of the year
John Mulaney, Baby J
Amy Schumer, Emergency Contact
Marlon Wayans, God Loves Me
Wanda Sykes, I’m an Entertainer
Trevor Noah, Off the Record
Kevin Hart, Reality Check
Chris Rock, Selective Outrage (WINNER)
Sarah Silverman, Someone You Love
Athlete of the year
Coco Gauff
Giannis Antetokounmpo
LeBron James
Lionel Messi
Sabrina Ionescu
Simone Biles
Stephen Curry
Travis Kelce (WINNER)
Taylor Swift's boyfriend Travis Kelce is up for athlete of the year days after his Super Bowl win

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group