Kid Cudi has appeared to respond to Kanye West's comments about influencing the sound of hip-hop music for the last 20 years during his recent interview with Big Boy.
On Friday, the Moon Man hopped on Twitter with a post that could be a reference to Kanye stating his 2008 album 808's & Heartbreaks inspired the sound of some of the biggest names in music today, including The Weeknd, Drake, Travis Scott, Future and Young Thug.
In his tweet, Kid Cudi shared the hand-over-mouth emoji and a screenshot of a paragraph from his own Wikipedia page that stated his sound was a catalyst for Kanye making 808s & Heartbreak. The excerpt also featured a quote from Kanye from Complex's 2009 Kid Cudi cover story acknowledging their joint role as pioneers of a new musical style.
Ye became a fan of Cudi after hearing his debut mixtape, A Kid Named Cudi, and invited him to Hawaii to work on 808s & Heartbreak. Cudi co-wrote four songs on the album and was featured on "Welcome to Heartbreak." Their relationship would have its sour moments over the years, but they recently reunited at a Vultures listening party.
In his interview with Big Boy, Ye took responsibility for influencing the sound of music for the last 20 years. According to Ye, he "created the genre" where rappers can be more emotional and express themselves through their music.
"I invented every style of music of the past 20 years. I created the genre," said Ye. "I created Weeknd's genre. Trav, Drake, everybody. I'mma go ahead and say with all love, Future and Thug also because the auto-tune album, 808s. Everybody thinks about Trav, Weeknd, and Drake but no one thinks about Future and Thug also. The auto-tune album. Now everyone, they added whatever it was to it. But here's a new genre. It's called making your own money genre. This music is called, like, take that middle man out."
pop-culture | BY Trace William Cowen
Kid Cudi Gives Update on 2 Forthcoming Films, Including Directorial Debut: 'I Got the Music Outta Me'
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Kid Cudi Shares 2026 Release Date for Tenth Album: 'We're Takin It Someplace New'
music | BY Joe Price
Kid Cudi Says He's Not Interested in Collaborating With Childish Gambino: 'I'm Cool'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.