By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:46, 4 January 2024   |  Updated:  14:16, 4 January 2024   
 140
View  comments
Selena Gomez and her boyfriend Benny Blanco put on a loved-up display at the Lakers vs Heat game in Los Angeles on Wednesday.
The 31-year-old multihyphenate attended the sporting event at Crypto.com Arena alongside her beau, who planted a kiss on her hand during one moment.
The duo, who began dating last year, showed off their respective sense of fashion in stylish outerwear.
Selena modeled a color blocked black and white trench coat while her boyfriend donned a white jacket with a pink and orange floral print.
The Texas native added black cargo pants and a pair of pointy-toe metallic silver stiletto boots. 
Selena Gomez and her boyfriend Benny Blanco put on a loved-up display at the Lakers vs Heat game in Los Angeles on Wednesday
The 31-year-old multihyphenate attended the sporting event at Crypto.com Arena alongside her beau, who planted a kiss on her hand during one moment
The duo, who began dating last year, showed off their respective sense of fashion in stylish coats
Selena modeled a color blocked black and white trench coat while her boyfriend donned a white jacket with a pink and orange floral print
Gomez looked bubbly throughout the game as she held hands with Benny and kept a smile on her face.
Her long, blonde-highlighted dark locks were arranged in a side part and loose waves that flowed down her back and over her chest.
She accessorized with big hoop earrings and flaunted a glossy red manicure. 
The former child actress looked typically pretty in a full face of makeup that included heavy eyeliner and matte lipstick.
For his part, the music producer layered his jacket over a beige-toned outfit that included a crew neck shirt and matching trousers.
He piled on gold necklaces in varying lengths and added coordinating bracelets.
The ensemble was rounded out with a pair of cream-colored Birkenstock slides.
And the 35-year-old Virginia-bred musician looked handsome with his dark beard trimmed low.
Blanco appeared smitten with Selena as he planted another smooch on her hand
The pop star leisurely glanced at her phone while wrapping an arm around her boyfriend's
Gomez leaned in to hear her new beau chat into her ear
The Texas native added black cargo pants and a pair of pointy-toe metallic silver stiletto boots
Gomez looked bubbly throughout the game as she held hands with Benny and kept a smile on her face
Her long, blonde-highlighted dark locks were arranged in a side part and loose waves that flowed down her back and over her chest
Blanco affectionately kept a hand on Selena's thigh throughout the date
For his part, the music producer layered his jacket over a beige-toned outfit that included a crew neck shirt and matching trousers
Selena seemed tickled by Benny as he kept her smiling
The two unabashedly canoodled in their courtside seats 
The hitmaker wrapped a protective arm around Selena
Blanco, born Benjamin Joseph Levin, rocked his signature curly afro while sitting courtside with his love
Blanco, born Benjamin Joseph Levin, rocked his signature curly afro while sitting courtside with his love.
It comes after one day earlier, he took to Instagram to share two photos of Gomez.
The Rare Beauty founder looked adorable as she smiled in two close-up snaps in which her locks surrounded her face.
Levin used the photo-sharing app's Stories feature to proudly post the portraits.
The images were taken outdoors and the entertainer wore a black wool coat as she posed with her red manicured hands near her visage.
Selena confirmed her romance with Blanco early last month, revealing they had been quietly dating for six months.
The couple seemed perfectly in tune with one another throughout the night
Blanco piled on gold necklaces in varying lengths and added coordinating bracelets
Blanco, born Benjamin Joseph Levin, rocked his signature curly afro while sitting courtside with his love
Selena confirmed her romance with Blanco early last month, revealing they had been quietly dating for six months
Her relationship with Benny is Selena's first confirmed romance since she briefly dated The Weeknd
The pair seemed in love as they kept their eyes on each other throughout the game
The two didn't leave each other's side throughout the outing
The couple appeared to be inseparable as they kept close outside the arena
Selena posed with a fan who sported purple and yellow Lakers paraphernalia 
Benny's post came just days after the Same Old Love hitmaker shared snaps with him during a recent date night. The Only Murders in the Building actress took to her Instagram Story to post several photos of herself and the musician at an exhibit with kaleidoscope mirrors.
Recently, she has been showing off a diamond-encrusted 'B' initial on her finger, in tribute to her new man.
Selena was previously linked to Zayn Malik and Andrew Taggart from The Chainsmokers and famously dated Justin Bieber on and off from 2009 until early 2018, and The Weeknd in 2017.
Since going public with their romance, she and Benny have made a habit of sharing loved-up pictures on social media.
Also in attendance at Wednesday night's star-studded basketball was NBA icon Dwyane Wade
Wade posed with entrepreneur Corey Gamble and injured Laker D'Angelo Russell
Gamble sat next to Wade, who flaunted a red and black manicure with his all black outfit
Sports agent Rich Paul shared a moment with Dwyane on the court
Also in attendance at Wednesday night's star-studded basketball were sports agent Rich Paul, NBA icon Dwyane Wade, entrepreneur Corey Gamble, and Laker D'Angelo Russell.
Wade, 41, wore an all black outfit to the event, which consisted of a leather bomber jacket and a beanie hat.
He looked effortlessly cool as he wore dark sunglasses indoors and flaunted a red and black manicure.
Paul, who is often seen at games with longtime girlfriend Adele, wore gray cargo trousers and a blue jacket.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group