Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
It’s Father’s Day and what better time for OK! to celebrate the doting daughters that are the apple of their A-list daddies' eyes. From Prince William to football royalty David Beckham, these celebrity dads are their little girls’ worlds…
 Proud dad Prince William is a doting father to Prince George, Princess Charlotte and Prince Louis. While he candidly admitted that being a dad to his three children is “hard” at times, the 41 year old the Prince of Wales revealed that the thought of not being there for his children upsets him.
 The King is ever proud of his family as you could see at this year’s Trooping the Colour, as he gave daughter Charlotte a warm embrace.
 During a Q&A, the Prince also gave a special nod to his daughter Charlotte when a fan asked if “unicorns were real”? And in his response, the father of the 9 year old gave followers a glimpse into his life as a dad. He chuckled when reading the question before responding: “Well, I think if you talked to my daughter she’d say they were real.” 
 You can be sure to see the devoted dad either styling Charlotte’s hair (ponytails are a nightmare for the Prince!), bonding with son Louis over sports, or preventing George from being ‘lunatic’.
 Being a father of 4 can’t be easy for former football icon David Beckham, but he does it so effortlessly. Over the years, David has proved he's ever much the doting father who holds a close relationship with his four children, Brooklyn, Romeo, Cruz and Harper, whom he shares with his wife Victoria.
He may be a great dad but he too has had that "embarrassing dad" moment when he took daughter Harper to watch The Weeknd perform. The former England international and his daughter were very excited as they watched the musician perform on stage - but Harper couldn't help but be entertained by her dad's singing skills.
 Bad singing aside, Harper and David frequently take trips together, including an adorable trip holding hands in Venice, or enjoying brunch in France. Daddy goals! 
 Fatherhood is in his blood as Tommy is the brother of Tyson Fury who has 7 children with Wife Paris. While Tommy hasn’t got a brood as large just yet, the boxer shares one year old Bambi with fiance Molly-Mae Hague. 
 The pair, who met on Love Island back in 2019, became parents for the first time last year when they welcomed baby Bambi into the world and recently celebrated their little one turning one with an “emotional” first birthday party. 
 As he officially received a girl dad makeover recently, Molly often shows the inseparable bond Tommy and Bambi have, In one black and white photo, Tommy was pictured holding baby Bambi in his arms whilst the father-daughter duo played together in bed. "Back together," Molly-Mae captioned the photo. 
 Though work takes him away for weeks and sometimes months, Tommy always makes sure to dote on his baby girl whenever he gets the chance. As he was reunited with his daughter at home in Manchester, Tommy shared an adorable snap of 10 month old Bambi sitting on the floor dressed in her pyjamas and dressing gown and stuck out her tongue. Tommy captioned the photo: "Oh how I've missed that cheeky face." Cuties! 
 Dan may be a hunk on TV but the TOWIE lethario is ever the family man, as he shares two adorable queens, Ella, nine, and Mia, five, with BBC EastEnders ’ Jacqueline Jossa. 
 While he was once cruelly dad-shamed by fans after he didn't tell daughter Mia off after she slapped him across the face, Dan takes his role as a father very seriously and yes, that includes ice-cream dates with daughter Mia, cradling the daughters on family days out or cuddling up on holiday.
 And Best Dad award could well go to former reality star Dan, as he loves throwing memorable parties for his daughters - he threw his Ella a huge pink, gaming-themed birthday party last year that saw the 9 year old's creative dreams come true. Dad of the year!