Listen to the article:
Ty French has music playing in his headphones whenever he can. For the sophomore studying emergency management and homeland security, it's a comfort thing. During long and tough days, he finds solace in artists like Pink Floyd, Creedence Clearwater Revival and Led Zeppelin.
If it wasn't clear, French's love for music came from his parents and their generation. He grew up engulfed in classic rock, listening to his home state of Virginia's WSLQ 99.1 radio station, which played the music of bands from the 80s and 90s. 
Even though French would argue that music before the 2000s is better, he still recognized the cultural influence of modern artists, in which he named The Weeknd, Lady Gaga and Bruno Mars. However, he did mention that a lot of modern artists draw inspiration from older artists. "[The Weeknd] takes a lot of … Michael Jackson's traits [from] back when he was in his prime, especially [in the] 80s," French said. Even Apple Music describes The Weeknd by saying, "His swaggering pop hooks, effortlessly low-key vocals, and game-changing songwriting nod to King of Pop Michael Jackson and cosmic superstar David Bowie."
For some Gen Zers, music before the turn of the century can be a murky fog of confusion and distaste. But for many, the music of the past is as much a part of their listening habits as modern music, if not more. 
In addition, what's considered popular is constantly redefined by each generation, giving each decade a distinct sound and genre that grasp music listeners for various reasons. 
Rock was one of, if not the most, popular genres in the 70s, 80s and into the 90s. The genre has more specific subgenres, such as Jim Croce’s folk rock of the 70s and the metal-tinged grunge of Soundgarden in the 90s. 
But, when 2000 dawned, so did a new era of music. Popular music was shortened to simply 'pop music,' and the onslaught of glittery 2000's pop dominated the market. Britney Spears' "Oops!… I Did It Again," released in 2000, is a prime example of the hits of the era. 
Then, 2010 came with less glitter and more diversity. Hits like Katy Perry's "Roar" in 2013 and Ed Sheeran's "Shape of You" in 2017 brought catchy refrains and karaoke-prone choruses into the mainstream. 
For Gen Z, the generation that began in 1997, music before the turn of the century really is 'old music.' However, music today would not be the same without the work of artists past. Music before 2000 laid the foundation for the work of the Y2K era and beyond. 
There are a few reasons for this. For one, sampling has become more prominent. According to an article by Ego Expo, an Australian platform that celebrates street culture, sampling in recorded music started in the 80s as hip-hop broke into the music scene. As it grew in popularity, it also grew in controversy, resulting in a "sample clearance system, in which producers must seek permission from the copyright holder and pay a fee to use a sample." With the system came clearer rules on if and when an artist could sample, making the sampling world more accessible and easy to navigate. 
Other reasons came with the growth of technology. Access to music has grown along with the digital age, prompting inspiration to be drawn from different eras. Also, music creation tools have modernized, making borrowing and reworking more accessible. 
Nicholas Shea, a professor in Herberger's School of Music, Dance and Theatre, said the influence of electronic dance music, or EDM, is more powerful than the average music listener can imagine. According to Shea, the beat of a chorus is just as vital to its earworm quality as the actual words of the chorus. 
"I think the thing that has changed recently is that popular music has become more and more accessible in a variety of ways," Shea said. 
So, how exactly did music from the past shape the 2000s and music today? Laufey could not have been able to play the Hollywood Bowl without the work of jazz pioneer Ella Fitzgerald, and The Linda Lindas could not have rocked with Green Day on tour without Courtney Love breaking musical ground with her work in Hole. 
The Beatles brought their pop-rock sound across the pond to millions of Baby boomer fans, who then passed tattered and well-loved vinyl records on to their Gen X children. Gen X parents heard similar uniqueness in Led Zeppelin and passed that on to Gen Z kids. Younger individuals might find Greta Van Fleet to be a touchstone of reference for their parent's Zeppelin tendencies. 
'Dad rock' originated from what it sounds like — dads everywhere subjecting their children to the likes of Steve Miller Band or Guns 'N Roses. Whether your mom was into Wham!, or you found your dad rocking out to AC/DC, you’ve probably heard some of the music your parents loved in their youth. But on a deeper level, why do some of us connect with the music of other generations more than the music made by our own? 
Many traits are shaped by parental figures, taste in music included. The familiarity of such tunes can create an affinity for older music. Madison Willacey, a senior studying music therapy, believes her parents and her upbringing were fundamental influences on her music choices. 
Raised by a Jamaican-Belizean father and a Honduran-Italian mother, Willacey's music preferences include everything from Tyler, the Creator to Erykah Badu. 
"A lot of soul music and gospel was heard in the house, especially on Sundays when [we were] cleaning," Willacey said. 
Her mother's love of 80s music also shaped her taste. A love for artists like the Gipsy Kings keeps bringing her listening habits back to those sounds and that era. 
For Olivia Zeitlin, a senior studying German and communication, older music is what she listened to the most throughout her childhood. As a kid, her parents took her to many live music events, from large festivals to intimate concerts. 
Hair bands of the 80s such as A Flock of Seagulls and Whitesnake were Zeitlin family classics, shaping her musical preferences and prompting her to further explore the music of the past. On this journey, she found grunge groups such as Hole and Veruca Salt and ran with the genre from there. 
The geographical soundscape of one's upbringing often shapes one’s taste in music into adulthood. The dreamy sounds of Laurel Canyon passed down from mothers and grandmothers might be fundamental for someone from Southern California, whereas a native Texan might find themself relating more to classic country tunes. 
Zeitlin's upbringing in Atlanta, Georgia, led her down the path of indie music. But despite her best efforts, country music seeped into her taste. She named Kacey Musgraves and Faye Webster as artists with country and soul influences that she enjoys, respectively. 
French, whose father is from Tennessee and a fraternity brother of country artist Kenny Chesney, said Southern rock and country music were large parts of his musical upbringing. Though French grew up in Virginia, his father introduced him to that music from a young age through live music. 
As for Willacey, who grew up in Las Vegas, Elvis Presley shaped the sounds of many local sporting events throughout her childhood. Presley's 1964 hit "Viva Las Vegas" was a big part of her childhood. 
The resurgence of classic rock in mainstream media can be found in Taylor Jenkins Reid’s 2019 cult-classic novel, "Daisy Jones & The Six," which was adapted into a limited Amazon Prime Video series in 2023. The novel and miniseries are loosely based on the rifts in Fleetwood Mac during the recording of the 1977 classic album "Rumors."
The miniseries is crucial to our modern understanding of classic rock because it spurned a resurgence of appreciation for the past on social media, primarily TikTok. Consumers found themselves donning bell bottoms and flowy sleeves in the style of the titular character, Daisy Jones. 
Along with a digital release of the show's soundtrack, vinyls were also pressed for the album, reflecting a current resurgence of physical media. 
Many proponents of older music claim that songs of the past sound better played on their original form of delivery: the vinyl record. 
"It’s an expensive hobby," French said. 
He wants to collect records one day, but like many college students, he said it's not in the budget. Vinyl records can run anywhere from $30 for a new pressing to hundreds for a mint-condition oldie. French’s first choice for physical music would be Pink Floyd’s seminal classic rock opera, "The Wall."
Household members can also be barriers to accessing one’s music collection. 
"I have a small record collection," said Willacey. "I also have a cat, so my records are almost never on my record player because then my cat would be on top of the record on my record player."
Even though older music defenders are staunch in their tastes, there’s always going to be those artists or that genre that sneak up on them — on all of us. 
"I'm a sucker for 2010s white girl pop," French said. "Teenage Dream" and "Last Friday Night" by Katy Perry are some of his favorite guilty pleasure songs. 
As for a more literal interpretation, Willacey said listening to Kanye West makes her feel guilty, as the rapper has been criticized in the mainstream media for his outspoken antisemitism and hateful statements in general. 
"I really shouldn’t be supporting, but I still really like their music, so I listen to it," Willacey said. 
Guilty pleasure music is also relative to the level of comfortability with expressing an interest in unique artists. Zeitlin initially listed Kim Petras as one of her favorite post-2000 acts, but then said that she would likely not voluntarily disclose this to anyone. Older rap music from her parents’ days in Atlanta and bands like Panic! at the Disco are also a point of shame. 
As a member of the Album Listening Club at ASU, Zeitlin is exposed weekly to new and diverse music. She said that her time in the club has allowed her to increase her knowledge of the collective musical zeitgeist of our society, citing artists from Laufey to Don Toliver as artists she finds unique in the modern sound landscape. 
A post shared by Album Listening Club at ASU (@albumasu)
Despite Kanye West and Panic! at the Disco's guilty pleasure status, they're still popular artists who are beloved by many fans. Music is for anyone and everyone, but the beauty of it is how artists, genres and sounds are spread and passed down through generations. Older music can evoke elements of nostalgia and strengthen familial bonds. It shapes what modern music listeners find themselves engrossed in. 
Edited by Savannah Dagupion, Leah Mesquita and Audrey Eagerton. 
This story is part of The Generation Issue, which was released on December 4, 2024. See the entire publication here.
Reach the reporter at amazzill@asu.edu and follow @BellaMazzilli on X.
Like State Press Magazine on Facebook, follow @statepressmag on X and Instagram and read our releases on Issuu.
This website uses cookies to make your experience better and easier. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.