The fourth annual celebration will take place in Los Angeles on Sept. 19.

													By
												

	Gail Mitchell


LL COOL J and Usher are among the slate of honorees who will be feted at the Black Music Action Coalition (BMAC) Gala. The fourth annual celebration will take place at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles on Sept. 19.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					LL Cool J		
					






















	
		
					Usher		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Clarence Avant Trailblazer Award will be presented to LL COOL J, while Usher will receive the Quincy Jones Humanitarian Award. In addition, the BMAC Social Impact Award will be given to the BET Media Group: president/CEO Scott Mills, president/media sales Louis Carr, exec. vp of specials, music programming & music strategy Constance Orlando and exec. vp/chief marketing officer Kimberly Paige. BeyGOOD exec. director Ivy McGregor will accept the BMAC Change Agent Award, while Live Nation will receive the BMAC 365 Award. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“We’re thrilled to celebrate this year’s honorees who have utilized their talents, platforms and resources to create a positive and meaningful impact in social and racial justice globally,” said BMAC co-founder and president/CEO Willie “Prophet” Stiggers in a press statement. “This year’s gala comes at a pivotal time for our industry and country. It is more important than ever to recognize these incredible accomplishments and unite the entertainment industry to use our collective voice in inspiring imperative change.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	LL COOL J added, “To be receiving this award from an organization that is making such big moves for racial equity and justice within the music industry is an honor. Clarence Avant was a true legend. He and I were both inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame the same year [2021] and he was a father figure to me. So it’s a full circle moment and feels truly special.”

	Presented by Live Nation, the BMAC Gala will be hosted by entertainment and lifestyle specialist Kenny Burns. This year’s celebration will also feature BMAC’s inaugural auction in partnership with Julien’s Auctions. Also set for September: the release of the organization’s third edition of its Music Industry Action Report Card.

	Previous BMAC Gala honorees include H.E.R., Lil Baby, Lizzo, The Weeknd, Sony Music Publishing chairman/CEO Jon Platt, U.S. Representative (D-CA) Maxine Waters, Keke Palmer, Jermaine Dupri and The Recording Academy. For more information about BMAC and the BMAC Gala, visit bmacoalition.org.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.