As it receives a 20th anniversary reissue, Zachary Lipez re-examines TV On The Radio's formative debut as the shape of indie yet to come
If there’s a band that makes me regret the ruination of the good and noble word “hipster,” it’s TV On The Radio. The term used to have a charm and utility. In Nile Rodgers’ autobiography, Le Freak, the author describes both his mother and father as hipsters. He does so without a hint of rancour or parental-effacement, just using the correct term for a pair of bohemians who may have thrown parties where a young Nile would dodge the falling ash from cigarettes hanging from the lips of their friends on the nod, but who also instilled in the future Chic mastermind the importance of looking good, feeling good, and having impeccable taste. 
The term “hipster” was vilified by anti-communists, then diluted and gentrified by the kind of systemic cultural racism that came up with “blipster” (the most insane term ever dreamt up by the forces of ahistory and anti-intellectualism), and finally denied by self-hating transplants. I won’t be calling TVOTR “hipsters.” The term is now so irrevocably associated with vacuousness that it’s not a battle I need to fight, especially when TV On The Radio probably wouldn’t appreciate the designation anyway. But there’s only so many ways to say “sophisticated,” “visionary,” and “didn’t look super dumb while smoking,” and it would have saved me some trips to the thesaurus. Because TVOTR had good taste so forceful that it was self-reifying and outwardly validating to whatever the band deigned cool (anybody who tries to tell you that either Pixies or doo-wop were en vogue in 2003 is a liar), and TVOTR had multiple members who looked bananas good in thick glasses, and because TV On The Radio achieved the hep cat platonic ideal of doing VU numbers (in terms of record sales) before eventually changing the world. Well, maybe not the world. But – within that larger, irrevocably spinning thing – they definitely rocked worlds, plural. 
‘The Wrong Way’ the first track on Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes, opens with Antibalas’ Martin Perna playing a truncated blurt of saxophone, as if to announce that New York is indeed alright, followed by a quiet click from not-yet-official TVOTR drummer Jaleel Bunton, before the purr of repetition which TVOTR practically patented kicks in. Then the sax returns, this time as if in an orchestra tuning up before the show begins. Bunton begins the count-off with a patient sweep, sweep, sweep of a hi-hat held in tension just so. Then Kyp Malone starts singing. In his liltingly strange falsetto – angelic, with a touch of Martin the Martian – TV On The Radio’s co-frontman sings “Woke up in a magic n***a movie / With the bright lights pointed at me / As a metaphor / Teachin’ folks the score.” The phrasing serves to underscore the ambivalence Malone expresses a few lines later – now in conjunction with Tunde Adebimpe’s alto tenor and the drums pounding along like a looping coal engine – when the singers, one taking the high road and the other the low, belt out “Did I stand up and testify […] Or did I show off my soft shoe / Maybe teach ’em a boogaloo?”
Whether the ambivalence was exclusively about being expected to teach Pavement fans how to dance within the alt-o-sphere, or whether it was a more general interrogation of doing the soft shoe while the Earth burns, is not my place to say, but the writer Martin Douglas has called ‘The Wrong Way’ “the best song ever written about the complexities of being Black in America surrounding the dawn of the 21st Century.” 
In all this, Malone’s phrasing ambiguates as much as it defines. The singer – who I first met at an afterhours party (thrown by one of the neo-mod bands that time has forgotten) that consisted of about seven dudes, with haircuts ranging from Monkee to rooster, sitting on a couch, passing a single $20 bag of cocaine around while a VHS copy of Pink Floyd Live At Pompeii played in the background – knows his way around bohemia and the world both, and sings as though he might have something to prove, but only to himself. If the listener wants to take all this all as mere entertainment, that’s their problem.
As a band of film aficionados, with a coolly romantic/revolutionary worldview (half French New Wave, half The Battle Of Algiers) to prove it, TV On The Radio excelled at couching both their expressions of heartache and global apocalyptics in lowkey drama. On the reissue of Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes, the track order is returned to the original vinyl sequencing, so that the opening one-two punch of ‘The Wrong Way’ and ‘Staring At The Sun’ is broken up. The latter is moved to second-to-last of the album proper (before the bonus tracks), so the second track on the album becomes ‘Dreams’. That song features guest vocals from Katrina Ford (of Jaks, Love Live, and Celebration) and Yeah Yeah Yeahs’ Nick Zinner repeating the first note of ‘Maps’ as a sustained siren riff. With Adebimpe taking the reins on lead vocals, the song also begins the chunk of the album where his and Sitek’s affection for cinematic bric-à-brac take a more central position. The TVOTR purr-wave becomes less propulsive, becoming something closer to a white noise string section; creeping to and fro as either a warning for an impending jump scare or a rising action signifier that someone significant is getting their ass dumped. 
During the era that TV On The Radio was first regularly operating, the band had little competition. This could be down either to the fact that they made a sound so difficult to replicate that few at the time tried, or it could mean that they made a sound that was never, strictly speaking, in fashion. Both could be true and they both end up at the same place. It’s no disrespect to anyone to say that, in the 2000s, one could do quite well being a shitty Interpol. And you could potentially never have to work again (or at least not until, roughly, 2013) if you were the next shitty Strokes to win the landfill indie lottery. But, like the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and their strange popifying of no wave and Birthday Party blooze-wave, Adebimpe and Co. drew from a span of influence (whether it be film soundtracks, Lungfish, The Flamingos, or deep cut new age) too chaotic to be copped just by watching 24 Hour Party People and flipping through a copy of Please Kill Me. On the other side, the onset AM radio-ification of indie didn’t put TVOTR out of business (the band was plenty accessible) but, while that accessibility prohibited cult status, they were also never vague enough to surpass Animal Collective, dramatic enough to beat out Arcade Fire, or enough like Mike & The Mechanics to get that sweet, sweet Bon Iver dough. 
Because, here’s the thing; I know I said I’d avoid the term, and I will, but it’s vital to point out some true facts. By the mid-2000s, the term “hipster” was applied to those aforementioned bands and their fans. But in the same breath, it was applied to wildly popular HBO shows. It was applied to Young Urban Professionals, with the determination made by their buying habits rather than any even claimed association with the actual boho or actual alt. Conversely, despite their accessibility fooling some into misremembering them as being readymade vibes, built for iPod commercials, TV On The Radio were always an animal on the cusp. Like The Walkmen, they had no time for the retro or the go-go . Unlike The Walkmen, Tunde Adebimpe and Dave Sitek never had to announce that nostalgia didn’t hold much interest. They let the layers of looping Yamaha synth lines, funkified Big Black bass, and post-krautrock drum breaks do the talking.
None of this was, if it matters, necessarily capital “R” radical, whatever that might mean. Like I said, TVOTR was never what you could call a tough listen. While a track like ‘Don’t Love You’ might be novel in the way it combines strident kiss-off with an abridged world history of church keyboard music, it still goes down as easy as ‘Good Times Bad Times’. And though the band’s anti-Zionism wasn’t exactly typical of interviews you’d read in Pitchfork or Vice at the time , on record TVOTR’s politics were usually conveyed via either those wily metaphors which Kyp Malone was so distrustful of, or through the classically rebel rocker use of an indeterminate “you” – which could be aimed at the military industrial complex, or just as easily be read as being directed at such beneficiaries of empire’s spoils as the listener, or even the singer of the song. After all, as is the case now, in the aughts, America’s #1 domestic product was complicity.
So, if not radical, and not pandering-ly fashionable, what? The answer is “hip.” Just… hip, like Nile Rodgers, Nile Rodgers’ daddy, and Nile Rodgers’ realised dream of Chic being “the Black Roxy Music.” HIP, all caps and all italics, like bebop, Teenage Jesus And The Jerks, and foreign movies with either too much or not enough talking. Boho city shit, and unashamedly so; the kind that inevitably leads to gentrification, which sucks but, in the brief moment beforehand, is beautiful.
Unlike The Velvet Underground, “TV On The Radio were important goddamnit” is an ongoing project. It’s only in the last few years that the band’s influence has been acknowledged. The understanding that they loomed large for afro-punk came early but their role as the Sound Of Indie To Come has been a harder sell. The former might have something to do with the latter. TVOTR’s influence is often misapplied, with that misapplication all too often being based on factors other than a shared appreciation for the works of Brian Eno. Meaning: if you compare the first Young Fathers album to TVOTR, fine. But if you compare the last Young Fathers album – or, for that matter, any album by Algiers – to TVOTR… some self-interrogation might be in order. At the same time, a failure to hear the echo of TV On The Radio in all the synth emotionalism of contemporary indie, or pop acts like The Weeknd or Tame Impala, is equally egregious. 
Hell, I’d claim an influence on contemporary shoegaze if contemporary shoegaze was better.
Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes isn’t considered to be TVOTR’s best album, because it probably isn’t. That title canonically goes to either critical fave Return To Cookie Mountain or popular fave Dear Science. Made as the full band (with the late, great Gerard Smith) at the height of their inspiration, an argument could be made for either album (even if I’m partial to Seeds, the band’s 2014 LP which sounds like if the Four Tops made a new romantic album). But if Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes isn’t TVOTR’s masterpiece, that’s an indication of the qualities the band would go on to strengthen, not the album itself’s weakness. Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes is easily one of the best albums of 2004, and it’s one of the best of the 2000s barely breaking a sweat. Even as a formative work, with all the dub and gospel and post punk sinewing around a skeleton of analog synths, the alchemy for a free and future blues was glaring. With the exception of their other records (and the bar Jaleel Bunton’s brother Kereem opened in Bushwick) it might be one of the last times NYC was hip, in any way that might matter. 
The 20th Anniversary reissue of Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes is out now via Touch & Go Records
Ahead of the release of new album Cocoa Sugar, Derek Robertson meets the band at MENT Festival and finds their anger at social injustice and desire to provoke burning as bright as ever
The TV On The Radio singer and Anticon rapper tell Kiran Acharya about recording Nevermen, their project with Faith No More's Mike Patton, the role of the frontman and Boards Of Canada's love of stuffed animals
Seeds 
Dale Berning talks to the Malian musicians about the making of their latest album, Folila, and how each collaboration teaches them something new
After escaping an abusive relationship and earning a slew of high-profile supporters for her bare-all songwriting, Sharon Van Etten endured two years of homelessness while making her new album, Tramp. She speaks to Cian Traynor about toughening up and learning to camouflage heartache
Don't Let The Devil In: John Calvert takes a look at the work of TV On The Radio through the prism of a turbulent decade in American politics
Nine Types Of Light
Let's be honest, Dear Science wasn't all it was cracked up to be. But, asks Al Denney, is the reason because David Sitek isn't the producer that he's cracked up to be?
Jennifer Lucy Allan navigates a frustratingly patchy compilation that nevertheless is studded with some unusual gems
If there is one Gary Numan album left to be rediscovered and reassessed from his mid 80s through 90s doldrums, then it is the commercial but not creative misstep Berserker, says Jeremy Allen
Toby Manning tracks the glorious transit of Tangerine Dream across 1974, from the rural to the urban, from out of space then down to earth
Daniel Spicer gets to grips with a lavish six album set documenting the first two concerts Sun Ra played outside of North America
Travis Elborough hails what he considers one of the greatest lost albums of all time
Twenty "tips of the tongue" with the subtitle 'A Time​-​Travelling Evangelist​’​s Guide to Late 20th Century Underground Music' recall a time & place of passion, mailing lists and CD-rs, says Jeanette Leech
Genre purism be damned – there is no surer evidence of jazz’s immortality than the enduring influence of Expansions, Lonnie Liston Smith’s ecstatic, eclectic and resolutely non-denominational call to spiritual arms, argues Stevie Chick
Jeremy Allen celebrates a timely reissue of a stunning live album that challenges received wisdom about Nico in the 1980s
A new audiophile vinyl version of the controversial 1974 live set offers unprecedented clarity on an inspirational if oft-misunderstood moment, Angus Batey argues
Here's a playlist of everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
At the forefront of an underground British guitar scene that's thriving against all odds, Ex Agent have delivered an idiosyncratic, ever-shifting, and excellent new EP exclusively to tQ subscribers
In our latest antidote to the algorithm, Stephanie Phillips guides us through the South African girl groups who resisted apartheid oppression through the joy of their song
In this month's pod Luke Turner and John Doran celebrate two of the finest records of the c21st thus far
In April's essay, Jonn Elledge explains why everything you thought you knew about the popular self-sufficiency sitcom, first broadcast 50 years ago this week, is wrong.
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Serial collaborator and Propellor Orchestra leader Jack McNeill's long-awaited debut solo album is released today exclusively for tQ subscribers, a record that draws deep on his surroundings in Cumbria, but subverts our expectations of the clarinet as an instrument that hymns the pastoral
In this month's essay, Jeanette Leech seeks to reclaim the legacy of Elastica's vastly underrated second album from prurient mutterings about drug addiction and the collapse of Britpop, celebrating Mark E. Smith collaborations and the birth of M.I.A.
In this month’s antidote to the algorithm Puja Nandi celebrates five pioneering artists, from Asian Dub Foundation (pictured) to Osmani Soundz, who enriched the soundtrack of the pre-millennial UK by mixing drum & bass and electronica with the sounds of the Bengali diaspora
This month John and Luke head all the way back to 1904 to experience the thrills, chills and outright horrors of a modern compendium of ghoulish tales
Exploring the subtle microcosms in rock music then bending them to his will, Ryan Walker interviews Mike Vest about Brain Pills, his new band with Nick Raybould and Adam Stone whose debut EP is released exclusively to tQ subscribers today – a gathering of tales, tunes and feedback
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Start each weekend with our free email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
If you’ve read something you love on our site today, please consider becoming a tQ subscriber – our journalism is mostly funded this way. We’ve got some bonus perks waiting for you too.
Sign up for a weekly delve into the tQ archives.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Sign up for our free Friday email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.