By JESSICA TAYLOR FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:19, 18 July 2024   |  Updated:  07:43, 19 July 2024   
 38
View  comments
Maya Jama and Stormzy told fans they remain on great terms after announcing their split to the world on Wednesday this week after an on-off relationship - but despite still being pals, the Love Island host couldn't help but show her ex what he was missing as she stepped out in Ibiza this week.
Bristol-born Maya, 29, who is spending time in Spain while filming the ITV2 reality dating show, stepped out on a girls' night with pals in a show-stopping blue lace two-piece featuring a cropped bralet top paired with an asymmetric skirt.
The TV presenter glowed as she showed off her toned physique in the outfit and wore her brunette tresses cascading past her shoulders - and, in a move that showed she really is effortlessly chic, Maya accessorised with a pair of flip flops.
Maya's stunning appearance already has fans hailing her 'revenge dress' following the split from Stormzy - despite both parties insisting they parted ways amicably.
But the revenge dress is an age-old tradition from A-list women around the world who are getting ready to embark upon the next chapter of their lives after a relationship break-up - and send a strong message to their fans that the best is yet to come.
Maya Jama has been spotted out on the town in Ibiza with her girlfriends after announcing her split from Stormzy after an on-off relationship. The 29-year-old from Bristol has insisted she and her ex are on great terms and will remain friends, however she couldn't resist letting him know what he is missing as she stepped out in what fans are already saying is her 'revenge dress'
The trend can be traced back to Princess Diana, who famously donned a black Gucci mini dress to a fundraising event in June 1994 following her divorce from then-Prince Charles - and his subsequent admittance that he'd been unfaithful towards her.
Just as Charles took to the airwaves to issue a grovelling confession of his infidelity in having an affair with Queen Camilla, his ex-wife dominated the front pages and held the eyes of the nation as she arrived at the Serpentine Gallery in Kensington Gardens.
Since then, the revenge dress has become a rite of passage for scorned A-list women who are looking to make a statement to the world. Here, FEMAIL steps back in time to some of the outfits which left a trail of broken hearts in their wake... 
Perhaps the most notorious 'revenge dress' which first coined the term was Princess Diana's Gucci number which she wore to a Vanity Fair party at the Serpentine Gallery in Kensington in June 1994. The late Princess of Wales, who had recently divorced then-Prince Charles, stepped out in the mini dress just as her ex was taking to the airwaves where he admitted, in a grovelling interview, how he had been unfaithful to Diana during their marriage
Mariah Carey married Tommy Mottola, 71, when she was just 23-years-old and he was 20 years her senior. However, when the couple split in the late 1990s, Maria (who has since described the marriage as being a 'child bride') she left audiences stunned when she flaunted her legs and toned midriff in a sultry co-ord piece at the 1997 MTV Video Music Awards. While a the designer of the jaw-dropping ensemble isn't known, the iconic outfit's thigh slit and chic strappy crop top have been remembered to this day
Elizabeth Hurley has had her fair share of iconic dress moments - but her appearance at West Hollywood's Pacific Design Center in 2000 - months after her split from Hugh Grant, is a truly honourable mention in revenge dressing. The English actress, 57, had dated the Four Weddings and a Funeral star for 13 years and even though their break up was reported to be amicable, the gown did the job of showing him exactly what he'll be missing 
Britney Spears had her very own revenge dress moment when she arrived at the London premiere of her 2002 film, Crossroads. At the time, her solo appearance in itself turned heads among fans, who knew her to have been in a relationship with singer Justin Timberlake - but as she appeared on the red carpet in a shimmering mini-dress with a plunging neckline and matching glitzy accessories, it marked what would later become her revenge dress statement -as the pair had secretly split earlier in the month
Fans around the world were devastated when one of Hollywood's hottest power couples, Brat Pitt and Jennifer Aniston, split up as he got together with fellow actress Angelina Jolie. However, while fans were in mourning for the relationship, Jen took the high road and proved she wasn't going to be bogged down with heartbreak. She arrived at the 2005 New York premiere for her film Derailed in a bejewelled Chanel minidress and a gold clutch bag - and ensured all eyes were on her; rather than the new A-list couple
Jennifer Garner's solo appearance on the Oscars 2016 red carpet marked her first public appearance since her split with Ben Affleck was announced. The actress, who had previously been known to favour girl-next-door styles, turned heads in the sultry black, backless gown complete with smoky eyes as she prepared to potentially bump into her ex at the Dolby Theatre in LA 
Bella Hadid made a show-stopping appearance at the 2017 Met Gala in a glittering catsuit - and very little else. And the model likely had in her mind that her former boyfriend of two years, The Weeknd, would be attending the event with his then-new squeeze Selena Gomez. She left hardly anything to the imagination in the backless Alexander Wang number which perfectly showcased her long legs and flawless figure, completing the look with a pair of stilettos
It's not rare for the Kardashian-Jenner sisters to pose up a storm in Instagram photoshoots - but in 2022 Kylie sent social media into a frenzy when she posted sultry snaps in a faux-leather bodysuit. The photoshoot came following allegations that her partner Travis Scott - who the reality star shares two children with - cheated on her with a former girlfriend
In a scandal that rocked an entire reality TV universe, Vanderpump Rules's 'Scandoval', Ariana Madix had the last laugh when she arrived at the show's much anticipated season 10 reunion in a stunning scarlet cut-out dress as she faced her ex, Tom Sandoval, with whom she was in a relationship for nine years, and their co-star Raquel Leviss, with whom he had had an affair. Speaking about her revenge dress moment, Ariana has since said she planned several other outfits before settling on the scarlet gown but scrapped them all because she wanted to look 'incredible'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group