ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 26: Ariana Grande performs at the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards on ... More January 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. Ariana Grande's new single “The Boy Is Mine” reaches Billboard's Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart, bringing the singer back to the tally after years away. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
The promotion of Ariana Grande’s latest album Eternal Sunshine continues, as she recently chose a new single from the project. The singer selected “The Boy Is Mine,” which has been slowly working its way up the charts for several weeks now.
This time around, “The Boy Is Mine” hits a Billboard chart that Grande isn’t very familiar with. In fact, the single brings her back to the tally for the first time in half a decade.
“The Boy Is Mine” debuts on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart this week. The tune arrives at No. 38 on the 40-spot ranking of the most successful songs at radio stations that typically play more mainstream-oriented R&B and hip-hop music.
Grande has now scored just four hits on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay tally throughout her career. The last time she appeared on the list was back in 2019. That year, she joined 2 Chainz on “Rule the World,” which went on to become her biggest hit on this ranking.
“Rule the World” would spend 15 weeks on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart before falling away. It still ranks as her longest-running win, as well as her highest-rising. The tune soared to No. 12, nearly becoming her first top 10 on the tally.
Grande first hit the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay list a decade ago. In 2014, the Wicked star and Iggy Azalea pushed “Problem” to No. 36. Several years later, she and The Weeknd teamed up for “Die for You,” which was originally a solo cut, but became even bigger after she hopped on board a remix.
For weeks now, “The Boy Is Mine” has been rising on a number of Billboard’s radio charts. This frame, it lifts to a new peak on five of them, including the one it debuts on. Grande’s new single is soaring on the Pop Airplay, Adult Pop Airplay, Rhythmic Airplay, and even the all-genre Radio Songs tallies.