By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	It’s hard to imagine that anyone who clicked on this article isn’t familiar with “I Like the Way You Kiss Me,” the song by fast-rising 24-year-old British singer-songwriter-producer Artemas that has quickly become one of the biggest and most ubiquitous songs of 2024. The song’s pulsating beat and dark vibe, which contrasts with the happy-sounding chorus, is a perfect entrée for Artemas’ dark bedroom pop, which got its first extended airing on the “Pretty” mixtape, which was released in February. That vibe — a combination of his murmured, echo-drenched vocals, throbbing beats and bass, piercing guitar and lots of lo-fi effects and samples — continues with his new one, “Yustyna.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Microdrama Plot Twist: A Threat to the Apps’ Stratospheric U.S. Growth		
			














	
		
					Trump Says He's 'Honored' to Be Suing ‘60 Minutes' and CBS in Latest Truth Social Rant, Urges FCC to 'Impose Maximum Fines and Punishment'		
			








	Like its predecessor, this one — which kicks off with “I Like the Way You Kiss Me” — alternates between upbeat tracks and moody songs very reminiscent of the Weeknd’s 2011 debut mixtape, “House of Balloons,” with ultra-NSFW lyrics about Artemas’ sexual prowess and what he plans to do to and with his partner, and a similar air of menace (especially on “Baby Doll” and the title track). Other eye-grabbing song titles include include “Wet Dream,” “Ride Me Darling,” “Dirty Little Secret” and “Kiss My Middle Finger.”




			Popular on Variety		






	“It’s intentionally divisive,” Artemas says of those lyrics in the press notes accompanying the set. “You’ll either find it sexy or vulgar.”

	While there are several strong songs on the new mixtape, coming just five months after the 15 tracks of “Pretty,” they can begin to blend together. But fortunately, the later songs on the set find him branching out, like the slow grind of (fittingly enough) “Slow Dance” and the more developed songwriting on tracks like “I Always Knew You’d Be the Death of Me.” Hopefully that creative growth will continue on his next outing.
The Business of Entertainment