Former billionaire Kanye West’s upcoming “Vultures 2,” a followup to his collaborative album with Ty Dolla $ign, is finally set to drop May 3 after a series of delays—but it’s still unclear whether the increasingly controversial rapper will stick to that release date or if he’ll even release it on streaming services.
Kanye West says "Vultures 2" drops on May 3. (Photo by Edward Berthelot/Getty Images)
“Vultures 2” will release May 3, West said in an interview with Justin LaBoy’s “The Download” podcast, following a series of delays that kept the album from being released in March as originally planned.
The album will feature a posthumous verse from Takeoff, the rapper formerly a member of Migos who was shot and killed in 2022, on a track titled “Let Me Chill Out” also featuring Rich the Kid and NBA Youngboy, Rolling Stone reported.
West and Ty Dolla $ign have previewed some tracks on social media and through listening parties held around the world, and some rumored tracks on the album include “Promotion” featuring Future and “Field Trip,” thought to feature Lil Durk, Playboi Carti and Kodak Black.
Ty Dolla $ign said in an Instagram comment the album cover depicts him holding a picture of his brother, Jabreal “Big TC” Muhammad, who is serving a life sentence in prison for a murder he claims he did not commit.
“Vultures 2” will face chart competition from Dua Lipa’s upcoming “Radical Optimism,” also set to drop May 3, and possibly the lingering success of Taylor Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department,” a major seller even for Swift, whose albums typically reign atop the Billboard charts for weeks.
A third volume, “Vultures 3,” is planned for release, though it is unclear when—West originally said the third iteration would release on April 5.
Whether West will release “Vultures 2” on the planned date. The album was once slated to release on March 8, but West said the album would be postponed because “we in the lab.” Even though he had previously announced “Vultures 1” would release on Feb. 9 (after months of delays), it didn’t show up on streaming services until the following day. “Vultures 1” had been postponed from October 2023 several times until its February release.
Whether “Vultures 2” will be made available on streaming services. West has previously said he may just sell the album on his website, possibly for just a limited time before releasing on streaming at a later date. West faced issues with streamers for “Vultures 1”—the album was briefly removed from Apple Music because of a dispute with distribution company FUGA—which West later alleged was because the streamers wanted to “limit our first week numbers.”
West had been steeped in controversy long before the album’s release—he was widely criticized for antisemitic remarks that ultimately tanked his billionaire status in October 2022, making “Vultures 1” his first album since those controversies. He addressed the controversies on lead single “Vultures,” released in November, asking: “How I'm anti-Semitic?” before describing having sex with a Jewish woman. In February, West was threatened with legal action by Ozzy Osbourne and sued in Los Angeles federal court by the estate of Donna Summer for allegedly sampling their music without permission. Osbourne said West had sampled a 1983 live performance of “Iron Man” in his song “Carnival” after he had denied permission, calling West an antisemite. West’s song “Good (Don’t Die)” was pulled from Spotify after Summer’s estate accused him of sampling her 1977 track, “I Feel Love,” despite rejecting his request. Despite West’s controversies, the album and single “Carnival” topped the Billboard charts, marking West’s first No. 1 hit in over a decade.
West has repeatedly taken shots at Drake this week following his verse on the remix to Metro Boomin, Future and Kendrick Lamar’s chart-topper “Like That,” which was released on Sunday—marking his entry into the increasingly complex Drake-Lamar beef. In the rap, he took aim at Drake and J. Cole’s music and slammed his large deal with his label, Universal Music Group. After releasing his remix, West said on “The Download” podcast that he and his collaborators were “very, very excited about the elimination of Drake. Not excited. We was energized.” He clarified it isn’t just about Drake, stating he wants to “tear the head off whoever they got that they thought was in control.” He slammed Drake and UMG president Lucian Grainge, accusing them of working “together to fix the numbers,” referring to streaming and radio. West is the latest of an ever-growing list of artists to jump into the Drake-Lamar beef, including Rick Ross, The Weeknd and J. Cole.
Everyone Involved In The Drake And Kendrick Lamar Beef—As Kanye West Says He’s Energized For The ‘Elimination Of Drake’ (Forbes)
Takeoff to Be Posthumously Featured on Ye and Ty Dolla $ign’s ‘Vultures 2’ (Rolling Stone)
Kanye West Storms Billboard Charts With ‘Vultures 1’ Despite Controversial Rollout That Kept It Off Apple Music (Forbes)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.