We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
A title and plot tease have been unveiled.
Jenna Ortega's new movie has been given an exciting update, with a title and brief plot tease announced.
The Wednesday star was confirmed early last year to have signed on to the new project alongside Saltburn's Barry Keoghan and musician The Weeknd (real name Abel Tesfaye).
It has now been reported via Deadline that the film will be called Hurry Up Tomorrow, and is described as a psychological thriller.
Related: Best streaming services in 2024
The movie will be an extension of The Weeknd's upcoming album of the same name, with Trey Edward Shults previously confirmed to direct.
“Abel is a visionary whose art cannot be confined by any single medium,” said Lionsgate Motion Picture Group chair Adam Fogelson.
“With Hurry Up Tomorrow, in partnership with Trey, his musical universe expands onto the big screen with a psychological thriller that will usher in a new cinematic experience for fans. We are thrilled to be bringing it to audiences worldwide.”
In other news, Ortega recently lined up another movie role in The Gallerist, which is set to co-star Natalie Portman.
Related: The Sims 4 fans spot Wednesday reference in Life & Death expansion
The new film from Birds of Prey director Cathy Yan focuses on "a desperate gallerist who conspires to sell a dead guy at Art Basel Miami", and has been co-written by Yan and James Pedersen.
The actor is also set to return to Netflix hit Wednesday for its upcoming second season, which is currently filming.
The streamer confirmed that production had begun in September, with Ortega teasing in a behind-the-scenes first-look clip: "If we showed you any more, your eyes would bleed… and I’m not that generous."
Hurry Up Tomorrow is yet to confirm a release date. Wednesday streams on Netflix, with season 2 in production.
Read more Wednesday news on our dedicated homepage
Sam is a freelance reporter and sub-editor who has a particular interest in movies, TV and music. After completing a journalism Masters at City University, London, Sam joined Digital Spy as a reporter, and has also freelanced for publications such as NME and Screen International.  Sam, who also has a degree in Film, can wax lyrical about everything from Lord of the Rings to Love Is Blind, and is equally in his element crossing every 't' and dotting every 'i' as a sub-editor.
Wednesday series two confirms return date
Wednesday fans delighted by reunion in new movie
Yellowjackets star on how she dealt with paparazzi
Emma Myers lands next video game movie role
Jenna Ortega shares reason behind Scream 7 exit
Wednesday's Jenna Ortega praises "cool" Lady Gaga
Jenna Ortega reflects on her forgotten MCU role
Jenna Ortega on Wednesday s2 slasher episode 
Jenna Ortega's new movie called "riotously funny"
Jenna Ortega lands next movie role in '90s remake
Wednesday star gets role in new love triangle show
Wednesday star confirmed for new revenge thriller
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.