February 28, 2024
TELUS has announced a partnership with Vevo to become its direct ad sales representative, enabling Vevo to bring its music video content and enhanced advertising opportunities to the Canadian market.
Leveraging TELUS’ reach, this collaboration enables Vevo to offer advertisers a vast library of premium music video content on major Connected TV (CTV) platforms and streaming services, including YouTube, Apple TV, Samsung TV Plus, Vizio, Google TV and Roku.
“Our direct ad sales partnership with Vevo marks an exciting entry into Canada’s advertising space, with a focus on providing exceptional value for local brands and media agencies,” said Dwayne Benefield, Chief Product Officer at TELUS. “Leveraging this collaboration, advertisers can connect with viewers in a meaningful way through Vevo, and maximise the impact of their advertising strategies in the Canadian market.”
This partnership offers opportunities for advertisers to elevate their strategies and connect with their audiences through influential music videos on multiple platforms across CTV, mobile and desktop. Brands and agencies can reach their target audience more effectively by leveraging first-look opportunities, including premieres, programming sponsorships, and linear channel takeovers. Through Vevo‘s monthly reach of more than 10 million Canadians, advertisers can now engage with consumers watching culturally relevant content, featuring stars like Justin Bieber, The Weeknd and Drake.
“TELUS’ extensive reach and expertise in the Canadian market makes them an ideal partner for Vevo. We have been expanding our distribution footprint in Canada, especially on CTV, where we see continued growing viewership,” said Rob Christensen, EVP, Global Sales, Vevo. “Vevo’s library of over 800,000 music videos provides advertisers with both an engaging environment and access to hard-to-reach, coveted audiences, such as Gen Z and cord-cutters.”
Other posts by :
 Categories: Advertising, Articles, Content
Tags: canada, TELUS, Vevo
Creative Media CentreHastingsEast SussexTN34 1HLTel: +44 7900 196870
Copyright © 2001-2025. Advanced Television Ltd.