Kash Doll caught a stray in Kendrick Lamar’s new diss track, “6:16 In LA.”
“Conspiracies about Cash, dog? That's not even the leak / Find the jewels like Kash Doll, I just need you to think,” Lamar raps.
Kash reacted to being namedropped on X after a fan wrote, “Kash Doll somewhere like,” alongside a GIF of a man squinting and looking confused.
“Facts cause I’m tryna understand the lyrics lol where the music lyric geniuses at,” she responded.
Back in 2021, Kash Doll claimed she was the victim of a burglary, in which she said she had $500,000 worth of jewelry stolen while shooting a music video in San Fernando Valley.
The line also appears to be a nod to Kash and Drake’s relationship. In 2018, the Detroit rapper addressed speculation that she and the 6 God were dating after a photo of them started making the rounds online.
She denied the rumors, telling Angela Yee's Lip Service, “Why is it like that? Why is it that as soon as you post a picture or you around somebody or something, you’re dating them?”
She explained that she and Drizzy were just friends, but that the photo—in which the For All the Dogs rapper puts his arm around Kash—led to her recent break-up. Her ex was convinced that she and Drake were dating.
“It’s just, like, this is my world. What do you expect? Like, I’m a rapper too,” she said. “I ain’t hugging him, I'm just sitting there chilling, and he just put his arm around me like, ‘That's my dawg.’”
The previous line is a reference to The Weeknd’s manager Amir “Cash” Esmailian, whom Drake slammed on “Push Ups,” alleging that Cash spends his money on men. “Cash blowin' Abel bread out here trickin' / Shit we do for bitches, he doin' for n***as,” Drake raps.
Kendrick’s line is also another instance on “6:16 In LA” where he suggests that there’s a leak in the OVO camp, something that Abel Tesfaye also alleges on Future and Metro Boomin’s We Still Don’t Trust You album cut, “All to Myself.”
music | BY Mackenzie Cummings-Grady
Kash Doll Says She Was Robbed of $500,000 Worth of Jewelry 
music | BY Jordan Rose
Breaking Down All of Drake’s Shots at Kendrick (and Half the Rap Game)
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar Drops Second Drake Diss "6:16 In LA": 'Can’t Toosie Slide Up Outta This One'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.