Green Day is on top in the U.K. with "Saviors," for their fifth leader.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Green Day is on top in the U.K. with Saviors (Reprise), the U.S. pop-punk trio’s 14th studio album.

	Opening at No. 1 on the Official U.K. Albums Chart, published Friday, Jan. 26, Saviors is the Rock Hall-inducted band’s fifth leader in the U.K., after American Idiot (2004), 21st Century Breakdown (2009), Revolution Radio (2016) and Father of All… (2020).

	The outright leader at the midweek stage, when it was the outselling the rest of the top 10 combined, Green Day draws level with the Foo Fighters, Prince and Celine Dion and other acts with five U.K. leaders.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Green Day		
					






















	
		
					Neck Deep		
					






















	
		
					Noah Kahan		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Saviors finishes the cycle as the best-seller on wax, according to the Official Charts Company, with vinyl generating one-third of its first-total tally. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The Bay Area trio of Billie Joe Armstrong, Mike Dirnt and Tré Cool will reward their legion of British fans this summer with a run of dates on The Saviors Tour, a stretch that includes concerts at Manchester’s Old Trafford Stadium, Isle of Wight Festival, and London’s Wembley Stadium.

	The only way is up for Noah Kahan, whose breakthrough third studio album Stick Season (Island) rises 4-2 for a new peak position. Meanwhile, the title track from the Vermont, U.S. singer-songwriter leads the U.K. singles chart for a fourth successive week. 

	Completing the podium on the albums tally is The Weeknd’s The Highlights (via Republic Records/XO), up 5-3. 

	Also new to the latest U.K. chart is Neck Deep’s eponymously titled fifth studio LP. Neck Deep (via Hopeless) bows at No. 11, for the Welsh pop-punk outfit’s fourth U.K. top 40, after 2015’s Life’s Not Out to Get You (No. 8), 2015’s The Peace and the Panic (No. 4) and 2020’s All Distortions are Intentional (No. 4). 

	Finally, British heavy metal veterans Saxon snag an 11th U.K. top 40 album with Hell, Fire and Damnation (Militia Guard Music), new at No. 19.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.