By 

	Tomás Mier


	Vice President Kamala Harris took a moment from her busy Election Eve to honor Quincy Jones on Monday. The presidential Democratic candidate shared a sweet tribute for the legendary musician, who died at the age of 91 on Sunday.

	“Quincy Jones was a trailblazer,” Harris wrote on social media. “As a composer, arranger, record, and movie producer, he created art that brought joy to millions of people. As an activist, Quincy championed civil and human rights.

	“As a role model, he offered inspiration and mentorship, in particular for young people of color in the music industry,” she continued. “I was honored to call Quincy a friend, and I will always remember his generosity of spirit, his selfless support, and his deep kindness.”
A post shared by Vice President Kamala Harris (@vp)

	Harris ended her post: “Doug and I are praying for the Jones family and all those who loved him.”

	The tribute from Harris came several hours after New York reshared a 2018 interview with Jones in which he described former President Donald Trump as a “crazy motherfucker” who was “limited mentally” and a “megalomaniac.” His statements on the Republican candidate went viral online.

	










	Jones’ family announced his death in a statement to the Associated Press, revealing that he died at his home in Bel Air, California. “Tonight, with full but broken hearts, we must share the news of our father and brother Quincy Jones’ passing,” the family said in their statement. Dozens of musicians, including the Weeknd, Flea, and Victoria Monét, have paid homage to the artist.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	








	President Joe Biden also issued a statement via the White House, celebrating Jones as a “musical genius who transformed the soul of America one beat, one rhythm, and one rhyme at a time.”

	“In only a way he could, Quincy Jones solidified Black culture as American culture,” Biden wrote. “He was a great unifier, who believed deeply in the healing power of music to restore hope and uplift those suffering from hunger, poverty, and violence, in America and the continent of Africa.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.