To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
Selena Gomez’s costars on Only Murders in the Building – Steve Martin and Martin Short – have shared their thoughts on her engagement to Benny Blanco.
The actress and singer, 32, announced that she and her producer boyfriend, 36, are planning to tie the knot after over a year of dating.
Selena shared the news via an Instagram carousel on Wednesday, showing off an enormous ring in pictures with Benny. 
She wrote in the caption: ‘Forever begins now…’
Benny commented on the post: ‘Hey wait… that’s my wife.’
Taylor Swift was among the superstars celebrating the news in the comments below, chimed in with: ‘Yes I will be the flower girl’ alongside Jennifer Aniston who wrote, ‘HONEY!! Congratulations sweet mama!’
‘Congratulations to Benny and Selena, from her two weird uncles.’ Steve, 79, wrote on Instagram, alongside a 2021 pic of the three cast members standing together.
Selena responded on her Instagram Story: ‘Love you guys!!’
The trio have been acting together on the hit show since 2021, and Selena has publicly spoken about how close she’s become to the two comedy legends on several occasions. 
Earlier this year she posted an Instagram of the three of them with the caption: ‘I want to thank @stevemartinreally and Marty (who hates social media) for truly being the most kind, gentle, warm and powerful influences in my life,” she wrote. “You have shown me a level of class, intellect and humor that doesn’t seem to be easy to find anymore. You guys are truly best friends to me forever. #thebear’ 
Selena’s Instagram announcement of her big news has also gained a lot of attention online. Nestled between all of the love was a message from celebrity chef Gordon, who suggested that ‘cooking’ was the reason behind their happy news.
‘Congratulations to you both it must be the cooking,’ he penned.
His comment racked up more than 100,000 likes at the time of writing, but fans were forced to defend the Kitchen Nightmares star after he was accused of shading the couple.
Iced_Anna reminded everyone: ‘Nah, I think he means since she had a cooking show and he was on it. That’s what he’s referring to!’
‘Knowing Gordon he already made that joke to them,’ Cam suggested.
While Kirsty D clarified: ‘Selena has a cooking show that Ramsey has been on. He’s referencing that HER cooking must have attracted him. Not shade.’
Selena and Gordon shared the kitchen for a 2022 episode of the Only Murders in the Building star’s cooking series, Selena + Chef.
Benny is also a foodie, and released a cookbook in April, titled Open Wide: A Cookbook for Friends.
Could you imagine how good their wedding feast will be?
Selena also posted a mirror selfie with her new ring on her Instagram stories. 
The couple had known each other for years through the music industry before they began dating in June 2023. 
They met when they collaborated on the 2019 single I Can’t Get Enough with Tainy and J Balvin.
The Only Murders In The Building actress first confirmed romance rumours back in 2023, when she responded ‘Facts.’ to a post from Popfactions after the Instagram page said she ‘seemingly confirms’ that she is ‘in a relationship.’
After a fan shaded their relationship in the comments of the post, she replied: ‘Lol yeah and he’s still better than anyone I’ve ever been with. Facts.;
She added: ‘He has been the best thing that’s ever happened to me.’
‘He is my absolute everything in my heart,’ she wrote under a post on fan page @Selenagomezbr2.0, while in she revealed their have been together for six months.
Earlier this year, Benny also made it clear how he feels about Selena, saying during an appearance on the Howard Stern Show: ‘When I look at her … I’m always just like, I don’t know a world where it could be better than this.’
Speaking to Time Magazine, Selena previously revealed that she’d had plans to adopt a baby before meeting Benny, sharing that she got ‘used to’ being alone before the music producer came along, and had considered adopting a child when she turned 35, if she was still single.
‘I was alone for five years, and I got really used to it. A lot of people are afraid of being alone and I probably tortured myself in my head for like two years being alone, and then I kind of accepted it,’ she said.
‘Then I came up with my plan, which was I was going to adopt at 35 if I had not met anyone.’
Selena has previously spoken out about starting her own family, sharing that she may not be able to carry a child herself due to risks associated with her bipolar medication.
‘That’s a very big, big, present thing in my life,’ she told Rolling Stone in 2022. ‘However if I’m meant to have them, I will.’
The Disney icon has also had her fair share of high-profile romances, having dated Justin Bieber and The Weeknd in the past.
Record producer and songwriter Benny Blanco (real name Benjamin Joseph Levin) has worked with many of the biggest names in music as a record producer.
From Rihanna and Britney Spears to Katy Perry and Ed Sheeran, he’s got songwriting credits on huge hits like RiRi’s Diamonds, Lizzo banger Grrrls and SZA’s Nobody Gets me.
Originally a mentee of infamous record producer Dr. Luke, Blanco co-produced and co-wrote many songs, including hits such as Katy Perry’s Teenage Dream, Kesha’s TiK ToK, and Taio Cruz’s Dynamite while being mentored by Dr. Luke.
Benny is also an artist himself, having dropped his debut solo album Friends Keep Secrets in 2018. 
He’s also written a cookbook called Open Wide, having been inspired at the age of 13 when a friend got a George Foreman grill.
‘It changed my life forever,’ he wrote on Instagram earlier this year, admitting while ‘cooking is scary,’ it’s worth taking the plunge, as he added: ‘Once you get into it, it’ll be ur new addiction, it’s like meditating.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Fans fume over ‘sacrilegious’ remake of iconic musical 56 years later
Arrow
MORE: The ultimate guide to party season underwear – every undergarment you’ll need for your festive outfits
Arrow
MORE: Having sex can be tricky with two stoma bags — but I still do it three times a week