B-b-b-battle royale.

Lady Gaga is coming to Fortnite, having famously once asked what "Fortnight" was all about. 


Her arrival in the game marks something of a full-circle moment for the global music megastar, after her social media post in October 2019 simply asking "What's Fortnite" went viral. Five years on, Lady Gaga's account reposted her original message today with an image of her upcoming in-game character model, and the correction: "*fortnite".


The image is labelled with Fortnite Festival, which is the game's Rock Band/Guitar Hero-style rhythm game mode that launched late last year. Festival's second season kicks off this Thursday, 22nd February, following its first season that spotlighted The Weeknd.


If things work in the same way, Lady Gaga will get a skin in the game so you can play as her, and a collection of her music tracks will be released for you to tap along to.

*fortnite https://t.co/1FwPHmMfRJ pic.twitter.com/9BSG6S23zh

Lady Gaga's arrival in Fortnite also comes years after early plans for her to appear in the game were first spotted by fans in court documents made public as part of developer Epic Games' courtroom battle with Apple. Fortnite even featured a season involving chrome - during which fans expected Gaga to finally make her appearance - but were kept waiting.

But while Lady Gaga is now finally be on the horizon, this month brought confirmation that a long-rumoured Fortnite Doctor Who collaboration would not coming any time soon.

Fortnite


Android, 
            iOS, 
            PS4, 
            PS5, 
            Xbox One, 
            Xbox Series X/S, 
            PC, 
            Mac, 
            Nintendo Switch


        Eurogamer is better when you sign in
      

        Join our community of gamers and get access to personalised reading recommendations and much more!
      


Fortnite Chapter 6 Medallions explained                    



Fortnite Daigo and the Baron location                    



Supporters |


Five of the Best: Swamps                    



That's that Sabrina Carpenter joining Fortnite                    



Fortnite movie reports are "false", says Epic boss                    



Fortnite and other games have compatibility issues with Switch 2                    



How to get Scorpion's Kombat Kit in Fortnite                    



Scorpion location in Fortnite                    

© 2025 Eurogamer.net  a brand of IGN Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. 18 Mansell Street Level 3, London, E1 8AA, United Kingdom. No part of this website or its content may be reproduced without the copyright owner's permission. Eurogamer is a registered trademark of Gamer Network Limited.