ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA - JULY 28: EDITORIAL USE ONLY. NO BOOK COVERS. Taylor Swift performs onstage ... More during Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour at Levi's Stadium on July 28, 2023 in Santa Clara, California. (Photo by Jeff Kravitz/TAS23/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management )
Taylor Swift is in the middle of her historic The Eras Tour, she’s preparing to possibly win some new Grammys in a few days, and her boyfriend is now headed to the Super Bowl. In addition to all of that, the superstar is still making history on the Billboard charts almost every week–and with a years-old single, no less.
This week, Swift rules the Adult Pop Airplay chart once again. The singer’s “Cruel Summer” is still reigning supreme on the radio ranking of the top-performing singles at a more mature version of pop radio. This time around, the cut earns its twenty-first frame atop the competitive tally.
Now that “Cruel Summer” has ruled over the Adult Pop Airplay chart for 21 weeks, it stands alone as the third-longest-running No. 1 ever. Last time around, it was tied with The Weeknd’s “Blinding Lights” with 20 turns atop the tally. Now, Swift has passed the Canadian pop and R&B musician’s biggest hit, which stands as the fourth-longest-running leader in the ranking’s history.
Swift is well on her way to matching the all-time best showing on the Adult Pop Airplay chart, but she has a while to go before she makes it to that milestone. Currently, the record for the most weeks spent at No. 1 on the list belongs to Santana and Rob Thomas’ “Smooth.” That hit ruled for 25 weeks nearly a quarter-century ago.
In second place on the ranking of the longest-serving champions on the Adult Pop Airplay chart is “Wherever You Will Go” by The Calling. That tune managed 23 weeks at No. 1 on the radio list between 2001 and 2002.
At the rate that “Cruel Summer” is racking up impressions at specific adult pop stations across the country, there’s no reason to believe it will fall from No. 1 very soon. This week, the single is back up to the runner-up rung on the Hot 100 as well, kept afloat on the ranking in part thanks to its continued support at pop radio.