ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Jung Kook (Big Hit Music)
Jung Kook seems to make Billboard chart history almost every week. With several singles all performing well at the moment on a variety of rankings, it’s understandable that he’d manage some pretty impressive feats, especially when compared to other South Korean artists.
This week, Jung Kook matches one of Psy’s Billboard chart records—and he may beat the pioneering K-pop star very soon. Jung Kook’s single “Too Much” celebrates spending 10 weeks on the Rhythmic Airplay chart this frame. The tune is now tied with Psy’s “Gangnam Style” as the longest-charting hits by South Korean musicians in the history of the tally.
“Too Much” is slowly losing ground on the Rhythmic Airplay chart, but it likely won’t disappear soon. This frame, the cut is down from No. 18 to No. 21. The list features 40 spots, so it seems safe to assume that the track will earn an eleventh turn on the tally next time around. When it does so, Jung Kook will claim the longest-running hit ever by a South Korean artist, besting Psy.
Jung Kook’s “Too Much” has proved to be a historic win on the Rhythmic Airplay chart in several manners. In addition to tying as the longest-running hit on the tally among South Korean artists, it also ranks as the highest-charting. The tune once climbed to No. 13. “Gangnam Style” used to hold that record, as it stalled at No. 15 more than a decade ago.
“Too Much” is one of a very small number of songs from South Korean artists that have reached the Rhythmic Airplay chart in any capacity, so it’s not entirely shocking that the tune has gone on to make history in several manners. So far, just five tracks by South Korean musicians have placed on the tally. Two of those are by BTS, one is from Psy, one comes from Jung Kook, and there’s actually another hit present at the moment.
This week, “Too Much” isn’t the only song by a South Korean artist on the Rhythmic Airplay chart. Blackpink singer Jennie is also still found on the list as well. Her collaboration with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp, “One of the Girls,” is a non-mover at No. 26, its high point.
“Too Much” is not a solo Jung Kook hit, but it does count toward his own discography outside of BTS. The track is fronted by pop singer The Kid Laroi, who included it on his most recent album. It also credits hip-hop artist Central Cee, who similarly earns an important hit, as he’s much more popular in the U.K. than the U.S.