By LAURA PARNABY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:35, 26 December 2024   |  Updated:  17:24, 26 December 2024   
 65
View  comments
Jay-Z was notably absent from Beyonce's NFL show on Christmas Day, amid swirling allegations that he gang-raped a minor with Sean 'Diddy' Combs.
The Netflix halftime show at the NRG stadium during the Houston Texas v Baltimore Ravens game marked Beyonce's first performance since the accusations against her husband came to light. 
Jay-Z, 55, real name Shawn Corey Carter, is accused of raping a 13-year-old girl with Combs, 55, at a VMAs afterparty in 2000. Both men have denied the allegations.
He was notably MIA from Beyonce's halftime performance on Wednesday night, which also featured their eldest child, Blue Ivy Carter, 12. 
Jay-Z likely secured the televised slot for Beyonce, 43, as executive producer of entertainment events for NFL including the famed show. 
Wearing all-white with a blond mane, Beyonce tore up the stage, executing a 15-minute selection of songs from her latest album released in March, Cowboy Carter. 
It comes as earlier this month, Jay-Z became the first celebrity to be named alongside Diddy earlier this month in one of the myriad lawsuits filed against Combs. 
The anonymous victim in the suit previously referred to the rapper, whose real name is Shawn Corey Carter, as 'Celebrity A' in the bombshell filing, which also implicated a still-unnamed female star known as 'Celebrity B'. 
Beyoncé Knowles-Carter's eldest child - daughter Blue Ivy Carter - eclipsed her 5ft6in frame while dancing side by side during the epic NFL halftime performance at NRG Stadium in her Houston hometown on Christmas day
Jay-Z has been unmasked as the mystery celebrity accused of gang-raping a 13-year-old girl with Diddy at a 2000 VMA's afterparty, according to a lawsuit. (Pictured: Jay-Z and Sean Combs at Puffy's Fourth of July Party at Sean Combs' House on July 2, 2000)
Her lawyer, Tony Buzbee, who is representing more than 100 alleged Diddy victims, has now also named Jay-Z as the celebrity who allegedly 'filed a frivolous case under a pseudonym' against the accuser's legal team. 
The Texas-based attorney claimed Jay-Z has 'tried to bully and harass' him and his client over the incident said to have happened at a 2000 VMA's afterparty - but this has backfired by 'emboldening' them to take the case to court. 
'Regarding the Jay-Z case and his efforts to silence my clients: Mr. Carter previously denied being the one who sued me and my firm,' Buzbee said in a statement. 
'He filed his frivolous case under a pseudonym. What he fails to say in his recent statement is my firm sent his lawyer a demand letter on behalf of an alleged victim and that victim never demanded a penny from him. 
'Instead, she only sought a confidential mediation. Since I sent the letter on her behalf, Mr. Carter has not only sued me, but he has tried to bully and harass me and this plaintiff. 
'His conduct has had the opposite impact. She is emboldened. I’m very proud of her resolve. As far as the allegations in the complaint filed, we will let the filing speak for itself and will litigate the facts in court, not in the media.'
Buzbee also told The New York Times in an email that he followed proper 'legal practice' in 'sending a basic litigation demand letter' to Jay-Z and his camp.
The lawyer said he sought to get a 'confidential sit down' with the rapper to protect his client's identity.
'We won't get bogged down in a silly sideshow that tries to make the lawyers the focus of what are very serious allegations brought by a courageous woman,' Buzbee told the paper.
Knowles-Carter certainly sleighed - performing a 15-minute, eight-song medley during the football game where the Baltimore Ravens absolutely creamed the Houston Texans 31-2
Roger Goodell said at a December 11th press conference: 'We are aware of the civil allegations and Jay Z's really strong response to that. We know, obviously, that litigation is happening. But from our standpoint, our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl'
Jay-Z, 55, issued a blistering response to DailyMail.com, accusing the victim of attempting to 'blackmail' him, while saying he feared that his three children with Beyoncé would have to 'endure' harassment in the wake of the allegations. 
The rapper said he is especially worried about Blue Ivy, 12. He is afraid she will face questions from her friends about the lawsuit. The couple also share twins Rumi and Sir, seven. 
'My only heartbreak is for my family,' Jay-Z told DailyMail.com on Sunday. 
'My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people.'
Jay-Z said he mourned 'yet another loss of innocence' and declared that his 'children should not have to endure' the graphic accusations at their young age.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, who famously hired Jay-Z as the halftime show's live music entertainment strategist in 2019, addressed the rape claims at a December 11 press conference. 
'We are aware of the civil allegations and Jay-Z's really strong response to that,' he said. 'We know, obviously, that litigation is happening. 
'But from our standpoint, our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl.'
Jay-Z also serves as executive producer of the halftime show, having been instrumental in picking Jennifer Lopez and Shakira in 2020, The Weeknd in 2021, Dr. Dre in 2022, Rihanna in 2023, Usher in 2024, and Kendrick Lamar for 2025. 
Beyonce and Jay-Z - worth a combined $3B - originally met back in 1998, and they share three children - Blue Ivy Carter, Rumi Carter, and Sir Carter. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group