What an amazing thing to find out going into our last weekend of eras shows," the star wrote.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Taylor Swift will have much to celebrate this New Year’s Day, with the musician taking home two major year-end accolades on Spotify to close out 2024.

	And in response to the news that she is both Spotify’s most streamed artist of 2024 and the creator of the app’s most streamed album of the year — both things the platform announced Wednesday (Dec. 4) as part of its annual Wrapped — the 34-year-old pop star gushed about the feats in a heartfelt thank-you message to fans on Instagram Stories.

	










	“Top Streamed Artist and Album on @spotify this year?!” Swift wrote incredulously. “You guys are unbelievable.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The end-of-year victories come just a couple days before the 14-time Grammy winner takes the stage for one last trio of Eras Tour shows Dec. 6-8 in Vancouver, B.C. Coincidentally, Sabrina Carpenter — a former opener on the nearly two-year trek — had the top-streamed song on Spotify in 2024, with smash hit “Espresso” racking up more than 1.6 billion global listens.

	“What an amazing thing to find out going into our last weekend of eras shows,” she added in her post. “THANK YOU!”

	According to Spotify, more than 26.6 billion global streams pushed Swift to the top of their artist list this year, with The Weeknd, Bad Bunny, Drake and Billie Eilish respectively finishing out 2024 as the site’s second, third, fourth and fifth most streamed artists. This turn around the sun marks the second year in a row that the “Karma” artist has been the service’s top artist, having taken the crown in 2023 as well.

	In addition to her post on Stories, Swift also personally thanked fans with a video message sent out to her top listeners on Spotify. “I just wanted to say thank you so much for being one of my top listeners on Spotify, that’s so nice of you,” she said, addressing in the camera while outfitted in one of her Eras Tour leotards. “Thank you for streaming the music — it’s just been such a wild ride.”

	As for the most streamed album honors, that’s only the latest feather in The Tortured Poets Department‘s cap. Swift’s expansive 11th studio album has spent a total of 15 weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 in 2024 and was recently certified 6x Platinum by the RIAA, meaning it has surpassed 6 million sales units in the U.S.

	Swift’s streaming reign in 2024 wasn’t limited to Spotify, though. This year, she was also Apple Music’s top streamed artist, while Tortured Poets was the competing platform’s biggest album.

	










	“Ahhhhhh thank you for listening to my music and TTPD so much!!!!” she wrote of the latter feat on her Story Dec. 3. “You, the fans, made The Tortured Poets Department the TOP STREAMED ALBUM of The Year on @applemusic!!!”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.