ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
BEVERLY HILLS, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 12: Halsey attends the 2023 Vanity Fair Oscar Party Hosted By ... More Radhika Jones at Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts on March 12, 2023 in Beverly Hills, California. Halsey's The Great Impersonator debuts at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, marking her third album to miss hitting No. 1 by just one space. (Photo by Leon Bennett/FilmMagic)
Halsey is back on the Billboard charts with her new album The Great Impersonator, which is another quick win for the singer. The set performed well in its first week, but it couldn’t quite dominate the main albums ranking in the U.S. That’s not an uncommon occurrence when it comes to the alternative superstar, and unfortunately, the Grammy-nominated artist is used to starting in second place, just as she does again this time around.
The Great Impersonator debuts at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, the most important albums ranking in the country. Of her five full-lengths, all but one have stalled in the runner-up rung, as she’s always beaten by one other act—and it’s almost always a hip-hop powerhouse.
This week, The Great Impersonator is forced to settle for No. 2 as Tyler, the Creator proved to be unbeatable. His new album Chromakopia easily conquers the Billboard 200 with a very large opening sum, one that easily dwarfs Halsey’s still-impressive starting number.
The Great Impersonator launches in the runner-up rung on the Billboard 200 with almost 93,500 equivalent units, according to Luminate. In some weeks, that would be enough for Halsey to rule...but not at this moment. Tyler’s Chromakopia moved just under 300,000 copies, or three times as many as his closest competitor.
Halsey’s debut album Badlands started and peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard 200 nearly a decade ago, and it came in behind The Weeknd’s Beauty Behind the Madness. Years later, Manic looked like it was heading for No. 1, but Eminem’s Music to Be Murdered By beat her in that race. Just a few years ago, Ye’s (formerly known as Kanye West) Donda grabbed the highest spot, blocking Halsey’s If I Can’t Have Love, I Want Power from reaching the summit.
While it must be annoying to come so close to scoring more No. 1 titles, but miss out on doing so by just one slot, Halsey has topped the Billboard 200 before. Hopeless Fountain Kingdom, her sophomore project, became her first leader in 2017, and, so far, it remains her only project to dominate the tally.
While it might be present at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, The Great Impersonator is an immediate champion on both the Top Rock & Alternative Albums and Top Alternative Albums charts. It’s also new to the loftiest region on the Top Album Sales (No. 2) and Vinyl Albums (No. 3) rankings as well.