By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

Ariana Grande, who recently posted that she’s completed her long-awaited seventh studio album, announced on Sunday morning that the first single from it will arrive on Friday. The song is apparently titled “Yes, And?,” a playful progression from her Grande’s 2019 semi-autobiographical single and album, “Thank U, Next.”

	While the singer has been featured on several hit singles in recent years — most notably the Weeknd’s remixes of “Save Your Tears” and “Die for You” — she hasn’t released an album or even a single under her own name since her sixth full-length, “Positions,” dropped in October 2020. She’s been hard at work on Universal’s big-screen adaptation of the hit Broadway musical “Wicked,” which is due in November, and more quietly, she also split with longtime manager Scooter Braun and is now repped by Brandon Creed (who handles Lovato, Troye Sivan, Charli XCX, Mark Ronson and others).

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					How That 'Thunderbolts*' Post-Credits Scene Sets Up 'Fantastic Four' and 'Avengers: Doomsday' in a Major Way		
			







A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)

	A series of Instagram posts last year revealed that she’s been working on album number seven with longtime collaborators Max Martin and Ilya Salmanzadeh — posting silent clips of herself singing in the studio (“No snippets this time!”). On Dec. 27, she finally confirmed that the album is coming this year, possibly sooner than later (since she also tagged video director Christian Breslauer and several dancers in that post). Among the photos were ones of herself dancing and another of her weeping in the studio, saying “I’m so tired… But so happy and grateful.” She offered, by way of explanation, “The two moods of the album.”

Variety will have more on Grande’s new album as information becomes available.  
The Business of Entertainment