The trio will take to the stage on Sundays through July and August
Swedish House Mafia have announced a new mammoth residency at Ibiza’s Ushuaïa, kicking off this July.
The trio are set to take to the stage each Sunday for six weeks, beginning on July 21. The residency concludes on Sunday, August 25.
It marks a “historic” return to the club for Swedish House Mafia following an enormous one-off show last summer just a year after they reformed and released their debut studio album, ‘Paradise Again’. 
Read this next: Swedish House Mafia cause "millions" in equipment damage due to performing in the rain 
The trio are due to perform tracks from their 2022 record, according to a press release, including The Weeknd-featuring single ‘Moth To A Flame’.
Swedish House Mafia regrouped in 2021 more than eight years after disbanding. They released brand new music and told the press that they had “missed each other”.
“I moved back to Sweden and we started these discussions again, and it just felt like we had never left,” the trio’s Steve Angello told Zane Lowe in 2021. “Which is weird, right? We’ve spent so many years apart but it was like we were on stage last week together.”
Read this next: Misbehaving Brits could be banned from Ibiza 
On top of their six-week residency at Ushuaïa, Swedish House Mafia are due to play a string of festivals this summer across Europe. In August, they’ll take over three nights at Romania’s UNTOLD Festival before heading up a two-night performance at Norway’s Findings Festival.
Find tickets to Swedish House Mafia’s six-week Ushuaïa residency here, and check out the show dates below.
Swedish House Mafia at Ushuaïa dates:
Sun, July 21 - Ibiza, Ushuaïa Sun, July 28 - Ibiza, Ushuaïa Sun, Aug 4 - Ibiza, Ushuaïa Sun, Aug 11 - Ibiza, Ushuaïa Sun, Aug 18 - Ibiza, Ushuaïa Sun, Aug 25 - Ibiza, Ushuaïa 
Gemma Ross is Mixmag's Assistant Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.