Rick Ross mocked fellow rapper Drake after a video of Drake's flooded mansion surfaced, following fan speculation that Drake had made several jabs at Ross after his entourage was attacked by concertgoers in Vancouver on Canada Day.
MIAMI BEACH, FL - DECEMBER 31:  (L-R) Rick Ross, French Montana and Drake attend Sean Diddy Combs ... More Ciroc The New Years Eve Party at his home on December 31, 2013 in Miami Beach, Florida.  (Photo by Johnny Nunez/WireImage)
On Tuesday, Drake posted a video to his Instagram story showing his Toronto mansion, which he calls “the Embassy,” flooded with brown water due to severe storms in Canada, joking in the post, “This better be Espresso Martini.”
Rick Ross joked about the situation on a repost of the video, calling it a “minor issue” and later adding another comment, saying, “now we both on the water,” referencing both the flooding in the video, but also the fact that Ross lives in Miami near the water.
The comments came weeks after video footage showed Ross and his entourage being physically attacked by concertgoers at the Ignite Music Festival in Vancouver on July 1, which came after Ross played Kendrick Lamar’s diss track about Drake, “Not Like Us.”
On July 1, Drake posted a series of Instagram stories in which he laughed and wished his followers a happy Canada Day, which some fans interpreted as a subtle dig at Rick Ross following the attack.
Drake allegedly liked a post on July 1 that detailed the attack on Ross, which warned people “not to come to Canada if they have issues with Drake.”
Get Forbes Breaking News Text Alerts: We’re launching text message alerts so you'll always know the biggest stories shaping the day’s headlines. Text “Alerts” to (201) 335-0739 or sign up here.
Drake and Rick Ross have a long-standing relationship that dates back to May 2010, when Drake, during an interview with XXL, reminisced about receiving a co-sign from Ross. Over the years, they've collaborated on numerous hits, including “Aston Martin Music” and “Money In The Grave.” This history made Ross' appearance on Metro Boomin and Future’s album “We Don't Trust You” surprising to many fans, as the album featured multiple disses aimed at Drake from artists like A$AP Rocky, Kendrick Lamar, Future, The Weeknd and Ross himself. Prior to this, there were no clear signs of a rift between Ross and Drake, although some fans found it suspicious when Drake invited Ross' ex-girlfriend, Christina Mackey, to one of his shows following her breakup with Ross and before the release of “We Don’t Trust You.” Since the album dropped in late March, the two rappers have been trading numerous disses and jabs. Drake's diss track “Push Ups” took aim at Ross and other rappers, mocking Ross' age (Ross is 48, Drake is 37) and his supposed reliance on Drake for hit songs that chart on the Billboard Hot 100. Shortly after Drake's diss track was released, Ross responded with his own track titled “Champagne Moments,” accusing Drake of getting cosmetic procedures done to his nose and using ghostwriters.
A post on Pearson International Airport's social media indicated that Tuesday's rainfall, totaling nearly four inches, ranked as the fifth-wettest day on record for the airport. Toronto Fire Services reported responding to “nearly 1,700 calls for service and nearly 500 incidents” due to the storm, while The City of Toronto put out a statement saying the storm resulted in “approximately 167,000” Toronto Hydro customers losing power.