Manage your account
The total solar eclipse is just one day away.
Still not sure what it will look like in Brevard or what time to, safely, look outside? All your solar eclipse questions are answered here.
From where to get glasses if you haven't yet, what the weather will be and even what to wear.
Here are 21 things to know about tomorrow's solar eclipse
Dubbed the Great North American Eclipse, it will take place tomorrow.
Brevard residents should start to see the eclipse beginning about 1:48 p.m. EDT, with the midpoint at 3:04 p.m.
While Brevard, and actually all of Florida, is not in the path of totality, it’s still worth observing – safely of course. Brevard’s view of the eclipse will be just over half of the sun to more than ¾ of it obscured by the moon. It will vary a bit depending on where you are.
More of the moon will be blocked the farther northwest you go.
Pensacola will be treated to a spectacular partial eclipse of just over 80% coverage at the midpoint, according to eclipse2024.com, but if you want to see the most eclipse possible within state lines you'll need to head to Pineville (82.4%), Bratt (82.3%), or Walnut Hill (82.2%).
Rain isn’t expected tomorrow during the solar eclipse.
Cloud coverage is another story. There may be intermittent clouds, but hopefully not enough to block the entire eclipse.
The eclipse will start in the South Pacific Ocean, travel from Mexico into Oklahoma and move diagonally across the country through Maine.
There are two types: lunar and solar.
During a lunar eclipse, Earth's shadow obscures the moon.
This is a total solar eclipse. During a solar eclipse, the moon passes between the sun and the Earth.
There are four types of solar eclipses: total, annular, partial and hybrid.
Total solar eclipse: A total solar eclipse happens when the moon passes between the sun and Earth, completely blocking the face of the sun, according to NASA.
Annular solar eclipse: This happens when the moon passes between the sun and Earth, but when it is at or near its farthest point from our planet. Because its farther away, the moon won't completely block the sun.
Partial solar eclipse: This happens when the moon passes between the sun and Earth but the three are not lined up perfectly, so only a part of the sun will appear to be covered, giving it a crescent shape.
Hybrid solar eclipse: Because Earth's surface is curved, sometimes an eclipse can shift between annular and total as the moon’s shadow moves across the globe.
Even though Brevard is not in the path of totality, it’s still imperative to wear proper eyewear when viewing the eclipse. You're looking up at the sun, after all.
Eclipse glasses are thousands of times darker than regular sunglasses (which are not enough to protect your eyes during an eclipse) to block nearly all visible, infrared and ultraviolet light. But eclipse glasses should not be used if they are torn or scratched.
All approved-eclipse glasses will have ‘ISO’ on them. The international standard for solar eclipse viewers, called ISO 12312-2 after the International Organization of Standardization, was adopted nine years ago.
Protective gear is needed even if viewing the eclipse through binoculars, a telescope or camera lens.
All Brevard County libraries had NASA-provided eclipse glasses while supplies lasted. Libraries are closed Sunday. Call tomorrow morning to see if your local library has any glasses remaining.
Prescription glasses retailer Warby Parker also has been handing out free eclipse glasses. Brevard has one Warby Parker location at The Avenue Viera.
Sonic Drive-in gave out free glasses with the purchase of their new limited-edition, eclipse-inspired drink, the "Blackout Slush Float." There are six Sonic locations through Brevard – Titusville, Merritt Island, Cocoa, Palm Bay and two in Melbourne. They may still have some available.
Retailers selling glasses include:
Lowes
Walmart
Staples
7 Eleven
Cracker Barrel
Don't do it.
Dr. Paul Winslow, a Melbourne retina specialist, explained that you can cause severe damage to your eyes if you look at the sun, especially when an eclipse is occurring. 
“The most basic explanation is when you have any sort of intense UV rays that can produce heat damage, you can injure your retina,” said Winslow, whose office is in Melbourne. “The UV intensity is much higher during an eclipse.”
There is no surgery or medication that can fix damage done to eyes by looking at an eclipse.
You can use an indirect version to avoid looking at the sun, such as a pinhole projector that projects the sun on a nearby surface. The American Astronomical Society has a guide to set them up. Follow the guide closely. Don't take any chances.
Brevard Public Schools issued this statement:
“To minimize any risks for students, safety measure will be taken at every school. Student transition during class change and regular dismissal will not be affected; but will adhere to safety measures. Outdoor activities between 1:30 p.m. and 4:30 p.m. will be moved indoors. Athletic events and practices will not commence until after 4:30 p.m. Any pre-planned educational activities are permitted if all safety protocols are followed, and parents have granted permission for student participation in the activity.”
Some school districts that are in the path of totality are closing entirely tomorrow.
On average, a total solar eclipse is visible from somewhere on earth every 18 months, according to Space.com.
Brevard, and nearly all of Florida, will be in the path of totality for a total solar eclipse Aug. 12, 2045.
Other states that also will see the moon completely blocked by the sun are California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, Arkansas, Missouri, Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama, and Georgia.
Green, specifically, will look very bright against the dim surroundings as the moon covers the sun.
If you want to experiment with color and optical science this eclipse, have one of your friends or family wear green and dress yourself in something red (or vice versa). You can compare how the red clothing seems to fade to a shade of gray as the green clothing seems to get brighter.
Shadows take on a crescent-like shape due to the position of the sun.
Partial Eclipse and Earth Day Celebration at Kennedy Space Center - Space Commerce Way, Merritt Island, FL 32953
Solar Eclipse Viewing Party at the Orlando Science Center - 777 E Princeton St, Orlando, FL 32803
Sonic has a limited edition "Blackout Slush Float." There are six Sonic locations through Brevard – Titusville, Merritt Island, Cocoa, Palm Bay and two in Melbourne.
Krispy Kreme is partnering with Oreo to offer the total solar eclipse doughnut. The glazed doughnut is dipped in black chocolate icing, sprinkled with silver sprinkles and piped with a buttercream made with Oreo cookie pieces and topped with an Oreo cookie​.
It’s available through April 8.
Burger King Royal Perk Members can text ECLIPSE to 251251 to get a Whopper buy-one-get-one offer. The deal can be used on the Burger King app or online at BK.com through April 15.
It does seem to affect some insects, according to research scientists at the University of Florida.
During totality honeybees have been known to remain in their hives and act as if they are shutting down for the night. Crickets also get confused by the sudden darkness and will often be heard chirping.
Over the years there have been many myths regarding eclipse, but not to worry: all of these have been debunked by NASA.
Here are some of the myths:
It’s dangerous for pregnant women to experience an eclipse. It was believed that the eclipse emitted harmful radiation that would harm the unborn baby. It’s not true.
An eclipse is an omen and a sign of bad things to come. Again, not true. NASA cautioned people to remember there have been hundreds of years of eclipses occurring in which no catastrophes followed. If something bad happens to coincide with the eclipse, it’s a coincidence.
The moon turns black during a total solar eclipse. No, it does not. It may look black, but NASA assured that is not the case.
"As viewed from the moon, Earth is very bright in the sky and its weak light is enough to turn the lunar surface a pale milky white,” according to the NASA website. “This is called earthshine, and the same thing applies during a total solar eclipse. Most of Earth’s surface is actually in broad daylight off the path of totality, and from the moon it would be in full phase, shining down on the lunar surface at its brightest. So, during a total solar eclipse, the lunar surface will be dimly seen due to earthshine, surrounded by the much more brilliant corona of the sun.”
We all know what we’ll be looking at tomorrow afternoon, but what will we be listening to?
The most obvious song needed on a solar eclipse playlist is “Total Eclipse of the Heart” by Bonnie Tyler. Here are other tunes to add.
“Blinded by the Light” by Bruce Springsteen
“Blinding Lights” by The Weeknd
“Eclipse” by Pink Floyd
“Moon at the Window” by Joni Mitchell
“Moonshadow” by Cat Stevens
“The Moon and the Sky” by Sade
Want to take a last minute trip to be in the path of totality for tomorrow’s solar eclipse?
Pack your bags and get on the road - now!
The closest place from Brevard to experience totality is about 14.5 hours away. You’ll want to head to the Texas/Arkansas border.
Cities like Redwater, Texas and Yarborough Landing, Arkansas will get 100% coverage. You’ll want to make sure you’re there by 1:46 p.m. CDT. That’s when the eclipse will begin.
Spitzer is a Trending Reporter. She can be reached at MSpitzer@floridatoday.com. 
This article originally appeared on Florida Today: 21 things to know about viewing Monday's solar eclipse in Brevard