By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:58, 16 October 2024   |  Updated:  14:43, 16 October 2024   
 27
View  comments
The Victoria Secret's fashion show returned with a bang in New York on Tuesday night after a five-year hiatus. 
And the likes of models Candice Swanepoel, Lila Moss, Gigi Hadid and Barbara Palvin proved they were just like us glamming up in front of the mirror for a big night out ahead of strutting their stuff.
The fashion show was canceled in 2019 after dealing with bad ratings and a whole slew of wild controversies, and has since made an effort to become more inclusive.
Now, following a long break the models are back and it was all go go go backstage ahead of the stars storming the runway. 
Dressing gown-clad Candice beamed as she had her long blonde tresses styled to perfection from a professional, while Gigi sat in front of the mirror and was pampered by a makeup artist. 
The Victoria Secret's fashion show returned with a bang in New York on Tuesday night after a five-year hiatus and the stars looked glamorous as they all got ready backstage (seen is Candice Swanepoel)
The likes of models Candice, Lila Moss, Gigi Hadid (seen) and Barbara Palvin proved they were just like us glamming up in front of the mirror for a big night out ahead of strutting their stuff
Ashley Graham, Candice Swanepoel, Jasmine Tookes, Paloma Elsesser and Barbara Palvin lark around backstage
The majority of stars including Barbara Palvin wore matching light pink and white stripped gowns with their lingerie sets underneath as they got ready.
Barbara put on a busty display in her gown as she put on an animated display behind the scenes while getting ready. 
Her tresses were clipped back as she prepared for her glam routine. 
Kate Moss' daughter Lila also took her seat in front of one of the many mirrors doted around the room as she was seen being pampered by a makeup artist.
Other familiar faces included models Adriana Lima and Taylor Hill. 
Adriana, who has walked numerous VS runways, sat backstage with her hair slicked back into a sleek ponytail.
Irina Shayk also was among the big names preparing for the spotlight. 
She freshened up with a face mask as a hairstylist worked on her glossy waves.
Joan Smalls managed to squeeze in a bit of socializing as she prepared for her moment in the spotlight.
The fashion show was canceled in 2019 after dealing with bad ratings and a whole slew of wild controversies, and has since made an effort to become more inclusive (Gigi seen)
Now, following a long break the models are back and it was all go go go backstage ahead of the stars storming the runway, including for Lila Moss
Kate Moss' daughter Lila also took her seat in front of one of the many mirrors doted around the room as she was seen being pampered by a makeup artist
Other familiar faces included models Adriana Lima and Taylor Hill. Adriana, who has walked numerous VS runways, sat backstage with her hair slicked back into a sleek ponytail
Olivia Ponton and Alex Consani took part in some interviews backstage as they all got ready for the show 
It was a busy time for the makeup artists  back stage 
The majority of stars including Barbara Palvin wore matching light pink and white stripped gowns with their lingerie sets underneath as they got ready
Lila wore a fluffy black dressing gown while she was prepped by the makeup artist
Taylor Hill at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show held at the Brooklyn Navy Yard
Jasmine Tookes, Paloma Elsesser, Barbara Palvin, Ashley Graham pose together back stage 
Alaato Jazyper, Xu Wei, Kai Soleil, Behati Prinsloo and Doutzen Kroes backstage
Adriana was having her smokey eye done by a professional 
While Barbara sat in her personalised robe she had her eyebrows perfected 
Ashley was having her hair styled backstage 
They were all busy prepping for the big show 
Josephine Skriver at the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show held at the Brooklyn Navy Yard
Imaan Hammam was freshening up the under eye area 
The model embraced Gigi as her hairstylists prepped her tresses, before she sat preparing with her headphones in.
Valentina Sampaio, who was hired as Victoria's Secret first transgender model in 2019, was also among those getting the hair and makeup treatment. 
She got her skin rejuvenated with two eye masks as her hair was prepped.
Alessandra Ambrosio and Ashley Graham were also seen undergoing hair and makeup. 
The brand dropped video of the models prepping backstage, which concluded with a shot of Gigi saying, 'See you on the runway.'
'Hair and makeup is happening, people! And the models can't wait to see you on the runway in full glam,' the post read.
Based on the iconic pink robes the women were wearing backstage, it appears the brand is making a return to it's very glamorous roots. 
While the runway show has not occurred in five years, last year the company did release Victoria's Secret 'The Tour', a 'reimagined' feature-length, behind-the-scenes show that focused on 'emerging global trailblazers' rather than strictly lingerie-clad vixens.
This year marks the return of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show following a five year hiatus, after the brand was plunged in controversy.
The show took place at the Victoria's Secret flagship store in New York City. 
Cher, Tyla, and Blackpink member Lisa were this year's musical guests.  
The show was once a star-studded, glamorous affair that began back in 1995 and featured a who's who of the modeling world, including Tyra Banks, Heidi Klum, Gisele Bundchen, and more.
It even featured musical performances from the likes of Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, and The Weeknd.
But the company cancelled the show and dropped the Victoria's Secret Angel title in 2019 amid criticism the brand did not include models of all shapes and backgrounds.
A damning 2020 article in The New York Times included allegations of misogyny, bullying and harassment by former Chief Marketing Officer Ed Razek.
It also listed concerns about L Brands Chief Executive Leslie Wexner's long friendship with convicted felon Jeffrey Epstein prior to his death in jail.
Epstein was awaiting trial on charging of sex trafficking minors at the time of his death. 
The 2022 Hulu documentary, Victoria's Secret: Angels and Demons, continued to focus the microscope on the lingerie brand's corporate culture.
Model Alex Consani is prepared backstage ahead of the 2024 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show
Model Doutzen Kroes checks herself in the mirror backstage ahead of the show 
Model Rania Benchegra is prepared backstage ahead
Sun Mizrahi took snaps in the mirror 
The models all wore matching fluffy slippers 
Alex had their long blonde tresses pinned back 
They wore an array of skimpy lingerie for the show 
Valentina Sampaio got ready to storm the runway
Adriana looked in the zone as she prepared to walk the runway
Alaato Jazyper, Xu Wei, Kai Soleil, Behati Prinsloo and Doutzen Kroes backstage
The three-part series included claims of body shaming, misogyny, and discomfort that the PINK line, which was aimed at tweens and teenagers, made girls feel bad about themselves.
Victoria's Secret was separated from the parent company in 2021.
It is now looking to regain its reputation and its hold on its corner of the lucrative intimates market.
They now feature models of all backgrounds and sizes — similarly to trailblazer Rihanna's Savage X Fenty campaigns and show.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group