By JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  14:39, 17 June 2024   |  Updated:  14:44, 17 June 2024   
 24
View  comments
Coldplay have announced the release of their tenth and potentially final album, Moon Music. 
The band, who formed in 1997, confirmed the album will be available in record stores and across streaming platforms from October 4, 2024. 
It will be preceded by lead single Feels Like I'm Falling In Love, with the track available to purchase or stream on Friday, June 21. 
Moon Music has been produced by pop pioneer Max Martin, whose list of studio credits include collaborations with Katy Perry, Maroon 5, The Weeknd and Taylor Swift. 
In keeping with the sustainability measures that have been implemented on their current tour - which has so far produced 59% less CO2e emissions than their last stadium tour - the band have ensured the vinyl release of Moon Music is as sustainable as possible. 
Coldplay have announced the release of their tenth and potentially final album, Moon Music
The band, who formed in 1997, confirmed the album will be available in record stores and across streaming platforms from October 4, 2024
It will be the world's first album released as a 140g EcoRecord LP, with each copy made from nine recycled PET-plastic bottles recovered from post-consumer waste. 
This will prevent the manufacture of more than 25 metric tons of virgin plastic, and provide an 85% reduction in manufacturing process CO2 emissions/kg compared to traditional 140g vinyl. 
Moon Music is Coldplay’s first album since 2021’s Music Of The Spheres, which spawned the US Number One single with BTS and My Universe. 
It was nominated for Album of the Year at the Grammy Awards. Music Of The Spheres has already accumulated more than four billion streams. 
Lead singer Chris Martin previously suggested their next album would be their last while speaking to Jo Whiley on BBC Radio 2 in December 2021. 
He said: 'Well I know I can tell you, our last proper record will come out in 2025 and after that I think we will only tour.
'Maybe we’ll do some collaborative things, but the Coldplay catalog, as it were, finishes then.'
Forming in London, Coldplay released their debut studio album, Parachutes, back in 2000, spawning the singles Shiver, Yellow, Truble and Don't Panic.
It will be preceded by lead single Feels Like I'm Falling In Love, with the track available to purchase or stream on Friday, June 21
Left to right: Guy Berryman, Jonny Buckland, Chris Martin, and Will Champion of Coldplay 
The debut was was a critical and commercial success on the heels of positive reviews.
Certified 9x platinum in the UK and 2x platinum in the U.S., Parachutes went on to win the Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album in 2002.
Overall, the band has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide, making them one of the world's best-selling musical artists, and they've won seven Grammys out of 36 nominations.
Martin, who's a singer and multi-instrumentalist, has written and performed with an array of artists during his career, which includes Michael Stipe, Jay-Z, Nelly Furtado, Kanye West, Brüno, Kylie Minogue, Dua Lipa, Rita Ora, Avicii, Beck, and The Flaming Lips, among others.
If the band does, in fact, make their final album in 2025, it will mark the band’s 25th anniversary.
Forming in London, Coldplay released their debut studio album, Parachutes, back in 2000, spawning the singles Shiver, Yellow, Truble and Don't Panic
Coldplay released their ninth studio album, Music Of The Spheres, on October 15, 2021 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group