By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:51, 26 December 2024   |  Updated:  21:21, 26 December 2024   
 35
View  comments
Selena Gomez cozied up to new fiancé Benny Blanco on Wednesday as they celebrated Hanukah with famous friends.
The 32-year-old Rare Beauty founder smiled alongside her 36-year-old music producer beau in a snapshot shared by best-selling author Jake Cohen on Instagram.
His caption featuring the two lovebirds read, 'Some lonely Jews on Christmas getting lit.' 
Also at the holiday soiree were actress Debra Messing and Real Housewives of New York City star Erin Lichy. 
Gomez also shared an outtake via her Instagram Stories as she expressed excitement over meeting actor Josh Radnor.
'Made my Christmas @joshradnor... huge fan of How I Met Your Mother,' she captioned a selfie of the two.'
Selena Gomez cozied up to new fiancé Benny Blanco on Wednesday as they celebrated Hanukah with famous friends
The 32-year-old Rare Beauty founder smiled alongside her 36-year-old music producer beau in a snapshot shared by best-selling author Jake Cohen on Instagram
Gomez announced her engagement to Blanco earlier this month, one year after she confirmed their relationship.
The Golden Globe nominee revealed the news on Instagram, sharing photos of her huge diamond engagement ring with her 422million followers.
'Forever begins now..' she captioned a carousel of four images, including one of her husband-to-be holding her in his arms as he kissed her head.
Prior to Blanco's proposal, the star was tied to a number of A-listers, most famously Blanco's collaborator Justin Bieber, 30.
Gomez also dated The Weeknd, Zedd, Nick Jonas, Taylor Lautner and Zayn Malik.
Selena confirmed her relationship with Blanco in December 2023 and said they'd already been together six months.
It came after she liked and commented 'facts' underneath a Popfactions Instagram post that said she had seemingly confirmed that she's 'in a relationship.'
She also revealed that he treats her better than anyone else.
After she went public with the romance, Selena's fans called out Benny's prior comments referring to pop stars who tout various brands in tandem with their music as 'cookie-cutter' artists.
'Like you know, they're like, "This is my new single and here's my makeup line,"' he said to podcast host Zach Sang in 2020.
Benny wore a cream-colored sweater and coordinating beige trousers
Also at the holiday soiree was actress Debra Messing
Real Housewives of New York City star Erin Lichy (pictured in denim) was also at the bash
Gomez also shared an outtake via her Instagram Stories as she expressed excitement over meeting actor Josh Radnor
Though some fans saw it as a jab, the multihyphenate appeared unbothered.
As one fan slammed her as 'corny' for sticking by him despite the shade, Gomez replied: 'Lol yeah and he's still better than anyone I've ever been with. Facts.'
She also told another upset fan — who said Blanco has 'cursed' the star — that 'he has been the best thing that's ever happened to me.'
For Wednesday's celebration, the Lose You to Love Me hitmaker went casual in a plush, silvery gray sweatsuit with snowflakes embroidered throughout.
The cozy ensemble had a hood attached and the fashionista added a knit gray hat, letting her brunette bob haircut fall out underneath.
For his part, Benny wore a cream-colored sweater and coordinating beige trousers, accessorizing with layered gold chains.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group