Travis Scott performs on day one of the Astroworld Music Festival at NRG Park on Friday, Nov. 5, 2021, in Houston.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Travis Scott is bringing his “Circus Maxximus Tour” to New Jersey’s MetLife Stadium next Wednesday, October 9, for a one-night-only concert, “One Night Only In Utopia.” The concert starts at 7:30 p.m.
Scott was previously slated to perform at the stadium last year but had to cancel due to scheduling conflicts.
“I wanted to do this venue during the first leg, but football season had it tied up,” Scott wrote in the concert announcement on Instagram. “I had to make sure we spin the block. New York has always been the place for me when I perform it lets me know the real metric of rage.”
Only a handful of upper-level seating tickets for Scott’s “One Night Only In Utopia” remain on Ticketmaster, starting at $75. Greater availability can be found on secondary market platforms such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub, which offer verified tickets with a buyer’s guarantee.
Here’s a look at the best resale prices available (including fees):
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
The “Circus Maxximus Tour” is in support of his latest album, “Utopia,” released in July 2023. It features the hit lead singles “K-pop,” “Delresto (Echoes),” “Meltdown,” “I Know ?” and “Fe!n” and collaborations from some of the biggest names in the industry, including Drake, Playboi Carti, Beyoncé, 21 Savage, the Weeknd, Bad Bunny, SZA, Future and more. It debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart.
His re-released mixtape for the 10th anniversary of “Days Before Rodeo,” also jumped to number one on the Billboard 200 chart before falling off completely a week later due to vinyl preorders being shipped, according to Variety.
Still, Scott shows no signs of slowing down. He’ll even be honored at the 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards as the I Am Hip Hop Award honoree.
A complete list of Scott’s tour dates is available here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices