ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - NOVEMBER 24: Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK attends W Korea‘s 18th breast cancer ... More awareness campaign ‘Love Your W' event at Four Seasons Hotel Seoul in Jongno-gu on November 24, 2023 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by The Chosunilbo JNS/Imazins via Getty Images)
Blackpink singer Jennie may or may not be prepping the next chapter of her solo musical career, according to a number of rumors circulating online. While she may be working on new material, her latest single under her solo moniker is still performing well on the charts in the U.S., and this frame, the musician makes history with what has turned out to be a career-defining smash.
Jennie is featured on the tune “One of the Girls,” which is led by The Weeknd and which also features Lily Rose Depp. The tune falls slightly on this week’s edition of the Pop Airplay chart, which tracks the tunes that earn the largest number of audience impressions at top 40 pop radio stations across the U.S. While the single may be on the decline, the number of weeks the cut has lived on the ranking is what helps Jennie make history this time around.
“One of the Girls” has now spent nine weeks on the Pop Airplay chart. With one more frame spent on the tally, Jennie ties the all-time record for the longest stay on the list for any tune by a South Korean female solo musician.
Jennie’s smash is now on the same level as “The Weekend” by Bibi and 347aidan. Bibi’s hit also spent nine weeks on the Pop Airplay chart before falling off the list for good. Her tune only climbed to No. 31, however, so Jennie’s win has outpaced it in that manner.
“One of the Girls” is still up at No. 24 on the Pop Airplay chart, though its descent seems to have started. This week, the track falls from No. 22, its peak.
It looks like “One of the Girls” will continue to find space on the Pop Airplay chart for at least another few weeks, based on how the cut is performing. The single has a way to go before it reaches the bottom of the 40-spot tally, and it almost certainly won’t tumble that far in one frame.
Jennie is on track to break the record for the most weeks spent on the Pop Airplay chart among women from South Korea working on their own with her smash. In just a few days, “One of the Girls” will probably become the first track from a solo female star from that Asian nation to hit 10 frames on this specific roster. Where it goes from there is anyone’s guess, but it may hold on for many more weeks.