ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 13: Eminem performs during the Pepsi Super Bowl LVI Halftime Show ... More at SoFi Stadium on February 13, 2022 in Inglewood, California. In about a week, Eminem will likely become the next musician to earn 100 Hot 100 hits throughout his career, as songs from his new album debut. (Photo by Kevin C. Cox/Getty Images)
Eminem may be headed for a new No. 1 album in a few days. His latest full-length, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce), was released this past Friday (July 12), and in the days since, it’s been performing very well, especially on streaming platforms.
As he prepares to make history with another possible Billboard 200 ruler, the rapper is also getting ready to possible hit another milestone. In less than a week, he will likely score several brand new Hot 100 placements, and in doing so, join a very exclusive club.
This week, Eminem’s new single “Tobey” debuts on the Hot 100. It launches at No. 95 on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S., which seems fairly low…but there’s a good reason. The tune was released with only a few days—and now a full tracking week—in which to collect streams, sales, and radio spins, which all factor into where a title lands on the chart.
“Tobey” marks Eminem’s ninety-eighth career placement on the songs chart in America. He needs just two more wins to become the latest musician to accrue 100 smashes on the tally, and he’s sure to earn them very soon.
When The Death of Slim Shady lands on charts like the Billboard 200, there’s a very good chance that several of the songs featured on its tracklist–if not every tune on the project–will reach the Hot 100. He only needs a pair to make it to 100 appearances on the list, but he will likely score many more–perhaps 15 or greater.
Currently, the record for the most Hot 100 hits among all artists still belongs to Drake. He’s thus far secured 333 placements throughout his years as a powerhouse. Taylor Swift comes next, with 263. Both musicians add to their historic sums constantly.
At the moment, at least 18 musicians have scored 100 or more Hot 100 wins. one of the most recent additions to this group was The Weeknd, who was inducted earlier this year. Fellow superstars like 21 Savage, Future, Lil Wayne, and Nicki Minaj, among others, are also included.
In a day or so, “Tobey” will almost surely rocket up the Hot 100. The single, which features both Big Sean and BabyTron, will have enjoyed a complete seven-day tracking period, and after that, it’ll bounce up the ranking. It could become another top 40 hit for Eminem and Sean, while newcomer BabyTron will likely collect his first smash in that region.