This week's Trending Up looks at the rise in streams for weekend one performers at the Coachella Festival, as well as some Wrestlemania-related wins and a Shaboozey breakout hit. 

Welcome to Billboard Pro’s Trending Up column, where we take a closer look at the songs, artists, curiosities and trends that have caught the music industry’s attention. Some have come out of nowhere, others have taken months to catch on, and all of them could become ubiquitous in the blink of a TikTok clip.  This week: The first weekend of Coachella spurs gains for a lot of the biggest and most ascendant names involved, while songs that soundtracked the biggest moments of Wrestlemania XL also see big bumps, a Cowboy Carter collaborator has his first solo breakout hit and more.  













	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Glorilla		
					






















	
		
					Lana Del Rey		
					






















	
		
					No Doubt		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Coachella Season was once again upon us this past weekend, as hundreds of thousands of music fans flocked to the desert in Indio, Calif. to see many of the best and brightest performers in pop, rock, dance, hip-hop and more. While this year’s festival saw a little less hype (and was reported to have slower ticket sales) than some past incarnations, many of the key artists involved still saw big bumps in streaming consumption following their buzzed-about performances. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Friday (Apr. 12) headliner Lana Del Rey saw a 36% rise in official on-demand U.S. streams over the following Saturday to Monday compared to that period from the previous week, climbing from 19.4 million streams to 26.4 million, according to Luminate. Breakthrough hit “Video Games” was one of her biggest beneficiaries, rising 70% to nearly 1.2 million streams, thanks to Del Rey bringing out fellow alt-pop superstar Billie Eilish for her Coachella performance of it — then returning the favor by dueting with Eilish on her own breakout single, “Ocean Eyes” (up 21% to 1.5 million). Saturday headliner Tyler, the Creator also saw a Sunday-to-Monday bump from the prior week, with his catalog increasing 20% to 13.5 million streams. (Sunday headliner Doja Cat was down overall in streams, due to her having released her Scarlet 2: Claude deluxe edition the week before.) 

	In addition to those headliner bumps, a number of the reunited ’90s rock acts on the undercard for Saturday also saw major gains. Of those, No Doubt easily saw the biggest, with their overall catalog leaping 85% (from 1.4 million to 2.6 million) over Sunday and Monday from the previous week — with their “Bathwater,” performed with a special cameo from pop-rock superstar Olivia Rodrigo, seeing a particularly notable spike (up 450% to 113,000 streams). No Doubt’s ’90s ska-punk peers Sublime, who assembled on Saturday with late original lead singer Bradley Nowell’s son Jakob taking vocal duties for the first time, also saw a more modest bump for their catalog over that period (up 19% to 4.6 million streams), as did Britpop greats Blur (up 27% to 770,000). 

	










	It wasn’t just the established veterans seeing the catalog spikes for the weekend, though. Still-rising pop star Sabrina Carpenter had one of the best-received sets on Friday, not only helping her just-released single “Espresso” score her best numbers for a new song to date (9.9 million streams between Apr. 12-15), but also offering a major bump for the rest of her catalog — which was up 41% from the previous week to 10.4 million streams over the three days following her set, not counting the “Espresso” numbers. Meanwhile, Chappell Roan‘s breakout spring just kept rolling, with her catalog streams rising 52% to 14.6 million over Saturday to Monday from the previous week, following her Friday performance. And Reneé Rapp‘s headline-capturing Sunday set also resulted in a 33% bump from the prior week for her catalogue that Monday, climbing to 1.4 million streams. – ANDREW UNTERBERGER

	As wrestling fans continue to bask in the glow of WrestleMania XL (April 6-7), so do songs featured prominently at the blockbuster event. Both The Weeknd’s “Gasoline” and Nothing More’s “If It Doesn’t Hurt” posted impressive streaming gains during WrestleMania week. 

	“Gasoline,” a single from the pop superstar’s 2022 Dawn FM album that peaked at No. 29 on the Billboard Hot 100, pulled over 560,000 official on-demand U.S. streams during the period of April 5-11, according to Luminate. That marks a 72% increase from just over 320,000 streams during March 29-April 4. “Gasoline” marks the fifth consecutive Weeknd song to be selected as the WrestleMania theme. Past Weeknd selections include “Less Than Zero” (2023), “Sacrifice” (2022), “Save Your Tears” (2021) and “Blinding Lights” (2020). 

	At the top of the year (Jan. 19), Grammy-nominated hard rockers Nothing More launched “If It Doesn’t Hurt” as a standalone single. During the week of WrestleMania (April 5-11), where “Hurt” was used in a hype package video for the much-anticipated Rhea Ripley vs. Becky Lynch match, the song collected over 580,000 official on-demand U.S. streams, posting a whopping 132% gain from around 253,000 streams the week prior.   

	










	According to Deadline, WrestleMania XL was Peacock’s most-streamed entertainment event ever, garnering jaw-dropping 1.3 billion live minutes across April 6 and 7. Clearly, some of those viewers made their way to favorite music streaming platforms after hearing those theme songs for two action-packed nights in a row. – KYLE DENIS

	Along with the multiple country legends who swung by or got shouted out on Cowboy Carter, Beyoncé’s latest blockbuster also featured a handful of rising artists as collaborators, receiving the most coveted type of co-sign by popping up on a Queen Bey track list. Shaboozey arguably received the biggest showcase of any of the guest artists by appearing on two songs from the Billboard 200-topping set, as the rising country singer-songwriter swung by “Spaghettii” and “Sweet / Honey / Buckiin’” and quickly expanded his profile one decade into his recording career.

	Not wanting to sacrifice any of the Cowboy Carter momentum, Shaboozey returned last Friday (Apr. 12) with “A Bar Song (Tipsy),” a clap-along country anthem designed for bleary-eyed TouchTunes plays. The Beyoncé Bump helped the single score seven-figure streaming totals in its first four days of release, debuting with 1.63 million U.S. on-demand streams on Friday (according to Luminate), and racking up 5.66 million streams through Monday — along with nearly 6,000 in digital song sales, a tremendous number for a song by a newer artist over just for days.  

	Meanwhile, “Tipsy” — J-Kwon’s eternal 2004 hip-hop smash, which reached No. 2 on the Hot 100 — was revived in “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” via interpolation, and is enjoying a slight streaming bump of its own following the Shaboozey single release. “Tipsy” earned 413,000 streams from Apr. 12-15, up 8% from the same four-day period during the previous week (383,000 streams from Apr. 5-8), as listeners likely played it one time, then ran it back from the two to the three to the four times. – JASON LIPSHUTZ

	Between “Yeah Glo!” and the Megan Thee Stallion-assisted “Wanna Be,” GloRilla has the first half of the year on lock. Now, with her catchy Big Boogie collaboration “Bop,” she’s looking to add another 2024 hit to her arsenal. 

	










	During the period of April 12-15, “Bop” earned slightly over one million official on-demand U.S. streams, ballooning 43% from just under 730,000 streams during April 5-8. The song’s growth has been spurred by a dance trend created by TikTok user @curvejso. The infectious choreography is set to the very end of GloRilla’s guest verse and the entirety of her hook.  

	Although the sound that played in the video that kickstarted the trend is no longer available, several “Bop” sounds have found traction on TikTok. A fan-uploaded snippet of the sound boasts over 16,000 posts on the platform, and another user-uploaded snippet (which soundtracks a different dance trend) plays in over 4,000 posts. Should the dance trend continue to turn into streaming gains, Big Boogie could be in for his very first Hot 100 entry with “Bop.” — KD
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.