In this July 7, 2017, file photo, Kendrick Lamar performs in Quebec City, Canada. (Photo by Amy Harris/Invision/AP, File)Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Grammy award-winning rapper Kendrick Lamar will headline the 2025 Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show in February. 
The news comes ahead of the first official football Sunday of the 2024-2025 season. 
The Super Bowl is scheduled for Feb. 9, 2025, in New Orleans, Louisiana. That’s 157 days away for those eagerly awaiting one of the biggest nights in sports. 
This will be Lamar’s second time performing in a Super Bowl halftime show, after he joined 50 Cent, Eminem, Mary J. Blige, and Snoop Dogg on the field in 2022. 
Eminem, left to right, Kendrick Lamar, Dr. Dre, Mary J. Blige, 50 Cent and Snoop Dogg perform during the halftime show during the NFL Super Bowl 56 football game between the Cincinnati Bengals and the Los Angeles Rams on Feb. 13, 2022, in Inglewood, Calif. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)AP
2024 has been a big year for Lamar after his diss tracks about Drake, another Grammy award-winning rapper, went viral on social media. “Not Like Us,” arguably the most popular one of the releases, has over 155 million views on its official audio video on YouTube. 
For those who may be unfamiliar with Lamar’s name, there’s a good chance you know some of his music. He helped put together the soundtrack to Marvel’s 2018 film, “Black Panther,” where he was featured on songs like “All the Stars” with SZA and “Pray for Me” with The Weeknd. 
He’s also been a feature on Beyoncé’s songs “Freedom” and “America Has a Problem.” 
On top of all his other accolades, Lamar won a Pulitzer Prize in music for his album DAMN. in 2018. 
2024’s Super Bowl halftime show was helmed by Usher, which garnered 129.3 million viewers, according to AP. His show, featured roller skaters and Alicia Keys, is “the most-watched Super Bowl halftime on record and a 7% increase from Rihanna’s” 2023 performance. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices