ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INCHEON, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 02: Jennie of BLACKPINK is seen leaving Incheon International Airport ... More for Paris Fashion Week SS23 on October 02, 2022 in Incheon, South Korea. (Photo by The Chosunilbo JNS/Imazins via Getty Images)
Blackpink singer Jennie’s winning streak continues yet again this week in America. The superstar has been breaking records and tying fellow powerhouse South Korean artists seemingly every week with her biggest hit, “One of the Girls,” which is still performing well on a number of Billboard charts. This frame, that cut–a collaboration with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp–helps her manage another impressive feat.
"One of the Girls" has now lived on the Pop Airplay chart for a lucky 13 weeks. That’s one of the longest stays of all time for a South Korean solo musician on Billboard’s ranking of the tracks that rack up the largest number of total audience impressions across top 40 pop radio stations throughout the U.S. each week.
"One of the Girls" is now tied with another as the sixth-longest-running win among all tunes by South Korean solo acts in the history of the Pop Airplay tally. Jennie is on the same level as Jung Kook’s “Seven,” which managed 13 turns on the tally as well during its initial run on the chart.
Psy continues to lead this charge, as his single “Gangnam Style” held on for 19 weeks on the Pop Airplay list. He’s held this record for more than a decade, and even though a few tracks from one of the most successful solo artists from South Korea in America history came close to his performance, nothing has yet been able to match his historic showing.
Jung Kook claims the second, third, and both of the fourth-longest-charting tunes by South Korean solo musicians on the Pop Airplay tally. He’s also matched with Jennie at the moment, though that could change very soon if “One of the Girls” is able to find a home on this list for a fourteenth turn, which seems highly likely at this point.
Charlie Puth helped Jung Kook earn his first solo smash on the Pop Airplay chart in 2022 with “Left and Right,” their highly-successful collaboration. That track spent 17 weeks on the ranking, and it holds as the second-longest-running single from any South Korean solo star.
Jung Kook’s solo win “Standing Next to You” comes next with its 16 weeks on the Pop Airplay chart. The same musician is tied with two hits that earned 15 stays on the radio tally, proving that nobody is doing it like the BTS star. He and Jack Harlow joined forces for “3D,” and he was also credited on The Kid Laroi and Central Cee’s “Too Much,” which both lived on the roster for 15 stints.