ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 02: Katy Perry attends The 2022 Met Gala Celebrating "In America: An ... More Anthology of Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 02, 2022 in New York City. Katy Perry and Doechii's new single “I’m His, He’s Mine” has reached the top 40 on iTunes following its release, but it's not one of the biggest starts of the day. (Photo by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)
The rollout of Katy Perry’s new album has not been going as she’d hoped. The set, titled 143, has already produced a pair of singles, but neither has performed the way a new tune from the pop singer would have just a few years ago. One week before the full-length arrives, she’s released one more cut from the project… and it’s also off to a fairly slow start.
“I’m His, He’s Mine” was released on Friday (September 13) at midnight, and fans are just waking up to the new tune. The track has reached iTunes rankings all around the world, but in the early hours of the single’s availability, it hasn’t become a powerful seller.
At the time of writing, “I’m His, He’s Mine” sits at No. 32 on iTunes’ ranking of the bestselling songs in the U.S. The cut took nearly half a day to crack the top 40 region, and it’s been climbing slowly, but steadily, for hours.
“I’m His, He’s Mine” is Perry’s first collaboration of this era. The single features hip-hop rising talent Doechii, who may score one of her first chart hits with the tune.
Fridays are typically packed with new album and single releases, as it marks the beginning of a new chart week. Perry and Doechii aren’t the only musicians who have shared previously-unheard tracks, and there are plenty of arrivals that land ahead of the two women.
“I’m His, He’s Mine” is currently the tenth-highest-ranking debut on the U.S. iTunes songs chart. Perry comes in behind just-dropped tunes from the likes of Teddy Swims, The Weeknd, Koe Wetzel, and Tate McRae.
Eminem fills several spaces above Perry and her collaborator. The rapper dropped a new, even-longer take on his recent album The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Grâce), which now comes with the name Expanded Mourner’s Edition. Three tracks from that set are surging on iTunes, with two—“Fuel (Shady Edition)” with Westside Boogie and Grip, and his solo track “Like My Shit”—entering the top 10.
“I’m His, He’s Mine” is the third single taken from Perry’s 143. The project was fronted by “Woman’s World,” which debuted on the Hot 100 at No. 63 before falling away. Follow-up song “Lifetimes” failed to reach the ranking completely.