Rita Ora ditched her long blonde locks to leave fans floored after showing off her incredible new cut.
The Masker Singer judge stepped out in New York on Thursday but not before taking to Instagram to give her followers the first look at her eye-popping do. Rita looked radiant with a smouldering look as the star looked unrecognisable in a while robe after making the bold decision.
She's gone short this time and the Poison songstress captioned the social media snap: "Sometimes you gotta cut out the things in life that don't serve you. #newchop @dimitrishair @samanthalmua." It left her fans thrilled and one told her: "You look stunning.. what a great choice."
Rita wanted a new look as she gears up to get back on stage. Last week, the star saluted her 16 million followers on Instagram for their incredible support after she drooped new single Shape Of You. She hasn't been on tour since 2019 and her fans hope something in brewing.
She and Robbie Williams are among the first artists to sign up for a star-studded ­benefit concert to rival Live Aid and raise millions to fight climate change. More than 30 of the biggest names in music are expected to perform at stadiums in London and LA next year.
Alongside Robbie, 49, and Hot Right Now singer Rita, 33, the event - being billed as Climate Aid- will include Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, U2, Imagine Dragons, The Eagles, Bruce Springsteen, Ed Sheeran, Sia, The Weeknd, Tiesto, Billie Eilish and Santana.
It is being produced by ITV ’s creative director Lee Connolly, who masterminded the channel’s coverage of the Queen’s Platinum Jubilee. Ex-BBC Radio broadcast director Paul Robinson is in charge of hashing out a global TV deal. Island Records, which managed U2, are also involved.
A source said: “Two concerts, in London and LA, are scheduled to take place in January next year and will unite the world to raise vital funds for climate change. It will mark 40 years since Live Aid raised over £100million for famine relief in Ethiopia and has the biggest names in the industry driving it forward. Music fans won’t have seen a concert of this scale since. The plan is for it to happen every two years.”
Money from tickets will go to a new Climate Aid charity to fund large-scale investments to significantly reduce emissions and move to a low-carbon global economy. An estimated 1.9 billion people tuned into the Live Aid broadcasts from London’s Wembley Stadium and Philadelphia on July 13, 1985.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.