By CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:56, 14 February 2024   |  Updated:  07:44, 21 February 2024   
 26
View  comments
Usher showed his love for the city of Atlanta while being inducted into the Black Music And Entertainment Walk Of Fame near Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Georgia on Wednesday - just three days after his record-breaking Super Bowl LVIII performance.
The 45-year-old R&B belter declared himself a 'proud ambassador of this amazing city' as he posed in front of his plaque while surrounded by friends, family, and colleagues.
Usher (last name Raymond IV) beamed while holding up the prestigious Atlanta Phoenix Award, declaring the city 'the Motown of the South.'
The eight-time Grammy winner looked Matrix sleek in a black PVC jacket, matching gloves, a turtleneck, trousers, and square-toed dress shoes selected by styling duo Sonia Bedere and Nicolas Aksil.
Usher - who never removed his $345 Dolce&Gabbana 'DG4442' shades - took to the podium to help people understand the 'importance of preserving our legacy.'
Usher showed his love for the city of Atlanta while being inducted into the Black Music And Entertainment Walk Of Fame near Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Georgia on Wednesday - just three days after his record-breaking Super Bowl LVIII performance
'The fact that we have this moment, we have this Walk. This is the beginning of something that is going to continue to grow when I'm dead and gone. These paved roads will mean so much more for so many people because of what this city produces and we open our arms to the world to come here, understand our culture, celebrate our historical black colleges,' the Coming Home singer said in his speech.
'But that was part of the reason why I selected the people whom I did for the Super Bowl, because I wanted the rest of the world to understand the amazing culture that Atlanta has to offer. No different than New York City or Los Angeles or London or Paris or Berlin or any of those places. We are major, baby. That's right. This is officially the United States of Atlanta, dammit!'
Usher gave a shout out to his former momager - Jonnetta Patton - who could not make it to the event.
'She probably went a little bit too hard after Las Vegas,' the Texan-born belter said to uproarious laughter.
'But she's obviously probably watching. She was the first one, she said, "Baby you got to make it rain in Las Vegas." Y'all know what I'm talking about?'
The 66-year-old J's Kitchen Culinary Incubator founder was most likely referring to the time the late great Prince performed during a downpour at his Super Bowl XLI Halftime Show inside Florida's Dolphin Stadium back in 2007.
The Black Music And Entertainment Walk Of Fame - which was established in 2021 - previously inducted talent like Prince, Quincy Jones, James Brown, Otis Redding, Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson, Sean Combs, Beyoncé, Missy Elliot, Femi Kuti, Smokey Robinson, Berry Gordy, Snoop Dogg, Lauryn Hill, Bob Marley, and Queen Latifah.
Seated front row inside a VIP tent was Usher's third wife Jennifer Goicoechea, who wore a black leather duster, patterned leggings, and brown furry high-heeled boots.
The 45-year-old R&B belter declared himself a 'proud ambassador of this amazing city' as he posed in front of his plaque while surrounded by friends, family, and colleagues
Usher (last name Raymond IV) beamed while holding up the prestigious Atlanta Phoenix Award, declaring the city 'the Motown of the South'
The eight-time Grammy winner looked Matrix sleek in a black PVC jacket, matching gloves, a turtleneck, trousers, and square-toed dress shoes selected by styling duo Sonia Bedere and Nicolas Aksil
Usher - who never removed his $345 Dolce&Gabbana 'DG4442' shades - took to the podium to help people understand the 'importance of preserving our legacy'
The Coming Home singer said in his speech: 'The fact that we have this moment, we have this Walk. This is the beginning of something that is going to continue to grow when I'm dead and gone. These paved roads will mean so much more for so many people because of what this city produces and we open our arms to the world to come here, understand our culture, celebrate our historical black colleges'
Usher continued: 'But that was part of the reason why I selected the people whom I did for the Super Bowl, because I wanted the rest of the world to understand the amazing culture that Atlanta has to offer. No different than New York City or Los Angeles or London or Paris or Berlin or any of those places. We are major, baby. That's right. This is officially the United States of Atlanta, dammit!'
The Texan-born belter gave a shout out to his former momager - Jonnetta Patton (R, pictured Sunday) - who could not make it to the event
Usher said to the crowd: 'She probably went a little bit too hard after Las Vegas. But she's obviously probably watching. She was the first one, she said, "Baby you got to make it rain in Las Vegas." Y'all know what I'm talking about?'
The 66-year-old J's Kitchen Culinary Incubator founder was most likely referring to the time the late great Prince performed during a downpour at his Super Bowl XLI Halftime Show inside Florida's Dolphin Stadium back in 2007
The Good Good hitmaker wed the 40-year-old music executive - with whom he shares son Sire, 2; and daughter Sovereign, 4 - on Sunday before performing at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, NV.
Usher is also father to two sons - Usher V, 16; and Naviyd, 15 - from his marriage to stylist Tameka Foster, which ended in 2009.
The newlyweds made sure to pose with three-time Grammy-winning songwriter L.A. Reid, who spoke at the event, and his second wife Erica Holton.
Usher flashed peace signs with Atlanta Mayor Andre Dickens, who also spoke at his induction ceremony.
The Boyfriend star also posed with past inductee Dallas Austin, DL Warfield, Michael Mauldin, Usher, Erica Thomas, and Demmette Guidry.
Usher's sighting came the same day he told Variety he partnered with UCP, a division of Universal Studio Group, to develop a drama series based on his music and black love.
'My 30-year catalog has resonated with so many people no matter where they were in their lives,' the Risk It All singer said in a statement.
'I'm happy to be working with UCP to bring the music to life. I hope the series resonates with you the way my music continues to.'
Seated front row inside a VIP tent was Usher's third wife Jennifer Goicoechea, who wore a black leather duster, patterned leggings, and brown furry high-heeled boots
The Good Good hitmaker wed the 40-year-old music executive while surrounded by their blended brood on Sunday before performing at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, NV
The newlyweds made sure to pose with three-time Grammy-winning songwriter L.A. Reid (2-R), who spoke at the event, and his second wife Erica Holton (R)
Usher flashed peace signs with Atlanta Mayor Andre Dickens (R), who also spoke at his induction ceremony
The Boyfriend star also posed with past inductee (from L-R) Dallas Austin, DL Warfield, Michael Mauldin, Usher, Erica Thomas, and Demmette Guidry
The Black Music And Entertainment Walk Of Fame - which was established in 2021 - previously inducted talent like Prince, Quincy Jones, Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson, Beyoncé, Missy Elliot, Femi Kuti, Smokey Robinson, Snoop Dogg, Lauryn Hill, Bob Marley, and Queen Latifah
Usher's sighting came the same day he told Variety he partnered with UCP, a division of Universal Studio Group, to develop a drama series based on his music and black love
The Risk It All singer said in a statement: 'My 30-year catalog has resonated with so many people no matter where they were in their lives. I'm happy to be working with UCP to bring the music to life. I hope the series resonates with you the way my music continues to'
On Sunday, Usher's half-time performance was the most watched ever - averaging an eye-popping 129.3M viewers - as he ran through 11 of his hits My Way, U Don't Have to Call, Love in This Club, My Boo, Burn, U Got It Bad, OMG, and Yeah!
The Standing Next to You singer's rollerskating spectacular also featured guest performers Alicia Keys, Jermaine Dupri, H.E.R., Will.I.Am, Lucacris, and Lil Jon
Usher is nominated for the R&B artist of the year trophy at the 49th People's Choice Awards, which air this Sunday on NBC
On Sunday, Usher's half-time performance was the most watched ever - averaging an eye-popping 129.3M viewers - as he ran through 11 of his hits My Way, U Don't Have to Call, Love in This Club, My Boo, Burn, U Got It Bad, OMG, and Yeah!
The Standing Next to You singer's rollerskating spectacular also featured guest performers Alicia Keys, Jermaine Dupri, H.E.R., Will.I.Am, Lucacris, and Lil Jon.
Usher is nominated for the R&B artist of the year trophy at the 49th People's Choice Awards, which air this Sunday on NBC.
The Cold Blooded crooner faces heavy competition against SZA, Beyoncé, Brent Faiyaz, Janelle Monáe, Victoria Monét, Tems, and The Weeknd.
Usher - who dropped his ninth studio album Coming Home last Friday - will kick off his 64-date Past Present Future Tour on August 16 at State Farm Arena in (where else?) Atlanta.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group