ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 07: Miley Cyrus attends the Tom Ford AW20 Show at Milk Studios on ... More February 07, 2020 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Amy Sussman/Getty Images)
Miley Cyrus scored the hit of a lifetime with “Flowers.” The tune launched in early 2023, and since then, it’s been going strong across almost every Billboard chart it’s reached. This week, the smash helps the singer tie with another one of the biggest stars in the music industry, and she may be preparing to outpace him.
“Flowers” returns to the No. 1 spot on this week’s Adult Contemporary chart, Billboard’s ranking of the most popular songs at adult contemporary radio stations across the U.S. In doing so, the tune earns its thirty-fifth stay in the penthouse.
With 35 weeks at No. 1, “Flowers” is now tied as the second-longest-running ruler in the history of the Adult Contemporary chart. Cyrus is currently on the same level as The Weeknd, whose genre-blending smash “Blinding Lights” also managed 35 turns atop the tally a few years ago.
Cyrus’s single rises from No. 4, where it ranked last week, back to No. 1. The Grammy nominee replaces Cher in first place, knocking the legend off the throne after a month. Cher was recently running the show with her first major holiday single, “DJ Play A Christmas Song.” That cut became a surprise hit for her, but as the season moves on and December ends, the track is quickly working its way down the chart.
It’s clear that DJs, radio programmers, and their audiences are still loving “Flowers,” as they sent it back to No. 1 just as the holiday period was concluding. With another turn in charge of the Adult Contemporary chart, it seems likely that Cyrus will soon tie the all-time record–perhaps next week.
The record for the most weeks spent at No. 1 on the Adult Contemporary chart is still held by Maroon 5. The pop band’s “Girls Like You” ruled the ranking for 36 frames about half a decade ago. Cyrus appears to be on track to match that showing, and perhaps even beat it, before “Flowers” finally begins what may be a very slow decline.