Sabrina Carpenter's Please Please Please has overtaken her own hit Espresso
Sabrina Carpenter is number one and two on the UK singles chart, becoming just the third female solo artist to achieve the feat. 
Please Please Please, her latest single, has overtaken smash hit Espresso, which has been at the top for five weeks.
Please Please Please and Espresso are both from Carpenter’s forthcoming sixth album Short ‘n Sweet.
The video to Please Please Please stars Carpenter – a former Disney actress – alongside her love interest and real-life boyfriend, Saltburn star Barry Keoghan, as they pull off Bonnie-and-Clyde-esque crimes. 
Only two women have previously held the top two spots in the UK Singles chart at the same time - Madonna in 1985 and Ariana Grande in 2019.
Carpenter visited Radio 1’s Live Lounge earlier this week, where she performed both singles – along with a cover of Good Luck, Babe by fellow US pop star Chappell Roan.
Short 'n Sweet is released in August, and Carpenter has just announced a series of US tour dates. Despite having five previous albums, it is summer anthem Espresso which has catapulted her fame to new heights. 
The top five singles this week are completed by Eminem's Houdini at number three, Billie Eilish's Birds Of A Feather at four, and Shaboozey's A Bar Song (Tipsy) at five.
On the albums chart, Taylor Swift remains at the top, with The Tortured Poets Department spending a seventh week at number one - a record for her in the UK.
The singer plays the first three of her eight shows at London’s Wembley Stadium   on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. 
Eilish’s Hit Me Hard And Soft is at number two in the chart, with Charli XCX’s Brat at three, ahead of The Weeknd’s greatest hits record The Highlights, and Sea Girls' third album Midnight Butterflies, which debuts at number five.
How Ariana Grande and Saturn collided on her album
Kemi Badenoch, Wes Streeting and Reform’s Zia Yusuf grilled by Laura Kuenssberg after local elections
Eight arrested in two separate anti-terror operations
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.