‘One Night/All Night’ featuring Tame Impala and ‘Generator’ will feature on the duo's first full-length record in eight years
Justice have announced their return with new album ‘Hyperdrama’, which is set for release in Spring. 
Alongside the announcement, the French duo - Gaspard Augé and Xavier de Rosnay - have released two singles from the project, ‘One Night/All Night’ featuring Tame Impala and ‘Generator’.
On their new single with Tame Impala - Kevin Parker - the pair say: “We wanted this track to sound as if a dark/techno iteration of Justice had found a sample of a disco iteration of Kevin Parker.
Read this next: The Weeknd sparks Justice collaboration rumours with cryptic social media posts
“Kevin has a sense of melody that’s fascinating in the sense that he manages to write melodies that feel both simple and natural, but very peculiar at the same time." 
"This song oscillates between pure electronic music and pure disco but you never really get the two at the same time. This very idea of switching instantly from a genre to another within a song runs through the whole record, and is maybe showcased the clearest in ‘One Night/All Night’.”
A full tracklist of ‘Hyperdrama’ is yet to be announced however the pair have shared an official music video to their new single with Tame Impala.
The video, produced by Phantasm and directed by Anton Tammi, follows an animation of the human body which goes onto reveal the artwork for ‘Hyperdrama’.
The ‘Hyperdrama’ artwork includes both human organs as well as their iconic symbol, the cross from their debut LP.
“I suggested to them that what if we dive in? What if their music video was a journey inside the cross?” said Tammi. “I dreamed of creating a piece like this. A strange and experimental object that looks like rave lighting inside human lungs and strobe light around a human heart.”
Read this next: Busy P says new Justice album gave him “goosebumps”, compares it to 'Cross'
Out via Ed Banger Records and Because Music, the album will be on streaming platforms April 26.
Physical copies of the album such as CD, double black vinyl, limited edition double crystal clear vinyl and limited edition double picture disc vinyl available to pre-order here.
Earlier this month, Justice were revealed on this year's Coachella line-up which will be the debut performance of their as-yet-unseen new live show.
After Coachella, the pair will go on tour to a host of different countries from Mexico to numerous dates in France. No UK dates have yet been revealed. See here for the list of tour dates.
Listen to both new singles from Justice below.
Becky Buckle is Mixmag's Multimedia Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.