Source: John Nacion / Getty
The NFL has made it clear that the partnership between Jay-Z, Roc Nation and the NFL still stands. Recently, Hov was accused of assaulting a 13-year-old girl with Diddy back in 2000. The N.Y. legend quickly came out with a response to the accusations saying, “My only heartbreak is for my family. My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people. I mourn yet another loss of innocence. Children should not have to endure such at their young age. It is unfair to have to try to understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and human spirit.”
At a press conference in Irving, Texas, on Wednesday, Goodell talked about the league’s connection with Carter and Roc Nation. Emphasizing that the relationship between the NFL and Roc Nation proceeds, “is not changing… including our preparations for the next Super Bowl. We are aware of the civil allegations and Jay Z’s really strong response to that,” Goodell said. “We know obviously that litigation is happening. But from our standpoint, our relationship is not changing with them, including our preparations for the next Super Bowl.”
 


					Related Stories
				





 

No Show, Big Statement: Jalen Hurts, A.J. Brown Ghost Trump






adidas Partnering With ‘Minecraft’ Limited Capsule Collection As Part of Multi-Year Deal






 

Uncle Murda “If I Die,” 38 Spesh ft. Benny The Butcher & Che ‘Nior “Underestimated” & More | Daily Visuals 2.28.25






The NFL’s partnership with Jay-Z has made the Super Bowl Halftime performances much more entertaining. Having artists such as Rihanna, Dr. Dre, The Weeknd, and now for this year’s Super Bowl, Hip-Hop’s “MVP” Kendrick Lamar. Many fans wanted Lil Wayne to perform at this year’s Super Bowl because it was held in New Orleans, his hometown. Despite the ups and downs, Lamar is coming off a successful year and is riding high after the release of his critically acclaimed project, GNX.

									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.