By 

	Althea Legaspi


Drake turned up the heat on Friday, following up the official release of his Kendrick Lamar diss track “Push Ups” from earlier this week with “Taylor Made Freestyle,” which appears to feature AI vocals from Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg.

	Late Friday night, April 19, the rapper took to social media to share another scathing rebuke toward Kendrick, and unlike “Push Ups” — which also takes shots at Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, and the Weeknd and drew shots back from Ross and others — this one takes direct aim primarily at Kendrick.

	On the track, AI Shakur opens with a verse imparting advice to Kendrick who has since been silent after he dropped his verse in Metro Boomin and Future’s “Like That,” which kicked off this recent beef.

	“Kendrick we need ya, the West Coast savior/Engraving your name in some hip-hop history/If you deal with this viciously … Call him a bitch for me/Talk about him liking young girls as a gift for me,” AI Shakur rhymes.

	










	Later, AI Snoop Dogg also addresses Kendrick. “World is watching this chess game, but are you out of moves?/Dot, you know that the D-O-G never fucking doubted you/But right now it seem like you posted up without a clue/Or what the fuck you ’bout to do?”

	Drake steps in for the final verse. “High up in the sky like I’m Howard Hughes/The first one really only took me an hour or two/The next one is really ’bout to bring out the coward in you,” he raps.

	Drake also acknowledges Taylor Swift’s big album release, The Tortured Poets Department; she becomes another seeming “boss” like Kendrick’s former label Top Dawg Entertainment controlling his moves. “But now we gotta wait a fucking week ’cause Taylor Swift is your new Top/And if you ’bout to drop, she gotta approve/This girl really ’bout to make you act like you not in a feud.” He adds: “Yeah, shoutout to Taylor Swift/Biggest gangster in the music game right now.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	On Instagram, Drake taunted in his caption, “While we wait on you I guess.” While the track is focused primarily on Kendrick, he does call out others who have jumped into the beef. “You tryna let this shit die down?/Nah, nah, nah,” he raps. “What the fuck is taking so long? We waitin’ on you/The rest of y’all are definitely involved, y’all getting it too/Soon as you get the courage to drop, I’m out on the loose.”

	










	Drake ends the track with a final shot: “That shit better be crazy, we waitin’ on you.” Kendrick, it’s your move.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.