The singer will be performing a concert in Sao Paulo to raise money for the XO Humanitarian Fund, which provides food and support to those in need
 The Weeknd is looking to take The Land of the Holy Cross by storm this fall. 

 On Thursday the singer, 34, announced that he will be performing a one-night only exclusive stadium concert on Sept. 7 in Sao Paulo, Brazil, where he will be unveiling a never-before-seen show. 

 The concert, produced by Live Nation, will be held at the largest privately owned stadium in Brazil, Estaìdio MorumBIS, where The Weeknd will be performing with a one-of-a-kind production, according to a release.

 This show is The Weeknd's first since the star wrapped up his 2022-2023 After Hours Til Dawn Tour, which had a long run across North America, Europe, the U.K. and Latin America. The tour included over 60 sold-out stadium shows with over three million attendees. 

 The Weeknd will be making his return to Estaídio MorumBIS after two performances there last October during his tour run. 

 Ticket sales will start with an artist presale on July 22, followed by general admission tickets releasing on July 25 at 10 a.m. BST on The Weeknd’s tour website. 

 As a Goodwill Ambassador, The Weeknd will be partnering once again with the U.N. World Food Programme to contribute funds from the Sao Paolo show to the XO Humanitarian Fund. The partnership will help provide aid to those hit by the unprecedented global hunger crises. 

 The Weeknd recently pledged $2 million dollars to the U.N. World Food Programme to help feed families in Gaza who are in near famine situations. 

 According to the news release, the donation by the artist amounts to 1,500 tons of wheat flour, which is enough to make 18 million loaves of bread to feed more than 150,000 Palestinians. 

 With the upcoming one-night performance, $1 from every ticket sold will go to the XO Humanitarian Fund. 

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)