We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The Weeknd also stars.
Jenna Ortega and Barry Keoghan's new thriller Hurry Up Tomorrow has confirmed its release date.
The Lionsgate film will land in US cinemas on May 16, 2025. A UK release date hasn't been announced yet (via Variety).
Directed by Trey Edward Shults, the psychological thriller will be an extension of Grammy winner The Weeknd's upcoming album of the same name. 
The musician will also feature in the film, which is described as a "first of its kind theatrical experience".
Related: Best movie box sets to buy
Reza Fahim, Kevin Turen and Harrison Kreiss have produced the film, alongside The Weeknd's production company Manic Phase. 
Executive producers include Ortega, Shults, Michael Rapino, Ryan Kroft, Wassim Slaiby and Harrison Huffman.
Hurry Up Tomorrow marks the final project in The Weeknd's album trilogy, following 2020's 'After Hours' and 2022's 'Dawn FM'.
The album will debut on January 24, 2025, before the singer performs a one-off concert at the Rose Bowl in Los Angeles the following day.
"Abel [Tesfaye, The Weeknd's real name] is a visionary whose art cannot be confined by any single medium," said Lionsgate Motion Picture Group chair Adam Fogelson.
Related: Barry Keoghan reveals bleach-blonde hair transformation for new crime film
"With Hurry Up Tomorrow, in partnership with Trey, his musical universe expands onto the big screen with a psychological thriller that will usher in a new cinematic experience for fans. We are thrilled to be bringing it to audiences worldwide."
Ortega will next appear in black comedy Death of a Unicorn, alongside Paul Rudd. The duo will play a father and daughter who accidentally hit and kill a unicorn while on their way to a weekend retreat.
As for Keoghan, the actor has recently been in Los Angeles to film new thriller Crime 101, which also stars Chris Hemsworth and Mark Ruffalo. 
Based on a novella by Don Winslow, the film follows a detective as he investigates several jewel thefts across the Pacific Coast, which he believes are linked to Colombian cartels. 
Hurry Up Tomorrow will land in US cinemas on May 16, 2025. A UK release date has yet to be announced.
Sara is an entertainment journalist who specialises in TV and film. After studying journalism at the University of Roehampton, Sara joined Digital Spy in 2023, writing news (and the occasional feature) on all things entertainment. She has also written for the culture desk at The Evening Standard. A lover of all things TV and film, Sara can wax lyrical about everything from Bridgerton to The Witcher. She can also recite entire episodes of New Girl, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Parks and Recreation. In her spare time, Sara loves to knit, crochet and cross-stitch. Also a musical theatre aficionado, Sara counts Samantha Barks as one of her heroes and is a loyal fan of Jodie Comer.

Wednesday series two confirms return date
Wednesday fans delighted by reunion in new movie
Yellowjackets star on how she dealt with paparazzi
Emma Myers lands next video game movie role
Jenna Ortega shares reason behind Scream 7 exit
Wednesday's Jenna Ortega praises "cool" Lady Gaga
Jenna Ortega reflects on her forgotten MCU role
Jenna Ortega on Wednesday s2 slasher episode 
Jenna Ortega's new movie called "riotously funny"
Jenna Ortega lands next movie role in '90s remake
Wednesday star gets role in new love triangle show
Wednesday star confirmed for new revenge thriller
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.