Newcity
Chicago Arts & Culture
by Ray Pride | May 22, 2024
 Summer Clouds, 2011/Photo: Ray Pride
Get Chicago & Midwest culture news sent to your inbox every weekday morning. Subscribe to Newcity Today here.
ART
Smart Museum Of Art Announces Deputy Director And Curator
Approaching its fiftieth anniversary, the Smart Museum of Art reports the appointment of Marcus E. Margerum as deputy director and Galina Mardilovich as curator. Margerum, a native of Chicago, was most recently the deputy director at the Contemporary Arts Center in Cincinnati. Margerum “assumes a significant scope of responsibilities overseeing museum operations and administration, leading the collections and registration, exhibition production and management, publications, communications, facilities and security management, and guest services teams.” Galina Mardilovich has been appointed as curator and “will work closely with senior leadership to develop a dynamic schedule of exhibitions and build the Smart’s collection, while also implementing the artistic identity and vision for the Museum.” More Smart here.
Floating Museum Brings On Operations Director
Gail Ana Gomez has joined Floating Museum as their operations director, the group posts on Instagram. “She has extensive experience as an arts administrator, having previously overseen exhibitions, publications and artist commissions for museums and arts organizations. Gail will play a pivotal role in driving the operational efficiency and strategic development of Floating Museum.”
Curator Suing Chicago Blackhawks
“Apsáalooke curator Nina Sanders is suing the Chicago Blackhawks hockey team foundation and CEO Danny Wirtz, for fraud, breach of contract, and violating the Gender Violence Act,” aggregates ARTnews. “The Chicago Blackhawks had hired Sanders, a specialist in Native American art, as a cultural consultant and mediator amid growing opposition to the team’s name, which members of the Native community have found degrading and racist. Yet little went as planned, and Sanders alleges the Blackhawks executives reneged on an agreement to change the team name and logo, along with a list of unmet commitments, such as creating jobs for Native Americans, educating the organization on Black Hawk history, among others.”
DESIGN
Documenting The Demolition Of Chicago
“Soren Spicknall captures hauntingly beautiful pictures of Chicago buildings just before they’re torn down,” profiles WBEZ in an audio report. “Chicago tears down a lot of buildings—the city issued nearly a thousand demolition permits in 2023 alone. But it’s not always clear why or what is being torn down. One Chicago photographer has made it his mission to document these doomed buildings before they’re razed.”
Chicago Shows Greatest Growth In Bicycling
“Bicycling grew more in Chicago than in any other major American city in the last five years,” reports Momentum. A CDOT analysis “showed a 119 percent increase in biking between fall 2019 and spring 2023, marking the largest jump among the country’s ten largest cities. ”
Navy Pier Marina Construction Commences
“Construction is set to start later this year for the Navy Pier Marina along the north side of the pier at roughly 848 East Grand,” reports Chicago YIMBY. “Nearly a decade in development, the addition to the pier has received the necessary city approvals. The project is led by NPM Ventures LLC and its founder Randy Podolsky.”
Skatepark Designed By Tony Hawk And McArthur Binion Unveiled In Detroit
“It Takes a Village,” the long-anticipated skatepark designed by Tony Hawk and McArthur Binion, was unveiled in Detroit, Richard Gray Gallery posts on Instagram. The skatepark is an integral part of The Shepherd, a new cultural arts center founded by Library Street Collective co-founders Anthony & JJ Curis. “The skatepark lies at the center of their ambitious neighborhood-wide cultural revitalization effort in the East Village neighborhood of Detroit, known as Little Village. The Shepherd, a 110-year-old Romanesque-style church, has been transformed into an arts center that offers multifaceted programming, including exhibitions, public projects and performance.”
McArthur Binion “played a hand in shaping the physical landscape at the Shepherd. Following up on a collaboration between the Curises and Hawk in 2017 that led to a temporary skatepark being built in downtown Detroit, the Curises and Hawk, along with the support of professional skateboarder Alec Beck and artist McArthur Binion, partnered on a permanent skatepark… While Hawk and his team led the functional design of the park, Binion oversaw the artistic design, enhancing the skatepark’s visual appeal.”
Final Mass At Our Lady Of Lourdes
Parishioners gathered Sunday for the final mass at Our Lady of Lourdes Church in Uptown for more than a century, reports WLS-TV. The parish merged with Saint Mary of the Lake in Buena Park “as part of the church’s efforts to consolidate resources.” Afterwards, “there was a procession to Saint Mary of the Lake on North Sheridan. There has been a community effort that hopes to preserve the 108-year-old building by designating it as a historic landmark.”
DINING & DRINKING
Six Chicago Steakhouses Cited Among World’s Most Sizzling
The World’s 101 Best Steakhouses list doesn’t scrimp on Midwestern establishments. The piece, which leads with Parrilla Don Julio in Buenos Aires, includes Chicago’s Asador Bastian at number fourteen; Bazaar Meat at thirty-nine; Swift & Sons at sixty-two; Bavette’s Steak House at sixty-seven; GT Prime at seventy-five; and Gibsons Italia at eighty.
Illinois: Soybean Monster
“The days have largely gone by in which Illinois could boast of being number one at anything. Printing and steel and skyscraper construction are all in eclipse,” reports Crain’s. “But there is one facet of the economy in which the state still stands virtually supreme: It is the nation’s top producer of soybeans, which have emerged as the bulwark of the regional farm economy.”
Ruh-Roh: Too Many Tails Wagging Eateries?
Canine news from New York City: “While no city agency tracks how many dogs are regulars at the city’s restaurants, anecdotal evidence suggests that the number is far from zero. Whether this is a scourge or a delight depends on whom you ask—and tensions between the two camps can run high,” reports the New York Times. “The Americans With Disabilities Act allows the staff to ask just two questions: Is the dog a service animal, required because of the owner’s disability? And what work or task has the dog been trained to perform? This should mean that service dogs get in with no problems, and other pets are gently redirected outside. (Pets are allowed on outdoor patios at the restaurant’s discretion.)”
Addressing Diners’ Perennial Complaint
“Interacting with waitstaff and fellow diners in a restaurant can be isolating and anxiety-inducing for hard-of-hearing diners. Some restaurants are finding ways to be more welcoming,” reports Bon Appétit. “For folks who are hard of hearing, interacting with waitstaff and fellow diners in a restaurant can be anxiety-inducing and isolating. The struggle to hear necessary interactions—whether a server listing the night’s specials or a dining companion recounting the day’s events—creates what hearing specialists call concentration or listening fatigue.”
FILM & TELEVISION
Sixtieth Cinema Soirée Includes John C. Reilly, Jennifer Reeder For Chicago International Film Festival
Two honorees will receive awards at the Chicago Film Fest’s Sixtieth Cinema Soirée on Saturday, June 1: John C. Reilly, Career Achievement Award; and Jennifer Reeder, Tour de Force Award. Al Roker hosts the evening, which will include “a retrospective of the movies and filmmakers that have graced the red carpets and events of the Chicago International Film Festival throughout its six-decade history. The event will be instrumental in generating vital funds to extend the impactful influence of films to a broader audience within our community.” All proceeds from the event support Cinema/Chicago’s year-round public and education programs. Details here.
Sixty Years Of Over-The-Air Success At Weigel Broadcasting
“The Chicago-based broadcaster filled a niche that persists even in an era where on-demand media is king,” profiles Crain’s. “Weigel Broadcasting has found success tapping into the power of free over-the-air television since 1964, and that same mission has been its saving grace in 2024.”
A Pair Of Chicago Musicians Behind The Sound Of “The Bear”
“Jeffrey ‘JQ’ Qaiyum and Johnny Iguana, collaborators for more than two decades, are now tasked with ‘cranking up the tension'” of the FX series, reports Block Club. The friends of twenty-five years “are writing and recording original music… When a fight breaks out at the restaurant, or a chef is trying a new dish, or something goes unspoken between characters, that’s when the duo’s score comes in, providing an essential ingredient to propel a scene forward.”
Scarlett Johansson, Who Successfully Sued Disney, Puts OpenAI On Notice For Mimicking Her Voice
“Scarlett Johansson has slammed OpenAI after the generative artificial intelligence startup used a voice suspiciously resembling her own in its new ChatGPT product,” writes the Hollywood Reporter. Johansson says she “was approached by OpenAI CEO Sam Altman nine months ago to voice its AI system but declined for ‘personal reasons.’ … When she heard the ChatGPT voice option ‘Sky’ which ‘sounded so eerily similar to mine that my closest friends and news outlets could not tell the difference… I was shocked, angered and in disbelief.'” More of her statement: “As a result of their actions, I was forced to hire legal counsel, who wrote two letters to Mr. Altman and OpenAl, setting out what they had done and asking them to detail the exact process by which they created the ‘Sky’ voice. Consequently, OpenAl reluctantly agreed to take down the ‘Sky’ voice.”
LIT
A Century-And-A-Half Of The Chicago Literary Club
“The organization started as a way to fortify the city’s intellectual culture. Now it’s looking to recruit younger members to carry on its traditions,” writes Robert Loerzel at Chicago magazine.
MUSIC
Lyric Names Newest Artist-In-Residence
Lyric Opera of Chicago announced the appointment of soprano Karen Slack as Lyric Unlimited’s artist-in-residence for the upcoming season. This residency, directed by Lyric Unlimited, highlights Lyric’s commitment to expanding the reach of opera to wider audiences. During her residency, Slack will engage in performances and events, “showcasing her talent and dedication to inspire and connect with audiences across a broad spectrum.” Slack will begin her residency by performing an aria during Lyric’s annual “Sunday in the Park with Lyric” concert in the Pritzker Pavilion at Millennium Park on August 25. More here.
Are Giant Music Festivals On The Way Out?
“2024 will be known as the true beginning of the end of mega-live music festival culture with the unexciting two weekends of Coachella in Indio, California, the probable finale of Delaware’s Frye Festival, and, after two straight years of cancellation, the Made in America festival in Philadelphia,” reports Philadelphia’s The Smart Set. “Repeating Glastonbury’s heights, the revelry and reverie of artists that filled the desert of Indio with peak audiences of more than 250,000 attendees in 2017 was thrilling—and perhaps repeatable, considering the multitude of live festivals borne in the wake of Coachella’s 1999 start and its initial dedication to under-the-radar artists. Moving from tents and bookings such as Beck and Tool into luxe commodities with pricey VIP amenities such as private cabanas, tony sleep accommodations, and gourmet meal packages also moved the needle on what a live festival away from home could be.”
Now, “larger-scale artists—the Beyoncés and Taylor Swifts of the world, to say nothing of hugely successful stadium-touring artists such as Drake, Pink and The Weeknd—usually eschew festivals for their own money-making tour schedules… If Bey, Drizzy and Tay aren’t headlining your festival—and those many festivals across the breadth of the United States—who is? Pretty much those handfuls of mid-level names such as Del Rey and Doja Cat acts that are playing several other festivals this season.”
STAGE
Chicago SummerDance Schedule Set
Mayor Johnson and the Department of Cultural Affairs and Special Events announced the lineup for Chicago SummerDance, the summertime tradition and cultural gathering downtown and in parks across the city. From June 15 through September 8 on select dates, the free outdoor series offers dance and movement lessons for all skill levels taught by professional instructors, followed by music and social dancing. Chicago SummerDance’s neighborhood events will include creative activities for the whole family in addition to dance lessons and music. Full schedule available here.
ACE Fellowship In Dance To Xavier Núñez
Trillium Arts has announced Xavier Núñez, Joffrey Ballet dancer, choreographer, and co-founder of Action Lines, as the recipient of its fifth annual ACE (Asheville-Chicago Exchange) Fellowship in Dance. Xavier will be joined at Trillium by filmmaker Tim Whalen of Big Foot Media, and Evan Boersma and Olivia Duryea, dancers from the Joffrey Ballet. The group will be in residence at Trillium July 21-28. During their Trillium residency, the creative team will work on the second in a series of dance films, “Mates For Life.” The first film, directed by Whalen and choreographed by Núñez, “was inspired by whooping cranes. The next iteration is motivated by barn owls, which, as do whooping cranes, mate for life.” More here.
“Death, Let Me Do My Show” At Steppenwolf
Steppenwolf Theatre will present Rachel Bloom’s sell-out off-Broadway play, “Death, Let Me Do My Show,” in a limited engagement August 14-24 in the Downstairs Theater. Tickets go on sale to the general public on Thursday, May 23 at noon here.
Minneapolis’ Guthrie Theater Deficit Nears $4 Million
The Guthrie Theater in Minneapolis recently “released its annual report for fiscal year 2023, acknowledging a $3.8 million deficit,” reports MPR. “The deficit represents nearly twelve percent of the operating budget last year… While ticket sales and donor support were higher than the previous year, the theater still fell short of revenue goals. The numbers also fell short of pre-pandemic levels.” Said artistic director Joseph Haj, “While I believe that the Guthrie is faring well in relative terms… it is important to acknowledge that the Guthrie is not immune to these industrywide challenges.”
New York Times Theater Reporter Checks Into Twelve Productions In Nine Days
“I’m the theater reporter at The New York Times, which means I see a lot of plays and musicals—about a hundred a year. But I don’t often go to opening nights. Those evenings are celebratory, and audiences are filled with the productions’ friends and supporters. The press is generally invited to attend performances on the nights just before (those are called previews) or after the openings,” writes Michael Paulson at the New York Times (gift link). “This year was different. My colleagues and I noticed some months ago that April—always a busy time for Broadway as shows scramble to open by the deadline to be eligible for the Tony Awards—was shaping up to be more congested than usual. Twelve shows were opening in a nine-day stretch.”
ARTS & CULTURE & ETC.
Have Bug Movies Prepared Us For Cicadapalooza?
Brood XIII, writes Chris Borrelli at the Tribune, “is the perfect movie bug. If this were a film, it would eat you: Some scientists in Springfield would be working on a way to solve world hunger, except good intentions would turn bad and Brood XIII would grow to the size of small dogs and develop a taste for human flesh. More likely, in the next few weeks, as Brood XIII spreads throughout Northeast Illinois, joining up in places with cousin Brood XIX, the worst that will happen is a bunch of dead trees and squirming human flesh.” But “they don’t bite, they suck, draining precious bodily fluids (from trees)… There are 2,500 species of cicada, and Illinois will see the ones straight out of central (bug) casting. As many as a trillion are expected, and while evolutionary biologists are not certain how cicadas know to rise out of the soil simultaneously, they suspect it’s partly a show of strength and pragmatism.”
Hoosiers Issue Human Trafficking Warnings About Indy 500
“As the Indianapolis 500—one of Indiana’s largest and most iconic sporting events—gets underway Memorial Day weekend, state officials are warning attendees to watch for signs of human trafficking. Indiana Attorney General Todd Rikita noted such big events are known to create ‘increased demand’ for trafficked people providing manual labor, sex for hire and other services,” reports WMAQ-TV. “Spectator events of such grand scale are ripe for human traffickers looking for opportunities to carry out their heinous crimes,” Rikita said… “As we excitedly participate in the greatest spectacle in racing, we need to keep our eyes and ears open for human trafficking as well.”
Fake Robberies In City Staged To Obtain Visas?
A group is accused of staging fake robberies at restaurants and businesses in and around Chicago “in an effort to help make the purported ‘victims’ eligible for U.S. visas,” reports WTTW. “Bhikhabhai Patel, Nilesh Patel, Ravinaben Patel and Rajnikumar Patel are accused of paying Parth Nayi and Kewon Young to stage multiple robberies with the Patels posing as victims, because it would allow the Patels to apply for nonimmigrant status (known as a ‘U-visa’), which is set aside for the victims of certain crimes. All six have now been charged in Chicago’s federal court with conspiracy to commit visa fraud… The Patels paid Nayi thousands of dollars to participate in the scam.”
Money Woes Close Two Howard Brown Clinics
“Howard Brown Health plans to close two of its ten Chicago clinics to address ongoing budget woes,” reports the Tribune. The plan is “to shutter its Diversey clinic at 2800 North Sheridan on August 31, and its Thresholds South clinic at 734 West 47th, on September 30. The organization decided to close the clinics following an expected $6.6 million budget shortfall this fiscal year; because of the departure of the clinics’ sole providers; and because the clinics’ leases are up, according to Howard Brown.”
Vanity Fair Takes Measure Of Upcoming DNC And “Shadow” Of 1968
“Decades after police violently clashed with Vietnam War protesters, Democrats are downplaying the ‘unprecedented’ demonstrations that pro-Palestinian activists have promised are in store. ‘They want a convention,’ says one organizer, ‘that goes off without a hitch,'” writes Eric Lutz at Vanity Fair.
Learn How To Remove Your Personal Details From Google Search
With wave after wave of changes pounding personal data across the internet, a small bright light, reports WIRED: “Maybe you don’t want your phone number, email, home address, and other details out there for all the web to see… While you previously had to meet a very high threshold for results containing sensitive data to be wiped, the process is now available for more people… Although getting results scrubbed from Google Search won’t remove web pages from the internet, it will divert a huge driver of traffic.”
Send culture news and tips to [email protected]
Copyright Newcity Communications, Inc. © 2025