Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: The Weeknd, 34; Elizabeth Olsen, 35; Ice-T, 66; LeVar Burton, 67.
Happy Birthday: Focus on what you can accomplish. Avoid tough tasks until you have the skills, information or money to deal with such matters. Timing is everything, and knowing when to make a move will help you turn this eventful year into a platform to launch pursuits. Trust your instincts, follow your heart and be confident you can stop outside interference. Your numbers are 6, 13, 19, 28, 32, 37, 44.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Make health and well-being your priorities. Don’t be tempted to follow someone who lacks common sense or hypes you up about something that can end in financial loss. Think for yourself, and take on only what you can afford or physically handle. Be good to yourself. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Watch your step. Don’t feel pressured to speed up when you need time to contemplate what’s best for you. Be resourceful and secretive about your intentions until you are ready to act. The element of surprise will give you the advantage. Make romance a priority. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Be resourceful, learn all you can and use what you discover to get ahead. You have plenty to gain if you put your head down and beeline it to the finish line. Don’t let temptation take over. Play to win, and success will be yours. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Handle money matters with care. A partnership that encourages shared expenses will cause difficulties. Use your insight and ingenuity to come up with a plan that allows you the freedom to fend for yourself. 4 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Put your time and cash into making a difference. Invest more time and money in yourself and what you want to pursue. Set a budget and map out a doable plan, and you’ll discover peace of mind and the road to gratitude and happiness. 4 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): You’ll find it hard to decide what you want and need. Don’t let temptation set in and lead you astray. Take a step back and look at the long-term effects of what you decide, and you’ll find a path that encourages you to do what’s right. 2 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Do your best to make your home a place of comfort and convenience. A move or investment that helps access a better lifestyle is apparent if you take the initiative to bring about change. Stop procrastinating. 5 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Be careful when dealing with friends, relatives and colleagues. Listen carefully and keep your thoughts private until you feel comfortable sharing your comments. A sudden change or disapproval will catch you off guard if you are too accommodating. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Handle money matters carefully for the best results. Don’t put anyone in charge who can affect how you earn your living, handle your money or care for your personal needs. Fight for your rights and promote what works best for you. 3 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Take the initiative; reorganize your space to accommodate what you are trying to achieve. Setting the stage for success will make life easier for you and harder for those who try to get in your way. 5 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Think and do for yourself. Refuse help from those trying to point you in a direction that’s better for them than you. Take an interest in where your money goes. Investigate pursuits that help you grow personally and professionally. 2 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Keep your secrets to yourself. Don’t give anyone a chance to make you look bad or put you in harm’s way. Look for opportunities, and don’t hesitate to implement the changes that help you get ahead. A unique gesture will encourage romance. 4 stars
Birthday Baby: You are powerful, resourceful and a humanitarian. You are insightful and complex.
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don’t rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you’ll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
Visit Eugenialast.com, or join Eugenia on Twitter/Facebook/LinkedIn.
Want a link to your daily horoscope delivered directly to your inbox each weekday morning? Sign up for our free Coffee Break newsletter at mercurynews.com/newsletters or eastbaytimes.com/newsletters. 
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group