Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





It’s not even Thanksgiving, but God knows we need reasons to look forward to 2025. At least there’s always Coachella. The flagship festival’s lineup dropped on November 20, with Lady Gaga, Green Day, and Post Malone topping off one of its starrier bills in years. Multiple headliners are already promising “chaos” — and that’s not including Travis Scott, who’s there to “design the desert.” What to know about the lineup, and how it’s changing the week before the festival kicks off.
A post shared by Coachella (@coachella)
Like a chronic disease. Gaga headlined for the first time back in 2017, filling in for a then-expecting Beyoncé. On about a month and a half’s notice, she performed a choreo-filled set in front of massive screens and debuted her post-Joanne single “The Cure.” Now, she’ll be the first repeat headliner since the Weeknd stepped in with Swedish House Mafia to replace Ye in 2022. This will likely be the live debut of LG7, and Gaga’s promising “a massive night of chaos in the desert” now that she has more time to prep. “I’ve had a vision I’ve never been able to fully realize at Coachella for reasons beyond our control but I wanted to come through for music fans,” Gaga posted on X. “I have been wanting to go back and to do it right, and I am.”
Beats us. The longtime Cali rockers are taking over their backyard festival for the first time on Saturday. Green Day are coming off a massive tour behind their new album Saviors and the dual anniversaries of breakout Dookie and fan favorite American Idiot. So expect a set heavy on the old hits — and, of course, featuring fans on guitar. “Come cause chaos with us in the desert, it’s gonna be one for the books!” the band posted on Instagram. We’re sensing a theme here.
Obviously. Posty’s heading back to the desert just a year after christening his cowboy era at Stagecoach. He’s already planning to kick off a massive country tour right afterward, but don’t be surprised if he throws some of his pop and hip-hop hits into these sets for a broader crowd.
Who can say for sure — but he’s probably going to play some music. Scott’s in the newish fourth headliner spot, which just meant a Saturday-night spotlight set for Calvin Harris in 2023 and No Doubt in 2024. Scott was originally set to headline the fest in 2020 before the pandemic thwarted those plans. TMZ previously reported Scott was supposed to headline Coachella’s return to the desert in 2022, before the crowd-crush tragedy at his own 2021 Astroworld Festival made him a safety and PR liability. Ye promised to bring Scott out during his headlining set instead, but we all know how that went. Now, Trav is finally getting his Coachella moment — and he’s teasing a “new chapter” for it on Instagram. (Don’t be surprised if he sticks around for a guest spot at Posty’s set, too.)
Three different acts — Anitta, Gel, and FKA Twigs — had to drop out of the festival for one reason or another. In their stead, Ed Sheeran and Weezer will be doing sets in Indio. Both will be playing the Mojave Stage at 3:00 p.m. Weezer is doing Weekend One, and Sheeran is taking the reins for Weekend Two.
Nowhere on the poster, that’s for sure. Hits Daily Double, usually a reliable Coachella source, reported back in October that ascendant dance musician Fred again.. would be a 2025 headliner. Fred had stepped in to close the 2023 festival alongside Skrillex and Four Tet, and he headlined Bonnaroo 2024, but a solo headlining slot still seemed like a big jump for him. Turns out it was — Fred isn’t one of the headliners or even set to perform.
None other than the Misfits, Glenn Danzig’s long-running horror-punk outfit. And it’s the original Misfits, the lineup of Danzig, bassist Jerry Only, and guitarist Doyle Wolfgang von Frankenstein that first reunited back in 2016.
Expect one of the weekend’s most high-concept shows from Missy Elliott, who’s coming to the desert for the first time on the heels of her very first headlining tour. After Blackpink’s 2023 headlining set, Lisa and Jennie are both taking the desert on solo, on Friday and Sunday, respectively. Charli XCX will kick off a brat spring at Coachella, ahead of a busy 2025 that already includes a headlining set at Barcelona’s Primavera Sound. Everyone at the Mustard set will be crossing their fingers for a surprise Kendrick Lamar appearance. Parents can have some fun of their own with sets from ’80s pop-rock icons the Go-Go’s, Portishead singer Beth Gibbons, hip-hop group Three 6 Mafia, and German electronic pioneers Kraftwerk. And it looks like conductor Gustavo Dudamel is bringing the Los Angeles Philharmonic to the desert, because why not?
It sure is. Don’t ask questions.
Presale registration is open now, with presale beginning November 22 at 11 a.m. PT. (But if you went in 2023 or ’24, you get early access today at 11 a.m. PT.) Coachella is encouraging fans to “look to weekend 2” for a better shot at getting tickets.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?