Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
With the internal promotions, founder Wassim “Sal” Slaiby will shift his focus to “high-level projects and new business growth.”

							By 

	Nicole Fell


	Artist management company SALXCO has named a new CEO and co-presidents, the company announced Friday (Dec. 27).

	Lindsay Unwin, a 15-year veteran of the company, has been elevated to CEO, while Manny Dion and Ryan Ramsey have been appointed co-presidents. Wassim “Sal” Slaiby, who launched SALXCO — home to management clients The Weeknd, French Montana, Metro Boomin, Swedish House Mafia, Brandy, Ty Dolla $ign and NAV, among other artists and producers — remains founder. With the internal promotions, he will shift his focus to “high-level projects and new business growth,” per a statement.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	“Taking the helm as CEO of SALXCO is a testament to what’s possible when you immerse yourself in this industry from day one,” said Unwin, who joined the Los Angeles-based company soon after its 2011 launch. “Our company thrives because we don’t just follow culture — we help shape it through our incredible clients and their visions.”

	Said Slaiby: “After 15 exceptional years Lindsay is perfectly poised to lead our daily operations.” 

	Dion said he’s “honored” to step into the role of co-president. “With a deep respect for the company’s legacy and a clear vision for the future, I’m excited to build on what has been created and lead our team and artists toward new heights in the music industry.”

	Ramsey expressed his gratitude to Slabiy and the team for the opportunity and growth over the past five years. “I’m excited to be taking this next step with SALXCO and help guide the company into the future of this ever-evolving industry,” he added.Of Unwin, Dion and Ramsey, Slaiby said, “Their  leadership will be instrumental as we embark on our next chapter.” 

	Slaiby first started working with The Weeknd, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, in 2011. The visionary artist is set to release a new album, Hurry Up Tomorrow, on Jan. 24, 2025. An accompanying film, via Lionsgate and Live Nation Entertainment, is scheduled for later in the year.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.