Photo: Getty Images
Nearly a week after he leaked it online, Drake has finally released the CDQ version of his response to Kendrick Lamar and others on streaming services.On Friday, April 19, Drizzy officially dropped his latest single "Push Ups" on all digital streaming platforms. The original cover art, which iHeartRadio debuted last week, was an image from a video of K. Dot actually doing push-ups. The new artwork now emphasizes Drake's line about K. Dot's alleged shoe size. On the track, Drake takes aim at Lamar, Future, Metro Boomin, The Weeknd and Rick Ross after they dissed him on both of Pluto and Young Metro's joint albums. 
"This the bark with the bite, n***a, what's up?/I know my picture on the wall when y'all cook up," Drake raps. "Extortion, baby, whole career you been shook up, 'Cause Top told you drop and give me fifty like some push-ups, huh/Your last one bricked, you really not on s**t/They make excuses for you 'cause they hate to see me lit, Pull your contract 'cause we gotta see the split/The way you doin' splits, b***h, your pants might rip." In the days leading up to the formal release, Drake has been trying to get Kendrick to respond by making numerous shady posts about him and his team. The pgLang co-founder has yet to acknowledge the diss track. However, "Push Ups" did draw numerous reactions from The Weeknd and Rick Ross, who unleashed his own diss track "Champagne Moments" and berated Drizzy in a series of Instagram Stories. "Push Ups" debuts at the top of iHeartRadio's Rap Rising playlist along with Nicki Minaj's "FTCU SleezeMix" featuring Travis Scott, Chris Brown and Sexyy Red. In addition to Drizzy and Nicki, rap fans also got blessed with new music from Mozzy, The Alchemist, Lola Brooke, Nas & DJ Premier, Tee Grizzley and more. Listen to all of today's new releases up top and below. WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE
Nicki Minaj featuring Travis Scott, Chris Brown & Sexyy Red, "FTCU SleezeMix" 
Nas & DJ Premier, "Define My Name" 
Rick Ross, "Champagne Moments"
Tee Grizzley, "Suffer In Silence" 
03 Greedo featuring Maxo Kream, "R.I.C.O."
Mozzy, CHILDREN OF THE SLUMS (Album)
Gangrene (The Alchemist & Oh No), Heads I Win, Tails You Lose (Album) 
YNW Melly, YNW BSlime & more, Young New Wave (Album)
G Perico, G Slim's Revenge (Album)
Rowdy Rebel & Fetty Luciano, Splash Brothers 2 (Album)
Berner, The Farmer's Market (Album)
Mez, The Loading EP (Album)
Russ, "That's My Girl" & "Tired"
JasonMartin & DJ Quik featuring Lil Jon & Rodney O, "Workout"
Boldy James & Rich Gaines featuring MadeinTYO, “Yokohama Slim”
Gloss Up featuring Jacquees, “Ride Home”
$uicideboy$, "Are You Going To See The Rose In The Vase, Or The Dust On The Table"
Lay Bankz, "Good Look"
Baby Jungle featuring Rob49, "Freaknik"
Johnny Oz, "Every Night"
FTO Sett, "Duck No Smoke"
9lives featuring jnhygs, "CANADA"