This marquee rap beef has gone well beyond lyrics and beats. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	It has been a difficult last few days for Drake on the rap front, home front, and now, storefront. His London OVO store was vandalized with lyrics from Kendrick Lamar’s latest diss record “Not Like Us.”

	Accredited journalist Nicolas-Tyrell Scott discovered the vandalism on Tuesday (May 7). The phrase “They not like us” was spray painted in gray graffiti on the store’s glass window pane on Carnaby Street. This symbolizes how much the song is catching on not just in California or even domestically, but worldwide. It also shows the depths that fans are willing to go to show their disdain for the Toronto superstar.

	










	K. Dot surprised the world with the upbeat jam on Saturday evening (May 4), and it quickly took over clubs. One DJ at an event dropped out the song audio and yelled “Certified pedophile!” into the microphone, one of the many memorable lines from the Compton rapper’s latest diss track toward his opponent. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






A post shared by THE HIP-HOP WOLF® (@thehiphopwolf)
the DJ screaming certified pedophile been stuck in my head pic.twitter.com/3CpE1TVKkM

	While people have been entertained by this overall beef, despite dark allegations being thrown at both Drake and Kendrick Lamar, it has quickly devolved into concern based on two recent shootings. The very same day that the 6 God’s London OVO store was vandalized, a security guard was shot outside of his Toronto home. Police arrived on the scene after the unidentified suspect fled in a vehicle, but they were able to confirm that the part-time crooner was not harmed in the unfortunate incident.

	One week prior, The Weeknd’s manager Cash XO’s security guard was shot during a home invasion at the Amestoy Estates in Encino, Calif., a Los Angeles suburb. Three hooded men entered the residence and opened fire upon making contact with the security guard. Neither Weeknd nor Cash suffered any injuries.

	It is important to note that there is no confirmation as to whether these shootings are connected to the current feud between Drizzy and Lamar’s camps, which has also involved Future, Metro Boomin, Weeknd, Rick Ross, and A$AP Rocky. It has been easy for fans to try to connect the dots based on the timing, but none of the details provided have proven that any of the unfortunate shootings have to do with the tense battle. 

	









SHOOTING:(UPDATE)– occurred at a a residence on Park Lane Circle– the man shot was a security guard who was standing outside the gates, o/f of the home– the man remains in hospital– a vehicle fled the scene– anyone with info 416-808-2510 or Crime Stoppers#GO978573^sc
A look at the scene surrounding the home of rapper Drake as police investigate a shooting in the upscale area. Police confirm to @CityNewsTO that Drake was NOT the man injured. pic.twitter.com/V0J3Y1KdDY

	T

	The last shot fired in this heavyweight war between Drake and Kendrick Lamar was the former’s “The Heart Part 6” on Sunday evening (May 5). There, he revealed that he intentionally planted fake information with what Lamar’s camp believed to be an OVO mole about having a secret 11-year-old daughter, taking Ozempic, and several other things addressed in the diss tracks sent his way.

	The For All The Dogs artist also denied that he had inappropriate relationships with underaged women and questioned why the “Alright” artist’s fiancée Whitney Alford hadn’t yet come forward to deny allegations that she was domestically abused. “Heart” arrived after a flurry of Lamar records over the weekend, namely “6:16 In LA,” “Meet The Grahams,” and “Not Like Us.”

	“Meet The Grahams” and “Not Like Us” bookended the former Degrassi actor’s “Family Matters,” his second multi-targeted diss track and the only one to utilize a music video so far in this battle. Watch below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.