MUSIC
Lady Gaga announced yesterday she’s releasing a companion album to “Joker: Folie à Deux”. It’s called “Harlequin” and it comes out THIS Friday. 
A cause of death has been revealed for Crazy Town frontman Shifty Shellshock.  
Skid Row guitarist Scotti Hill says any possible reunion with singer Sebastian Bach would likely end like Jane’s Addiction’s current mess.
Sean “Diddy” Combs’ resurfacing video is creating concerns amid legal issues. In the viral video, the music mogul says his crazy parties will get him imprisoned. After two bail denials, he remains in prison. 
Linkin Park have shared the second track from their comeback album From Zero, which is due out November 15th. “Heavy Is the Crown” was debuted live by the band Sunday night in Hamburg, Germany and serves as the theme for the League of Legends world championship tournament starting on Wednesday. There’s also an animated video that puts all the members of Linkin Park in the game. Check it out:
Jerry Cantrell of Alice in Chains has announced a record release show for his solo album I Want Blood, which is out October 18th. He’ll play at Pappy and Harriet’s in Pioneertown, California on October 17th.
The Weeknd now has the most songs with a billion streams on Spotify.
Former #2 Show In Stall performer and Point darling, Des Rocs has released a new version of his track “In the Night” recorded with Underoath.
Sum 41 frontman Deryck Whibley’s upcoming memoir, ‘Walking Disaster: My Life Through Heaven And Hell’, hits shelves on October 8th. 
TV
Season 19 of “America’s Got Talent” crowned a new winner last night. Here’s the announcement, along with his finale performance.
Our Oceans, an upcoming Netflix docuseries, will help animal lovers explore these “gateways to the unknown” about the mysterious creatures living deep below the water. 
MOVING ON INTO MOVIE NEWS:
Halle Berry Reveals Prince Once Asked Her on a Date via a ‘Piece of Paper’ at His Concert. People magazine reports, the Oscar winner added that Prince popped that question “sort of” in person.
AND FINALLY
One Hit Wonder Day:
According to voters on ranker.com, these are the 10 best one-hit wonders. Let the debate begin 
10. “Don’t You (Forget About Me)” – Simple Minds
9. “I’m Gonna Be (500 Miles)” – The Proclaimers
8. “Spirit in the Sky” – Norman Greenbaum
7. “Play that Funky Music” – Wild Cherry
6. “867-5309/Jenny” – Tommy Tutone
5. “My Sharona” – The Knack
4. “Video Killed the Radio Star” – The Buggles
3. “Come on Eileen” – Dexys Midnight Runners
2. “Tainted Love” – Soft Cell
1. “Take On Me” – A-Ha
AND THAT IS YOUR CRAP ON CELEBRITIES!
Learn more about your ad choices. Visit podcastchoices.com/adchoices
See Privacy Policy at https://art19.com/privacy and California Privacy Notice at https://art19.com/privacy#do-not-sell-my-info.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC