By CAMPBELL GREAVES FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  09:46, 23 April 2024   |  Updated:  11:56, 23 April 2024   
 4
View  comments
RnB superstar The Weeknd has officially cancelled his 'After Hours Til Dawn' Australian and New Zealand tour after initially postponing it in November.
Ticketek informed ticketholders of the news on Tuesday, announcing that the Canadian-born musician, real name Abel Tesfaye, will not be making his highly anticipated trip Down Under.
'The Weeknd 'After Hours Til Dawn Tour' for Australia & New Zealand is still in process of being rescheduled,' Ticketek revealed.
'Whilst we continue to work through the rescheduling process with the artist, tickets for the existing 2023 tour will be cancelled. All purchased tickets will receive a full refund,' they continued.
Ticketek is encouraging ticket holders to join the waitlist for a forthcoming announcement, as they will have access to a priority pre-sale. 
RnB superstar The Weeknd (pictured) has officially cancelled his 'After Hours Til Dawn' Australian and New Zealand tour after initially postponing it in November
Fans quickly took to social media to share their dismay over the news.
'I HAD SUCH GOOD TICKETS FOR THE WEEKND IM SO P**SED UGHHHH,' one fan wrote.
'@theweeknd, you come here once then announce a tour then POSTPONE with 2 weeks notice... and now you sack after almost 6 months???? Now we gotta go through hell to get tickets AGAIN if you even bother showing up.'
'NOT THE WEEKND CANCELLING,' another user wrote alongside a string of crying emojis. 
Ticketek informed ticket-holders of the news on Tuesday, announcing that the Canadian-born musician, real name Abel Tesfaye, will not be making his highly anticipated trip Down Under
Concertgoers were also left devastated in November when it was announced that the artist had postponed the Australian and New Zealand leg of his world tour.
The Grammy winner was originally scheduled to perform in Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane across November and December.
Fans suspected something was wrong when they discovered they could no longer purchase tickets to his show online.
'Whilst we continue to work through the rescheduling process with the artist, tickets for the existing 2023 tour will be cancelled. All purchased tickets will receive a full refund,' they announced
Touring giant Live Nation Australia was quick to reassure fans they would announce the new tour dates as soon as possible.
The Weeknd last performed in Australia as part of his Starboy World Tour in 2017.
The superstar has already achieved massive success on his latest world tour so far.
Fans quickly took to social media to share their dismay over the news
Rolling Stone reports he recently filled London's stadium with 160,000 fans over two nights, which is a record attendance for the venue.
The four-time Grammy award winning artist previously revealed his stage name originated from him dropping out of school, taking his mattress, 'leaving one weekend and never coming home.'
It is missing the 'e' to avoid copyright issues as there was already a Canadian band called The Weekend.
Ticketek is encouraging ticket holders to join the waitlist for a forthcoming announcement, as they will have access to a priority pre-sale

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group