ARIZONA NEWS
Feb 27, 2024, 2:00 PM
Rap star 21 Savage is scheduled to perform at Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre in Phoenix on May 11, 2024. (Live Nation Photo)
(Live Nation Photo)
BY KEVIN STONE
KTAR.com
PHOENIX – Rap star 21 Savage is bringing his distinctive flow to Phoenix this spring.
The Grammy Award winner will perform on the outdoor stage at Talking Stick Resort Amphitheatre on May 11 as part of his “American Dream Tour.”
J.I.D, Nardo Wick and 21 Lil Harold are coming along as special guests.
Presales start Wednesday, and tickets go on sale to the general public Friday at 10 a.m.
21 Savage’s 2024 North American tour is in support of his new album, “American Dream,” which came out in January. It was the hip-hop star’s second solo effort to reach No. 1 on the Billboard 200 album chart.
The London-born and Atlanta-raised performer has been nominated for 11 Grammy Awards, either as a lead or featured artist. He took home the trophy for best rap song for “A Lot” in 2020.
The rapper has teamed up with a slew of big names on album projects and singles, including Metro Boomin, Drake, Post Malone, The Weeknd, Usher and Cardi B.
21 Savage’s last Valley appearance was in September 2023 as an opener for Drake at Desert Diamond Arena in Glendale.
Follow @kstonezone
Have a story idea or tip? Pass it along to the KTAR News team here.
David Veenstra

                                            A man is in critical condition after he was shot multiple times in a parking lot outside Casey Moore's Oyster House in Tempe on Saturday.                                        
5 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            The Arizona Department of Public Safety issued a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Goodyear man with a medical condition who had gone missing.                                        
7 hours ago
David Veenstra

                                            A man was arrested after allegedly stabbing his roommate to death in north Phoenix on Friday, according to authorities.                                        
8 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Water goers throughout Arizona can exchange their old life jackets for new ones this May, thanks to the Arizona Game and Fish Department.                                        
9 hours ago
Payne Moses

                                            Self-screenings for HPV are now being offered at Sonora Quest Laboratories in Arizona, the medical company announced on Tuesday.                                        
11 hours ago
KTAR.com

                                            Authorities canceled a Silver Alert on Saturday for a Phoenix woman with a cognitive condition who went missing on Wednesday.                                         
13 hours ago

                                DISC Desert Institute for Spine Care                            

                                If you find yourself asking if you can get back to your favorite hobbies after a back or neck surgery, take some advice from us.                            

                                Bright Wealth Management                            

                                As you plan your financial future, the three-bucket approach has emerged as a strategy that will help manage short-term, medium-term and long-term financial goals.                            

                                Midwestern University                            

                                What if one of the best health care providers in your area wasn’t a big hospital or a corporate chain—but a place you’ve driven past without even realizing it? The best care is closer than you think.