1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
Advertisement
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: The Weeknd, 34; Elizabeth Olsen, 35; Ice-T, 66; LeVar Burton, 67.
Birthday Baby: You are powerful, resourceful and a humanitarian. You are insightful and complex.
Happy Birthday: Focus on what you can accomplish. Avoid tough tasks until you have the skills, information or money to deal with such matters. Timing is everything, and knowing when to make a move will help you turn this eventful year into a platform to launch pursuits. Trust your instincts, follow your heart and be confident you can stop outside interference. Your numbers are 6, 13, 19, 28, 32, 37, 44.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Make health and well-being your priorities. Don’t be tempted to follow someone who lacks common sense or hypes you up about something that can end in financial loss. Think for yourself, and take on only what you can afford or physically handle. Be good to yourself. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Watch your step. Don’t feel pressured to speed up when you need time to contemplate what’s best for you. Be resourceful and secretive about your intentions until you are ready to act. The element of surprise will give you the advantage. Make romance a priority. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Be resourceful, learn all you can and use what you discover to get ahead. You have plenty to gain if you put your head down and beeline it to the finish line. Don’t let temptation take over. Play to win, and success will be yours. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Handle money matters with care. A partnership that encourages shared expenses will cause difficulties. Use your insight and ingenuity to come up with a plan that allows you the freedom to fend for yourself. 4 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Put your time and cash into making a difference. Invest more time and money in yourself and what you want to pursue. Set a budget and map out a doable plan, and you’ll discover peace of mind and the road to gratitude and happiness. 4 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): You’ll find it hard to decide what you want and need. Don’t let temptation set in and lead you astray. Take a step back and look at the long-term effects of what you decide, and you’ll find a path that encourages you to do what’s right. 2 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Do your best to make your home a place of comfort and convenience. A move or investment that helps access a better lifestyle is apparent if you take the initiative to bring about change. Stop procrastinating. 5 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Be careful when dealing with friends, relatives and colleagues. Listen carefully and keep your thoughts private until you feel comfortable sharing your comments. A sudden change or disapproval will catch you off guard if you are too accommodating. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Handle money matters carefully for the best results. Don’t put anyone in charge who can affect how you earn your living, handle your money or care for your personal needs. Fight for your rights and promote what works best for you. 3 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Take the initiative; reorganize your space to accommodate what you are trying to achieve. Setting the stage for success will make life easier for you and harder for those who try to get in your way. 5 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Think and do for yourself. Refuse help from those trying to point you in a direction that’s better for them than you. Take an interest in where your money goes. Investigate pursuits that help you grow personally and professionally. 2 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Keep your secrets to yourself. Don’t give anyone a chance to make you look bad or put you in harm’s way. Look for opportunities, and don’t hesitate to implement the changes that help you get ahead. A unique gesture will encourage romance. 4 stars
Advertisement
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Amber Riley, 38; Matt Groening, 70; Melissa Manchester, 73; Jane Seymour, 73.
Birthday Baby: You are charismatic, sympathetic and revolutionary. You are influential and effective.
Happy Birthday: Relax, live in the moment and don’t feel obligated to take on too much or bend to the whims of others. Choose what fits your schedule and makes you feel good about yourself and what you contribute. Use your intelligence, agility and speed to hone your skills and make your life purposeful and entertaining. Live with gratitude and make each day one to remember. Your numbers are 9, 15, 23, 26, 31, 42, 48.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Give yourself room to stretch and observe. You have plenty to learn, and taking the time to understand your options will determine how much you accomplish. Protect your emotional and physical well-being from those willing to take risks. Keep your costs down. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Change is inevitable, but how you handle matters is up to you. Don’t let your stubbornness cost you. Focus on alternative actions that are both beneficial and encourage you to let go of what you can’t change. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Research, then set a budget before purchasing. Stay updated, and use your intelligence to market yourself and what you can offer. Problems with institutions and authority figures will surface if you are lax regarding regulations or payments. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Keep your money in your wallet. Offer a kind and worthwhile suggestion instead of a cash donation. Follow your heart and pursue your dream. Make commitment and self-improvement your goals, and you’ll be satisfied with your results. Romance is in the stars. 4 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Do your own thing. Refuse to get caught up in someone else’s world or pursuit. Put your energy into finishing what you start, taking care of your responsibilities and making time for the ones you love. Balance is fundamental if you are searching for happiness. 2 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Follow your instincts. Expect interference, but stop it before it spins out of control. Be aware of what’s happening around you, and stay focused on what’s important. Use your experience to ward off last-minute changes that don’t fit your agenda. 5 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Make room at home for something you want to pursue. Reach out to people who can help you resolve pending issues. Attend meetings and ask questions pertinent to a situation you face. Don’t pay for something without knowing what you are getting in return. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Pour energy into personal growth, investing in yourself and worthwhile relationships. By thinking outside the box, you’ll devise a unique path that leads to a stable future. Change may not be welcome, but in the end, it will be beneficial. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Take a deep breath and let the dust settle before you start something new. Don’t trust what you hear without going to the source and getting the facts in writing. Hidden costs are apparent when dealing with travel expenses. 3 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Don’t ignore what’s happening at home. Conversations will be difficult but necessary. Be open to change, and compromise if it offers equality. Take an interest in what elders or those with more experience can contribute. 5 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): Clear the path. Eliminate what you don’t need. Set boundaries to avoid giving others the chance to take advantage of you. Let your creative imagination take over and fill your head with new possibilities. Put your energy where it counts, and make your life fulfilling. 2 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Rearrange your schedule to free up time. Take a closer look at your budget, contracts and medical issues. Research alternatives that can help you find a solution to a problem. Don’t be afraid to do things your way. Approach and implement change that benefits you. 4 stars
Advertisement
1 star: Avoid conflicts; work behind the scenes. 2 stars: You can accomplish, but don't rely on others. 3 stars: Focus and you'll reach your goals. 4 stars: Aim high; start new projects. 5 stars: Nothing can stop you; go for gold.
CELEBRITIES BORN ON THIS DAY: Danai Gurira, 46; Simon Pegg, 54; Meg Tilly, 64; Terry Gross, 73.
Birthday Baby: You are generous, emotional and proactive. You are persuasive and secretive.
Happy Birthday: Assess your life and plan to incorporate more of what makes you happy and content while eliminating or restructuring what’s standing in your way. Small but consequential moves will go under the radar, alleviating interference and giving you time to cement in place what you want before anyone’s the wiser. Thinking ahead and remaining low-key will carry you to the finish line. Your numbers are 8, 13, 26, 29, 34, 41, 45.
ARIES (March 21-April 19): Don’t let what others do bother you. Gravitate toward those you have something in common with and let the magic happen. Participation will lead to new and exciting connections or bring you closer to someone who makes you feel good about yourself. 3 stars
TAURUS (April 20-May 20): Evaluate situations before revealing your true feelings. You may not like what you see or hear, but it will prevent you from making a grave mistake. Don’t let disappointment discourage you from participating in an event. Love and happiness are within reach. 3 stars
GEMINI (May 21-June 20): Share what’s necessary. Offering too much information or time will wear you down and jeopardize what you want to achieve. Use intelligence and energy to mastermind your way to victory instead of helping someone outmaneuver you. Expect to be misled; don’t believe everything you hear. 3 stars
CANCER (June 21-July 22): Revisit your dreams and be realistic, and you’ll devise a plan and budget that works. Refuse to let anyone talk you into something you don’t need or can’t afford. Information and preparation are your tickets to success. Spend time with someone you love. 4 stars
LEO (July 23-Aug. 22): Take a moment to think matters through. If you take on too much or promise the impossible, you’ll fall short and jeopardize your position, reputation or relationship. Maintain dignity, be a good listener and compromise, and in the end, the results will favor you. 2 stars
VIRGO (Aug. 23-Sept. 22): Scope out the possibilities and costs involved and maximize what you have. Don’t be afraid to show your feelings or to find out where you stand with someone you love. Take your time, refrain from overreacting and learn from the experience. 5 stars
LIBRA (Sept. 23-Oct. 22): Discussions will be difficult, but you should resolve issues dragging you down. Say what’s on your mind, and the response you get will be reasonable. Offer compromise. Personal criticism will lead to personal gain and self-improvement. 3 stars
SCORPIO (Oct. 23-Nov. 21): Think twice before you say or do something that will cause a stir. Concentrate on yourself and how you can improve physically, emotionally and financially instead of trying to change others. Expand your interests and friendships. Romance is favored. 3 stars
SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22-Dec. 21): Affiliate with people who are experiencing similar situations and can share applicable information. Use your money wisely, as unnecessary purchases will lead to debt. A personal issue will escalate if not resolved quickly. 5 stars
CAPRICORN (Dec. 22-Jan. 19): Focus on home and the changes that make life easier. Transparency will help you deal with complaints before they can dismantle your plans. Don’t act out of spite or engage in emotional blackmail. If you want to get things done, negotiate. 2 stars
AQUARIUS (Jan. 20-Feb. 18): A reunion will lead to an open window of opportunity. Don’t let emotions get in the way. Consider what’s being offered or available to you and how it will affect your life, then proceed confidently. Take a dominant position, ask questions and act accordingly. 4 stars
PISCES (Feb. 19-March 20): Update investments, documents and how you manage your money and personal affairs. Surround yourself with people who can tap into your ingenuity and bring out the best in you. Thinking ahead will pay off. Romance is favored. 3 stars
Advertisement