Could Terrace Martin break the record for most nominations in best progressive R&B album? Billboard breaks down the contenders.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


	There are five categories devoted to R&B nestled in the R&B, rap and spoken poetry field at the 67th annual Grammy Awards. Yesterday, we previewed three of them — best R&B performance, best R&B song and best traditional R&B performance. Today, we preview the other two — best R&B album and best progressive R&B album.

	The upcoming Grammy cycle marks the 30-year anniversary of the best R&B album category, and this year’s contenders range from seasoned veterans to new-gen stars.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Two previous winners — Chris Brown (2012) and Lalah Hathaway (2017) — are in contention this year. Brown is seeking his third nomination in this category with 11:11 (Deluxe), which reached No. 9 on the Billboard 200 and spawned hits such as “Residuals,” “Sensational” (with Lojay and Davido) and “Summer Too Hot,” which earned a best R&B performance nod at the 2024 Grammys. Hathaway is also looking for her third nod in this category with Vantablack, her first solo studio album in seven years.

	Between the Super Bowl and his blockbuster tour, Usher has had a very successful year, so a nod for Coming Home could be in play. Although he’s never competed in this category, he has won best contemporary R&B album (before it was discontinued in 2012) twice (2005 and 2011). Muni Long, who collaborated with Usher on the remix for her Grammy-winning “Hrs & Hrs,” is also a leading contender with her Revenge LP.

	Though he won best progressive R&B album for Table for Two in 2022, Lucky Daye lost his previous bids in this category in 2020 (Painted) and 2023 (Candydrip). With Algorithm, his third studio album, the NOLA crooner could earn his third nod for best R&B album. Andra Day (Cassandra), Eric Benét (Duets), BJ The Chicago Kid (Gravy), Ledisi (Good Life) and Tyrese (Beautiful Pain) are all previous nominees in this category who are in contention this year — and all have yet to win. With four nominations to her name, Ledisi is tied with PJ Morton as the artist with the most nominations in this category without a win.

Eric Bellinger (The Rebirth 3: The Party & The Bedroom) and Kehlani (While We Wait 2) have both been previously nominated for best progressive R&B album. A nod in best R&B album for either star would be their first in this category. Kenyon Dixon earned his first solo Grammy nod at the 2024 ceremony, and he could earn a bid here for The R&B You Love.

	










	Two more entries to keep an eye on: Dopamine, Normani‘s long-awaited debut LP, and The Color Purple (Music From And Inspired By), which features contributions from Grammy winners such as Alicia Keys, Fantasia, Tamela Mann, Usher, H.E.R., Coco Jones, Megan Thee Stallion, Missy Elliott, Mary Mary, Rodney “Darkchild” Jerkins, Mary J. Blige and Black Thought.

	We’re betting on: Coming Home (Usher), Revenge (Muni Long), 11:11 – Deluxe (Chris Brown), Good Life (Ledisi) and Vantablack (Lalah Hathaway).

	Since this category was first established in 2013 (originally as best urban contemporary album), four artists have emerged as its most-nominated acts. Beyoncé, Steve Lacy, Terrace Martin and Miguel have each earned three nods. Queen Bey and The Weeknd are tied as the all-time winners in this category, with two wins each.

	If Martin can pull off a nomination for his Alex Isley joint album, I Left My Heart In Ladera, he would become the sole most-nominated artist in the category’s history (four). Given his track record here, Martin is a surefire contender, as is NxWorries, the duo comprised of Anderson .Paak and Knxwledge; .Paak is an eight-time Grammy winner, including a win for best R&B album (2019, Ventura) and a nomination for best progressive R&B album (2017, Malibu). Hiatus Kaiyote (Love Heart Cheat Code), Childish Gambino (Bando Stone and The New World) and Kehlani (Crash) are all previous nominees in this category who could each earn their second bids. Chlöe has been nominated here twice as a part of Chloe x Halle, and though her debut LP, 2023’s In Pieces, was passed over for a nod, she could earn her first solo nomination here for Trouble In Paradise.

	










Partynextdoor is one of the few artists to send an R&B album to the Billboard 200’s top 10 this year; a nod for Partynextdoor 4 would be his first Grammy nomination since 2017. Bryson Tiller (Bryson Tiller) and Tinashe (Quantum Baby) both had big hits this year with “Whatever She Wants” and “Nasty,” respectively; both are looking for their first nomination in this category. Also keep an eye on Rae Khalil, a .Paak protégé who’s vying for a nod with her debut LP Crybaby, and Ravyn Lenae, a critical darling who’s in contention with Bird’s Eye. And never count out Black Pumas, a band that has reaped seven Grammy nominations — though none have been in the R&B field.

	Other artists to look out for: Durand Bernarr (En Route); Lizzen (On the Bus); Louis York (Songs with Friends) and Sampha (Lahai)

	We’re going with: Terrace Martin & Alex Isley (I Left My Heart In Ladera), Tinashe (Quantum Baby), NxWorries (Why Lawd?), Hiatus Kaiyote (Love Heart Cheat Code), Childish Gambino (Bando Stone and The New World)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.