Both artists had been silent on the music front since the Toronto rapper released "The Heart Part 6."

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Drake and Kendrick Lamar provided the Hip-Hop community with one of the most exciting beefs of all time. Now, it seems the battle is over. The Toronto rapper shared an Instagram post hinting at him being done with the feud and looking toward the feature.

	The 6 God referred to the beef as a “20 v 1” multiple times, as he had to contend with Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, The Weeknd, and A$AP Rocky in addition to K. Dot. Continuing that theme, he shared a photo of a soldier holding a sword while a cavalry stood across from him.

	While he was previously willing to engage with all of his opponents, his caption for this Instagram Story post said otherwise. “Good times,” he wrote. “Summer vibes up next.” Many fans have interpreted this post as him officially waving the white flag. Several fans believe he had already lost, so this supposed admission of defeat yielded the 37-year-old rapper even more jokes than he was already receiving. 

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Drake seemingly deads Kendrick Lamar beef after perceived defeat pic.twitter.com/bzjUlqoKcO
Drake’s Red Button was making a lie up this whole time ????????????????????????????????????

	Drake’s post also brings about an interesting parallel to a previous beef in his career. In 2018, Drake went toe-to-toe with Pusha T. It began with “Infrared” on the Clipse rapper’s album Daytona. Drizzy fired back with “Duppy Freestyle,” and Push responded with “The Story Of Adidon,” which infamously revealed that he was hiding his son Adonis from the world.

	There were rumors brewing of the For All The Dogs artist working on a diss track that would “end” the Virginia rapper, but it never saw the light of day. Instead, he continued the rollout of his 2018 album Scorpion which included hits like “God’s Plan,” “Nice For What,” “Nonstop,” and “In My Feelings.” He took over the summer with those records and his feature on Travis Scott’s “Sicko Mode.”

	Thus, with the part-time crooner now looking toward the summer, he may be gearing up to repair his public image by unloading a similar slew of hits. Of course, that would go against last year’s announcement that he was taking a break from music. Time will tell what the five-time Grammy winner ultimately decides to do. 

	Drake and Kendrick Lamar’s feud has been mostly subliminal over the last decade, but it got heated this past March with Lamar’s appearance on Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That.” He directly referenced the idea of him, Drizzy, and J. Cole being part of a “Big 3,” before denouncing it and saying it is just “Big Me.” 

	










	From there, the Degrassi actor responded with “Push Ups,” and the now-deleted “Taylor Made Freestyle” in the middle of April. The Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers rapper took some time before dropping “Euphoria” at the end of April and “6:16 In LA” three days later.

	Not to be outdone, Drake released “Family Matters” later that evening only to be overshadowed by Lamar releasing “Meet The Grahams” less than an hour later. The Compton, Calif. rapper shared “Not Like Us” the following evening, which has taken on a life of its own with chants like “OV-H**!” and “certified pedophile.” The OVO head honcho shared “The Heart Part 6” last Sunday (May 5), and what appears to be the end of the beef…for now.
Kendrick Lamar's Drake diss song, 'Not Like Us,' being played in Johannesburg, South Africa." pic.twitter.com/2LzMj5YyOt
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.