ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
ATLANTA, GEORGIA - OCTOBER 21: Carrie Underwood performs onstage for ATLive at Mercedes-Benz Stadium ... More on October 21, 2023 in Atlanta, Georgia. Carrie Underwood and Cody Johnson's new single “I’m Gonna Love You” gives both artists their second career No. 1 hits on Billboard's Digital Song Sales chart. (Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images for ABA)
Carrie Underwood was largely quiet for much of the first half of 2024 when it came to music. The country star has made up for that relative peace in the last few months, as she’s delivered a pair of high-profile collaborations. The latest of the two reaches the Billboard charts this week, becoming an instant hit on several tallies—and it even manages to help the singer double her total number of champions on one list.
“I’m Gonna Love You” sees Underwood teaming up with fellow country musician Cody Johnson. The track opens atop the Digital Song Sales chart, standing out as the bestselling single in the country this time around. Luminate reports that the duet sold 8,800 copies in its first full tracking period.
Underwood earns her second career No. 1 on Billboard’s ranking of the top-selling tunes in the nation. She first reached the penthouse back in 2018, and since then, she’s failed to repeat that success—but come close—until now.
In April 2018, Underwood’s “Cry Pretty” climbed to the peak position on the Digital Song Sales list after debuting below the No. 1 rung. That single only held on for one week in first place, and it lived on the roster for just a month.
Johnson also collects his second ruler on the Digital Song Sales chart this week. “I’m Gonna Love You” follows a few years behind his own “‘Til You Can’t,” which dominated the purchase-only tally in March 2022—well over half a year after the track debuted the June prior.
“I’m Gonna Love You” marks Underwood’s nineteenth top 10 hit on the sales ranking. Johnson has now snagged just three such wins. In fact, Johnson has only sent half a dozen tunes to the entire Digital Song Sales ranking—only one-third of Underwood’s total accumulation of top 10s.
Underwood and Johnson beat several new arrivals from a number of well-known musical stars to reach the summit on the sales chart. The country artists beat just-shared singles from names like The Weeknd, Playboi Carti, Stevie Nicks, and newcomer Max McNown.
As it opens atop the Digital Song Sales list, “I’m Gonna Love You” also hits several other charts. The collaboration launches inside the top 10 on just two rankings, and both track purchases. The tune is also new at No. 1 on the Country Digital Song Sales roster.