UPDATED 5/4/24, 2:44 p.m. ET: A source close to Drake denies the rapper is hiding a daughter, an allegation Kendrick Lamar makes on "Meet The Grahams."
On Saturday, TMZ reported that a source told the outlet the claim is nothing but “utter fabrication.” The source added that K. Dot is now losing the battle, as he’s using false information as ammo.
Drake previously denied the claim on his Instagram Stories.
"Hold on can someone find my hidden daughter pls and send her to me ... these guys are in shambles," he wrote after Kendrick's latest diss track was released.
See original story below.
Kendrick Lamar fired off another diss track titled "Meet the Grahams" just minutes after Drake unleashed his explosive response "Family Matters."
On Friday night, as fans were just consuming the 6 God's fiery "Family Matters," Kendrick rained all over Drake's parade. The song has four verses and in each verse Kendrick speaks directly a member of Drake's family, starting with his son, Adonis, then his mother, his father, his alleged daughter, and finally Drake himself.
Graham, is, of course, Drake's last name.
The most shocking member of Drake's family that Kendrick talks to is a daughter that the Toronto megastar is allegedly hiding. Kendrick's wording suggests the girl is at least 11 years old.
Drake, however, was confused about Kendrick's claims and took to IG to say that he has no idea what the Compton rapper is talking about.
"Hold on can someone find my hidden daughter pls and send her to me ... these guys are in shambles," he wrote, adding laughing emojis for good measure.
In any case, listen to Kendrick's response to Drake's "Family Matters" below.
Beyond the daughter revelation, the artwork for "Meet the Grahams" is notable. It features the same Maybach gloves Kendrick used on "6:16 In LA," but the photo is more zoomed out and shows two bottles of pills, receipts, and other items that allegedly belong to Drake.
In the song's second verse, Kendrick talks to Drake's parents and attacks Drake's character, calling him a manipulator, a gambling addict, and compares him to Harvey Weinstein:
He ends that verse suggesting "The Embassy" (a nickname for Drake's house) will get raided soon.
Kendrick ends the song addressing Drake directly:
Before Kendrick stole the show, Drake's "Family Matters" was picking up steam on social media. The 7-minute diss track finds Drake taking aim at Kendrick. He dropped off a music video where a maroon mini-van, a reference to the Dodge van on the cover of Kendrick's 2012 major label debut album, good kid, m.A.A.c city, gets destroyed at a junkyard.
The song itself finds Drake dishing out several bars to K.Dot in which he claims that he beat his wife, cheated on her, and his longtime friend Dave Free might be the father to one of his children.
"You the black messiah wifin' up a mixed queen/And hit vanilla cream to help out with your self-esteem/On some Bobby shit I wanna know what Whitney need," Drake raps on the diss track. "They hired a crisis management team to clean up the fact that you beat on your queen/The picture you painted ain't what it seems."
Kendrick wasn't the only one who got dissed on the song. Drizzy also fired a round of shots at The Weeknd, Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, and A$AP Rocky.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Was Kendrick Lamar Referencing Drake's 2022 European Vacation in the Opening Bars of "6:16 In LA"?
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake Claims Kendrick Lamar Beat His Wife on New Diss Track "Family Matters"
music | BY tara mahadevan
Fans React to Kendrick Lamar's Latest Drake Diss Track "6:16 In LA"
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.