The pair previously collaborated on "Popular" featuring Madonna
Todd Williamson/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty; Prince Williams/Wireimage
 The Weeknd and Playboi Carti join forces once more for their latest collaboration, "Timeless."

 The Canadian singer-songwriter (whose real name is Abel Tesfaye), 34, recently performed "Timeless" at his sold-out show in Sao Paulo supporting global hunger relief. The historic gig came after he revealed the title and album artwork for his forthcoming album, Hurry Up Tomorrow.

 "Timeless," released on Friday, Sept. 27, is a blend of The Weeknd's synth-heavy throwback sound and Carti's more downtempo trap leanings. Previously, the R&B hitmaker released his single “Dancing in the Flames." Hurry Up Tomorrow does not have a release date attached currently, and the singer has remained cryptic about any further details on the album.

 Carti is also gearing up for his highly anticipated follow-up to 2020's Whole Lotta Red. His forthcoming third studio album, I Am Music, is supported by his Sept. 13 single "All Red." Previous iterations of the album's title include Narcissist and Music.

 Prior to this, the two also joined forces on "Popular" featuring Madonna, the second single for the "I Can't Feel My Face" singer's HBO drama, The Idol. .

 The Weeknd (né Abel Tesfaye) dropped the song, from HBO's The Idol, in June 2023. However, Madonna has now revealed that the trio also collaborated on an official music video, which was released this week in Fortnite's Fortnite Festival game mode.

 The full soundtrack for The Idol was eventually scrapped and the show itself was not renewed for a second season.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories. 

Wagner Meier/Getty
 Earlier this month, The Weeknd performed a one-night-only exclusive stadium concert in Sao Paulo. The concert, produced by Live Nation, was held at the largest privately owned stadium in Brazil, Estaìdio MorumBIS.

 This concert was the star's first since he wrapped up his 2022-2023 After Hours Til Dawn Tour, which had a long run across North America, Europe, the U.K. and Latin America. The tour featured over 60 sold-out stadium shows with over three million attendees. It broke several venue records, including having the biggest two-day attendance at London Stadium and the biggest single-day attendance at Estádio Nilton Santos in Brazil, boasting over 70,000 attendees.

 The Weeknd's latest album, 2022's Dawn FM, debuted at number two on the Billboard Top 200.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)