ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 12: Jennie aka Jennie Kim of girl group BLACKPINK poses for media the ... More Porsche Sonderwunsch Haus 'The Taycan 4S Cross Turismo For Jennie Ruby Jane' edition unveiling event at Porsche Sonderwunsch Haus on October 12, 2022 in Seoul, South Korea. (Photo by Han Myung-Gu/WireImage)
Blackpink singer Jennie scored the hit of her solo career with “One of the Girls,” which was fronted by The Weeknd. The tune, which also credits actor Lily Rose Depp, was a hit on the charts, and now it’s earned a special honor…one which helps Jennie make history.
“One of the Girls” has been certified platinum by the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America). Songs and albums earn that distinction once they’ve shifted at least one million units in the U.S., between sales and streaming equivalents.
Jennie earns her first platinum certification as “One of the Girls” collects its plaque. Her win is bigger than just one musician’s catalog, though.
The Blackpink star is now the first South Korean solo musician to score a platinum single in the U.S. Very few artists working on their own from the Asian nation have managed to land even one certification in America, and now a female star has finally managed the feat.
Several other soloists from South Korea, such as Psy and a few members of BTS, have also seen one of their tunes go platinum. At the moment, it appears that fewer than five solo acts from that part of the world have landed this type of award in America.
As a member of Blackpink, Jennie already has a gold single to her name. The girl group’s “Ddu-Du Ddu-Du” was certified gold for moving half a million units in the summer of 2019. Since then, none of the group’s albums or tunes have snagged any honors from the RIAA, though that will likely change in time.
“One of the Girls” was released in June 2023 as part of a short collection fronted by The Weeknd. The tune was created for his TV show The Idol, which lived a short life on HBO. The single peaked at No. 51 on the Hot 100, and rose to higher spaces on a number of other Billboard rankings.