e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
A historic megamansion in Bel-Air known as “Casa Encantada” in the top, ultra-luxury market in the United States is on the market for $195 million.
This property, previously owned by hotel magnate Conrad Hilton, is one of the most expensive homes publicly for sale in Southern California. If it fetches that ask, it will be the third most expensive home sold in California.
In May 2023, Beyoncé and Jay-Z bought a 30,000-square-foot Malibu home on 8 acres for $200 million in the Paradise Cove Bluffs neighborhood. Oakley founder James Jannard sold for $210 million a 15,000-square-foot Malibu mansion on 9 acres near El Pescador State Beach in June 2024.
According to a recent Compass report, the ultra-luxury market is driven by the wealthiest 1% who seek these “properties as safe investments against inflation.” Often, these are all-cash transactions.
The report, which focused on the ultra-luxury segment, highlighted the greater Los Angeles area, which recorded 134 sales of homes priced at $10 million or more with a total sales volume of $2.67 billion. Neighboring Orange County ranked 5th in the U.S. overall with 51 homes sold and 6th in sales volume at $739.37 million.
Mega-deals aside, California has a high concentration of ultra-luxury homes on the market.
The Southern California News Group has compiled the priciest homes for sale in Ventura, L.A., Orange, San Bernardino and Riverside counties. These five homes are arranged from most to least expensive, according to Homes.com.
Los Angeles County, $195 million
This 40,000-square-foot estate in Los Angeles is called Casa Encantada. Constructed in 1937 by renowned architect James E. Dolena, it has been meticulously restored by luxury architect Peter Marino in the original Deco Hollywood style of interior designer T.H. Robjohns-Gibbons.
Perched on an 8.4-acre promontory overlooking the golf course at Bel-Air Country Club and surrounded by a paved road.
Once owned by the late hotel magnate Conrad Hilton, the main house opens into a grand foyer with a sweeping staircase. Beyond are two dining rooms, a walnut-paneled library, and two living rooms, including one with an Art Deco lucite bar. The upstairs primary suite features two sitting rooms, a spacious bedroom, and double marble bathrooms and closets. There are seven bedrooms and 20 bathrooms, as well as a beauty salon and wellness areas such as a gym, massage room and sauna.
Outdoor amenities include a pool, spa, and pool pavilion that can double as a screening room. A tiled 60-foot pool, a north-to-south oriented tennis court with a viewing pavilion, a sports court and a putting green add to the lush park-like grounds initially designed by landscape architect Benjamin Purdy.
The grounds include water features, sculptures, animal topiaries and gardens designated for roses, vegetables and herbs, and tropical plants.
Listing agent: Josh Flagg of Compass and Kurt Rappaport of Westside Estate Agency
Orange County, $150 million
The 42-acre property in San Juan Capistrano, known as “Casa Grande,” comprises a 21,000-square-foot building with three apartments, offices and storage spaces completed in 2010. The property has permitted plans for a 38,000-square-foot primary residence on the ridgeline, offering 360-degree views. There are also plans for two 10,000-square-foot guest houses and quarters for the existing avocado and citrus growing operation, now transitioning to agave.
The future residences are covered under Proposition 13, while the agribusiness is taxed under the Williamson Act, which provides reduced property tax savings based on production. A barn, stable for up to 10 horses and distillery were also approved as part of the offer.
Listing agents: John Stanaland, Bradley Feldman and David Stoll of Douglas Elliman Real Estate
Ventura County, $42 million
This Malibu residence was designed by architect Edward R. Niles and inspired by the Guggenheim and Broad museums. It has a modern glass and steel design and comes with state-of-the-art amenities. With a focus on feng shui, it ensures a balance between the built and natural world and is engineered to withstand whatever nature throws at it.
This 8,206-square-foot residence has five bedrooms and seven bathrooms. The main home’s open-plan layout can accommodate up to 100 guests. Amenities include a stainless steel Japanese soaking tub, a music room and a home theater.
There is also a detached one-bedroom, one-bathroom guest house.
The property has 75 feet of beachfront, including the Harrison Reef tide pool. It was first listed in March 2023 for $68.8 million and then dropped to $59.5 million in August 2023, $57.5 million in January 2024 and to its current asking price of $42 million in May.
Listing agents: Madison Hildebrand and Jennifer Chrisman of Compass and Wendy Wong and Katherine Quach of Treeline Realty and Investment
Riverside County, $36 million
Merv Griffin built this expansive 39-acre estate in La Quinta in the late 1980s. During its construction, the main house suffered fire damage and had to be rebuilt.
The Moroccan-inspired residence spans 5,409 square. Sited behind gates and a 12-foot perimeter wall, the property features an artificial 2.5-acre lagoon, an infinity pool and four 500-square-foot circular guesthouses, each with one bedroom and one bathroom.
The estate also boasts equestrian facilities, including a racetrack, multiple paddocks and a stable where Griffin housed more than 50 horses at a time, as he wrote in “Merv: Making the Good Life Last.”
Two buildings on the property provide living quarters for staff, making for a total of 13 bedrooms and 12 bathrooms throughout the entire compound.
A potable well sustains the property, which includes water rights.
Listing agents: Zach Goldsmith and Mauricio Umanksy of The Agency
San Bernardino County, $17.95 million
“American Psycho” producer Chris Hanley and his wife, Roberta, have relisted their “Invisible House.” The 225-foot-long cantilever abode was designed by Hanley and Frank Gehry collaborator Tomas Osinki to disappear in the rocky desert landscape that surrounds it.
Built on nearly 70 acres next to Joshua Tree National Park in 2019, the rectangular mirror home spans 5,490 square feet with three bedrooms, four bathrooms and a 100-foot-long indoor solar-heated pool. Other features include floor-to-ceiling glass, an eat-in kitchen and a primary suite with sliding glazed walls that open to the desert.
The home was previously listed for $18 million and operated as a short-term rental. It appeared on the Netflix series “The World’s Most Amazing Vacation Rentals,” hosted Demi Lovato and was animated in the “Save Your Tears” music video by the Weeknd and Ariana Grande.
Listing agents: Aaron Kirman and Matt Adamo of Christie’s International Real Estate Southern California
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group