Who are the most popular artists to get it on to? (Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images for dcp)
Who do you think are the most popular artists to get it on to? A new study has the answers and it sounds about right.
Some people like getting busy to some music. It's understandable. It can set the mood and cover up any weird sounds that you might make. It can also fill that awkward silence allowing you to both focus on the task at hand.
When you think about famous songs to get it on to, you probably think of artists like Marvin Gaye or Barry White. They may have been the go-to choice at one point, but things are different now in 2024. Sure, those will still be the go-to songs in movies to display what's happening, but that's not what we're choosing to play anymore during love making sessions, per ZipHealth.
According to ZipHealth, the most popular artists to get it on to are The Weeknd, Kanye West, and Deftones. Okay, okay. I can understand The Weeknd and Deftones, those are definitely choices for certain people. I don't know if I've ever wanted to play Kanye during sex. I'm trying to think of which one of his songs would be good for bedroom play and I'm racking my brain. However, I have to admit The Weeknd probably does, indeed, deserve that top spot. He's got songs like "Often" and "The Hills" that can be good for setting the mood. Honestly, his whole catalogue is filled with songs that you can get it on to. If you didn't know you ought to check it out.
While The Weeknd is the most popular artist on people's sex playlist, the most popular song isn't actually one of his. According to ZipHealth, the most popular song on sex playlists is "Super Freaky Girl" by Nicki Minaj. ZipHealth reports that 68% of people say that listening to music while having sex will help reduce performance anxiety and 63% say it helps them last longer in the bedroom.
The ZipHealth study had some other interesting findings like people who listen to rap and hip-hop have the longest duration while people who listen to EDM have the shortest sessions in the bedroom. You can read more on the new survey at ZipHealth.
Nine Inch Nails "Closer" is another popular choice and would be included on my playlist. Usher has some quality R&B hits if that's your preferred genre. What do you think is the best song or artist to get it on to?
On Dave And Chuck The Freak, we talk about all sorts of content. We'll talk trending stories, celebrity news, idiot criminals, and more. Something that seems to come up every day in one way or another? Sex. Here are 7 Dave and Chuck The Freak Peep Show videos about sex!
We've curated some of the funniest Peep Show videos of the gang discussing sex, or some sort of sex related topic. Of course, they're all hilarious.
Note, these conversations about sex aren't your typical sex talks. It's all done in typical Dave And Chuck The Freak fashion. In these videos, you'll be able to watch Dave And Chuck The Freak talk about wild sex stories, talk to sex workers, talk about toys, share some secrets, and more!
Hopefully, these hilarious videos will not only entertain you, but you might learn something, as well! If there's any topic to familiarize yourself with, this could be the one. You don't want to fall behind on the latest trends and happenings in the world of sex. It might not help your reputation.
Don't follow Dave And Chuck The Freak on YouTube? You're missing out. You can catch up on daily additions of The Peep Show and other funny content there. Don't forget, you can also follow Dave And Chuck The Freak on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and TikTok. Additionally, you can follow along with some of the show's topics and conversations at DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com! Make sure to bookmark that page so you can always come back and catch up on the latest stories you heard on the show. Whenever you hear Dave say, "it's up now at DaveAndChuckTheFreak.com," it really is!
Here we go! Check out 7 Dave And Chuck The Freak Peep Show videos about sex below!
Dave & Chuck the Freak received an e-mail from some college roommates who are trying to figure out the best way to discreetly alert one another that there is a girl over and Chuck shares what him and his radio buddies used to do. He shares his secrets! Take notes. Check it out!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a Russian woman who was caught on CCTV testing out a sex toy in a sex shop. You can't do that! Not in Russia. Not in America. That's illegal just about everywhere. Watch the video!
Dave & Chuck the Freak talk about a stripper who is selling her used, smelly items online and ask listeners to call-in and share stories about the used sexual item they have purchased from someone. This is unbelievable. Laughs guaranteed on this one. Watch the above video!
Dave & Chuck the Freak ask female listeners to call-in and share the craziest sexual fantasies they have but haven't been able to fulfill. Fellas--take notes! These could be happening to you! Of course, if you're into that kind of stuff. Check out some of the examples!
Dave & Chuck The Freak talk to Tammy The Adult Store Manager. She shares all sorts of insights from the business. Turns out, it's just as wild and crazy as we imagined! Check out what she has to say above. Boy, it's a lot!
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!