ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TOKYO, JAPAN - NOVEMBER 20:  Taylor Swift performs at Taylor Swift reputation Stadium Tour in Japan ... More presented by Fujifilm instax at Tokyo Dome on November 20, 2018 in Tokyo, Japan.  (Photo by Jun Sato/TAS18/Getty Images)
Taylor Swift makes history on Billboard’s Adult Pop Airplay chart this week. In fact, she manages to do so in several manners, and with two different hits, which are both performing well at the same time.
As her single “Cruel Summer” rules again, Swift earns a new top 10 hit on this week’s Adult Pop Airplay chart. Her new focus, “Is It Over Now?,” lifts from No. 11 to No. 8, breaking into the highest tier for the first time.
As "Is It Over Now?" jumps into the top 10, Swift hits a special milestone. The 1989 (Taylor’s Version) single is the singer-songwriter’s thirtieth track to find its way into the highest tier on the tally, which tracks the most successful songs at a more mature-leaning form of pop radio in the U.S., known simply as “adult pop.”
With one more placement inside the loftiest space on the Adult Pop Airplay chart, Swift furthers her lead over all other musicians for the most top 10s in the history of the tally. According to Billboard, Maroon 5 claims the second-most appearances between Nos. 1 and 10, with 27. Pink comes in third—second when looking only at women—with an even 20.
As Swift proves she’s the most successful artist on the Adult Pop Airplay chart—at least when looking at who has pushed the most songs into the top 10—she makes history in another way as well. Her single “Cruel Summer” has now led the charge for 20 weeks, which is enough for the singer to tie for the third-longest reign ever.
Currently, Swift is tied with The Weeknd, whose “Blinding Lights” also ruled the Adult Pop Airplay chart for 20 weeks. Santana and Rob Thomas’ “Smooth” leads all hits, with 25 weeks spent at No. 1. The Calling’s “Wherever You Will Go” is in second place on this specific ranking, with 23 turns atop the radio list.