Photo: Getty Images
The Weeknd is making his comeback to Hollywood in a brand-new film inspired by his upcoming album. On Monday, November 4, Deadline confirmed that Lionsgate will distribute the global theatrical release of Abel Tesfaye's new film Hurry Up Tomorrow. Tesfaye will star in the psychological thriller alongside other popular names like Jenna Ortega and Barry Keoghan. The artist's film and television company Manic Phase and Reza Fahim will produce the film while Ortega, writer and director Trey Edward Shults, Michael Rapino, Ryan Kroft, Wassim “Sal” Slaiby, and Harrison Huffman will serve as executive producers. The film will act as an extension of his long-awaited album of the same name. 
Hurry Up Tomorrow will be Tesfaye's official feature film debut following his HBO series "The Idol" and his cameo in Adam Sandler's 2019 movie Uncut Gems. The film was announced last year right before filming wrapped up. Tesfaye and Shults, who will direct the film, wrote the script together months before Ortega and Keoghan signed on. The "Wednesday" star and the Saltburn actor were reportedly "blown away" by the script and did everything they could to be involved in the film. "Well, what I can say about Abel is he’s genuinely such a sweetheart,” Ortega told ET Canada during an interview last year. "I was instantly comfortable. He’s just very respectful and very collaborative... The team on that project is really, really wonderful. And I think that, you know, sometimes you don’t really know how much you can say, but they’ve all been immensely collaborative and wanting to know my voice and my opinion. And that’s always a really wonderful feeling when you’re stepping onto a set for the first time.”As of this report, the release date for the film has not been revealed. It's possible that it could arrive on the same day as The Weeknd's forthcoming LP. The album will serve as the final installment of his trilogy following his 2020 album After Hours and his 2022 LP Dawn FM. So far, Tesfaye has released several singles from the project including "Dancing In The Flames," "Timeless" featuring Playboi Carti and "Sao Paulo" featuring Anitta.