It was originally set to premiere in April next year
The upcoming Michael Jackson biopic has been delayed to 2025 – find out more below.
Michael, Antoine Fuqua’s next project for Lionsgate, was originally set for an April 2025 release in the United States. Now, Deadline has confirmed that Lionsgate has pushed back the release of the anticipated biopic in order to position the film “in the awards corridor”.
The film now has an October 3 release date in the United States, with global premiere dates yet to be announced. Michael is due to be distributed globally by Universal Pictures.
So far, limited information about the film has been made public. Its first trailer was revealed to critics at CinemaCon in April and was reportedly well received, but has yet to be released to the public.
Michael Jackson performs before an estimated audience of 60,000 in Brunei on July 16, 1996. (Photo credit should read FRANCIS Sylvain/AFP via Getty Images)
Producer Graham King confirmed in April this year that the project was at the midway point of production. “We are incredibly proud of this movie. I’m looking forward to giving to the audience a film like they’ve never seen before,” King said.
He also shared: “When you mention his name, everyone has an opinion. For the first time… generations of moviegoers will come together to experience an inside look at the most prolific artist who ever lived.”
The film – which will tell the story of the life and career of Michael Jackson – will star Michael Jackson’s own nephew, Jaafar Jackson in the lead role. Other actors attached to the film include Colman Domingo as Joe Jackson and Miles Teller as manager John Branca.
The Vampire Diaries star Kat Graham will portray the iconic Diana Ross. Portraying industry titan Quincy Jones – who died earlier this week – will be Insecure‘s Kendrick Sampson.
So far, only one image from the film has been released, and sees Jaafar Jackson sporting one Michael’s most iconic looks. You can see the image below.
Jaafar Jackson as Michael Jackson in ‘MICHAEL’. Photo Credit: Kevin Mazur
News of the film’s delay comes just days after Quincy Jones, who had co-produced Michael Jackson’s iconic ‘Thriller’ album, died at the age of 91.
Following Jones’ death, numerous musical greats including Paul McCartney, Stevie Wonder and Celine Dion have paid tribute to the legendary producer.
In other musical film news, it was recently revealed that The Weeknd’s upcoming movie with Jenna Ortega and Barry Keoghan will tie into the Canadian musician’s upcoming record ‘Hurry Up Tomorrow’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.