The pop superstar released her seventh album on March 8.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Ariana Grande‘s just-released album, Eternal Sunshine, is already setting records. On Saturday (March 9), Spotify announced through social media that the project is the company’s most-streamed album in a single day in 2024 so far.

	The 30-year-old Wicked star unveiled Eternal Sunshine, her seventh album, on Friday (March 8), marking her first full-length since 2020’s Grammy-nominated Positions, which spent two weeks at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart.

	Grande entered the Eternal Sunshine era back in January with the release of lead single “Yes, And?” That Max Martin-producer dancefloor-ready banger used house music to kiss off her haters and shimmy to the top of the Billboard Hot 100. Five weeks later, Grande’s latest Hot 100 chart-topper — her eighth overall and sixth to debut in the pole position — received a remix from none other than Mariah Carey.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	She has earned eight No. 1 singles on the Hot 100, including “Thank U, Next” (seven weeks), “Save Your Tears” (with The Weeknd, two weeks) and the eight-week leader “7 Rings.” On the Billboard 200, the multi-hyphenate has sent five titles to the chart’s summit, including 2013’s Yours Truly, 2014’s My Everything, 2018’s Sweetener and 2020’s Positions.

	In celebration of Eternal Sunshine‘s release, Grande will perform on Saturday Night Live this weekend as the Josh Brolin-hosted episode’s musical guest. Along with the album, she dropped the music video for her next single “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)” on Friday.

	Grande is no stranger to receiving accolades from Spotify. Earlier this year, she reflected on the stories behind all 14 of her hits that earned a billion streams on Spotify — the most of any female artist in history.

	“thank you so much @spotify for this incredible honor and celebration !” the Victorious album captioned a video on Instagram, in which she shared stories about such hits as “Bang Bang,” “Rain On Me” and “Save Your Tears.” “filming this little episode was such a sweet little commemoration and gratitude meltdown, if you will !!!!! i wasn’t expecting to get emotional but it really, truly hit me!”

	










	See Spotify’s Eternal Sunshine announcement on Instagram below.
A post shared by Spotify (@spotify)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.