Applause

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Iconic pop sensation Lady Gaga has announced that she'll be coming to Fortnite Festival. 
The world-renowned songstress shared a striking image on Twitter / X which showed a silhouette of her illuminated by mysterious purple lighting. The post was a direct response to a viral tweet from herself five years ago, where she famously asked, "What's fortnight [sic]?"  
At time of writing, the initial post has over 194,000 reposts and over 870,000 likes. 
In her latest post, Gaga shared the new image from Fortnite Festival along with the simple correction: "*fortnite." This hilarious and good-humored answer to the viral post from five years ago has already garnered over 300,000 likes on the site.
*fortnite https://t.co/1FwPHmMfRJ pic.twitter.com/9BSG6S23zhFebruary 20, 2024
Fornite Festival is a rhythm game which, though tied into the Fortnite battle royale experience, very much offers its own distinctive game mode. 
In light of Gaga's social media post, it seems that the singer and songwriter will be headlining the next season of Fortnite Festival, which is set to begin tomorrow (February 22). The debut season was headed up by The Weeknd, whose songs were available to play, and a range of The Weeknd-themed cosmetics were available in the item shop. 
We don't yet know if Lady Gaga's inclusion will be on the same level as what we saw with The Weeknd, but the American pop idol will certainly be featuring in Fortnite Festival's second season in a big way.
Sign up for breaking news, reviews, opinion, top tech deals, and more.
If you're looking to get the most out of Fortnite Festival, we recommend looking at the PDP Riffmaster peripheral which our hardware editor Rhys Wood calls the "ideal way to play." Using a controller or mouse and keyboard can be difficult due to Fortnite Festival's horizontal button layout, but the PDP Riffmaster looks like it will offer a tempting alternative.
In other Fortnite news, it's been confirmed that the rumored collaboration with British sci-fi TV show Doctor Who is a "complete myth" according to showrunner Russell T. Davies.
Looking for more exciting titles? Check out our lists of the best Xbox Series X games and the best PS5 games.
An editor and freelance journalist, Cat Bussell has been writing about video games for more than four years and, frankly, she’s developed a taste for it. As seen on TechRadar, Technopedia, The Gamer, Wargamer, and SUPERJUMP, Cat’s reviews, features, and guides are lovingly curated for your reading pleasure.
A Cambridge graduate, recovering bartender, and Cloud Strife enjoyer, Cat’s foremost mission is to bring you the best coverage she can, whether that’s through helpful guides, even-handed reviews, or thought-provoking features. She’s interviewed indie darlings, triple-A greats, and legendary voice actors, all to help you get closer to the action. When she’s not writing, Cat can be found sticking her neck into a fresh RPG or running yet another Dungeons & Dragons game. 

TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.