It's been over 15 years since they first linked up for "Bria's Interlude." 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	The world knows many things about Drake, including that he loves to go all out for his birthday. This year, he celebrated his 38th trip around the sun by reuniting with Omarion and engaging in a dance battle.

	The 6 God traveled to his adopted hometown of Houston to host a birthday bash at Escape Nightclub. The “Ice Box” singer was a surprise musical guest at the event, and made his appearance worthwhile by performing some of his classic records, including his “Bria’s Interlude” collaboration with Drizzy from his breakthrough 2009 mixtape So Far Gone.

	










	At one point, while performing “Touch,” O got to popping and locking. He even included the Toronto superstar in his routine by pretending to remove his heart. The For All The Dogs rapper then got into his own moves before they both laughed and embraced. “I will dance battle the f**k out of you,” Drake said. Watch below.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	At another point in the evening, Omarion recalled how he and Drake first collaborated back in 2009. “I was walking through the lobby,” O said. “40 was like ‘Yo, O. Man, we working on this So Far Gone mixtape.’ And I’m like ‘Wassup?’ And we cut this sh*t right here.” Their track “Bria’s Interlude” began to play and the SexSonics artist asked the crowd “Y’all remember this sh*t right here?” before he started singing his verse.

	The father of one sang a portion before giving Omarion his flowers. “Aye, listen to this,” he began. “This is one of the first people to ever support me in my career. Like, So Far Gone times. Shout out to O. Humble beginnings. Thank you for trusting in us, believing in us. And being here.” 

	Drake was in great spirits, despite the odds against him this year. From March to this past May, the five-time Grammy winner took on Kendrick Lamar, Future, Metro Boomin, Rick Ross, The Weeknd, and A$AP Rocky. While he successfully dispatched the majority of them, K. Dot’s barrage of records and commercial performance made him the second rapper to defeat Drake in a rap beef.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.