By 

	Tomás Mier


	Is Confessions on a Dance Floor Madonna back? After wrapping up her ultra-successful Celebration Tour this year, Madonna said in a social media post Monday that she’s ready to start 2025 with a new era of music. And she’s brought an old collaborator with her.

	“Working on new music with Stuart Price,” Madonna captioned on an Instagram Reel of the two in the studio. Price was the lead producer on 2005’s Confessions on a Dance Floor, her beloved 10th album. “These past few months [have] been medicine for my SOUL.”

	“Songwriting and making music is the one area where I don’t need to ask anyone for their permission,” she added. “I’m so excited to share it with you. Who wants to hear new music in 2025!”

	Madonna recently reconnected with Price to be the musical director of the Celebration Tour. Years prior, Price helped make all of Confessions on a Dance Floor, which included massive songs from Madge, including “Hung Up,” “Get Together,” and “Jump.”

	The album earned her a Grammy in 2007 for Best Electronic/Dance Album. The film for that LP’s tour, The Confessions Tour, earned her last Grammy win, which earned the trophy for Best Long Form Music Video the following year.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Toby Keith's Horse Raced in the Kentucky Derby: How Did Render Judgment Do?		
	








	Outside of his work with Madge, Price was one of the producers for hit tracks from Dua Lipa’s Future Nostalgia in 2020, including “Levitating” and “Hallucinate.” He also produced several tracks from Jessie Ware’s That! Feels Good! in 2023.

	Madonna’s last music drops came in 2023 when she joined the Weeknd and Playboi Carti on The Idol’s “Popular,” dueted with Sam Smith on “Vulgar,” and joined Blond:Ish on “Sorry.” Her 14th studio album arrived in 2019 with Madame X, which featured collaborations with Maluma, Anitta, and Quavo.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.