August 7, 2024, 1:18 PM · 

The Weeknd wraps the haunted house line-up for this year's Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood.
The award-winning musical artists returns to Halloween Horror Nights this year with The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy, which will take over Stage 15 on the Lower Lot, which was the location for the Stranger Things 4 house last year. The Weeknd previously collaborated with Universal on The Weeknd: After Hours Nightmare, which appeared in Hollywood and Universal Studios Florida in Orlando in 2022. Here is Universal's hype video:
Universal today also confirmed that the theme for this year's return of Terror Tram will be "Enter the Blumhouse," featuring characters from M3GAN, The Black Phone, Freaky, The Purge, and Happy Death Day when riders step off the tram on the Universal backlot. (The Jupiter’s Claim set from Nope this year will be limited to guests on RIP tours.)
In addition, The Purge: Dangerous Waters show will return to the WaterWorld theater. The stunt show premiered at last year's Halloween Horror Nights in Hollywood. 
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy is the eighth house announced for this year's after-hours haunt event, completing the line-up in Hollywood. The other houses at Universal Studios Hollywood will be:A Quiet PlaceGhostbusters: Frozen EmpireInsidious: The FurtherUniversal Monsters: Eternal BloodlinesThe Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of LeatherfaceMonstruos 2: The Nightmares of Latin AmericaDead Exposure: Death Valley
The first four on that list also will appear at Universal Orlando's Halloween Horror Nights. Scare zones in Hollywood this year will be:Luchadores Monstruosos (at the exit of Monstruos 2)Chainsaw PunkzSkull LordzMurder of Crowz
Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood begins Thursday, September 5 and continues select nights through Sunday, November 3. Tickets are now available on our partner's Universal Studios Hollywood tickets page. The "Halloween Horror Nights - 2PM Day/Night Ticket" also includes admission to Super Nintendo World after Horror Nights starts at 7pm, until 10pm, as well as early access to select houses, starting at 5:30pm.
To keep up to date with more theme park news, please sign up for Theme Park Insider's weekly newsletter.
This article has been archived and is no longer accepting comments.