July 16, 2024
11:45 AM
Ibra Wane
Anthony Ebuka Victor, formally known as Victony, is an emerging Nigerian singer-songwriter and rapper making significant waves in the global music scene. As the Afrobeats movement continues to capture the hearts of listeners worldwide, Victony has become one of the standout artists in the industry with his innovative cross-genre appeal, unique sound, and impactful artistry.
The Imo State native always had a strong passion for music or anything music-related, even with no musical background. “Up until I got into university, I was just writing songs and just hoping that I get to record them someday. When I got into university, I had the opportunity to visit a studio in school,” he tells BET. 
“I started doing covers and just developing a small community on Instagram and my school environment as well because I put out a couple of songs on Soundcloud and I got good comments on those songs,” he added. “That kind of encouraged me to release my own music sometime in 2019. I didn't have any producers to work with, so I’d just go online and download beats and record them. In 2020, I started recording my own original songs. Then, I put together an EP and it was pretty much the start of everything.” 
In 2022, Victony released his hit single "Soweto," featuring Tempoe as the debut single off his Outlaw EP. It went viral on TikTok and gained over 114 million streams and over 119 million views on YouTube. A year later, he released a remix with Rema and Don Toliver that peaked on the Billboard charts. “To be honest, I never saw this coming. I was surprised,” he said of the single’s success.
In June 2024, Victony released his debut album, Stubborn. The 14-track project included collaborations from Shorae Moore, Shallipopi, SAINt JHN, Teezo Touchdown, Asake, and KTIZO. “It's my first album, so you know it automatically takes me to a new space in the industry and just gives people the opportunity to know me better. It is already starting to happen so it's exciting,” he said.
The 23-year-old reveals that the inspiration behind the album is his life and where he comes from. “Everything we had to go through and every odds that we fought against to be here, it's kind of like me just beating myself up, you know? Like, giving myself some accolades. As someone who's stubborn, coming from somewhere that I didn't necessarily get many opportunities, you know, just staying true and believing in my dreams and just knowing that I was going to be here, that's really what it's about,” he explains. 
Victony will also be hitting the road soon with the “Stubborn North American Tour” in support of the album. The trek begins Aug. 6 in Boston, with stops in New York, Washington, D.C., Toronto, Atlanta, Dallas, Houston, and the last stop in Los Angeles on Aug. 23. “The tour is going to be fun,” he says. “This is my first time touring, so I'm excited. And the fans should be excited as well. I'm about to be outside, for real. They’ll get to know me on a much more deeper level. So I know the tour holds great stuff and really going to be a good one.”
Following his successful collaborations with Burna Boy and Mayorkun, just to name a few, Victony says he dreams of working with The Weeknd. “He's one of the most versatile artists that I know,” he says of the Grammy Award winner. “He’s shown ways that you can use your voice in different genres and maintain it that lets people know that's you. But obviously, you're still able to express your versatility. I really want to work with him.” Victony adds that he also wants to work with Drake. “He’s one of my early inspirations.”
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.