Brooklyn Peltz Beckham revealed how he and his wife Nicola Peltz Beckham spend date nights with Selena Gomez and her boyfriend Benny Blanco.
Brooklyn Peltz Beckham knows how to whip up some delightful date nights.
After all, David Beckham and Victoria Beckham's eldest son shared insight into his and his wife Nicola Peltz Beckham's nights in with pals Selena Gomez and her boyfriend Benny Blanco.
"I love them both," Brooklyn, 25, said on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen After Show Nov. 4. "They're both so amazing. We've gone on a few double dates with them. Me and Benny cook and Selena and Nicola just sit and wait."
As for what's on the menu? "He makes a really good cheeseburger," he said of the music producer. "For the girls, they have pasta and fish sometimes. Whatever they're feeling."
Selena, 32, and Benny, 36, who began dating last July, have made sure to take some time for date nights since debuting their relationship. Most recently, the "Eastside" artist was the Only Murders in the Building star's plus-one for the Rare Impact Fund Benefit Oct. 24. Benny has also been there to cheer her on at other events, including the 2024 Emmys and 2024 Golden Globes.
And despite prying eyes, the couple is only focused on each other when it comes to their relationship. “We always make sure we’re protecting what we have, but there’s no rules,” Selena told Vanity Fair in September. “I want him to always be himself. I always want to be myself.”
Because for the “Single Soon” singer, Benny has been exactly what she needed in a partner. 
“I’ve never been loved this way,” she explained. “He’s just been a light. A complete light in my life. He’s my best friend. I love telling him everything.”
It’s a point Selena, who previously dated Justin Bieber and The Weeknd, emphasized about their romance before. 
"I think it's just really important to meet someone that respects you," she told Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1 in February. "And I think it's really nice to also lean on someone who understands the world that I live in." 
"I'd have to say overall, it's the safest that I feel," she admitted. "It's been really lovely and I've only grown through it, so it's awesome."
Meanwhile, Benny is looking forward to the future with Selena, which he hopes includes a growing family.
"I want to have kids," he said on The Howard Stern Show in May. "That's the next goal, to check the box. I have a ton of godkids, I've got a ton of nephews. I love being around kids." 
“When I do look at her," he reflected, "I'm always like, ‘I don't know a world where it could be better than this.'”
Now, keep reading to see how Selena and Benny have continued to love each other like a love song, baby.
(E! News and Bravo are part of the NBCUniversal family.)
Blossoming Romance
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco began dating in July 2023, around Selena's birthday, Benny said on the Howard Stern Show in May 2024.
But they only began to spark romance rumors in late 2023. That December, Selena confirmed the speculation, commenting on a fan page's Instagram post, regarding Benny, "He is my absolute everything in my heart."
She continued, "Why has he been the best thing that's ever happened to me. He's still better than anyone I've ever been with."
The Rare Beauty founder also shared a photo on her Instagram Story of her leaning her head on what looked to be Benny's chest.
With This Ring...
Selena later shared this pic on her Instagram Stories, which shows her wearing a bejeweled "B" ring.
That Kiss
...including a pic of the two kissing. 
Quality Time
Also in December 2023, Selena shared several photos of herself hanging out in New York City with Benny and their friends.i
Appreciating Art
Two days after Christmas 2023, Selena shared new pics of the couple at what appeared to be an art exhibit.
PDA Alert
Selena posted this pic of herself and Benny one day before New Year's Eve 2023.
Slam Dunk Date Night
The pair attended the Los Angeles Lakers' home game against the Miami Heat in January 2024.
Can't Keep Their Hands to Themselves
The couple packed on PDA in this February 2024 snapshot.
Happy Birthday Benny
Selena shared a tribute to her boyfriend on his 36th birthday in March 2024.
Birthday Tribute
"Happy birthday baby!" Selena wrote on her Instagram. "Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me. I love you @itsbennyblanco."
PDA Alert
Selena included this kissing pic in her birthday tribute to Benny.
Naughty PDA Alert
...and these couple's pics as well.
Open Book
Selena celebrated the release of Benny's Open Wide in April 2024, captioning photos of the pair enjoying a cake shaped like his cookbook, "So proud."
Happy Fourth of July
Selena shared this pic of the two on Independence Day 2024.
Who Said "I Love You" First?
In July 2024, just ahead of their first dating anniversary, the two answered a viral "Who's Most Likely To" TikTok challenge, during which they were asked who was the first to say "I love you" to the other person. The answer? Selena.
Getting Cozy
Selena and Benny cuddled up in cute photos in July 2024 following her 32nd birthday.
Night Adventures
The actress captioned a gallery of summer photos, "Thank you for sharing your life with me today and everyday."
Beach Babes
The musicians soaked up the sun together on lounge chairs.
Dinner Date
Selena shared a silly pic of the two enjoying a bite.
Summer of Love
They're just loving each other like a love song, baby.
Incognito
The two were bundled up with masks on during one of their outings.
Pucker Up!
In another snap, Selena wore Benny's beanie as they pursed their lips for the camera.
Not Single Soon
The "Eastside" artist gave Selena a kiss on the cheek in a sweet summer snap in July 2024.
Good for You
He wrapped his arms around her in another adorable Instagram pic.
She Said Yes!
"Forever begins now," Selena wrote in December 2024, while revealing their engagement. Benny quipped in the comments, "hey wait… that’s my wife."
Golden Couple
The couple enjoyed a date night at the 2025 Golden Globes.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.