Post Malone’s country music tour will make two stops in Alabama this year, Live Nation announced on Tuesday.
The “F-1 Trillion Tour” will hit Oak Mountain Amphitheatre Tuesday, Oct. 15, followed by the Wharf Amphitheater on Thursday, Oct. 17.
Performed with The Fools for You, the show will feature “A collection of country songs,” according to Malone’s promotional materials.
The Oak Mountain show will begin at 8 p.m. Tickets go on sale Monday, July 1 at 10 a.m. You can purchase via Ticketmaster or livenation.com. 
The Orange Beach show will also begin at 8 p.m. Same as Oak Mountain, tickets go on sale Monday, July 1 at 10 a.m. You can purchase via Ticketmaster or The Wharf box office. 
Prices for the Alabama shows are $59.50, $79.50, $99.50, $149.50 and $199.50, plus service charges, according to promoter Live Nation. 
Post Malone performs a medley during the 59th annual Academy of Country Music Awards on Thursday, May 16, 2024, at the Ford Center in Frisco, Texas. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
The 21-show tour will hit stadiums, festivals and amphitheaters all over the country. The Grammy-nominated artist just released the song “Pour Me a Drink” featuring Blake Shelton. His new album “F-1 Trillion” will release Aug. 16. The first single “I Had Some Help,” with Morgan Wallen, is already a hit with fans, debuting  as number one on the Billboard Hot 100.
The “F-1 Trillion” tour follows Malone’s “If Y’all Weren’t Here, I’d Be Crying” run last year in the U.S. and Canada.
This tour kicks off on Sept. 8 at Salt Lake City’s Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre, making stops at Fenway Park, Hersheypark Stadium, Credit One Stadium and more before wrapping up in Nashville at Nissan Stadium on Oct. 19.
Tickets will be available starting with a Citi presale beginning Wednesday, June 26 at 10 a.m. local time. Additional presales will run throughout the week ahead of the general on-sale beginning Monday, July 1 at 10 a.m. local time on livenation.com
The tour will also offer a variety of different VIP packages and other experiences for fans, including premium tickets, pre-show VIP Lounge, exclusive VIP gift item and more. VIP package contents vary based on offer selected. For more information, visit vipnation.com.
Born Austin Richard Post, the Syracuse native has long blended genres like hip hop, pop, rock, country and more. He emerged in the early 2010s and quickly gained and sustained mainstream success with hits like “White Iverson,” “Congratulations,” “Rockstar,” “Pyscho,” “Sunflower” and “Circles.” Hit albums include “Stoney,” “Beerbongs & Bentleys,” “Hollywood’s Bleeding,” “Twelve Carat Toothache” and “Austin.”
He has collaborated with artists like Taylor Swift, Quavo, The Weeknd, Morgan Wallen, Swae Lee, 21 Savage and many more.
He’s earned Grammy nominations, along with wins at the Billboard Music Awards, American Music Awards, MTV Video Music Awards and more.
See the 2024 tour dates below:
Sept. 8 – Salt Lake City, UT – Utah First Credit Union Amphitheatre
Sept. 12 – Noblesville, IN – Ruoff Music Center
Sept. 14 – Syracuse, NY – Empower Federal Credit Union Amphitheater at Lakeview
Sept. 16 – Bangor, ME – Maine Savings Amphitheatre
Sept. 18 – Boston, MA – Fenway Park
Sept. 20 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium
Sept. 21 – Hartford, CT – The XFINITY Theatre
Sept. 23 – Saratoga Springs, NY – Broadview Stage at SPAC
Sept. 25 – Scranton, PA – The Pavilion at Montage Mountain
Sept. 28 – New York, NY – Global Citizen Festival
Sept. 29 – Wantagh, NY – Northwell at Jones Beach Theatre
Oct. 1 – Cuyahoga Falls, OH – Blossom Music Center
Oct. 4 – Virginia Beach, VA – Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheatre
Oct. 5 – Raleigh, NC – Coastal Credit Union Amphitheatre
Oct. 7 – Charlotte, NC – PNC Music Pavilion
Oct. 9 – Charleston, SC – Credit One Stadium
Oct. 11 – Atlanta, GA – Lakewood Amphitheatre
Oct. 13 – Rogers, AR – Walmart AMP
Oct. 15 – Pelham, AL – Oak Mountain Amphitheatre
Oct. 17 – Orange Beach, AL – The Wharf Amphitheater
Oct. 19 – Nashville, TN – Nissan Stadium
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices