ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CA - APRIL 12:  Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK performs at Sahara Tent during the 2019 Coachella ... More Valley Music And Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California.  (Photo by Rich Fury/Getty Images for Coachella)
Blackpink singer Jennie scored the hit of her career with “One of the Girls,” her collaboration with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp. The tune has been charting on the Hot 100 for months, and it’s still going this frame. With one more turn on the tally, the superstar breaks one tie with a beloved singer…while also inching closer to another match with the same performer.
“One of the Girls” has now been living on the Hot 100 for 18 weeks. That’s an incredibly long time for any track by a South Korean musician. Looking specifically at those produced by soloists from that nation, her performance becomes even more impressive.
Jennie now sits alone in third place on the ranking of the longest-charting hits in Hot 100 history by South Korean solo musicians. Last week, she was tied with Jung Kook for this space, but now she’s passed him.
Jung Kook earned an important smash on the Hot 100 in 2022 with “Left and Right” alongside Charlie Puth. The two kept their collaboration on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. for 17 frames.
The longest-running single of all time on the Hot 100 by any South Korean soloist remains “Gangnam Style” by Psy. That smash introduced millions to K-pop more than a decade ago, and it racked up 31 turns on this list.
At present, “One of the Girls” is down more than 10 spaces on the Hot 100. The single was pushed by Taylor Swift’s 31 new placements on the tally, all taken from her album The Tortured Poets Department. Jennie’s hit dips to No. 81 this frame, though it will likely climb when the chart is refreshed.
If–or more likely when–Jennie’s song rebounds up the Hot 100 and earns its nineteenth stay on the chart, she’ll make history again. With 19 frames spent on the ranking, “One of the Girls” will tie with Jung Kook’s “Standing Next to You,” which only fell off the list recently after 19 turns on the tally. That cut ranks as the second-longest-charting track by a South Korean solo musician in the decades-long tenure of the Hot 100.