Getty Image
Actor Shia LaBeouf’s ex-girlfriend FKA Twigs wants him to pay her $10 million as part of a lawsuit in which she claims he exposed her to an STD.
If this sounds somewhat familiar that’s because Twigs (real name: Tahliah Debrett Barnett) originally sued LaBeouf in 2020, claiming she was the alleged victim of “relentless” physical abuse, including sexual battery, assault, infliction of emotional distress, and, of course, that LaBeouf gave her an STD.
In new court documents obtained by In Touch Weekly, Shia LaBeouf revealed that “incredibly, that she has suffered $10 million in damages, including lost wages, lost professional opportunities and emotional distress.”
His lawyer also added, “In particular, [FKA] alleges that the release of her album was delayed due to mental anguish, and as a result she lost over $1 million not finishing her album prior to touring. She has not provided support for this alleged delay, the reasons behind it, or that she would have earned an extra $1 million for the album’s earlier release. [FKA] also claims she lost contracts because of Shia, contributing to lost professional opportunities. On her alleged severe emotional distress, [FKW’s] medical bills total $4,100 to a therapist.”
LaBeouf’s attorney also claimed, “Contrary to what [FKA] alleges, she appears to have increased her profile in the years after her relationship with Shia and her career appears to be thriving.”
Examples he gives include the fact that FKA Twigs has been “regularly releasing music videos and new music in 2020-2021, including a song with the Weeknd, one of the world’s best-selling artists. In January 2022, she released a 17-song mixtape. In addition to music, she is starring in the upcoming film The Crow. She also has a modeling campaign for Calvin Klein and appeared in numerous magazines including Elle and British Vogue.”
She also allegedly refused to turn over the financial documents that were requested.
For her part, Twigs wants an expert to inspect LaBeouf’s cell phone for text messages that he sent to third parties about her.
“[Shia] has given numerous interviews stating that he harmed [FKA],” FKA’s lawyer claimed. “[Shia’s] contention that he possesses no documents relating to [FKA] does not pass muster. Given the patently dubious position that [Shia] has taken, it serves the interest of all parties to allow a neutral third-party vendor to inspect [Shia’s] electronic devices and confirm whether any further responsive communications exist.”
In 2022, Shia LaBeouf says he considered suicide due to the shame he felt following the abuse allegations made by FKA Twigs.