By 

	Kalia Richardson


Anyma, who became the first electronic artist to headline the Sphere, announced on Monday that his residency at the Las Vegas venue has been extended with two new dates, Jan. 10 and Jan. 11. His residency includes previously announced shows Dec. 27 through Dec. 31, and Jan. 1, 2025 at the venue.

	Anyma, known for his three-dimensional visuals, shared the news with a video of a humanoid prying open the Sphere’s dome walls and blasting an orb of light into the sky.

	“I’m thrilled to announce my official residency and additional shows at the Sphere,” Anyma said in a statement to Rolling Stone. “It’s beyond anything I could have hoped for and I’m especially honored to bring the first electronic music show to the venue.” 
A post shared by Anyma (@anyma)

	Anyma is an artist project helmed by Matteo Milleri that combines visual art and technology with electronic music. The project is an offshoot of the dance music collective Tale of Us, made up of Milleri and DJ Carmine Conte. Anyma’s Dec. 31 show marks the Las Vegas concert venue’s first New Year’s Eve event.

	










	“When I started Anyma, the long term objective was to bring the audiovisual experience to the next level through VR and XR,” Anyma continued, adding he focuses on blurring the lines between physical and digital realms. “I had no idea a physical space with those exact capabilities would be built.”

	Anyma released his debut album Genesys in 2023; the 14-track melodic techno album features the anthemic, synth-driven track “Eternity” and atmospheric trance track “The Sign” with DJ duo CamelPhat. The techno artist followed up his first album with Genesys II in March, which featured two remixes of “Welcome to the Opera” with Grimes. Anyma also helped curate the visuals at The Weeknd’s Sept. 7 show in São Paulo.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








Presale tickets for the Jan. 10 and Jan. 11 residency shows will be available beginning Oct. 7 at 9 a.m. PT, with the general sale beginning Oct. 8. at 9 a.m. PT.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.