Occurring annually during the first month of the calendar year, Aquarius season will take place from Jan. 20, 2024 to Feb. 18, 2024. Astrologically, it officially begins when the sun enters into this fixed air sign, priming us all for a period of deep change. Below, discover what’s in store for all 12 signs this Aquarius season.
As the 11th zodiac sign, Aquarius is symbolized by the water bearer, a nod to the sign’s innate desire to elevate humanity through innovative ideas and knowledge. Saturn, the harsh planet of lessons and boundaries, is the ancient ruler of Aquarius, while Uranus, the eccentric planet of shock and sudden evolution, is its modern ruler. For Aquarians, this planetary rulership is most obvious in the sign’s detached emotional nature in one-on-one relationships. They prefer to pour their empathy and emotive energy into large groups and collective causes, ruling over large-scale technology, science, and innovation.
Those with Aquarius as their sun sign are typically rebels without trying, naturally breaking the boundaries of tradition through how they show up in the world. As a fixed air sign, they also are deeply opinionated, holding steadfast to their views. In life, they’re meant to not only do things differently than other people, but also lend something significant to humanity—for better or worse. Some famous Aquarius suns include Harry Styles, Jennifer Aniston, Christina Ricci, Shakira, Paris Hilton, Oprah Winfrey, The Weeknd, Amal Clooney, and Megan Thee Stallion.
This upcoming Aquarius season will be a rare impetus for change in our individual lives and as a collective. Not only will the sun be in Aquarius, but we will experience Pluto’s reentrance into Aquarius on January 20. We had a brief preview of Pluto in Aquarius from March 2023 to June 2023, so think back to important themes in your life that popped up around that time. It’s important to note that Pluto is a slow-moving planet, and this will last until 2044, with one final dip back into Capricorn from September to November 2024. While this is a lengthy event that will play out over two decades, this Aquarius season is activating the start of the significant changes  to come.
When examining the global influence of Pluto in Aquarius, look to the most recent occurrence of this planetary shift, which took place in 1777. This significant Pluto influence within the Aquarius season (the sun and Pluto together in Aquarius) specifically occurred in February 1778. This is a long cycle, and some significant historical events occurred back then, like the American and French revolutions. Pluto in the Aquarius zodiac sign activates our desire to rebel against what in our lives is suppressing our growth as individuals and as a society.
Pluto is the lord of the underworld in ancient Roman mythology, and its planetary transits can influence crisis, change, transformation, and wealth, depending on your chart. This archetype will begin to express itself in Aquarius season as a cerebral air sign that is all about changing the status quo in order to elevate humanity. There is also the Leo full moon on January 25, followed by an Aquarius new moon on February 9. Both will activate us to be our authentic selves, and we’ll feel pushed to transform and change what’s not in alignment.
Toward the end of Aquarius season in mid-February, Venus (relationships) and Mars (action) will join the sun, Mercury, and Pluto in Aquarius. That means five planets will be in the sign of Aquarius, heavily highlighting the themes of this zodiac sign around that time. Therefore, we can expect the call for societal, humanitarian, and economic change to grow louder. We might also feel the need to quit a job, situation, or relationship that is restricting who we truly are.
For the most accuracy, read your rising sign’s horoscope below. You can calculate your rising sign with your birth time, date, and location by using a free birth chart calculator. If you don’t know your birth time, you also can read your zodiac sign (or sun sign), determined solely by your birth date.
Your network, friends, and collaborations are the key to your success this Aquarius season. As Pluto moves into Aquarius, we are entering an era where your connections are currency. This would be an ideal month to touch base with your community or the network you’ve built up over the years. You’re also removing associates and peers that are blocking your progress, so there is space for a more aligned tribe to come in.
During this Aquarius season, the significant activation in your 11th house will also bring breakthroughs and help fulfill some of your long-term goals. Jupiter, the planet of growth, is in Taurus, in your second house of material gains, and will activate the transformative Aquarius stellium (five planets in one sign!). Team projects will become more fruitful, and you will start to reap the rewards of the hard work you’ve put in over the past decade.
Aquarius season is bringing major changes to your professional and career life, Taurus. It’s time to receive recognition for your hard work, and you’re leaving or saying “no” to situations that don’t value what you bring to the table. You’re taking your power back when it comes to your life path and what you want to do for a living. Pluto is moving back into this area of your life along with four other planets, bringing a burst of heavy but necessary transformation.
This season, you could also experience a promotion or more public recognition in your industry. You might also feel inspired to change your appearance—like your wardrobe, hair, style, or beauty regimen—to something that aligns more with who you truly are. Though beware that becoming more aligned with your authentic self can trigger others. Although change is not your forte, Taurus, you’re welcoming personal growth this season.
It’s time for you to break away from routines. Life is an adventure, and Aquarius season will be the spark you’ve needed to embrace your spontaneous side. The Aquarius stellium (five planets, including Pluto) is activating long-distance travel as a theme in your life, and Geminis might have the opportunity to gain wisdom from these experiences. You might also go to a place during this time where you could see yourself living for a while.
Another theme for Gemini is gaining the opportunity to teach, publish a book, or share wisdom on a larger scale. Some of you might even receive an opportunity to share your story with a bigger platform. This Aquarius season could trigger progress toward that long-term goal to help others through your creativity. For some Gemini, legal matters might also be a theme during Aquarius season.
Cancers will feel prompted to focus on finances during Aquarius season. An opportunity might come your way that helps you pay back debts or refinance a significant loan. If you’re sharing resources in a relationship, your partner could gain more funds or have a positive financial breakthrough. Aquarius season is prompting you to open up about your value and work on financial goals.
You might also find yourself presented with a new contract or receive financial backing to pursue a creative project or innovative idea. This season encourages you to collaborate, connect, and tap into your social circle for support and inspiration. Keep an open mind, Cancer, as the innovative and forward-thinking energy of Aquarius can lead to unexpected financial and creative breakthroughs through your interactions with others.
As Aquarius season takes center stage, for Leos, the spotlight shifts to your one-on-one relationships and partnerships. Are they empowering you or casting a shadow on your shine? This is a time when the cosmos will encourage you to answer this question and either strengthen or sever the bonds you share with others, whether they’re personal or professional. Situations might come up that trigger you to focus on reciprocity, ensuring that your relationships are balanced and mutually fulfilling.
Consider Aquarius season a period of self-discovery. Explore your own needs and desires in relationships and be willing to communicate them effectively to others, whether you’re seriously attached or single. This introspective journey can lead to deeper connections, breakthroughs in love, and a better understanding of who or what you desire in a relationship. If there have been any issues or imbalances, Aquarius season will offer the time and place to address them openly and honestly.
Virgo’s focus this Aquarius season is to prioritize health and quality of life. Situations might arise that will trigger you to make a change toward what is best for your well-being. Opportunities to travel for work can also arise for some Virgos, which can layer on stress. Streamlining your daily schedule is key to achieving a better work-life balance, allowing you to manage your responsibilities effectively without feeling overwhelmed.
As you experience this journey of self-improvement during Aquarius season, remember that small, consistent changes can have a significant impact on your overall well-being. This might involve delegating tasks, setting boundaries, or optimizing your workspace. You control your schedule; it shouldn’t control you. Know that you might also experience challenging conversations with colleagues or those in your workplace.
This is a season of creativity and collaboration for Libra. A new project could be born during Aquarius season, encouraging your unique personality to shine brightly. You’ve learned recently that in order for your reality to reflect who you are and bring personal fulfillment, you have to be true to yourself and make difficult decisions that are for your highest good.
If you have children, they could be experiencing significant life changes, or you could encounter themes around fertility, if this applies to you. This period will also encourage you to embrace your inner child;  during this season, prioritize pleasure, spontaneity, and moments of unadulterated joy. Take the time to explore your passions, hobbies, and creative outlets. Some Libras might also see a major change in an investment or idea that they’ve put a lot of energy into.
Aquarius season is focusing Scorpio’s attention toward the home, family, and your emotional world. Moving, renovations, redecorating, or settling into changes around the home will be a major theme for you. Now is your opportunity to create a nurturing and harmonious domestic environment where you can recharge your emotional batteries.
Furthermore, Aquarius season prompts you to delve deeper into emotional healing and strengthen family bonds. Take the opportunity to address any unresolved emotional issues or conflicts that might have been lingering in the background. Open and honest communication within your family unit can lead to greater understanding and connection. As you nurture these familial ties, you’ll find a renewed sense of emotional security and support that empowers you to face challenges with resilience and love.
Sagittarians will feel booked and busy during Aquarius season. Communication, writing, or marketing opportunities can come up, allowing you to express yourself more authentically, all while triggering transformation in others. The cosmos will also spark new and significant social connections, so seek out opportunities to be with your local community.
As you navigate the plethora of invitations and engagements that come your way during Aquarius season, remember the importance of self-care. It’s easy to get swept up in the excitement of new experiences and connections, but don’t neglect your own well-being. Find a balance between your social commitments and personal time for rest and rejuvenation. This equilibrium will help you make the most of the season’s opportunities while maintaining your energy and enthusiasm for the adventures that lie ahead.
Money and finances will be on your mind during Aquarius season, Capricorn. You will feel and experience massive changes in regards to this area of your life due to the Aquarius planetary pileup, including the ominous Pluto. You might consider investing, saving, or exploring new sources of revenue that align with your values and long-term financial goals. Your natural sense of responsibility and determination will serve you well as you navigate these financial shifts.
It’s recommended that you seek guidance from trusted financial advisors or mentors who can help you make informed decisions. Aquarius season will encourage you to break free from conventional ways of earning your money and embrace innovative approaches that align with your personal values and aspirations. Starting your own business, going freelance, or monetizing an innovative solution are all ways this could manifest for you.
Your season brings a surge of confidence and self-assuredness, making it the ideal moment to step forward and present your passion projects to the world. Your vision and innovative ideas will capture the attention of those around you, so don’t hold back. Some themes that can occur for you are launching a creative endeavor, sharing your ideas in your professional field, or making a significant personal announcement.
Your home and family will also experience growth, whether it’s moving, redesigning, purging, or gaining new additions. Purchasing or selling property might be a theme during your season, Aquarius. There might also be some friction within your family, bringing up discussions around past issues that must be dealt with. While it can feel like an emotionally healing time, the sudden changes and events will also force you to purge and release.
The hidden will be revealed for Pisces during Aquarius season. Your 12th house will be activated, challenging you to face and transform unconscious habits and behaviors that are limiting your positive growth. New information could also come to light, bringing conflict and triggering a significant decision or change. Trust is an important part of life, and at times, Pisces, others can take advantage of your agreeable nature. You are taking your power back during Aquarius season and advocating for your worth.
Additionally, for some Pisces risings, there might be an opportunity to embrace vulnerability and authenticity in your work, particularly through writing or communication. By nurturing your emotional and spiritual well-being through the expression of your voice, you will be better prepared to navigate the profound shifts and transitions that Pluto in Aquarius will usher in over the next two decades. View this season as a foundational period for welcoming a new era of personal growth and authenticity, as you shed light on the hidden aspects of your life and advocate for your own worth.
Manifest Your Dream Life Using Astrology
Sagittarius Monthly Horoscope
Aries Monthly Horoscope
Taurus Monthly Horoscope
Gemini Monthly Horoscope
Leo Monthly Horoscope
Cancer Monthly Horoscope
Aquarius Monthly Horoscope
Virgo Monthly Horoscope
Libra Monthly Horoscope
Pisces Monthly Horoscope
Scorpio Monthly Horoscope
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.