By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat, Tyler, The Creator and No Doubt will headline the 2024 Coachella festival, promoters Goldenvoice announced on Tuesday. The lineup poster appears below.

	Also on the list are Peso Pluma, Blur, J Balvin, Ice Spice, Sublime, Lil Uzi Vert, Grimes, Victoria Monet, Jon Batiste, Bleachers, Justice, Deftones and Lil Yachty, with big looks for rising artists like Bizarrap, Khruangbin and others. The 23rd installment of the festival takes place at its home at the Empire Polo Grounds in Indio, Calif., on the weekends of April 12-14 and April 19-21.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Microdrama Plot Twist: A Threat to the Apps’ Stratospheric U.S. Growth		
			














	
		
					CBS Settles With White 'SEAL Team' Staffer Who Claimed Discrimination		
			








	Those who purchased tickets for the 2023/2022 festival have early access to passes during the loyalty presale starting Jan. 18 at 2 p.m. PT. The general presale begins Jan. 19 at 11 a.m. PT. 


			Popular on Variety		






	YouTube returns in 2023 as the exclusive livestream partner for both Coachella weekends on the festival’s official YouTube channel.

	This year marks the third with a curious fourth headlining slot at the bottom of the festival poster, which gives the artist headliner billing — via the all-important font-size heirarchy — but without a a specific date; the first three headliners top the bills for each of the festival’s three days. Its meaning has never been fully clear: At first it seemed that the billing was either a late-night dance slot or sort of insurance headliner in case one of the main headliners pulled out (which ended up being the case with Swedish House Mafia in 2022, who took over the Sunday-night slots with the Weeknd when Kanye West canceled just days before the festival). However, last year, when Frank Ocean pulled out of the second weekend after his controversial headlining slot during the first, his place was taken by Blink-182 while Harris played late-night DJ sets. This year, with veteran alt-rock act No Doubt in that position, the significance is even more confusing.  

	Sources say that Dua Lipa and Shakira, both of whom have new albums on the way in 2024, were also in contention to headline; Lipa reportedly bowed out because the timing did not work, while festival organizers reportedly passed on Shakira.

	Rage Against the Machine were scheduled to headline Coachella’s 2020 installment, which was announced in January of that year and ultimately postponed four times due to the pandemic. While the group relaunched second reunion tour in 2022 and played 19 shows, singer Zach de la Rocha suffered a serious knee injury and the dates were postponed indefinitely but any future plans are apparently off the table: Drummer Brad Wilk posted on Jan. 3 that the group  “will not be touring or playing live again.”

	










	Last year’s headliners were Bad Bunny, Blackpink and, for the first weekend, originally scheduled 2020 headliner Frank Ocean. While the elusive singer had planned an elaborate ice-skating rink, complete with dozens of skaters, for his performance, at the last minute it was dismantled and he ended up playing a loose, low-key set that started late and disappointed many fans. He canceled his appearance during the second weekend and was replaced by Blink-182.

	It was the second consecutive year with a last-minute headliner switch: 2022’s headliners were Harry Styles, Billie Eilish, and a tag-team set from the Weeknd and Swedish House Mafia, with the latter performance replacing one from Kanye West, who pulled out just days before the festival’s first weekend.

	Coachella is North America’s largest music festival and has already sold all of its 125,000 per-day tickets.
D.A.N.C.ERegister now for access to passes at https://t.co/qujCsdlTip. Presale begins Friday, 1/19 at 11am PT. pic.twitter.com/DlApQGXnBb
The Business of Entertainment