By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  04:23, 25 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:25, 25 October 2024   
 43
View  comments
He is one of the world's most popular and successful singer​s.
And on Thursday, The Weeknd was unrecognisable as he went incognito to jet out of Sydney Airport following his Australian tour.
The Canadian superstar, 34, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, attempted to keep a very low profile in a face mask and sunglasses as he walked through the airport with his entourage.
The singer dressed casually for the long flight in white track pants and a matching coloured jumper.
The artist completed his look with a pair of sneakers and covered half his face with a Los Angeles Lakers cap.
The Weeknd performed two shows in Melbourne earlier this month before he headed to Sydney for two nights at Accor Stadium.
But some fans were left disappointed by the first show on the Australian leg of his tour.
The singer-songwriter took to the stage at 8:45pm in Melbourne at the Marvel Stadium — 15 minutes later than he was scheduled to begin.
The Weeknd (pictured) went incognito as he jetted out of Sydney Airport on Thursday after his Australian tour
He then abruptly ended his set at about 10:30pm, leaving concertgoers to flock to TikTok and slam the artist for the short length of his $270+ per ticket concert.
One fan uploaded a video of herself to the social media site as she sat looking perplexed in the stadium seats while attendees filed out of the venue.
'Tell me I'm not the only one who thought it was over way too quickly,' she captioned the short clip.
Followers flocked to her comments to agree, with one person writing: 'No literally he just like walked off.'
'It was such an underwhelming end,' another said, while a third commented: 'He came on so late.'
The Canadian superstar, 34, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, kept a very low profile in a face mask and sunglasses as he walked through the airport with his entourage
The singer dressed casually for the long flight in white track pants and a matching coloured jumper
'Yesss!! We waited forever for him to come on then it was over before we knew it,' added another.
Someone else said: 'My kids went and they loved it but he started late and finished early for the price.'
'My blood is still boiling,' one fan fumed.
'He arrived late, left early, left without an encore, didn't perform Moth to a Flame which is one of his BIGGEST songs. Too anti-climactic.'
The Weeknd performed two shows in Melbourne before he headed to Sydney for two nights at Accor Stadium 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group