Usher is sharing some confessions about his highly anticipated Super Bowl 2024 halftime show that’s going down Sunday at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nev.
The R&B singer teased what fans can expect from his high-energy set during a press conference hosted by Apple Music in Las Vegas Thursday morning.
“There has been these fantasy lists that have been going out, people trying to figure out what song I’m going to perform first, middle, last,” Usher, 45, told a crowd of reporters, including Page Six. 
“I was very mindful of my past, celebrating my present, which is here in Las Vegas, and thinking about where we’re headed in the future. And that was really the idea.”
The eight-time Grammy winner plans to perform a medley of hits for an epic Super Bowl halftime show that’s been 30 years in the making. He reiterated how special it is to be given the opportunity as the first independent artist to headline a Super Bowl halftime show.
While he didn’t reveal the exact songs on his setlist, longtime fans who have been rockin’ with Usher since the late ’90s have their fingers crossed for classic hits like “You Make Me Wanna…,” “Confessions, Pt. II,” “My Boo,” “OMG,” “Burn,” “Love in This Club,” “Bad Girl” and “Yeah!”
“I’ve gotta do it in 13 minutes, that makes it a bit difficult. It definitely has been a challenge to squeeze 30 years into 13 minutes,” he said, laughing.
“[I thought about] what songs do I feel people know me for? What songs have been a celebration of all of the journey of what life and love and emotion has been offered in my music.”
Usher also confirmed he’ll bring out some special guests on Sunday — though he’s attempting to keep their identities a surprise.
“I think I made it easy for myself when I decided to have features on songs that became hit records, so that gave me the greatest point of reference,” he teased, replying “of course” when asked if any guests “immediately” came to mind. 
“I have definitely went through a lot of ideas of who I would have share this moment with me and I do feel like the people who are gonna share it deserve just as much recognition for what they do in their careers – whether we have collaborated together or rather they’ve had moments of their own,” added Usher, who has collaborated with artists like Alicia Keys, Lil Jon, Jeezy, Nicki Minaj and Justin Bieber over the years.
“There’s also two very special things I have woven into this entire performance; things that speak to culture [and] things that speak to quality, my creativity. … This has been an amazing time in my life.”
Usher said fans will eventually get to see all the behind-the-scenes moments – from the day he got the call about being selected to perform to the second he walks off the halftime stage.
“Apple has been following me through this entire process, so we’re figuring out how we’re going to share it with you,” he explained.
“There’s been a documentary crew that has been collecting all of the moments that have happened. There’s cameras around us at all times.”
The press conference kicked off one day before the release of Usher’s ninth studio album, “Coming Home,” which features his new single, “Ruin,” featuring Pheelz. Other song titles on the track list include “Kissing Strangers,” “Stone Kold Freak,” “Luckiest Man” and “A-Town Girl” featuring Latto.
“It’s really the last five years of my life. There was a huge stop in the middle of that because of the [coronavirus] pandemic,” he said of his latest project. 
“Coming back out of it, I needed a little bit of motivation, which is why I decided to put my shows on sale in Las Vegas. There was no promise, it was a real bold move, but I decided to move forward. And since that moment of belief, this is [all] happening. Now I’m ready to share some of what I was working on before and what I worked on after I decided to start my shows here in Las Vegas.”
Usher previously shared in an interview with “Good Morning America” earlier this month that he was planning to pay homage to black artists of the past during football’s biggest night.
“I didn’t start where I am now, and I didn’t get there by myself. So, everybody that has been a part of it, I’m carrying them with me,” he explained at the time, noting how “major” it is to give R&B “the main stage” at the Super Bowl.
“All of my fans, my loved ones — the people who may have felt like they have been forgotten, they haven’t. I’m carrying you right with me when I walk on that stage that night.”
The Super Bowl halftime show, presented by NFL, Roc Nation and Apple Music, is considered to be one of the most-watched musical performances of the year.
Previous halftime performers in recent years have included Rihanna (2023), The Weeknd (2021), Lady Gaga (2017), Beyoncé (2013) and the Black Eyed Peas, whom Usher joined as a special guest in 2011.
Fans can tune in to watch Usher — and the championship game between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers — starting at 6:30 p.m. ET/3:30 p.m. PT Sunday on CBS, Nickelodeon and Paramount+.
This year’s pregame entertainment will feature Reba McEntire performing the national anthem, Post Malone singing “America the Beautiful” and Andra Day putting her own spin on “Lift Every Voice and Sing.”
Leading up to the big game, Las Vegas is also going all out with star-studded Super Bowl parties.
Celebrities like Snoop Dogg, Bebe Rexha, Jack Harlow, Ice Spice, Lil Wayne and Maluma are all expected to make appearances at various events happening across Sin City in celebration of Nevada’s first time hosting the Super Bowl. Plus, as Page Six confirmed last month, Taylor Swift will be in Vegas to cheer on her boyfriend, Travis Kelce — straight off the plane from her Eras Tour stop in Tokyo.
Advertisement