Actors Seo In-guk and Ji Chang-wook were previously in talks to star
Don Lee and Park Hyung-sik have been cast in leading roles for an upcoming fantasy K-drama series tentatively titled Twelve. 
The series’ production team confirmed the casting to South Korean news outlet Sports Chosun on October 22, marking the first confirmed cast members of the highly anticipated series.
According to the outlet, with translations by Soompi, Twelve will feature 12 protagonists, who are inspired by the 12 zodiac animals of Chinese culture. The series will revolve around these 12 angels as they dwell among the mortal world to protect the Korean Peninsula from evil spirits.
The Eternals star Don Lee, also known as Ma Dong-seok, is set to portray Tae San, billed as the leader of the 12 angels and the character representing the tiger. Meanwhile, Park has been tapped to play Ogui, who symbolises the crow, described as the force of evil the angels are forced to butt heads with as he awakens after a thousand years.
The remaining 11 protagonists have yet to be cast, however Korean actors Seo In-guk and Ji Chang-wook were previously reported to have been in talks to star. According to Soompi, Seo was considered for the role of the monkey and Ji was also considered for one of the remaining 11 roles, although no distinct role was specified.
Although no concrete details about the new K-drama have been shared as of writing, Sports Chosun confirmed that Twelve is slated to premiere sometime in 2025. Further details are expected to be announced in the coming months.
In other news, BLACKPINK’s Jennie has made her solo Billboard Hot 100 debut with her recently released single ‘Mantra’, after coming in at Number 98 for the week ending October 26. It marks her first appearance on the chart as a soloist, after she previously appeared alongside The Weeknd and Lily-Rose Depp for their collaboration single ‘One Of The Girls’ last year.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.