Hardwood Paroxysm
All Latest News For You!
It may come as a surprise to see the abundance of Michael Jackson tributes that continue to populate our billboards, either in the form of clones or stage shows, with titles like Michael’s Legacy; Michael Jackson, King of Pop; Michael, The Experience; The Legend – The King of Pop and Michael Return. And now we’ll soon have the long-awaited Michael movie, a biopic starring his nephew Jafar, due out in April 2025.
Michael Jackson’s appeal, 15 years after his death, and unlike Woody Allen, is not on the verge of cancellation, even if his aura is tarnished by serious accusations of abuse of minors whom he invited to sleep in his bed. In due course, the accusations were brought: the one in 1993, after Jackson paid $ 19 million to a family (which can be read as a sign of condemnation, but which does not leave the parents in a very good position either), and the case of one in 2005, due to tests
The documentary Leaving Neverland (2019) reopened the wounds, but others, like Square One and Neverland first hand, served as a counterweight. The insistence on demonizing Jackson reveals a bias, and some of the defenses of his honor are therefore absurd: None of us were there, in the famous room.
 Related News
The idea that if a creator commits evil deeds, everything collapses, he and his work, has flourished, and this demand responds to an abusive need to glorify the authors of songs, films, or books. We like to believe that everyone who has done great work is, moreover, very handsome, noble, and virtuous; and yes, it is beautiful when it happens, but are we so fragile that we cannot bear that this genius author, whose production has whistled us, might not be a morally ideal citizen? Why have we become so enormous and necessary? And what is more, in this time of scandal, will we all be able to escape the public magnifying glass that watches our every little act? Who has the courage to set themselves as an example of something?
Whatever the case, the world keeps Michael Jackson in his place, the composer of some of the most extraordinary songs of the 20th century. Perhaps because he is already dead and his work is done. If he were still alive now, would he be able to tour without being interrupted? It’s the same, his awakening is evident in current idols like Beyoncé, The Weeknd, Jason Derulo and many others, and the cult of songs like Off the wall, Thriller or Bad is not dying out for reasons as eccentric and crazy as purely musical.
“Professional web ninja. Certified gamer. Avid zombie geek. Hipster-friendly baconaholic.”
L ‘Your horoscope Paulo Fox And his predictions even today capture the interest of astrology enthusiasts, a subject as mysterious as it is an indication of our destiny. In this focus we will focus only on the water signs, by the indications given by the astrologer himself while speaking on the Latte e Miele radio […]
The Discord List This time she has a face Abby ChatfieldAustralian influencer and radio presenter on vacation with her Venice boyfriend Chi indignant on Instagram for card without price Pick up at the Club del Doge restaurant: old habit Prevalent not only in Italy – in Peru, in 2019, a restaurant was fined for this […]
“I wanted to reassure you and tell you I’m fine. During the final I had low blood pressure and that’s why I had to stop for about twenty minutes on the advice of the doctors who helped me and whom I thank very much. The last six months have been loaded from work and given […]
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.