"It's so good," Clarkson tweeted. 

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Kelly Clarkson is showering her fellow powerhouse vocalist, Ariana Grande, with love.

	The “Since U Been Gone” singer took to X (previously Twitter) to gush over her fellow former The Voice coach’s recently released album, Eternal Sunshine. “Y’all don’t sleep on this album. It’s so good,” she wrote, before spotlighting three songs in particular in the hashtags: “Imperfect for You,” “We Can’t Be Friends” and lead single and Hot 100 chart-topper, “Yes, And?”
Y’all don’t sleep on this album. It’s so good! #imperfectforyou #wecantbefriends #yesand pic.twitter.com/gFvheV1mKM

Eternal Sunshine is spending a second week at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart (dated March 30), after debuting atop the tally a week ago.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Kelly Clarkson		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Eternal Sunshine, which follows 2020’s Positions, houses 13 tracks, all penned by the two-time Grammy winner and co-produced with the legendary Max Martin. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Overall, Grande has earned eight No. 1 singles on the Hot 100, including “Thank U, Next” (seven weeks), “Save Your Tears” (with The Weeknd, two weeks) and the eight-week leader “7 Rings.” On the Billboard 200, the multi-hyphenate has sent multiple titles to the chart’s summit, including 2013’s Yours Truly, 2014’s My Everything, 2018’s Sweetener and 2020’s Positions.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.