Lauryn Goodman branded Molly-Mae Hague a queen as she shared her support for the star after her recent split from Tommy Fury.
Molly-Mae, 25 announced her shock split from Tommy, 25, earlier this week after five years together. She shared a statement on her Instagram Stories which said: "Never in a million years did I ever think I'd have to write this. After five years of being together, I never imagined our story would end, especially not this way."
Her former fiancé, with who she shares baby Bambi, released his own statement and said: "I am heartbroken to share that Molly and I have decided to end our relationship." After the breakup was announced, reports came out that boxer Tommy cheated on Love Island star Molly-Mae on 'multiple occasions', with one source claiming he cheated on her with a Danish woman during a lads' trip to Macedonia.
A friend of Molly’s recently said: "It seems he would play away when he knew people wouldn’t recognise him." However, a spokesperson for Tommy said he was 'distraught' by the 'false allegations'. Amid the speculation about Tommy and Molly-Mae's relationship, Instagram model Lauryn shared her support.
Lauryn shares two children with football star Kyle Walker - who is married to Annie Kilner - and dealt with her fair share of drama regarding her relationship with him. In a post shared on her Stories, the 33-year-old shared one of Molly-Mae's mirror selfies and added a sticker of a crown above her head.
"Difficult journeys lead to beautiful destinations @mollymae," she captioned the post. Referring to the cheating allegations, Lauryn added Metro Boomin's hit song Creepin' featuring The Weeknd. The song is a cover of Mario Winans' 2004 single I Don't Wanna Know - which is about infidelity.
Some of the lyrics include: "I don't wanna know/ If you're playing me, keep it on the low/ Because my heart can't take it anymore." Meanwhile, friends close to Molly-Mae and Tommy said that the pair had a huge showdown at their Cheshire mansion. A source told The Sun: "Molly was told he had cheated on with a Danish woman he’d met while he was away in Macedonia.
"She didn’t want to believe it was true. When she confronted him and asked if he had cheated on her, Tommy didn’t deny it. It told Molly-Mae all she needed to know, and she ended it. He has moved out of the house and she is absolutely reeling from it all.”
Molly is now expecting more women to come forward claiming to have flings with Tommy and is said to be devastated and seeking solace in her close friendships following the crushing revelations.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.