The Boy packaged three tracks into one for a seven-minute K. Dot thrashing.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Drake didn’t waste much time unloading the clip as he replied to Kendrick Lamar with the eviscerating “Family Matters” on Friday night (May 3). 

	“Family Matters” arrived on YouTube about 14 hours after K. Dot delivered his “6:16 in LA” diss track. Drizzy picks up where he left off to finish “Push Ups” and snipes at Lamar and his alleged fractured relationship with fiancee Whitney Alford, which he claims is filled with infidelity.

	“You the Black messiah wifing up a mixed queen/ And hit vanilla cream to help out with your self-esteem/ On some Bobby sh–, I wanna know what Whitney need,” he spews.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	At one point, Drake alleges that one of Kendrick’s kids could actually be Dave Free’s, Lamar’s pgLang partner. 

	










	“Your baby mama captions always screamin, ‘Save me’/ You did her dirty all her life, you tryna make peace/ I heard that one of them little kids might be Dave Free/ Don’t make it dave freeze/ Cause if your GM is your BM secret BD,” Drake contests. 

	There’s a menacing beat switch and Drake turns his sights to his other opps in the music game while dissing A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, Metro Boomin, Future and Rick Ross. 

	“Rakim talking sh– again/ Gassed ’cause you hit my BM first n—a do the math who I was hitting then/ I ain’t even know you rap still because they only talking about your ‘fit again/ Probably gotta have a kid again before you think of dropping any sh– again/ Even when you do drop they gonna say you should’ve modeled because it’s mid again,” Drake raps while landing a right hook on Rocky.

	Drake is apologetic about having static with Future, but blames Metro Boomin — who he calls by his government name (Leland Green) — and insinuates he has a romantic past with a woman who has history with Metro. 

	“Pluto sh– make me sick to my stomach, we ain’t never really been through it/ Leland Wayne he a f—ing lame so I know he had to be an influence,” Drake continues. 

	There’s always room for smoke with Rozay as Drizzy jabs at his correction officer past: “Body after body and you know Rick reading my Miranda Rights.”

	The accompanying music video finds Drake heading to the New Ho King Chinese restaurant Kendrick referenced on “Euphoria.” 

	With a beat switch into the third track, Drizzy puts the scope back on Lamar and questions him moving to New York and living the “bachelor life,” while also trolling him about the jewelry he purchased from 2Pac’s estate and Pharrell’s collection.

	Kendrick went back-to-back with “Euphoria” and “6:16 in LA” before Drake stepped in with a seven-minute thrashing. This doesn’t seem like it will be coming to an end anytime soon either. 

	










	Watch the “Family Matters” video below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.