Charli XCX made Billie Eilish‘s LA concert Brat on Dec. 17. She joined Billie onstage to perform their remix of “Guess” from Charli’s album Brat and it’s completely different but also still brat. The remix is nominated for the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the Grammy Awards.
Another honor for Miley Cyrus‘ song “Beautiful That Way”: It’s been nominated for Outstanding Original Song for a Dramatic or Documentary Media Production at The Society of Composers & Lyricists Awards, scheduled for Feb. 12. Miley co-wrote the song for the Pamela Anderson movie The Last Showgirl. Among her competition are Elton John and Diane Warren.
The Weeknd performed a special Spotify Billions Club concert in LA Tuesday to celebrate his status as the artist with the most songs that have been streamed more than 1 billion times each. People reports that he told the crowd, “2024 is almost done but 2025 we’ve got some new s*** coming up. New album, new tour, new movie, new everything — we’re shutting this s*** down.” So far, we only know details of the album. Hurry Up Tomorrow is due out Jan. 24.
In July, the world was horrified by the stabbing deaths of three young girls at a Taylor Swift-themed dance event. The tragedy in Southport, England, also left eight children and two adults injured. Newsweek reports that the person charged with the crime, 18-year-old Axel Rudakubana, has pleaded not guilty; his trial will start in January. Taylor issued a statement after the killings, saying she was “completely in shock,” adding, “These were just little kids at a dance class. I am at a complete loss for how to ever convey my sympathies to these families.”
Copyright © 2024, ABC Audio. All rights reserved.
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Dave Brown at publicfilewpb@hubbardradio.com or (561) 616-4758.
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio West Palm Beach, LLC