Drake attends a game between the Houston Rockets and the Cleveland Cavaliers at Toyota Center on March 16, 2024 in Houston, Texas.
Drake celebrated Father's Day over the weekend with his dad, Dennis Graham, and his son, Adonis Graham. In a carousel of photos, the "Family Matters" rapper, 37, wrote: "Three generations [heart with arrow emoji] Happy Fathers Day to the ones guiding their daughters and sons."
The trio was all clad in different hats, with Drake's son and dad both wearing cowboy-inspired getups. Meanwhile, Drizzy wore wide-legged jeans, a camo vest, and a black baseball cap. In the third slide, the three took a smiling selfie, with 6-year-old Adonis showing off his front teeth growing back in.
Comments on Drake's post have been limited, with many fans wishing the Grammy winner a Happy Father's Day. However, over on social media, folks flamed the Canadian rapper for his post. On The Shade Room's repost of Drake's Father's Day photos, one fan commented, "From black to white in just 3 generations [laughing emoji]." Questioned another: "Since gangsta didn’t work, is this his Cowboy Carter era?" A third person trolled, "I can hear the 'My Grandpa was Black' stories now [laughing emoji]." 
"Felt every bit when Kendrick said 'I’m hate the way that you dress' [100 emoji, laughing emojis]," commented another, while someone else said, "They not like us." Another person wrote, "i don’t even look at this dude the same anymore." Added another, "All I see is the blackness slowly fading away with each generation."
(Photo by Cole Burston/Getty Images)
The Grammy winner shares his son with French artist Sophie Brussaux. Two years ago, Sophie posted a Father's Day tribute to Drake on Instagram. She wrote at the time that she was "so grateful for the amazing father you are to our son [blue heart emoji]."
Last week, Drizzy seemingly shaded Kendrick Lamar when he called himself the "GOAT" while attending one of Adonis' soccer games. His caption read: "Goats don’t worry about one trick ponies." The shady caption comes after Drizzy quietly deleted several posts promoting his diss tracks on IG against Kendrick, including “Family Matters” and “The Heart Part 6.”
Like the rest of the rapper's Instagram feed, post commenting has been limited, but folks took to X (formerly Twitter) to make fun of his outfit and "GOAT" declaration.
Back in March, Drake's dad explained why rappers beef with Drake so much. He wrote on Instagram at the time: “Yo I am about to drop some new music, and I am not sure if it’s going to sell, but I am going to call some of my homies and get them to start a beef with Drake and get them to unfollow him, and that’s going make my s— shoot up to number 1, I’m sure this is going to work so let me get some people on board for this and watch what kind of attention this gets!!!!!!!!!!!! I WILL BE NUMBER ONE 1Day!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
Music is one of the most popular ways people make their drive more enjoyable. Depending on the type of music, your driving experience may wildly vary from the next person. Upbeat music can make you want to drive faster, while classical music may make you slower or even sleepy.
Optimally, you would want to select music that isn't too distracting and will leave you feeling alert and in a good mood. Choosing which genre or artists make you drive better to be the most beneficial in helping your concentration when driving is important.
In a study by Auto Trader, the automotive marketplace company conducted a study of what artists help improve concentration behind the wheel. A group of 17 participants were asked to spot and identify driving hazards in a series of virtual driving scenarios, whilst listening to music artists from a range of popular genres.
The study participants completed a series of hazard perception tests while listening to different playlists from 20 different popular artists that have been regularly streamed or played on the radio in 2024. After taking each hazard perception test while listening to the popular playlists, the participants' scores were recorded and totaled to discover the average result per musician.
While the majority of study participants passed their hazard perception tests while listening to different artists, there were two artists that severely impacted participants' abilities to spot and react to hazards in a timely manner. Both classical composer Johann Sebastian Bach and rapper Megan Thee Stallion did not prove to be helpful artists to listen to in the car, with participants scoring an average of 42.5 and 37.5, respectively. For context, you must score at least 44 out of 75 in order to pass.
(Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images)
For optimal driving safety, it is recommended that you listen to music in the car without headphones on and at a low volume. Adjusting the volume while behind the wheel is another distracting factor while driving.
The scores below represent the average score achieved by multiple participants listening to a particular artist during their hazard perception tests; higher scores indicate greater levels of concentration, meaning the participants identified and reacted to hazards quicker when listening to that artist.
The latter half of the top ten is as follows:
The Weeknd's musical progression has been a fun one to watch over the years. Abel Tesfaye's sexy, serenading voice has blended genres, from sultry R&B, to pop, to 80s influence from artists like Daft Punk and Michael Jackson. We can easily see how the Canadian artist's music is one that makes someone more alert, as we often put his music on shuffle and have a smooth ride every time. "Save Your Tears" is a perfect example of one of his catchy songs, and it's perfect to sing along to while keeping your focus on the road.
The Grammy and Oscar winner is another frequent name in our driving playlists. Eilish's music is the best for girlies who love to sing in the car. The young musician's music goes from eerie to just heartbreakingly beautiful with her lyricism and the delivery of how she sings. "No Time To Die" is one of our all-time favorite Billie Eilish songs that is so powerful yet vulnerable, making it a perfect companion while driving. Just don't try to drive like James Bond (the song was the theme to the 2021 James Bond film; the song won a Grammy, Oscar and a Golden Globe). 
Marshall Mathers, AKA Eminem, remains as one of the most well-known artists in hip hop. His breakout album, The Slim Shady LP, helped Eminem achieve global popularity in 1999. His subsequent number-one hit singles such as "Lose Yourself" and "Without Me" have been revealed to help drivers’ concentration and alertness levels behind the wheel. According to the study, the rapper's strong yet complex rhyme and rhythm schemes of Eminem’s tracks helped study participants score an average 58.5 out of 75 on their hazard perception tests. "Without Me" is one of those songs that we still remember the lyrics to, and it's just such a fun song that isn't distracting because it's so familiar.
The pop icon is the second-best artist to help you spot potential hazards whilst driving. Grande has become one of the most-streamed artists globally. Her music, including hits like "thank u, next" and "7 rings" seems to unlock a level of focus and concentration that led our study participants to score an impressive 58.5 average score on their hazard-perception exams. We already find her latest album, eternal sunshine, to be a driving staple. "we can't be friends" is a perfect example, much like Billie Eilish's, when it comes to a sad song that is still so catchy, driving becomes second nature.
Drizzy takes the top spot of being the best artist to listen to in order to be present and alert while driving. Drake is one of the world’s most famous hip hop and R&B artists. The Canadian artist has made waves in the industry since he launched his music career in 2006, holding the record for the most songs featured on the Billboard Hot 100 chart by any solo artist. "Hotline Bling" is one of the artist's biggest songs, so being behind the wheel with this on your driving playlist is sure to keep you entertained while being completely aware of your surroundings on the road.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!