Boardwalk Art Show: The 61st annual Ocean City Boardwalk Art Show will be held Friday through Sunday on the Boardwalk between Eighth and 13th streets.
Artists from throughout the region will exhibit and sell their works. The show will feature fine art, including oils, acrylics, watercolors, drawings, prints and photography. Hours will be 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Sunday. Awards will be given to the top entries in the show.
The event is sponsored by the Ocean City Arts Center and funded by the New Jersey State Council on the Arts. For more information, call the Arts Center at 609-399-7628 or visit oceancityartscenter.org.
New Tales at the Dormer House: Every Thursday at 4 p.m. through Oct. 10, Classic American Tales presents readings of stories, plays and poetry at the historic Dormer House Bed and Breakfast at 800 Columbia Ave. in Cape May. Performances are on the front porch, weather permitting. Otherwise, they will be inside. Guests also will be served lemonade and other treats. Cost is $12 cash at the door, and guests at the Dormer House and children 12 and under are free.
On Thursday, CAT Artistic Director Gayle Stahlhuth will read stories by Kate Chopin, including “Desirée’s Baby.” Stephanie Garrett and Frank Smith will present “Ghostly Happenings” on Aug. 8. Garrett will read stories from contemporary author Lenora Rain-Lee Good, and Smith will talk about his experiences with ghosts in Cape May. Phil Pizzi will bring Will Rogers to life Aug. 15. On Aug. 22, Garrett will read stories about the Harlem Renaissance, and Stahlhuth will read stories from members of the Algonquin Round Table. And on Aug. 29, Smith will read stories by O. Henry.
Reservations may be made by calling 609-884-5898 or emailing classicamericantales@aol.com. Details about this and other CAT events can be found at classicamericantales.org.
Sea Isle Island Run: The Sea Isle City Beach Patrol will host the 2024 Captain Bill Gallagher 10-Mile Island Run on Aug. 10, starting at 5:30 p.m. in front of the Beach Patrol headquarters at 44th Street and the beach.
The public is invited to participate in this rain-or-shine competition along the Promenade and beach.
Online early bird registration for individuals ($30 per runner) and teams ($37 per runner) is available until 11 p.m. Saturday, and race week registration for individuals ($40 per runner) and teams ($42 per runner) is available until 4:30 p.m. Aug. 10.
The first 1,000 runners to register will receive a T-shirt. Prizes will be awarded to the top runners in each category.
To register or for more information, visit the events page at sicbp.com.
County seeks to clear shelter: From Aug. 10 to 12, all adoption fees will be waived during the annual “Clear the Shelters” promotion at the Atlantic County Animal Shelter.
The shelter offers dogs and cats of all ages, sizes and breeds.
“This is our 10th year participating in the nationwide Clear the Shelters pet adoption drive to help match pets with caring owners and help them find the best possible permanent homes,” said County Executive Dennis Levinson. “We have experienced a recent increase in the number of pets in our care, so there are many from which to choose.”
Regular adoption fees at the shelter range from $85 for cats to $110 for dogs and include mandatory sterilization, age-appropriate vaccinations, diagnostic testing, a microchip and free veterinary consultation. Dogs adopted from the shelter also are provided free obedience classes.
The shelter is located at 240 Old Turnpike Road in Pleasantville and is open to the public from 1 to 4 p.m. each day. Appointments are not necessary. For more information, call 609-485-2345.
Frankenreiter in Cape May: Surfer, singer and songwriter Donavon Frankenreiter will perform with guest Twam as part of the Cape May 2024 Summer Concert Series at 7 p.m. Aug. 11 at Cape May Convention Hall, 714 Beach Ave.
Frankenreiter became a professional surfer at 16, and after surfing throughout the world, he decided to pursue music. In 2004, he released his first album, which, along with his follow-up in 2006, was certified gold in Australia. He has released eight solo albums and collaborated with artists such as Jack Johnson and G. Love. His new album, “Get Outta Your Mind,” will be released Sept. 20.
Twam combines pop, alternative, soul and melodic rap influenced by performers such as Nirvana, The Weeknd, Frank Ocean and Foo Fighters.
Tickets are $60 plus taxes and fees and can be purchased at Convention Hall or at capemaycity.com. Online orders also are subject to a service fee.
Collectibles show returns: The Wildwoods Convention Center will host the next Sports Card, Toys, Comics, and Collectibles Show Aug. 23 to 25.
Presented by RK Sports Promotions, the expo will feature more than 200 tables of collectibles, including sports cards, non-sports cards, toys, comic books, Pokémon, Funko Pops, Yu-Gi-Oh, Beanie Babies, videos, jerseys, books, posters, coins, T-shirts, Lego and antiques.
Show hours are 3-8 p.m. Aug. 23, 10 a.m.-8 p.m. Aug. 24 and 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Aug. 25. Admission is free.
For more information, call 732-690-2476 or visit rksportspromotions.com.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
The Ocean City Theatre Company and the Ocean City Pops will present the musical “Grease” Aug. 6 to 15 at the Hughes Performing Arts Center.
Sign up for a digital subscription to The Press of Atlantic City now and take advantage of a great offer.
Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd,
                        racist or sexually-oriented language.PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK.Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another
                        person will not be tolerated.Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone
                        or anything.Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism
                        that is degrading to another person.Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on
                        each comment to let us know of abusive posts.Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness
                        accounts, the history behind an article.

PLEASE BE ADVISED: Soon we will no longer integrate with Facebook for story comments. The commenting option is not going away, however, readers will need to register for a FREE site account to continue sharing their thoughts and feedback on stories. If you already have an account (i.e. current subscribers, posting in obituary guestbooks, for submitting community events), you may use that login, otherwise, you will be prompted to create a new account.

Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.