Each year, stars strut down the CMT Music Awards carpet to celebrate country music videos and television, all while wearing some of the best designs around. The sparkling gowns and gorgeous ensembles worn by artists such as Carrie Underwood, Gladys Knight, and Miranda Lambert demand to be noticed.Keep reading and get ready to marvel at… More »
Some actors become eternally linked to a single role, their name and character forever intertwined in the public consciousness. These one-role wonders captivate audiences with a performance so remarkable it becomes the defining moment of their careers.These actors left an indelible mark on cinematic history, forever remembered for one unforgettable movie role.Fans Can’t Separate Christopher… More »
Weddings can be a beautiful time, but they can also be prime breeding grounds for family drama. One woman went viral after asking if she was in the wrong for choosing the same first dance at her wedding as her step-sister did — and her reasoning had the internet talking!Drama is often on the menu… More »
The average height for females tends to be shorter than males, but that doesn’t mean that women can’t be taller than men. Celebrities such as Cameron Diaz, Nicole Kidman, and Tina Fey stand a lot taller than their male partners. Keep reading to see how these and many other female celebs prove that height doesn’t… More »
Get ready to dive into the captivating world of Ryan Seacrest! Beyond the polished façade and charismatic on-screen presence, this multifaceted icon has a treasure trove of surprising facts waiting to be unveiled.From hidden talents to behind-the-scenes anecdotes, prepare to be entertained and awed by the untold story of Ryan Seacrest’s life and career.The Host… More »
It often doesn’t take long for people to take their loved ones for granted and that’s especially true when it comes to childcare. And depending on how those loved ones’ personalities are wired, it can take years before they fully realize how starkly they’re being taken advantage of. But when a person gets used to… More »
The Emmys inspire both fashion designers and actors to don their best outfits, accessories, and hairstyles. Unfortunately, there are times when these choices fall flat and do more harm than good.From a bad fit, too many frills, or just a confusing design, here are some of the worst looks seen from the Emmy red carpet.Lena… More »
No matter how beautiful and dream-fulfilling a wedding is, it’s rare for them to go off completely without incident. Because even if the day is perfect, it’s a safe bet that it’s a day the couple has sweated over planning for months.For these reasons and more, it’s natural to be worried that a problem family… More »