More than 50 flood warnings - and dozens more flood alerts - have been issued by the Environment Agency today as two weather warnings remain place.
As up to 80mm of rain is expected across parts of Yorkshire throughout today, the Met Office has two concurrent weather warnings for rain in place, and says flooding is expected.
Following this, the Environment Agency has taken swift action too, confirming 56 flood warnings are in place. The majority of these are for waterways across the Midlands and the Southwest of England, both of which were battered by rain across the miserable last weekend of September.
Nearly 30mm of rain fell in Cardinham, Cornwall, on Sunday, the Met Office says. This equates to around half of an average September rainfall tally. Approximately 23mm of rain lashed across Pembrokeshire in south Wales on Sunday.
Have you been impacted by flooding? Contact webnews@trinitymirror.com
All of the flood warnings concern areas across England but Natural Resources Wales told us it has six less severe flood alerts in place. These are for waterways across north Wales, notably the River Alyn and its catchments.
In England, it is feared the River Great Ouse will burst its banks in several locations in and near Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, which also suffered flooding last week. There is concern for the River Ivel in nearby Bedfordshire as water levels are, according to the Environment Agency, "high and responsive to further rainfall".
The River Cherwell is likely to burst its banks in Oxfordshire, while several points along the River Axe in Devon are subject to flood warnings today. The Environment Agency says anyone living near the following points should "act now" and prepare to minimise the impact of flooding.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.