A beautiful thing about people is that we find ways to connect. Music can be enjoyed across all cultures and allows expression through art. It can bring a sense of peace, understanding and creativity. There are many genres and tons of music to discover in this world. It's time to get familiar with the unfamiliar!
The start of a new semester is the perfect time to make a new playlist. Here are some underrated songs to expand your musical horizons:
‘Mary Jane.’ by RAYE
This London native has broken records with her album "My 21st Century Blues." RAYE released this project independently in February 2023 and has since gained tons of traction. One underrated song from the album is “Mary Jane.” RAYE takes listeners through her story of drug abuse and how she found comfort in addiction. It takes courage to be that vulnerable. 
She sings the lyrics, "You take these bitter thoughts in my brain / And let them fall like summer rain" over a bluesy and rhythmic guitar beat. It takes anyone away and submerses listeners into the story of who she once was and what she once loved.
If you enjoy Amy Winehouse, Jorja Smith, Doja Cat and Mahalia, check out the beautiful and talented RAYE.
‘TOO INVOLVED’ by Nobu Woods
If you love PARTYNEXTDOOR, Bryson Tiller or The Weeknd, you will love this next underground artist. Emerging from Queens is a 22-year-old singer-songwriter called Nobu Woods. He set up a studio in his bedroom and started writing songs in 2017. His most recent album, "MIDNIGHT MOTIONS," was released in October 2023 and features 11 songs.
In "TOO INVOLVED," Woods leads listeners through the story of lovers in a complex relationship — the two struggle with attachment, boundaries and unrealistic expectations.
Lyrics like, "I don't wanna be distant / but you're too involved" and "I know your true intentions / Now you're coming back around" give a clear understanding of what someone may go through when being in love. Nobu Woods is a multi-talented artist who makes the kind of music he loves and is proud of. Give him a try!
‘Wasting Away’ by Abby Sage
Born and raised in Toronto, Abby Sage grew up watching her father in the spotlight and realized that she wanted to follow in his footsteps. In high school, she began to take music more seriously and released alternative indie songs on SoundCloud.
A song that some may find relatable is "Wasting Away." It has a balanced and rhythmic folk-like guitar sound over words full of fear and reflective thoughts. It includes lyrics like "Keep me in your mind I swear / Maybe someday I'll get there / But for now I'm stuck wasting away." 
Abby Sage has a charming way with words and lets herself explore multiple genres. There are beats with a simple repeating guitar tune and some with an electric and experimental melody.
If you love "bedroom pop" artists like Clairo, Men I Trust and The Marias, you should 100% listen to Abby Sage. Watch out for her this year
‘Metamorphosis’ by Infinity Song
Is it true that music runs through blood? This group of siblings makes a great example of the question. 
Infinity Song comprises four siblings: Abraham, Angel, Israel and Momo Boyd. They grew up performing publicly with their family, and their parents founded a boys' and girls' choir. Their inspiration derives from jazz, gospel and classical music.
Their most recent album's title track, "Metamorphosis," contains elevating harmonies and dreamy guitar riffs. 
The song opens with thoughts of self-doubt and wanting to be different. This is outlined by the lyrics, "I just stick to what I'm best at / My personality it lends to bad first impressions." 
As we reach the second verse, the perspective flips. The lyrics explore self-reflection and escaping comfort zones. We see this described by the words, "Finally you've found your gift / And now you're on a rocket ship."
Inspiring lyricism and soft rock tunes make this band thrive. Many fans compare this group to The 5th Dimension, Fleetwood Mac and Simon & Garfunkel. Infinity Song is the perfect band for crossing and bending genres.
‘FEEL GOOD’ by Asiahn
This last artist has written hit songs for artists like Miley Cyrus and Lil Wayne. She's leaving a lasting mark on the music industry. 
Asiahn is an R&B soul artist who floats in soothing beats with a pen of fire. She is a multi-talented musician, which is apparent in her music. She is also open about her sexuality and encourages listeners to love themselves for who they are.
One song that contributes to loving oneself is "FEEL GOOD.”
Released in October 2023, it is centered around being content with yourself and loving everything you are. Some lyrics include, "My alone is never lonely / Something I had to grow and see / Like I'm so good with just me." She preaches accepting who you are because there is only one you in this world.
Asiahn goes above and beyond when creating music. She is unafraid and determined to be successful. If Victoria Monét, Ari Lennox or Summer Walker is on your playlists, take the time to add Asiahn. She deserves more recognition and love.
To listen to all the songs that Jess Selects, you can listen to her playlist here.﻿
@kidcalledjess
jg723322@ohio.edu