Scott Stapp, the front man for the rock band Creed, which recently sold out Madison Square Garden, has weighed in on Breitbart’s own Jon Kahn’s new single “Fingerprints”, which has already gone viral on its first day, garnering hundreds of thousands of views on X alone, and gaining support from John Rich, Sean Hannity, Ric Grenell, among others.
With his latest release “Fingerprints,” Kahn takes listeners on an emotional musical journey that traces the origins of the faith he initially felt but denied as a young boy, only to embrace as a man. 
There was no way of understanding how the song “Fighter” would apply personally, singer-songwriter and Breitbart News COO Jon Kahn said during an appearance on Breitbart News Saturday, walking through the personal loss he is navigating after losing his home in the California wildfires.
Chinese state media on Wednesday coyly confirmed that a mysterious aircraft spotted over the southwestern Sichuan province last week was a new sixth-generation stealth fighter, ostensibly the most advanced combat aircraft in the world.
“Fighter” — the smash hit Trump-inspired anthem from Breitbart News’ Jon Kahn — played to triumphant fist-pumps and cheers at the campaign victory party for President-elect Donald Trump late Tuesday night, capping the song’s meteoric rise in the charts on its way to becoming a campaign rally staple that has been embraced by MAGA Nation and Trump himself.
“Fighter,” the hit tribute song by Breitbart News’s Jon Kahn, prompted those at former President Donald Trump’s historic Madison Square Garden rally Sunday to wave their cell phones as it played throughout the arena, creating a visual one might see at a concert.
Breitbart News’s Jon Kahn’s tribute song to former President Donald Trump, “Fighter,” received huge applause when it played during a Trump rally on Saturday in Butler, Pennsylvania, where the former president returned for the first time since the assassination attempt on his life two months ago.
In an interview Thursday night with Fox News host Trace Gallagher, Jon Kahn, the singer-songwriter of the hit song “Fighter” discussed it’s origins and the inspiration behind what has become a viral sensation. Explaining that the song was actually composed before the first assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump, Kahn said “I along with millions of Americans have seen what President Trump has faced since he was elected: two impeachments; deplatforming from social media; lawfare; the raid on Mar-a-Lago.” He then described the moment the title came to him: “the way he [Trump] walked up to the microphones after the bogus conviction in New York, he’s got that walk that just says everything’s going to be ok. You can throw whatever you want at me but I’m not going anywhere. I just shock my head and said, ‘how does this man get out of bed every day?’
It’s hard to describe the journey of the song “Fighter,” written by Breitbart’s Jon Kahn & Nashville Hitmaker Chris Wallin, and performed by Kahn. The Trump tribute song accompanied by the viral black and white video continues to have a life of its own. Today, “Fighter” claimed the #1 spot atop Billboard’s Digital Sales Charts.  And if that’s not enough, Kahn became Billboard’s #1 emerging artist.
In the first week of its release, “Fighter” — the Trump tribute song that has gone massively viral — has debuted in the top 5 on Billboard’s Digital Sales Charts. The single, co-written by veteran Nashville hitmaker Chris Wallin and performed by Breitbart’s own Jon Kahn, landed at the No. 4 spot, meaning it was was the fourth most purchased song across all digital platforms.
British online newspaper The Independent highlighted Breitbart’s own Jon Kahn’s smash hit single “Fighter,” in an article titled “Donald Trump Posts Dramatic Campaign Video Featuring New ‘Number One’ Song.”
The crowd at former President Donald Trump’s rally in Indiana, Pennsylvania, on Monday erupted into cheers as Breitbart News’s Jon Kahn’s song, “Fighter,” played.
“Fighter” — the new song from Breitbart’s own Jon Kahn that pays tribute to former President Donald Trump’s indomitable spirit –continues to occupy the No. 1 spot on iTunes, dominating the chart for five days straight since it was released last week.
In less than three days of its release, while still retaining the #1 spot on iTunes, the video for Jon Kahn’s smash hit “FIGHTER” has garnered over 10 million views across social media.
“Fighter” — the new song from Breitbart’s Jon Kahn that pays tribute to former President Donald Trump’s indomitable spirit — soared to the No. 1 spot on iTunes less than 24 hours after its release, making it the most downloaded song on the entire platform. Buoyed by an endorsement from Trump on his Truth Social platform, who called the single an “unexpected honor,” “Fighter” is beating out songs from such notable pop stars as Shaboozey, The Weeknd, Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, and even Kamala Harris-supporter Billie Eilish.
Breitbart’s Jon Kahn thanked former President Donald Trump for being the “Fighter America Needs.” When asked about the takeaway of the song is thus far in an interview Friday on Sirius XM’s Breitbart News Daily, Kahn told host Mike Slater: “to recognize who President Trump really is and what he goes up against and we owe it to him to keep fighting alongside him regardless of what we’re going through in our lives.”
Just 24 hours after it went live, Breitbart’s Jon Kahn’s stirring tribute to former President Donald Trump went to #1 on the iTunes charts across all genres. And 48 hours later, it’s still #1. Fueled by intense grassroots support, the song which is accompanied by a stirring video, caught the attention of Fox News host Greg Gutfeld, who implored viewers to keep “Fighter” #1.
Breitbart’s own singer/songwriter Jon Kahn’s anthem”FIGHTER” has taken the music world by storm, managing, within just 24 hours of its release, to claim the #1 spot on iTunes all genres and pop charts, beating out Grammy Award-winning pop superstars like The Weeknd, Lady Gaga, and Billie Eilish and country music stars Shaboozey, Jelly Roll, and Luke Combs.
Within hours of its release, the response to “FIGHTER,” by Breitbart’s own singer/songwriter Jon Kahn, is undeniable as the emotional song has rocketed up the iTunes pop charts into the number 4 slot.
When Breitbart’s own singer/songwriter Jon Kahn sat down at the piano recently, he had one simple thought: What kind of man could withstand the relentless barrage of attacks that have been leveled at former President Donald Trump? The answer was as simple as the question: a FIGHTER.  
Copyright © 2025 Breitbart