By 

	Brittany Spanos


Ariana Grande is in her Blond Ambition era with her new single “Yes, And?” The track is the lead single off her upcoming seventh album, which she has been teasing over the last month.

	The sharp tune features a ballroom-ready house beat, inspired by Madonna’s iconic 1990 single “Vogue.” On Grande’s single, the star gives a middle finger to her critics and reminds everyone to mind their business. “No, I’m so done with caring/What you think/No, I won’t hide,” she sings on the second chorus. Over the course of the song, she tells her listeners that everybody is “healing from somebody” and requests that people “don’t comment on my body, do not reply.”

	In the video, a group of critics are heading to hear the new single while complaining about how much better Grande used to be. They enter as one group leaves and are seated in front of a bunch of statues. The statues soon transform into Grande and her dancers, who vogue across the set. At one point, Grande weaves through the critics’ seats, singing the bridge directly too them while they sit under a heat lamp. The singer turns back into a statue by the end. 

	










	Over the last few months, Grande has posted videos and photos on social media of her in the studio with Max Martin. The pair first worked together on Grande’s sophomore album My Everything.

	Grande hasn’t released a solo song since her 2020 album Positions. Since then, she has appeared on two separate remixes of the Weeknd’s songs: “Save Your Tears” in 2021 and “Die for You” in 2023. She also appeared on a remix of Mariah Carey’s 2010 song “Oh Santa!” alongside Jennifer Hudson in 2020 as well as Demi Lovato’s “Met Him Last Night” in 2021. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	More recently, Grande has been filming the Wicked films; she will star as Glinda in both films alongside Cynthia Erivo’s Elphaba. 

	Prior to the new year, Grande shared a social media post reflecting on her 2023, “One of the most transformative, most challenging, and yet happiest and most special years of my life.” She added, “There were so many beautiful and yet polarized feelings. I’ve never felt more at the mercy of and in acceptance of what life was screaming to teach me. I feel more human than ever. I feel more deeply than ever. I feel softer and stronger, all at once.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.