ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LONDON, ENGLAND - NOVEMBER 28: Timothee Chalamet attends the World Premiere of "Wonka" at The Royal ... More Festival Hall on November 28, 2023 in London, England. (Photo by Alan Chapman/Dave Benett/WireImage)
Timothée Chalamet is one of the hottest actors in Hollywood at the moment. He’s earned the love of the public and critics, snagging major recognitions like an Academy Award nomination. As of this week, he can also add singer to his impressive and ever-expanding resume.
The actor—and now musician—scores his first hit single on the U.K. songs chart this week. Chalamet debuts at No. 78 on the ranking of the most-consumed tracks in the nation with “You’ve Never Had Chocolate Like This.”
The track comes from the soundtrack to the new movie Wonka. Chalamet stars in the film, which tells the origin story of the famous chocolate maker Willy Wonka, from the aptly-titled Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. He’s the third actor to portray the entrepreneur on screen, following Gene Wilder and Johnny Depp.
“You’ve Never Had Chocolate Like This” is one of dozens of tunes that either debut or return to the U.K. songs chart this week. The ranking is nearly completely refreshed, as now all the Christmas hits are gone, since the holiday has passed once again. In the past few frames, the tally was dominated by those jolly cuts, but now they’ve fallen away for another year.
Chalamet scores one of a handful of debuts on the U.K. songs chart this week. He is joined by fellow musicians Flo Milli (“Never Lose Me,” No. 61) and Travis Scott (“My Eyes,” No. 71). More than 50 popular cuts also find their way back to the ranking, now that it’s not as competitive, with stars such as The Weeknd, Olivia Rodrigo, Doja Cat, and Nicki Minaj appearing high on the list with comeback cuts.
Wonka opened worldwide in early December, just in time for families to head to the cinema around the holiday. The movie has received largely positive reviews, and it’s become a box office success. The title has thus far earned more than $400 million at the box office.