VIBE looks into the selection process since JAY-Z and Roc Nation partnered with the league in 2019.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

	The Super Bowl halftime show has evolved from an intermissive slot where collegiate bands often performed patriotic showcases to a culturally relevant performance stage that can cement the superstar power of established musicians.  According to The Washington Post, the tides officially turned in 1993 when Michael Jackson’s halftime show counted more viewers than the game itself. 

	Earlier this week, Kendrick Lamar was announced as the main event for Super Bowl LIX set for February 2025, joining the likes of Usher (2024), Rihanna (2023), and The Weeknd (2021) as solo headlining acts since JAY-Z and Roc Nation joined the NFL in curating the production. He previously took the stage in 2022 alongside Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, and Mary J. Blige for a group performance. Additionally, Shakira and Jennifer Lopez co-headlined the halftime show in 2020.

	









A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar)

	The partnership, established in 2019, named JAY-Z, and Roc Nation co-producers of the Super Bowl halftime show, as well as added their involvement in choosing entertainers who will perform in televised NFL promotional spots throughout the season, selecting music for NFL usage during the season, and enhancing community activism through the NFL’s “Inspire Change” program.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“The process of selection was fractured,” said the Brooklyn rapper at the time, explaining why he has never taken the field per Business Insider. 

	“You take four artists and everyone thinks they’re playing the Super Bowl. It’s almost like this interview process,” he said. “When an artist is finally chosen, now there are three ‘upset’ performers.”

	Seth Dudowsky, the head of music at the NFL, explained to the Associated Press earlier this year, “We really wanted to start to focus on leading into culture.” Dudowsky has worked for the league since 2013 and is the point person for all musical activations and a liaison with JAY-Z’s Roc Nation.

	He continued, “Whether that’s the culture of the city, what’s happening in culture at large and then focusing on it so that what we’re doing feels culturally relevant and using that platform for artists to be able to be themselves and show their art on stage… We want them to feel empowered.”

	










	Still, Dudowsky, JAY-Z, Roc Nation, and the NFL, likely did not predict the controversy that erupted as Kendrick Lamar was confirmed. The news sparked conversations that offered Lil Wayne as the rightful headliner due to the upcoming championship being set to take place in New Orleans. Fans and musicians alike expected a musician from the host city, although historically this has not been the priority.

	In fact, the most recent artist to perform at the Super Bowl in their hometown is Kendrick Lamar, alongside Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre when the big game took place in Los Angeles. In 2013, the New Orleans-based Super Bowl was headlined by Beyoncé.

	“We had this conversation, you can’t go to a city, plop a show down and then leave. Like, at least speak to the community. Speak to the guys that’s on the ground organizing things and trying to make things better, in that sort of way,” explained JAY-Z in 2019 per ET. “Tampa’s next [in 2021]. I love Tampa, but I have no idea who’s from there, who would perform.”

	So, how does the decision get finalized? According to the Charlotte Observer, the process begins with a panel that includes the NFL’s director of entertainment, members NFL’s production company, and the halftime show’s director and producer. A shortlist is then handed over to the Super Bowl’s hosting city for a final decision.

	A statement emailed to Andscape, offers an opposing statement, however. Jay Cicero, president and CEO of the Greater New Orleans Sports Foundation and a Super Bowl LIX Host Committee member explained, “It is the NFL’s decision alone for all entertainment for the Super Bowl. We found out about it at the same time everyone else did this past weekend.”

	










	VIBE has reached out to the NFL for clarity on the process that brings the biggest names in music to the Super Bowl stage. 

	It is likely that the Compton rapper’s victory over Drake in their rap beef earlier this spring, and Drake’s ties to Lil Wayne, has added feelings to the flames, as the selection could be seen as choosing sides. However, statements from those involved are clear that Kendrick is deserving due to his musicality and showmanship.

	“The Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show is a celebration of the music we love and the incredible artists who make it, all on the world’s biggest stage. Apple is thrilled to bring this show, starring the absolutely incomparable Kendrick Lamar, to fans worldwide with Apple Music’s industry-leading Spatial Audio quality along with tons of exclusive videos, interviews, playlists and so much more across Apple Music,” detailed Oliver Schusser, Apple’s Vice President of Apple Music, Apple TV+, Sports, and Beats in a statement.

	Super Bowl LIX is set to be creative directed by pgLANG, with the telecast produced by DPS with Roc Nation and Jesse Collins serving as executive producers, and Hamish Hamilton serving as director. Roc Nation will also serve as the strategic entertainment advisor for the live performance.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.