The next Fortnite Festival season is almost here. Here's when the Lady Gaga Unlock Your Talent pass will come to an end, and who we think is next in line.
Fortnite Festival is my favourite of the three new game modes that were introduced to the game last year. Sure, Lego Fortnite is inventive, but you can't have Peter Griffin, Goku, Solid Snake, and a sentient banana jamming out to the horrifically-inappropriate-for-the-Fortnite-demographic Down with the Sickness by Disturbed. The mode kicked off with The Weeknd and swiftly moved onto Mother Monster herself Lady Gaga.
However, it's almost time for the Fortnite Festival Lady Gaga pass to come to an end, we've got the exact end time for the current pass and some predictions for who could be next in line for a Festival Pass below.
The Fortnite Festival Lady Gaga 'Unlock Your Talent' pass end date is set for 2pm BST / 9am EDT / 6am PDT on Tuesday, April 23 which was confirmed by Epic Games In-game on the Lady Gaga festival pass page was first announced. Players will have until then to unlock all the items included in the pass, including the likes of the Poker Face by Lady Gaga and Black Hole Sun by Soundgarden Jam Tracks.
Fortnite Festival's next festival pass is still a mystery at this point. We didn't find out Lady Gaga was coming to Fortnite Festival until days before the new pass launched, and we're expecting it to be the same case this time around. That being said, it won't stop us from guessing.
Obviously, the biggest rumour for Fortnite Festival is – and always will be until it happens – Taylor Swift. However, this time, the rumour may have more credibility, considering the next Fortnite Festival pass launches on April 22, which is three days after Taylor Swift's new album The Tortured Poets Department will release. The one thing holding me back on this is that despite years of Rock Band DLC, including The Weeknd and Lady Gaga, Harmonix never managed to get Taylor Swift music for the game, in fact the only time Taylor's music has appeared in a music game of this style before now was in 2009's Band Hero, and her stardom – and presumably, licensing price – has risen exponentially since then.
However, one name that did make it to Rock Band DLC and is a possibility is Billie Eilish. Considering how popular she is, it's strange that she's only got one song available in Fortnite Festival, which could be explained by a Festival Pass of her own. Of course, that doesn't necessarily mean that a Billie Eilish Festival Pass is next in line, but we're sure one is on the way.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.