By CLAUDIA SMITH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:37, 16 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:37, 16 April 2024   
 14
View  comments
Katy Perry's metallic crop top snapped off on Monday's episode of American Idol when she stood up to applaud a moving performance by Roman Collins.
The 39-year-old pop superstar got up to cheer with the other judges for Roman, 24, after he sang 'It's a Man's Man's Man's World' when her silver top suddenly broke.
Katy held the top up with her hands and hid behind the table.
'That song broke my top off,' Katy said. 'I guess it is a woman's world.'
'Ratings. Ratings. Ratings. Here we come, ratings,' Luke Bryan, 47, quipped.
Katy Perry 's metallic crop top snapped off on Monday's episode of American Idol when she stood up to applaud a moving performance by Roman Collins
'It's a family show,' Katy said.
'Every time you step on this stage you bring everybody out of their seats,' Luke said. 'You literally have the ability to blow the roof of a place.'
'Or a top,' said Katy, while holding a pillow in front of her chest.
'You have a style that's so unique, I think the world needs to keep hearing it,' Luke told Roman who was forced to sing for a spot in the Top 14.
Roman, a worship leader from Long Beach, California, was the last performer of the two-hour live episode and was competing for one of the judges' four spots in the competition. He belted out the James Brown's hit and the crowd went crazy for him when he finished.
Katy's top was quickly repaired during the commercial break and she revealed that Roman was the last to make the Top 14.
The show whittled the top 20 contestants down to 14  as six contestants were eliminated. Ten of the contestants were voted on by the audience but the remaining 10 had to sing to compete to win one of the four spots selected by the judges.
Quintavious, 22, a vocal coach and worship leader, from Franklin, Tennessee, was the first contestant to learn from host Ryan Seacrest, 49, that he had to sing for one of the judges spots. He performed Mariah Carey's hit Make It Happen.
The 39-year-old pop superstar got up to cheer with the other judges for Roman, 24, after he sang 'It's a Man's Man's Man's World' when her silver top suddenly broke
Show host Ryan Seacrest checked on Katy while standing on the stage next to Roman
Lionel Richie and Luke Bryan remained in their seats as Katy hid behind the table
Katy wore a silver crop top with a shelf-like feature
The singer's top fell apart toward the end of the two-hour episode
'That was probably the best performance we have seen you do yet,' Luke said. 'We have votes tonight. Way to show up.'
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, an esthetician, from Gilbert, Arizona, was told she was moving on to the top 14 and could just sing for fun. McKenna then sang Tumbleweed by Nowhere Man and a Whiskey Girl in tribute to her birth mother.
Jordan Anthony, 19, from Perth Australia, was told he needed to sing for his spot to move on in the competition. He sang Attention by Charlie Puth.
'It was our best performance so far,' Katy said.
Jack Blocker, 25, a graphic designer from Dallas, was told he made it into the Top 14 and Ryan told him to have fun singing. Jack sang Feeling Whitney by Post Malone. The crowd cheered for him when finished.
Kennedy Reid, 23, a mortician from New Albany, Indiana, learned she did not make it to the top 14. She sang Something Bad by Miranda Lambert and Carrie Underwood, to win one of the judges' picks.
'That is the way to deal with no,' Lionel Richie, 74, said. 'When America said no, you said I don't think so.'
Jennifer Jeffries, 18, a college student from Starkville, Mississippi, also learned she had to sing to win one of the judges spots. Jennifer sang All I Want by Kodaline.
Quintavious, 22, a vocal coach and worship leader, from Franklin, Tennessee, was the first contestant to learn from host Ryan Seacrest, 49, that he had to sing for one of the judges spots
McKenna Faith Breinholt, 25, an esthetician, from Gilbert, Arizona, was told she was moving on to the top 14 and could just sing for fun
Jordan Anthony, 19, from Perth Australia, was told he needed to sing for his spot to move on in the competition and sang Attention by Charlie Puth
Jack Blocker, 25, a graphic designer from Dallas, was told he made it into the Top 14 and Ryan told him to have fun singing
'I just love your voice,' Luke Bryan said.
Ajii, 27, from Brooklyn, New York, joined Ryan center stage and learned that he did not make it to the top 14. The audience chanted his name. He then sang Call Out my name by The Weeknd. The audience screamed for him when he finished.
Mia Matthews, 19, from Centre, Alabama was told she was moving on directly to the top 14. She then took to the stage and sang Cam's Burning House. Mia said her family drove 30 hours to be in the audience for her.
Ryan told Kayko, 23, from Fort Lauderdale, Florida, that he wanted him to stay in the competition because he was the only person he had ever been taller than on the show. Kayko then learned he had made it to the top 14. He then sang his original song What If?
Nya, 28, from New York City, found out that she did not make the Top 14 and had to fight for one of the coveted spots. Nya sang Water by Tyla.
'I am telling you I just want America to rethink the situation because I think that was a star performance,' Lionel said.
Will Moseley, 23, from Hazelhurst, Georgia, learned that he made it to the Top 14 and then performed his original song Gone for Good while playing the guitar.
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, learned she made it to the top 14. She then sang My Mind by Yebba. Odell, 29, from Austin, wasn't so fortunate and was told he had to sing for a spot to move on. He sang Wait on You.
Jennifer Jeffries, 18, a college student from Starkville, Mississippi, also learned she had to sing to win one of the judges spots
Ajii, 27, from Brooklyn, New York, joined Ryan center stage and learned that he did not make it to the top 14 and sang for survival
Will Moseley, 23, from Hazelhurst, Georgia, learned that he made it to the Top 14 and then performed his original song Gone for Good while playing the guitar
Abi Carter, 21, from Indio, California, learned she made it to the top 14
'Great job,' Luke said.
Kabrienne, 20, from Henefer, Utah, was excited she made it to the Top 14 and performed Zombie by The Cranberries. The crowd cheered for her.
Ryan told MacKenzieSol, 23, from Las Vegas, that he had to sing to win one of the judge's spots. He performed False Alarms by Lawrence featuring Jon Bellion.
'This is you and you showed up,' Katy said.
Emmy Russell, 25, from Nashville, walked out on the stage barefoot to find out that she had been voted on to the top 14. She then sang her original song Skinny. She was shaking by the time the song ended.
Julia Gagnon, 22, a college student from Cumberland, Maine, was excited when she learned she made it to the top 14. Shen then sang Need A Favor by Jelly Roll.
Jayna Elise, 22, from Washington, DC, learned she had to sing for her survival and sang All I wanted by Paramour. The crowd went wild when she finished.
Emmy Russell, 25, from Nashville, walked out on the stage barefoot to find out that she had been voted on to the top 14
Lionel, Katy, Luke and host Ryan smiled during the Top 14 reveal episode
'I am telling you that was a command performance,' Lionel said.
Triston Harper, 15, a high school student from McIntosh, Alabama, moved on to the Top 14. He sang Cody Johnson's hit 'Til You Can't.
In the final moments of the show, the judges announced that besides Roman that they were saving Jayna, Jordan and Nya.
American Idol will return Sunday on ABC.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group