Photo: Getty Images
New Kids on the Block brought the energy to night two of the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, standing out as the first set of the evening and the icons' first time performing at the incredible annual event. 
The 80s heartthrobs immediately took blockheads back in time with 1988's "The Right Stuff" and "Please Don't Go Girl," followed by 1990's "Step By Step" and "Tonight," walking into the crowd to dance with concertgoers as they sang, "remember when we traveled 'round the world" as they traveled 'round the arena putting smiles on fan's faces. 
The artists finished their epic set with "Kids," featured on their latest album, Still Kids, released in May 2024, and 1988's "Hangin' Tough" with the help of surprise guest, Flavor Flav. 
The band, assisted by the legendary rapper, serenaded the crowd with Queen classic, "We Will Rock You" while setting the stage on fire with unforgettable dance moves. 
New Kids on the Block sat down with Elvis Duran and the Morning Show in May to discuss the intricacies of their latest album, the writing process behind the record, and what it takes to achieve the perfect "balance" as a performer. They also just announced their first-ever Las Vegas residency, "THE RIGHT STUFF", slated to kick off in June 2025.
So, what exactly can fans expect from the hitmaker's upcoming residency? 
According to the band, "excitement, energy, hit records, nostalgia, all the feels" and "all the love" will set the groundwork for "THE RIGHT STUFF" set to span from June 20, to July 5, 2025 and November 1, to November 15, 2025. 
You heard it here first! 
Other artists that took the stage as part of night two of this year's festival include Doja Cat, Keith Urban, The Weeknd, Halsey, and more!
If you missed any of the action this weekend, or just want to re-live it all, an iHeartRadio Music Festival special including highlights from the event will be available to stream on Hulu on October 7th. Check out the official Post Show presented by M&M’S LIVE (with Maxwell & Crystal Rosas) on iHeartRadio’s YouTube after the last performer exits the stage for a full recap of the festival's best moments.
The party doesn't have to stop there! Listen to New Kids on the Block on iHeartRadio now!