Since you need to get your partner on board, we suggest planning your couple's Halloween costume early.
We're already excited for what is arguably the best party season of the year, full of haunted houses with friends and family, special events and costume soirees. Two fabulous Halloween costumes are better than one, which is why we've rounded up the best couples' costumes for Halloween 2024.
It's the year of Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce, so dress up as the pair at the Super Bowl. Or, honor another iconic Hollywood couple: Beetlejuice and Lydia in her stunning red wedding gown. The iconic duo from Deadpool & Wolverine are also a great option for couples.
We've got your best-dressed votes in the bag. Below, check out some of our favorite Halloween couples' costume ideas for Halloween 2024.
Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to meeee.
Dress up as Taylor and Travis on the day of the Chiefs' Super Bowl win. A Kelce jersey is an easy grab, and Swift's all-black outfit is simple to recreate with more affordable lookalikes. Don't forget the ponytail and red lipstick.
This Kelce jersey comes in standard and plus sizes.
$130
This corset top that tapers looks similar to Swift's at a much more affordable price point.
$20 $14
This more affordable take on Swift's cutout jeans is even called the Taylor.
$119
Recreate this year's Deadpool & Wolverine for a silly couple's costume. Pre-made costumes of the duo are easy to find.
Get a jumpsuit and mask with this costume.
$80 and up
Grab this bodysuit, mask and handwraps.
$60 $42
Go Regency chic as Penelope and Colin from Bridgerton. Penelope is often seen in green and yellow, and Colin wears an iconic brown coat.
This elegant green gown has the perfect puff sleeves.
$65
This replica of a yellow dress Penelope wears is worth the splurge.
$193
Pair this coat with a vest and ruffle collar and you're good to go.
$53 $50
with coupon
While it was released in 1988, Beetlejuice continues to be a slam dunk for Halloween. Bella Hadid and The Weeknd even dressed up as the classic pair in 2018. 
People will recognize this classic red wedding dress. 
$60
Opt for this lesser-known outfit Beetlejuice wears for his wedding to Lydia. 
$70
The ancient rulers Cleopatra and Mark Antony are still going strong as an option for Halloween couples' costumes. In 2010, Chrissy Teigen and John Legend dressed up as the mighty pair. 
Be the brave military man Mark Antony who ruled under Julius Caesar and fell in love with Cleopatra. 
$60 $35
Channel Queen Cleopatra in this stunning top and skirt set. Complete the look with the matching headpiece and your favorite gold accessories for a striking ensemble.
$65 $49
Cleopatra needs to be dripping in gold, and these accessories will help you shine at your next Halloween party. 
$32
We are loving this throwback photo of Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin dressed up as the main lovebirds from I Love Lucy.
Put some chocolate bonbons in your apron to recreate the legendary chocolate factory scene.
$36 $28
All you really need to be Ricky Ricardo is a black suit and bow tie, but this brown straw hat is similar to one he wore on the show.
$15 $13
RELATED CONTENT: 
Style
Best Lists
Best Lists
Best Lists
Best Lists