Amid a record-breaking year, Travis Scott has added another tour date to his Australian tour run due to overwhelming demand. 

													By
												

	Jessica Lynch


	Houston-born rapper Travis Scott has announced an expansion of his Circus Maximus World Tour in Australia, adding a second date at Sydney’s Allianz Stadium due to overwhelming demand. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Travis Scott		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The tour expansion is part of a purple patch for Scott, marked by record-breaking album sales and tour performances.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	The Australian and New Zealand leg of Scott’s tour will kick off after stops in Chile, Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Puerto Rico, and Mexico in September. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	On Oct. 9, between the Latin American and Australian legs, Scott will also perform for one night only at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey.

	










	Scott’s latest album, UTOPIA, released on July 28, 2023, debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, selling 496,000 album-equivalent units in its first week and earning Scott his third consecutive leader.

UTOPIA held the No. 1 position for four consecutive weeks, making it the longest-running top rap album of 2023. The album’s debut week also saw an impressive 330.68 million on-demand streams.

	Featuring collaborations with music icons like Drake, Beyoncé, and The Weeknd, UTOPIA showcases Scott’s ability to create chart-topping hits. The album’s lead single, “ESCAPE PLAN,” peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100.

	The North American leg of the Circus Maximus World Tour has proved equally impressive, grossing $95.7 million across 44 dates with a total attendance of 686,000​​ and making it the highest-grossing rap tour of 2024. He also made history with a show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles, where he became the first rapper to headline the venue in 2023.

	Currently on the European and U.K. leg of his tour, Scott has already grossed over $23.6 million with nearly 200,000 attendees across the first seven dates.

	His performance at London’s Tottenham Hotspur Stadium drew over 48,500 fans and grossed more than $6.6 million, marking his largest headline show to date and breaking the stadium’s merchandise sales record.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.