ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 04: Miley Cyrus performs onstage during the 66th GRAMMY Awards on ... More February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
A few months into 2024 and it’s finally time to look back at the definitive list of the biggest songs in the world in 2023. The IFPI (International Federation of the Phonographic Industry) has released its annual ranking of the 10 most-consumed tracks on the planet in the year prior, and one extremely popular tune leads them all.
Miley Cyrus’ “Flowers” has been named the No. 1 song in the world in 2023. The smash marks the first time that the former Disney Channel star has earned the highest rung on this tally. “Flowers” was released in very early 2023, giving the cut the entire year in which to rack up sales and streams and work its way to the No. 1 spot on this highly-anticipated roster.
“Flowers” was a massive hit from the moment it arrived. The tune reached No. 1 on charts all around the world, and it has held on many of them ever since. The tune recently experienced a surge in consumption, as Cyrus performed it during the Grammys earlier this month and even won a pair of prizes–including the all-important Record of the Year–for the single.
Rema and Selena Gomez rank at No. 2 with their collaboration “Calm Down,” which is noted as one of “the most successful Afrobeats songs of all time,” according to the IFPI’s social media rollout. The track was initially released in early 2022, with Gomez’s remix coming in August of that year. Somehow, it still managed to perform incredibly well all around the globe throughout the following year as well.
Another 2022 tune, SZA’s “Kill Bill,” appears at No. 3. The song was first made available on her album SOS from that year before being spun off as a massive hit single in early 2023.
In 2016, The Weeknd released his song “Die For You,” which was only a minor commercial win at the time. After it picked up steam and found a new life on TikTok, the R&B powerhouse re-released the track with Ariana Grande in tow, turning it into a blockbuster win. The reworked version sits at No. 4 on this ranking.
Yet another 2022 single, “As It Was” by Harry Styles, closes out the top five. The track, which was the No. 1 biggest hit in the world on last year’s ranking (which reflected listening in 2022), slips only a few spots. That’s not commonly seen on the IFPI’s tallies, as there is usually plenty of turnover.
The rest of the songs featured on the IFPI’s list of the 10 biggest singles in the world in 2023 also feature several 2022 tunes, which used the full past year to rack up streams and sales and dominate charts. The lower half of the tally looks like this: “La Bebe” by Yng Lvcas and Peso Pluma (No. 6), “Cruel Summer” by Taylor Swift (No. 7), “Last Night” by Morgan Wallen (No. 8), “Anti-Hero” by Swift (No. 9) and finally, “Seven” by Jung Kook and Latto (No. 10).