Emma Stone won the best actress in a leading role award for Poor Things at the 2024 Oscars
Emma Stone has revealed that she'd actually prefer if we didn't call her that - because it isn't her real name.
She said she would like people to use the name she was born with, adding: "That would be so nice. I would like to be Emily."
The 35-year-old told The Hollywood Reporter, external she gets "people that I work with" to call her Emily "when I get to know them".
Stone says she chose to change her name because Emily "was taken" by someone else in her actors' union before her.
Emma Stone's hero growing up was Emma Bunton and inspired her name change
But she said during an interview to promote her new show The Curse that she "freaked out a couple of years ago" about not using her real first name.
"For some reason, I was like, 'I can’t do it any more.'"
She said her co-star Nathan Fielder "calls me Em, which is easier", and he added: "That's a way of bridging it."
Back in 2018, the actress said the reason she chose the name Emma was due to her favourite Spice Girl, Baby Spice - or - Emma Bunton.
Emma Stone: Sex scenes in Poor Things are 'honest'
Disney's live-action Cruella gets mixed reviews
The Netflix drama from James Bond's new director
Stone isn't the only one to change their name because someone in the acting world was already using it. 
Actor and former Doctor Who star David Tennant changed his stage name at 16, because someone in his actors' union already had his real name - David McDonald.
He got the name after flipping through a music magazine and seeing Pet Shop Boys' frontman Neil Tennant.
Meanwhile, Canadian singer The Weeknd changed his stage name, external by dropping the final "e" because there was a Canadian band already called The Weekend, and he wanted to avoid any "copyright issues".
David Tennant recently hosted the Bafta Film Awards
US actress and director Elizabeth Banks also had to change her name because there was already an Elizabeth Mitchell - her real name - registered with the Screen Actors Guild. 
She's reported to have said: "So I made a list and then alphabetised it, and Banks was the first one on the list. And I called SAG and they said it was available, so I said, 'I'll take it!' I just wanted it over with!"
Kemi Badenoch, Wes Streeting and Reform’s Zia Yusuf grilled by Laura Kuenssberg after local elections
Eight arrested in two separate anti-terror operations
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.