CLEMSON, S.C. (FOX Carolina) - Clemson wide receiver Blackmon Huckabee has kicked off a new career path as a recording artist. The Clover, SC native released his first single, an original composition, ‘Run With Me,’ on June 14.
In a post on Instagram, Huckabee shared how much the release of the song meant to him.
“This song is really special to me not only because it’s my debut, but because of everything I’ve had to go through mentally and physically during the process,” Huckabee said. “I almost lost my right leg completely, broke the other one in three places, and still somehow managed to finish the season while finishing this track.”
A post shared by Blackmon Huckabee (@blackmonhuck)
Huckabee spent the 2020 season at Furman before he walked on at Clemson in 2021. He saw limited game action with the Tigers and then in the spring of 2023, his football career flashed before his eyes. Huckabee took a hit during a spring workout that he said ultimately could have led to his leg being amputated. Once back on the field with the Tigers, he then broke his other leg during the fall.
“Through all of the highs and lows, (& three surgeries) we were able to come out of it with a super dope song that you can move to and relate to,” Huckabee said of his journey. “I tried my best to infuse every aspect of my personality and artistry into this one, and we’re only scratching the surface of what’s to come.”
Clemson fans first saw Huckabee’s talent last summer when a video of him singing ‘Tennessee Whiskey’ acapella went viral. Clemson head football coach Dabo Swinney had put him on the spot during a team meeting after hearing about the senior’s talents.
He then sang the National Anthem acapella in front of 83,000 at Memorial Stadium during the Tiger’s Military Appreciation game on November 11.
Who’s ready?? “Run With Me” drops TONIGHT at midnight on all platforms. Here’s an inside look at how we made it. pic.twitter.com/gJ32BzgQpk
“I appreciate everyone who has helped me along the way, my teammates/coaches/staff that believe in me, and everyone who is ready to come on this journey with me,” Huckabee said.
Huckabee’s debut release has some real star power behind it. Dale Becker, the mastering engineer is a multi-Grammy award winner having worked with household names including Aretha Franklin, Earth Wind & Fire, Billie Eilish, SZA, The Weeknd, and Harry Styles, among countless others.
Copyright 2024 WHNS. All rights reserved.