Sign up to our free newsletter to get the latest news delivered straight to your inbox.
AFRO American Newspapers

					The Black Media Authority				

			Your contribution is appreciated.		
By Lisa WoelflCapital News Service
Music artist FKA twigs is urging Congress to ban unauthorized use of artificial intelligence to replicate her image or voice.
The singer, whose full name is Tahliah Debrett Barnett, said that she uses the technology herself to engage with fans in different languages or respond to press requests.
“What is not acceptable is when my art and my identity can simply be taken by a third party and exploited falsely for their own gain,” FKA twigs told a Senate Judiciary Committee’s intellectual property subcommittee on May 7. “Our careers and our livelihoods are in jeopardy.”
Sign up for our Daily eBlast to get coverage on Black communities from the media company who has been doing it right for over 132 years.
Generative AI has been used to create songs, such as “Heart on my Sleeve”, which replicated the voices of popular music artists Drake and The Weeknd. Works like these take away revenue from the original artists, industry leaders argue.
But the problem is much bigger than that.
AI has been used to generate sexually explicit images of Taylor Swift, emulate President Joe Biden’s voice in robocalls and sell dental plans using a replica of Tom Hanks’ likeness.
A bipartisan Senate bill aims to address all of these issues. The proposal would hold individuals, companies, and platforms liable if they produce or host unauthorized replicas, but includes some exceptions to protect free speech.
Sen. Chris Coons, D-Delaware, and chairman of the subcommittee, said that he created his own AI-generated song using a replica of Frank Sinatra’s voice.
“The song was fun to create,” Coons said, adding that he had the permission of the rights holder to do so.
Sen. Thom Tillis of North Carolina, the ranking Republican on the panel, said that he uses the generative AI ChatGPT for one hour every day as part of his news feed. Congress has to be careful not to overstep the rights of others when trying to regulate AI use, he said.
The current draft might infringe on First Amendment rights, experts and industry leaders warned the committee.
Ben Sheffner, senior vice president and associate counsel at the Motion Picture Association, warned of a chilling effect new regulations might have in the use of technology for storytelling. He used the example of the film classic “Forrest Gump,” which features the main character interacting with digital replicas of former presidents. That might not be possible under the proposed bill, he said.
Sheffner said a new law is not necessary, but if Congress wants to address AI issues, legislation should be narrow and deal with gaps around election fraud and sexually explicit images.
Adding a federal layer to the existing “patchwork of state laws” will only exacerbate the problems, Sheffner said.
Lisa Ramsey, law professor at the University of San Diego, echoed free speech concerns. She said a new law should include specific exceptions to liability for expression protected by the First Amendment. Additionally, the current draft’s basis for permitting legal action against a person or entity allegedly misusing AI is too broad, she said.
“I’m glad that we are taking up this bill,” Tillis said, despite the challenges to balance privacy rights and free speech. “We need to get it right.”
Coons said that the committee will refine the bill in the next two weeks and he hopes to introduce it later this month.
This article was originally published by Capital News Service.
132 years ago we were covering Post-Reconstruction when a former enslaved veteran started the AFRO with $200 from his land-owning wife. In 2022 we endorsed Maryland’s first Black Governor, Wes Moore. And now we celebrate the first Black Senator from Maryland, Angela Alsobrooks!

			Your contribution is appreciated.		
The AFRO knows what it’s like to endure challenging times. John H. Murphy, Sr., a former enslaved man founded the AFRO in 1892 with $200 from his wife, Martha Howard Murphy. Together they created a platform to offer images and stories of hope to advance their community. The AFRO provides readers with good news about the Black community not otherwise found.
Learn More
Baltimore, MD Office
233 E. Redwood Street Suite 600G
Baltimore, MD 21202
Washington, DC Office
Uline Arena Building
1140 3rd St., 2nd Flr, NE
Washington, DC 20002
Voice: 410-554-8200
Email: customerservice@afro.com

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.