Manage your account
Blackpink’s Lisa will make her acting debut on season three of The White Lotus.
HBO confirmed the news on Monday, along with the announcement that Scott Glenn and Julian Kostov will also be joining the cast. The Blackpink member will be credited under her given name, Lisa Manobal.
More from Rolling Stone
Everything We Know About 'The White Lotus' Season Three
He Gave the Most Chilling Performance of the Year as a Nazi
'The White Lotus' Confirms Season 3 Cast, Filming Begins Soon in Thailand
As for all casting for this upcoming season, details of her character have yet to be revealed. Manobal will be the second member of the South Korean group to appear in an HBO series, following the performance of Jennie (who was credited as Jennie Ruby Jane) in her debut on The Idol, the controversial show helmed by Sam Levinson and The Weeknd.
Production for the series begins this month in and around the Four Seasons Koh Samui, as well as Phuket and Bangkok, Thailand.  Deadline previously reported last November that the cast will include a patriarch, a female corporate executive, an actress, and several mothers, including a country club wife, a misfit, and a yogi.
The first season of the hit HBO series garnered 20 Emmy nominations and 10 wins, while the Sicily-based second installment received 23 Emmy nods and took home five awards.
Manobal will be joining a large ensemble that includes Walton Goggins (Justified),  Michelle Monaghan (True Detective), Parker Posey (Beau Is Afraid), Sarah Catherine Hook (First Kill), Sam Nivola (Maestro), Patrick Schwarzenegger (Gen V), Aimee Lou Wood (Sex Education), and more.
When speaking to Rolling Stone in 2022, Manobal discussed the possibility of trying things beyond the group. “I respect everyone’s roles within Blackpink. I don’t want to break this image; I want to keep doing what I do within Blackpink,” she said. “But personally, I have so many things I want to try. I love photography, I want to try acting, and more.”
Best of Rolling Stone
70 Greatest Comedies of the 21st Century
Risky Business: Every Tom Cruise Film, Ranked – Updated
70 Greatest Music Documentaries of All Time