What a cast!
PSA: The Weeknd, Barry Koeghan and Jenna Ortega are set to star in a new film together and we've got you covered on all the details of the star-studded production.
The untitled project is set to be directed by Trey Edward Shults, who Abel Tesfaye (that's The Weeknd's real name, BTW) co-wrote the script with and Jenna is expected to take on a role as executive producer of the film.
The rest of the details are pretty under wraps for now, but from the cast to expected release date and more, here is everything you need to know about the new movie.
Abel, who co-wrote the project, is set to star in the film, making it his first acting role since his part in The Idol, alongside Lily Rose-Depp and Jenny Kim.
Barry Keoghan and Jenna Ortega, fresh off the hype around Saltburn and Wednesday, complete the star-studded cast and crew.
The film is being directed by Trey Edward Shults, the director behind Waves and It Comes at Night. He also co-wrote the movie and is executive producing it, alongside Jenna.
The film will also be produced by Abel's producing partner Reza Fahim, who is a co-writer and also worked on The Idol, as well as producers Kevin Turen and Harrison Kreiss. 
In an interview with Rolling Stone in 2020, Abel began teasing the screenplay that he worked on when touring work dried up during the pandemic. "I can’t talk about it too much yet", he said, adding "I really want it to be official."
Now, according to Variety, the film is shooting in Los Angeles, US so we could expect the film to air sometime this year. Exciting!
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
The Thursday Murder Club first-look & release date
Sunrise on the Reaping lead roles confirmed 
The devastating ending of Holland explained
I Know What You Did Last Summer new poster reveal
We finally know the Verity movie release date 
What to know about the Wuthering Heights movie
Dujonna Gift is Snow White's secret weapon
Gwyneth on Timothée Chalamet sex scenes 
The full Freaky Friday sequel trailer just dropped
Zendaya joins the cast of Shrek 5
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.