e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Universal’s Horror Nights fans spoke with their feet this Halloween season to determine the most popular haunted mazes and an uncontested winner emerged from the bloody pack of contenders at this year’s event.
Insidious: The Further was the most popular haunted maze based on average wait times at Halloween Horror Nights 2024 with Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Legacy of Leatherface the clear runner- up, according to Thrill Data.
A Quiet Place, The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy and Dead Exposure: Death Valley tied for a distant third place, according to Thrill Data.
ALSO SEE: 8 Universal Horror Nights haunted houses ranked from best to worst
The tie-breaker went to A Quiet Place which had the second longest wait time for any individual night of the event, according to Thrill Data.
Thrill Data scrapes wait times released through the Universal Studios Hollywood mobile app and uses data analytics to track trends and generate charts about the visitor experience at the park.
Universal conducts guest surveys to determine the most popular Horror Nights mazes — but that data is not publicly shared.
ALSO SEE: 7 best things I ate at Universal’s Halloween Horror Nights
Halloween Horror Nights 2024 features eight new haunted mazes on select nights at Universal Studios Hollywood. The popular haunted event that started on Sept. 5 runs for a few more nights through Sunday, Nov. 3.
Here are the average wait times for this year’s Hollywood Horror Nights mazes at Universal Studios Hollywood, according to Thrill Data.
The most popular Horror Nights maze of 2024 — Insidious: The Further — tells the story of the haunted Lambert family after their son slips into a coma and becomes possessed by a demon. The maze takes visitors inside an ethereal supernatural realm known as The Further where they battle demonic entities and vengeful spirits.
The least popular maze based on a major Hollywood intellectual property — Ghostbusters: Frozen Empire — draws inspiration from the latest movie in the supernatural comedy franchise released in March.
Dead Exposure: Death Valley was the most popular of the original mazes created for Horror Nights 2024 — ranking one notch above the Ghostbusters maze.
Monstruos 2: The Nightmares of Latin America — another original concept from the Horror Nights creative team — was the least popular maze of the 2024 season.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group