This week's most important music industry stories in Canada.

This year, Billboard Canada will introduce the first Canadian edition of Power Players. The list will celebrate individuals pivotal in advancing Canadian music and boosting artists who are making a global impact.

Billboard Canada’s Power Players celebration will take place on Sunday, June 2, 2024, with an event held on the opening night of the long-running music festival and industry conference, Canadian Music Week (CMW).

	CMW founder Neill Dixon says he noticed a void within the music industry and was looking for a method to spotlight key industry professionals. In its 42-year history, CMW has established itself as the central hub for industry professionals from Canada and across the globe. The introduction of Billboard Canada‘s Power Players list is set to provide a significant boost, propelling these industry voices to new heights.




			Trending on Billboard		






	“[It’s] a recognition long overdue for Canada,” says Dixon. 

	Canada’s music industry is in a pivotal moment of transformation. Following the breakout success of artists like Drake, The Weeknd, Justin Bieber and Shawn Mendes over the last decade and a half, a new generation of emerging artists is making its mark on the world stage.

	In 2023, Tate McRae established herself as a global star, hitting No. 1 on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100 and Billboard‘s Global 200. Punjabi-Canadian artists like Karan Aujla and AP Dhillon made major waves across the world and signalled the global potential of Canada’s cross-cultural music scene. Meanwhile, with Canadian Content regulations and the Broadcasting Act under review for the first time in a generation, the industry is being reshaped and rethought before our eyes.

	The Power Players list will be peer-nominated and selected by the Billboard Canada team. Nominations are set to open in February. – Richard Trapunski

Luminate 2023 Year-End Report Reveals Canadians Love Old Music, Afrobeats and Country

	In 2023, Canadian total album consumption was up, while album sales — including physical and digital — declined slightly, according to the Luminate Year-End Music Report released this week. 

	While Luminate usually releases a separate Canadian report, this year the country’s data is included with the full global report.

	In Canada, catalog sales are strong. Luminate compared growth in catalog consumption versus current release consumption, and found that in Canada, catalog represented 73.1% of music consumption while current releases represented only 26.9%. Catalog consumption also grew more than current release consumption last year, at 17.4% versus 9.1%.

	Canada came in ninth place on Luminate’s list of the top 10 countries by streaming volume, with 145.3 billion streams. Canada doesn’t appear on the top 10 countries by streaming growth list, however, where India took the number one spot. Canada is also one of five countries outside the United States where hip-hop and R&B perform the best on streaming.

	In Canada, Afrobeats had a big year thanks to Rema and Selena Gomez‘s “Calm Down,” (which finished second on Luminate’s list of top 10 songs of 2023 in Canada by audio- and video-on-demand streams) but Latin music has struggled to break through in the same way as it has in the United States, with 2023 heavy-hitters Peso Pluma and Karol G failing to land on Canada’s year-end charts. Country is very popular, though: Morgan Wallen is on Canada’s top 10 albums of 2023 by total equivalent album units, finishing at No. 1 with One Thing at a Time and at No. 4 with Dangerous: The Double Album. Further down the list is Luke Combs’ Gettin’ Old at No. 9.

	Find all of the Luminate year-end lists and data insights, both for Canada and the United States, here. – Rosie Long Decter

Rêve Finds Some “Contemporary Love” on the Billboard Canadian Hot 100

	This week marks the first Billboard Canadian Hot 100 since the holidays, and with the drop-off of seasonal songs, there’s lots of room for shakeups on the charts. The opening has certainly benefitted Montreal dance-pop artist Rêve, who has a new entry on the charts this week: Her new song, “Contemporary Love,” lands at No. 77.

	This isn’t Rêve’s first Canadian Hot 100 appearance; her single “Whitney” finished at No. 68 on 2023’s year-end Canadian Hot 100 and cracked the top 10 on Billboard‘s Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart in the United States. A previous single, “CTRL + ALT + DEL,” peaked at No. 38 on the Canadian Hot 100 and was certified platinum. In 2023, Rêve released her full-length debut, Saturn Return, and was featured in Billboard‘s Dance Artist of the Month series. She also picked up a Juno Award for Breakthrough Artist.

	“Contemporary Love,” a cut off Saturn Return, was released along with a music video in July. The track is now picking up steam following Rêve’s guest judge appearance on Canada’s Drag Race at the end of 2023, where she gave pointers to the competitors on a girl group challenge. The energetic dance-pop track, featuring very ’80s synth bass and drum fills as well as a rapid-fire chorus, has an intensity that could propel it even further up the chart.

	Also making moves on the Canadian Hot 100 this week is Tate McRae, who returns to No. 1 with “greedy” following a holiday hiatus. The Calgary pop star is also blowing up in the United States, having just claimed the No. 3 spot on the Billboard Hot 100, behind Jack Harlow‘s “Lovin On Me” and Taylor Swift‘s “Cruel Summer.” Might she have enough momentum to take the No. 1 spot in the coming weeks?

	Notably, McRae currently has two other songs on the Canadian Hot 100: “exes” at No. 19 and “run for the hills,” which hit a new peak at No. 34. Both are also charting on the U.S. Hot 100. – Rosie Long Decter
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.