By Matt Grobar 
Senior Film Reporter

EXCLUSIVE: Actress Suzanna Son has signed with Independent Artist Group for representation.

	Son is best known for her acclaimed breakout performance opposite Simon Rex in Sean Baker’s Red Rocket, a dark comedy that marked her acting debut. Released by A24 in December 2021 after world premiering in competition at Cannes, the film follows the misadventures of Mikey Saber (Rex), a washed-up adult film star who returns to his Texas hometown in search of a fresh start. Mikey’s plans take a turn when he becomes entangled with Strawberry (Son), a 17-year-old local girl who works at a donut shop, whose innocence and ambition reignite his dreams of stardom — at a dangerous cost.

	










	For her work in the film, Son was nominated for Breakthrough Performer at the Gotham Awards and Best Supporting Female at the Independent Spirit Awards. As part of the film’s release, A24 launched their record label with Son’s rendition of NSYNC’s iconic “Bye Bye Bye” as their first single.




			Watch on Deadline		






	A trained pianist, dancer and vocalist, Son followed that project up with a role opposite The Weeknd and Lily Rose-Deep on HBO’s drama The Idol, co-created by Euphoria‘s Sam Levinson, which had its world premiere at the 2023 Cannes Film Festival. For the series, Son also wrote and performed original music for the soundtrack alongside artists including The Weeknd, Blackpink’s Jennie, and Madonna. She also joined The Weeknd on his record-breaking “After Hours Till Dawn” tour as a special musical guest.

	Son most recently wrapped production on Fear Street: Prom Queen, a film following up Netflix’s Fear Street horror trilogy, released in 2021. She continues to be represented by Stride Management and attorney Ryan LeVine of Jackoway Austen Tyerman.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.