Watch performances by Paul McCartney, The Rolling Stones, Prince, Tom Petty & The Heartbreakers, Bruce Springsteen and The Who.
 By Andy Kahn Feb 9, 2024 • 1:20 pm PST
On Sunday, Super Bowl LVIII will be played at Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas with the AFC Champion Kansas City Chiefs taking on the NFC Champion San Francisco 49ers. Along with commercials, prop-bets and celebrity sightings, the Big Game’s Halftime Show typically provides a memorable musical performance to alongside the action on the turf.  
Super Bowl LVIII halftime entertainment will be provided by Usher who follows previous mid-game performances by Rihanna (Super Bowl LVII), Dr. Dre/Snoop Dogg/Mary J. Blige & other Hip Hop legends (Super Bowl LVI), The Weeknd (Super Bowl LV), Shakira & Jennifer Lopez (Super Bowl LIV), Maroon 5 (Super Bowl LIII) and others. In 2018, Justin Timberlake returned to perform during halftime of Super Bowl LII. 
Timberlake’s return to the Super Bowl halftime stage came 14 years after his notorious “wardrobe malfunction” incident with Janet Jackson in 2004. After the Timberlake/Jackson controversy, Super Bowls games held between 2005 and 2010 featured many icons of rock ‘n’ roll. 
Paul McCartney delivered several The Beatles hits and more during halftime at Super Bowl XXXIX, which was held at Alltel Stadium in Jacksonville, Florida in 2005. The following year fellow legendary British rockers The Rolling Stones invaded Ford Field in Detroit to perform at Super Bowl XL. In 2007, Prince gave a (purple) rain-soaked performance during Super Bowl XLI at (what’s now known as) Hard Rock Stadium in Miami.
Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers were enlisted for Super Bowl XLII in 2008 at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band rocked Tampa’s Raymond James Stadium while providing entertainment in the middle of Super Bowl XLIII in 2009. The streak of rock-centric Super Bowl Halftime Shows also included The Who’s appearance for Super Bowl XLIV at Hard Rock Stadium in 2010.
Video highlights of each of the six halftime shows between 2005 and 2010 can be viewed below:
[Updated version of article originally published February 5, 2017.]
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.