By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:50, 5 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:41, 6 March 2024   
 28
View  comments
Benny Blanco raved about Selena Gomez and their relationship as he made an appearance on TalkShopLive on Tuesday. 
He opted for a tan button up shirt with pink print on the back as he wore multiple gold chains. 
The 35-year-old music producer-TikTok star is no stranger to posting videos of himself goofing off in the kitchen. 
When asked about what he cooks for his other half, 31, he said, 'She’s a huge steak fan, so anything with steak in it. She always asks for steak and she always asks for these little perfect fried potatoes.
'She loves soup. So she was shooting a show yesterday and I made a little soup and I brought it over to her.'
Benny Blanco made an appearance on TalkShopLive on Tuesday as he raved about  his relationship with Selena Gomez and their shared love of cooking
The music producer shared his hopes of one day featuring her in one of his own cooking segments
In the video, he was joined by author Jess Damuck as they announced their latest cookbook, Open Wide: A Cookbook for Friends. 
The book is expected to hit shelves on April 30 and features instructions for a good time and good meal.
The former Disney star actually has a cooking show of her own, Selena + Chef, which has been running since 2020. 
With four seasons and ten episodes each released, she learns the ins and out of the kitchen while sharing her own recipes. 
Benny shared his hopes of one day filming their own couples cooking segment. 
'Maybe someday,' he said about the idea. 'We always cook together, it’s not like just for her show. She’s an incredible cook. We have so much fun. All we do is eat.'
The two were first linked in 2015 after collaborating on the singer's hit record Same Old Love.
The pair began officially dating this past December and have been inseparable since. 
They share lovey-dovey posts of each other on social media and are frequently spotted showing lots of PDA. 
They share lovey-dovey posts of each other on social media and are frequently spotted showing lots of PDA
In January, she announced the revival of Disney's Wizards of Waverly Place in which she is set to reprise her role for the pilot
Selena has previously dated popstar Justin Bieber and R&B slash electronic artist The Weeknd. 
The actress-singer released her latest single Love On on February 22 and has had mixed reviews. 
In January, she announced the revival of Disney's Wizards of Waverly Place in which she is set to reprise her role for the pilot. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group