Explore the hottest hotel openings, exclusive experiences and our expertly curated destination guides. 
The latest from the world of fine dining, reviews of rare spirits and delicious cocktail recipes. 
Discover the latest supercars, pioneering yacht builds and boundary-pushing private jets. 
Explore the worlds of haute horology and fine jewelry, as well as carefully selected style guides. 
Explore the finest properties on the market, standout interior styling and architectural wonders. 
From science-backed retreats to traditional spas, relax into the world of high-end wellness. 
Be inspired by our conversations with Leaders in Luxury, and explore the world of Art and Tech. 
Elite Collections is a trusted distinction of excellence, recognizing the world’s finest suites, restaurants and jets. 
Get insider access to luxury’s best-kept secrets and exclusive offers. Elevate your inbox with the best in refined living.
Thank you for subscribing to our newsletter.You will recieve a confirmation shortly
Property of the Week: The mirrored desert structure has garnered all sorts of attention – even the extraterrestrial kind. 
Words

Ellys Woodhouse 
Share

 October 03, 2024 

What’s in a name? Sure, The Invisible House might seem like an apt descriptor when you consider it effortlessly blends into the surrounding desert, hidden away on its own 67.5 acres of pure tranquility in California‘s Joshua Tree National Park. But that name falls short when you realize this is a house that has been designed to be seen.
And it has certainly been seen; beyond its features on Selling Sunset or Netflix’s The World’s Most Amazing Vacation Rentals, the Invisible House has hosted the likes of Lizzo, Alicia Keys, Ariana Grande and The Weeknd – even going so far as attracting so-called extraterrestrial attention with Demi Lovato reportedly seeing aliens at the property. 
Built by Hollywood film producer Chris Hanley and his wife Roberta, the Invisible House has been listed with Christie’s, so prospective buyers can see the sci-fi hub for themselves – well, that’s if they have $17.95m spare. 
When looking across Chris’ filmography (The Virgin Suicides, American Psycho, Spring Breakers), it’s hardly surprising that the property takes a turn towards the supernatural. Designed by the architect Tomas Osinski, a Frank Gehry collaborator, the Invisible House’s 225-ft-long rectangular form is said to have been inspired by the mysterious monolith in Stanley Kubrick’s film 2001: A Space Odyssey. 
But it’s not just the house’s design or its Mars-like surrounding landscape of the Joshua Tree desert – or even its popularity as an extraterrestrial hot-spot – that adds to the Invisible House’s futuristic charm. With the property’s 92 solar panels for electricity, three Tesla Powerwall battery systems to store accumulated energy and 20 solar thermal panels to heat the water in the 100-ft indoor swimming pool, which has ozone and UV filters rather than using chlorine, it’s safe to say it’s forward-thinking in both form and function.
This high-tech touch has been applied to every corner of the property; from the world-class chef’s kitchen boasting Boffi fixtures and Miele, Sub Zero and Wolf appliances; to the spacious living area where modern Flos lighting connects an entire wall of sliding glass doors that can open to the breathtaking landscape. 
While three bedrooms and four bathrooms may sound modest for a property of this size and footprint, their designs are anything but ordinary. With a minimalist color palette (to ensure no distractions from those magnificent views), the quality of the interior furnishing stands out, such as the primary suite’s two-ton solid-glass bed by Milanese design company Santambrogio or the ensuite’s five-star-resort-inspired soaking tub. 
christiesrealestate.com/joshua-tree-ca
Words

Ellys Woodhouse 
Share

                 © 2025 Elite Traveler. All rights reserved                

                    © 2025 Elite Traveler. All rights reserved