By 

	Daniel Kreps


	Three years after Kendrick Lamar guested during Dr. Dre’s Super Bowl halftime performance, the rapper will headline his own halftime show at Super Bowl LIX.

	Just hours before the first Sunday of the 2024 season kicked off, the NFL, Roc Nation and Apple Music revealed that Lamar will take midfield at New Orleans’ Caesars Superdome on February 9, 2025 for the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show.

	“Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date. And I’ll be there to remind the world why,” Lamar said in a statement. “They got the right one.”

	Jay-Z, whose Roc Nation co-produces the halftime show, added in a statement, “Kendrick Lamar is truly a once-in-a-generation artist and performer. His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision. He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.”

	










	Lamar and Dave Free’s pgLang will serve as creative directors on the Super Bowl halftime performance.

	Seth Dudowsky, Head of Music at the NFL, added in a statement, “Few artists have impacted music and culture as profoundly as Kendrick Lamar. Time and time again, Kendrick has proven his unique ability to craft moments that resonate, redefine, and ultimately shake the very foundation of hip-hop.”

	Lamar has spent much of 2024 engaged in a culture-shaking rap beef with Drake, a feud that has resulted in new classics like “Meet the Grahams,” “6:16 in LA,” “Euphoria,” and Song of the Summer contender “Not Like Us.” The battle had largely subsided by summer’s end, with Rolling Stone declaring Lamar the victor, with his pick as Super Bowl performer only solidifying that decision.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	Super Bowl LIX will take place Sunday, February 9, 2025, at New Orleans’ Caesars Superdome, the eighth Super Bowl at the Big Easy stadium (the most among NFL venues) and the first since 2013, with Fox handling the broadcast.

	Lamar, whose last album Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers arrived in 2022, follows recent Super Bowl halftime performers Usher (at the 2024 game), Rihanna in 2023, Dr. Dre and guests Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Mary J. Blige and Lamar in Los Angeles in 2022, the Weeknd in 2021, and Shakira and Jennifer Lopez in 2020. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.