Fortnite is getting its third major update of the current season today, with server downtime set to hit the game before update 28.30 is rolled out.
Update: Fortnite update v28.30 is now live with new content for Lego Fortnite, Rocket Racing and Creative modes.
Original story: It's been just over two weeks after the Fortnite update dropped, so of course, it's time for the next one. Fortnite update 28.30 is set to arrive today after a period of downtime which will impact the main battle royale mode, as well as Lego Fortnite, Fortnite Festival and Rocket Racing. The early patch notes for Fortnite update 28.30 suggest that fixes for Characters not being able to be hired and the currently unavailable Shuffle Loadout option will arrive, with leaks suggesting we'll potentially see some more TMNT skins as part of the ongoing Fortnite x Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles collab.
Fortnite update 28.30 will also see some content leave the game completely, with the Fortnite Festival The Weeknd Pass coming to an end today, which in itself hinted at the release date for the new patch. But, the good news is that a new Lady Gaga x Fortnite collab will be taking over to headline Fortnite Festival Season 2!
Here's when Fortnite update 28.30 server downtime will end, and a round-up of the content we can expect to drop in the new update.
Epic Games confirmed via a blog post that Fortnite update 28.30 will launch today, with the publisher confirming via a Twitter post that server downtime will commence at 9am GMT / 4am EST / 1am PST, with matchmaking set to go down 30 minutes beforehand, so you'll get a chance to finish off your game before the downtime.
We expect Fortnite update 28.30 server downtime to last until around 1pm GMT / 8am EST / 5am PST because, typically, Fortnite can often experience four hours of downtime before the launch of a major update. But, there's always a chance it's a smaller update, in which case, it's worth logging in a few hours after the downtime begins to check if you can get in.
The Fortnite update 28.30 patch notes aren't available just yet, as they tend to drop just after the update goes live, but that doesn't stop reputable Fortnite leakers like @ShiinaBR giving away golden nuggets of information on social media about what content players can expect.
One of their recent posts on Twitter rounds up all the content we can expect from Fortnite update 28.30, which includes:
In another Twitter post, the leaker shared a list of collaborations that could potentially return to Fortnite soon including Across the Spider-Verse, Alan Wake, Attack on Titan, Dragon Ball, Eminem, Family Guy, Marvel, Star Wars, Rick and Morty, Lewis Hamilton, The Witcher, Tron: Legacy and many more. But, there are no guarantees, and you'll have to look in the item shop when the update goes live to see if any of these collabs have made a return.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.