By 

	Kalia Richardson


	The Weeknd will perform a one-night-only show in São Paulo, Brazil, on Sept. 7. The announcement marks the artist’s return to the concert stage since the conclusion of his global After Hours Til Dawn tour last fall. 

	The Live Nation-produced show, which will take place at Brazil’s Estádio MorumBIS stadium, will include “never-before-seen production,” according to a press release. Tickets will be available to the general public on July 25, with presale tickets available as early as July 22, at 10 a.m. Brasilia Time. 

	The Weeknd will partner with the United Nations World Food Programme and send a portion of the proceeds from the São Paulo show to the XO humanitarian fund, an organization the singer co-founded. A dollar from every ticket purchase will be added to the fund. The Weeknd used his XO Humanitarian Fund to pledge $2 million, enough to produce more than 18 million loaves of bread, to feed families in Gaza in April.

	“With famine looming in Gaza, Abel’s generous support will provide vital relief for thousands of Palestinian families who battle the grip of hunger every day,” Corinne Fleischer, the World Food Programme’s director for the Middle East, North Africa, and Eastern Europe Region, said at the time. “We are tremendously grateful for his contribution, compassion, and for his unwavering advocacy for WFP and the people of Palestine.” 

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	He previously donated $2.5 million to Gaza last December, which was equivalent to four million emergency meals for impacted civilians. 

	In March, The Weeknd performed for longtime collaborator and producer Mike Dean’s birthday. (The two worked together on Dean’s Beauty Behind the Madness and HBO’s The Idol soundtrack, among other projects.) 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.