ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INCHEON, SOUTH KOREA - FEBRUARY 13: Jennie of BLACKPINK is seen at Incheon International Airport on ... More February 13, 2020 in Incheon, South Korea. (Photo by THE FACT/Imazins via Getty Images)
Blackpink star Jennie’s single “One of the Girls” has been charting in America for months now. On some rankings, the tune has either fallen or is about to decline. On others, it’s still climbing, and nearly every time the collaboration with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp lifts again, it helps Jennie make history in another way.
This week, “One of the Girls” hits a new high on the Pop Airplay chart. On that ranking of the tunes that rack up the largest number of total audience impressions across top 40 pop stations throughout the U.S., the collaborative tune improves to No. 21.
The single jumps two spaces to reach No. 21, improving from No. 23. As it does, Jennie’s smash moves up on the all-time ranking of the highest-peaking hits by South Korean solo musicians on the Pop Airplay chart.
As it lands at No. 21, “One of the Girls” beats Jung Kook’s “Standing Next to You” for the honor of being the sixth-highest-rising tune by a South Korean solo musician in the history of this tally. Jung Kook’s most recent solo single climbed to No. 22 during its run on the Pop Airplay list, which ended only a few weeks ago.
Psy still holds the distinction of being the only South Korean soloist to crack the top 10 on the Pop Airplay chart. His smash “Gangnam Style” stalled at No. 10 a little more than a decade ago.
Jung Kook is responsible for all of the four songs that sit in between Psy and Jennie on this list of the highest-charting hits by solo musicians hailing from South Korea. He nearly broke into the top 10 with “Left and Right,” a collaboration with Charlie Puth. That single missed out on doing so by one rung, as it stopped at No. 11.
The same BTS superstar has seen three other singles peak inside the top 20 on the Pop Airplay chart in only the past year or so. “Too Much,” which was fronted by The Kid Laroi and which also features Central Cee, rose as high as No. 15. His single “Seven” with Latto climbed to No. 17. He and Jack Harlow pushed “3D” to No. 20 in 2023.
Later this week, “One of the Girls” could lift again. If it improves by even one space, it will match Jung Kook’s “3D” and tie as the fifth-highest-charting track by any solo artist from South Korea in the history of the Pop Airplay tally.