Henson channeled Lamar, from her flow down to her streetwear

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Taraji P. Henson began her 2024 BET Awards hosting duties on a humorous note, as the evening’s master of ceremonies parodied Kendrick Lamar‘s viral smash “Not Like Us.”

	Clad in a red hoodie and jeans, similar to that worn by Lamar during his recent ‘The Pop-Out: Ken and Friends’ event, Henson reworked the song’s hook, replacing the lyrics “They Not Like Us” with “This About Us,” a seeming reference to cultural solidarity.

	Rapping her revamped version of the chart-topping record, the actress drew a resounding response from the audience, as many attendees in the crowd were visibly amused by Henson’s skit. 

	










	During and after finishing her rendition, the Washington D.C. native made it clear that her hijack of Kendrick’s song was not a sign of allegiance, expressing that she’s not about division, but unity. “No beef in here, can you say plant based,” Henson deadpanned while addressing the audience.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Henson’s parody is the latest instance of “Not Like Us” being embraced by a celebrity, as a number of notable figures have been seen dancing along to the track and singing its praises. During The Pop Out, LeBron James, The Weeknd, Demar Derozan, LaKeith Stanfield, and Russell Westbrook were all captured pulling out their best dance moves to the record.

	It was recently revealed that “Not Like Us” could potentially be nominated for a Grammy Award, in light of its impact and popularity. “Obviously, it’s a hot record, it’s amazing artistry,” Recording Academy CEO Mason Jr. said of the chart-topping diss track. “Great writing… Incredible.” 

	See Taraji P. Henson’s “Not Like Us” parody at the 2024 BET Awards below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.