The rumour mill for Glastonbury’s 2025 line up has cranked up a notch as it’s been claimed three female superstars are heading to the festival. 
It’s been quite the few months of speculation, with names including Greenday, Billy Joel, Sabrina Carpenter and everyone in between floating around as possible Pyramid Stage headliners. 
But it’s now been claimed that on top of reported appearances from Matty Healy’s The 1975, rhythm and blues icon Stevie Wonder, and rock legend Neil Young, Worthy Farm will be graced by the holy trinity of pop queens (minus Sabrina) in Chappell Roan, Charli XCX, and Olivia Rodrigo. 
This seems like a tall order for the festival, especially as many Chappell fans’ hopes were dashed after she was announced as Reading and Leeds headliner – a festival that doesn’t typically share their biggest acts with Glastonbury. 
But a source has now told The Sun: ‘Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX will all play Glastonbury next summer.
‘Charli will headline The Other Stage and Chappell will be playing the Pyramid Stage.
‘Olivia is coming straight to Worthy Farm after playing BST Hyde Park, so her slot is being firmed up.’ 
The source added that organiser Emily Eavis wanted to go back to Glastonbury’s rock roots with Neil Young and The 1975, but the addition of Charli, Olivia and Chappell would make a ‘real statement’. 
‘Glastonbury always has something for everyone but next summer’s line-up is really impressive in terms of the spectrum of acts and how big they are,’ the source added. 
If this comes to fruition, Glastonbury 2025 might just be the best we’ve had in years. 
Charli performed a DJ set at this year’s Glastonbury, but since Brat summer – named after the star’s neon green album – Charli is in very high demand. 
Chappell has never performed at Glastonbury before but is arguably the biggest breakout star of 2024, while Olivia made her Glastonbury debut in 2022 which turned out to be an iconic set.
She brought Lily Allen on stage and they called out members of the Supreme Court just after Roe vs Wade was overturned, and proceeded to sing Lily’s 2008 track F**k You.
But as ever, the line up is still up in the Glasto air with the Glasto gods until we get official confirmation from the festival itself.
The only big act confirmed by the festival so far is Sir Rod Stewart, who will be taking to the Pyramid Stage for the legend slot on the Sunday afternoon. 
Last year, ticketholders didn’t get a single line up announcement until mid-March – just three months before Worthy Farm opened its gates at the end of June, and four months after the nail-biting ticket drop. 
Other major artists have mysterious Glastonbury-shaped holes in their 2025 tour line-ups, with The Weeknd the most recent alarm bell. 
Elsewhere, Sam Fender has been heavily rumoured as he’s making a triumphant return to the stage on his People Watching tour at the moment, as he also drops a new album. 
Fred Again is also a favourite to headline with his catchy DJ sets, while Vienna legend Billy Joel has also been mentioned by bookmakers. 
Come June 25 when Glastonbury opens its gate for another year, we will know for sure. But until then, it’s a waiting game. 
Come on Emily Eavis, give us another one… 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Record-breaking artist is obvious Glastonbury headliner choice we all keep overlooking
Arrow
MORE: Chart-topping pop star reveals painful ‘nerve damage’ from feral stage performances
Arrow
MORE: Iconic 00s pop banger smashes streaming record more than 20 years later