By PANDORA AMORATIS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:01, 9 February 2024   |  Updated:  01:29, 10 February 2024   
 3
View  comments
If a pre-fixed dinner at a crowded restaurant does not appeal to you or your partner on Valentine's Day, it might be time to try something a little different.
Fortunately, planning a celebration at home can be just as impressive - if not more - than the most sought-after reservation.
Experts in food, fashion, decor, and music reveal ways to plan a special evening in without being too complex or time-consuming. 
Experts in food, fashion, decor, and music reveal ways to plan a special evening in without being too complex or time-consuming
THE AMBIANCE:  
EXPERT: Kim Seybert, Lifestyle and entertaining expert 
This February 14, all efforts should be directed towards making your sweetheart feel special.
Since founding her eponymous line in 1998, Kim Seybert has made it her mission to beautify the dining room table. 
'Whether you have the dinner prepared by a private chef or you are cooking yourself, you should go the extra mile towards setting a table that conveys love and romance, she says.
According to Seybert, a Valentine’s dinner is all about setting the mood for what happens after the meal, so you want to make it as romantic and sensual as possible.
To do this, having the right ambience is important. 
Lifestyle and entertaining expert, Kim Seybert's luxury table decor is available at fine retailers
'There is nothing more romantic than a shared meal over candlelight; make use of dimmer and candles.'
The expert suggests a color palentte of reds and pinks with hints of white or soft purple to get you in the mood for love. 
'Our Croco Placemat in red or fuchsia is a great base for evening of romance.  
'Layer the colors by using our Dipy Dye Napkin in fuchsia or the Watercolor Ikat in fuchsia. 
'While red roses have become a symbol of Valentine’s, I much prefer to go with pink peonies and tulips bunched with red anemones and ranunculus.' 
Toast to love with champagne and add our heart shaped Sweetheart Coasters to the table for a whimsical Valentine’s Day accent. 
A Valentine’s dinner is all about setting the mood for what happens after the meal, so make it as romantic and sensual as possible.
'There is nothing more romantic than a shared meal over candlelight; make use of dimmer and candles,' says Kim
'Whether you have the dinner prepared by a private chef or you are cooking yourself, you should go the extra mile towards setting a table that conveys love and romance,' says the home decor specialist 
Make your at-home date an extraordinary event, too, using Reece's menu as a guide for your own palate and partner pleasing feast.
Chef Reece MacIsaac has built a reputation around his singular culinary exploration, authenticity, and artistry
THE MENU: 
EXPERT: Reece MacIsaac, Private chef
Chef Reece MacIsaac has built a reputation around his singular culinary exploration, authenticity, and artistry which is a result of his cooking experiences at some of the most exclusive restaurants around the world.
MacIsaac's impressive portfolio includes creating elegant dishes at Melbourne's Attica, a fine-dining establishment and regular in The Discovery World's 50 best list.
Originally from Canada, he made a name for himself in Toronto before perfecting his gastronomy craft via research and development at Baan Tepa in Bangkok, helping the upscale restaurant earn two Michelin stars.
His culinary prowess, likeable personality, and love of travel found him designing multi-course tasting menus as a private chef. 
These delicious and beautiful creations make for an unforgettable dining experience.
Make your at-home date an extraordinary event, too, using Reece's menu as a guide for your own palate and partner pleasing feast.
Salad of Rose Chicory and California Citrus
Blood Orange vinaigrette, Calamansi Leben
Lobster Agnolotti
Grilled Lobster Head Bisque, Thai Basil
Dry Aged Wagyu Rib Cap
Sunchoke & Comte Pave, Bone Marrow Bordelaise
Macadamia & Passionfruit "Creamsicle"
MacIsaac's impressive portfolio includes creating elegant dishes like his Macadamia & Passionfruit "Creamsicle" dessert
For the ice cream:
250g Macadamia Nut Milk
250g Heavy/Double Cream
6 Egg Yolks
100g sugar
20g honey
5g Madagascar vanilla paste
250g toasted macadamia nuts, crushed
2g salt
For the passionfruit granita:
250g passionfruit puree
250g filtered water
85g sugar
Macadamia & Passionfruit "Creamsicle" recipe:
Ice cream instructions:
Combine milk, cream, honey and 2/3rds of the macadamia nuts in a medium sauce pot and bring to a simmer.
Combine egg yolks, vanilla, salt and sugar in a bowl and whisk vigorously until mixture becomes slightly pale.
Temper the yolk mixture by adding the hot milk and cream, little by little, until both mixtures are completely incorporated.
Put the ice cream base back into a pot and onto the stove on medium heat, stirring constantly with a rubber spatula until mixture reaches 82C(180F).
Cool down ice cream base completely, strain through a fine mesh sieve and place in an ice cream maker until frozen.
Passionfruit granita instructions:
250g passionfruit puree
250g filtered water
85g sugar
Combine ingredients and place in a freezer proof container for 2 hours, whisking after the first and second hour.
scrape the granita with a fork for a softer texture and store in freezer until ready to use
Assembly:
Scoop the macadamia ice cream into a chilled bowl or coupe, place a few toasted macadamias on top of the ice cream and cover the ice cream generously with passionfruit granita. Zest lime over top and enjoy.
Phillip suggests rich fabrics like velvet for Valentine's day or sheer fashions like the ones that came down the Paris Couture runways 
Phillip Bloch is an American celebrity stylist, designer, and television personality.
THE OUTFIT: 
EXPERT:  Phillip Bloch, celebrity stylist and designer
Phillip Bloch is an American celebrity stylist, designer, and television personality. 
He has styled some of the most iconic celebrity looks of all time, including Halle Berry's Oscar winning ensemble.
He also worked on River Phoenix's last photo shoot and Michael Jackson for Ebony and Jet magazine.
'This holiday of love and passion invites you to dress and undress in a more romantic or even sensual way,' says the stylist responsible for some of the most iconic celebrity looks of all times. 
'Gentlemen, Valentine’s Day is no time to slack off on your sexy style,' he informs.
'Heat it up by dressing up.'
According to Phillip, Valentine’s Day is the perfect holiday to remind yourself to treat yourself to something sexy underneath.
'As a couple opting for a romantic night in, remember that it is not just any night. It is a night of love, so put a little extra effort into it and I guarantee you’ll get a little extra something something out of it,' says the veteran stylist.
'Matchy-matchy his and hers pajamas is a cute way to Illustrate togetherness, and bring a little romance back to the living room.'
Whatever you choose to wear, 'nothing says sensuous like beautiful rich fabrics.' 
The expert recommends soft and sexy materials like cashmere and velvet. 
'One of the most regal and romantic fabrics that translates beautifully into our favorite jewel or wine tones such as burgundy, merlot, or royal blue and adds an extra sensuality to basic black.'
Phillip is also a fan of the sheer trend. 
'It was everywhere on the Paris Couture runways last week as designers freed the nipple leaving nothing hidden or up to the imagination.
'Showing off your sexiest lingerie as an underpinning is the perfect way to wear this trend with a little more modesty.'
Shop it: The Aurora huggie hoop by Bound Studios, $43; bound-studios.com. OBIDI Velvet cardigan, now $223; baltini.com; Satin Maxi Skirt by H&M, $37.99; hm.com. Diamond heart ring by Paula Rosen Jewelry, $1,600; paularosenjewelry.com. Black Suede Studio by Ricca Mules, $328; saksfifthavenue.com; Gooseberry Intimates. The Ones Vault locket by Ben Shoppe, $3,775; thebenshoppe.com
New York-based DJ Mei Kwok is a sought-after DJ around the world
THE PLAYLIST
EXPERT: World renowned DJ, Mei Kwok 
DJ, fashion tastemaker, and entrepreneur Mei Kwok is a sought-after DJ.
With a finger on the pulse, Mei has established herself as a downtown fixture among NYC's premier creative community of fashion leaders, artists, and musicians. 
In addition to becoming a commodity in the NY nightlife scene, she is a coveted DJ around the world for the industry's top VIP events. 
The fun-loving spirit has been featured in the nation’s top outlets from The New York Times to Vogue to WSJ and Harper’s Bazaar. 
She's provided the musical backdrop for a range of clients including Prada, CFDA,Valentino, Cartier, Fendi, Netflix, and Victoria's Secret, among others.
Mei shares her romantic playlist with Daily Mail, saying 'because I'm from NYC, I will always go back to sultry R&B.'
Mei Kwok shares her romantic playlist with Daily Mail, saying 'because I'm from NYC, I will always go back to sultry R&B'
1. D'Angelo - Untitled (self explanatory, the music video speaks volumes alone lol)
2. The Weeknd, Jennie, Lily Rose Depp - One Of The Girls. 'While The Idol had its ups and downs with tv critics and was millennial-cringe worthy, the album was actually EPIC, this is one of my favorite sex forward tracks from the album.'
3. Rihanna - Sex With Me. 'There isn't another artist that eludes authentic sex like Rihanna, which is one of the reasons there will never be another version of this Queen.'
4. Usher - You Got It Bad. 'Reminds me of my late teens crying about random crushes but, nonetheless, an epic song about being deeply and uncontrollably in love with someone.'
5. Des'Ree - Kissing You. 'From the Romeo & Juliet soundtrack, and what evokes romance more than Romeo & Juliet?! This is the greatest love story the world has ever known!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group