Among the highlights, Walker nabs her first No. 1 at the format while the song completes one of the four longest climbs to the top.

													By
												

	Trevor Anderson


21 Savage and Summer Walker’s latest collaboration, “Prove It,” wraps a nearly five-month journey to No. 1 on Billboard’s Rhythmic Airplay chart date Nov. 2. The single, released through Slaughter Gang/Epic Records, advances from No. 2 as it became the most-played song on U.S. monitored rhythmic radio stations in the tracking week of Oct. 18 – 24, according to Luminate.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					21 Savage		
					






















	
		
					Summer Walker		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Prove It” jumped 7% in plays in the latest tracking week compared with the prior frame. It ousts Megan Thee Stallion’s “Mamushi,” featuring Yuki Chiba, from the top spot, with the former champ sliding to No. 4 after a 14% reduction in plays.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	In capturing the top spot on its 20th chart week, “Prove It” ties for the second-longest run to the summit on Rhythmic Airplay since the list launched in 1992. The single matches the treks of Kid Cudi’s “Day ‘N’ Nite” (2009) and Miguel’s “Sky Walker,” featuring Travis Scott (2018), while all three trail TLC’s “Waterfalls,” which needed 24 weeks to obtain the No. 1 spot in 1995.

	Thanks to “Prove It,” 21 Savage banks his eighth champ on the Rhythmic Airplay chart and third of 2024. Here’s a review of his chart-topping collection on the radio ranking:

Song Title, Artist (if other than 21 Savage), Weeks at No. 1, Date Reached No. 1

	Walker achieves her first Rhythmic Airplay leader with her seventh visit to the list. Her previous best was also through a team-up with 21 Savage: “Good Good,” also with Usher, reached a No. 2 high in October 2023.

	Elsewhere, “Prove It” slips 4-3 from its peak on the plays-based Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay following a 4% decline in weekly spins. It holds at No. 5 on the audience-based R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay chart, after having reached No. 4, and sheds 2% in format audience to claim 11.5 million for the tracking week. Weighing the rhythmic gains with R&B/hip-hop losses, the net result is still positive: “Prove It” pushes 29-27 on the all-genre Radio Songs chart with a 1% audience gain to 22 million in weekly listenership.

	“Prove It” appears on 21 Savage’s latest studio album, American Dream. The set, released in January, debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200, giving the rapper his fourth consecutive chart-topper.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.