AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Drake and 4batz finally dropped after teasing a remix of the Dallas newcomer’s viral hit “act ii: date @ 8.” 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
4batz just got a major co-sign from Drake, who hopped on the remix of his viral hit “act ii: date @ 8,” virtually guaranteeing further chart success. 
The Dallas native has been making waves with the single on social media which was further boosted by his “From the Block Performance.” The song has racked up over 80 million streams on Spotify and has been climbing up the Billboard Hot 100. It debuted eight weeks ago at No. 77 on the chart, peaking at No. 59. 
The so-called “Drake Effect” could see the track and 4batz catapulted into the mainstream. The phenomenon occurs when Drizzy joins forces with a newcomer and exposes them to his massive fanbase, causing the artist to blow up overnight. It’s happened countless times before, with Migos before the group became a household name, Yeat, Future and even fellow Toronto native, The Weeknd, and many others.
Super producer Timbaland heard the song for the first time in January and instantly recommended a Drake remix.  
“Think y’all got one with this one. Yo, his tone is crazy,” he said on Instagram. “I’m telling you now, The Boy get on this, it’s outta here. It’s already outta here. This thing right here. And y’all know who The Boy is.” 
A post shared by Timbo the King (@timbaland)
4batz fans have anticipated a Drake feature after the OVO honcho hinted at a collab. He posted the track on his Instagram Story last week, tagging the budding R&B singer and his longtime producer, Noah “40” Shebib. 
Then a day before release, 4batz shared a video of him and his crew listening to the remix alongside Drake. “this friday,” he teased in the caption. Listen to the track below.  
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity