Courtesy of Selena Gomez/Instagram
She found “The One!” Selena Gomez is engaged to record producer Benny Blanco after more than a year of dating.
Selena, 32, took to Instagram on Wednesday, December 11, to reveal the exciting news by sharing several photos of her gorgeous ring. “Forever begins now …” she wrote alongside photos of her ring, as well as a cuddly snapshot of her and Benny, 36.
This marks the first engagement for Selena after her rocky romance with Justin Bieber followed by years of on-and-off dating and long periods of being single.
The “Lose You to Love Me” singer first revealed there was someone special in her life on December 4, 2023, under an Instagram post by the celebrity news fan site Popfaction which read, “Selena Gomez seemingly confirms that’s she is in a relationship,” Selena wrote the comment “Facts.” The post also included a video of her admitting during her Selena + Chef Max cooking show that she had a “crush” on someone saying, “I’m kinda really happy.”
On December 8, 2023, Selena commented on a fan account post that showed a photo of the pair, writing, “He is my absolute everything in my heart,” and “the best thing that’s ever happened to me. The end.”
The Spring Breakers star also claimed the pair had been secretly dating for six months. When she released the tune “Single Soon” in August 2023, Selena gushed about being single but ready for love. She told PopCrush, “Genuinely I feel so happy, and I haven’t been in a relationship in five years and I’m happy as can be, and feel like I’m finally in a place where like whatever comes my way it’ll just add to my life, it won’t take anything away.”
While the Only Murders in the Building star began sharing Instagram photos of the pair hugging and kissing, Benny made Selena Instagram official in January 2024, sharing a snapshot holding her from behind and planting a kiss on her cheek.
The “Wolves” singer has been incredibly public with her romance with Benny, celebrating him whenever she got a chance.
“Happy birthday baby! Your emotional endurance, positive disposition, unbelievable talent (that blows me away), undeniable humor and loving, kind heart absolutely kill me,” she captioned a series of photos and videos for his birthday on March 8. “I love you @itsbennyblanco.”
In May, Selena told Time that she was so thrilled to find love with Benny. “It just happens when you least expect it. I just cherish every moment with him,” she told the publication. “I don’t know what the future holds, but I do know that he’s not going anywhere any time soon.”
During a May 14 appearance on The Howard Stern Show, Benny hinted that marriage could be in their future.
“When I look at her … I’m always just like, I don’t know a world where it could be better than this,” he said. “People always said this to me, when you know you meet your best friend, she truly is my best friend.”
Benny marked Selena’s first long-term romance since her 10-month relationship with The Weeknd in 2017. They broke up in October of that year and Selena immediately reunited with Justin, 30. Their on-and-off romance initially began in 2011 when the pair were in their teens. Things ended for good in early 2018, when Selena and Justin had another breakup. This time it would be for good, as the “Holy” singer got back together with ex-girlfriend Hailey Bieber in May 2018, and the pair married the following September.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. InTouch Weekly does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
InTouch Weekly has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
InTouch Weekly is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: