By
Tyler, The Creator’s surprise album interrupted the unexpected return of talented singer/songwriter Melanie Fiona. Outside of The Weeknd’s new collaboration with Anitta, the majority of today’s biggest names stayed away from releasing new music this week. And with only two months left in 2024, music lovers can anticipate plenty of holiday-themed content to flood streaming services. 
In the final weeks of the year, Snoop Dogg, Clipse, and Cardi B are expected to release new albums. Before the new year, promising new artists are building buzz for themselves between heavyweight releases. As the year ends, there is sure to be at least one more surprise. 
From Melanie Fiona’s return to annual Halloween-themed projects by Lloyd Banks, Sheek Louch, and Westside Gunn, here is all of the new music you might have missed this week.
Melanie Fiona “Say Yes” To A Magnificent Return
The established singer’s return includes two new singles, with “Say Yes” taking the lead. Featuring an all-star cast, the new single is a sensual yet vulnerable plea about having the courage to let love in.”These songs come from a very personal place,” says Fiona. They are about love, choice, and empowerment—allowing yourself to say yes to the love and life that is waiting for you on the other side of fear.”
Drake Has “No Face” As He Runs Around The City
For his birthday, The 6 God gifted fans with a new track that runs rampant throughout the streets with the gang. The black-and-white visual shows the OVO capo rallying the troops and reminding us why he is the biggest in the game. The energy in the latest track promises more to come. 
Ab-Soul & JID Goes Even “Crazier” Than Norm With The Flow
Two of the most talented lyricist in TDE and Dreamvile team up for a lyrical tirade. Naturally, the two go head-to-heada with several of the most impressive rhyme mechanics of 2024. The latest track is only the appetizer from Ab’s upcoming main course.  
Cory Gunz Is Ready To Purge, So Let’s “Get Shit Started”
In the Halloween spirit, Gunz and the gang terrorize with unparalleled lyrical prowess and infectious energy. The three stars recreate their favorite horror films for the visual and not only raise the bar but raise hell. 
Lloyd Banks Drops The Fifth Installment In The Halloween Havoc Series
The Punchline King returns to his horror bag for fright night in his popular series’ latest installment. On 16 new tracks, Banks is more thrilling than ever with razor sharp metaphors over frightening production. . 
Westside Gunn Drops Project 11.
This annual effort features five new songs that displays more of the FlyGod’s unique wordplay matched with undeniable swagger. The project is produced in its entirety by Denny Laflare and features Gunn in his bag with no guest appearances. 
Sheek Louch Sticks To Tradition With Gorillaween Vol. 6
Jadakiss and Styles P make guest appearances as Sheek continues his Halloween tradition with the sixth installment in his series. Sheek’s seven-song project is a thrilling ride filled with haunting beats, clever wordplay, and raw energy. This year’s installment is led by the buzzing track, “Trinity Talk.”
The Weeknd & Anitta Bring The Bounce To The Fall With “São Paulo”
The superstars deliver a bizarre and haunting imagery amplifies another bold visual chapter for Abel. The latest track builds on the anticipation for the icon’s upcoming album. 
RRose RRome Rocks The Boat For “Company”
Produced by the legendary DJ Uneek, the rising Brooklyn remakes an Aaliyah classic for his new track. RRome flips the sample with modern New York lingo and catchy hook to attract a broader audience. The song puts the emerging star’s undeniable talent on full display. 
Monique Nikkole As The “Queen Of The Hustle”
This is a timely release for the emerging star, as women continue to break barriers and shatter glass ceilings across a variety of industries. This song is a perfect anthem for women who are striving to make their mark in the world, thanks to Monique Nikkole’s powerful vocals and relatable lyrics.
BTXE Is A Total “Nightmare”
The new Toronto duo shines in the latest release about delving into the haunting memories of the past that can hinder our ability to move forward. Their new track adds depth to their catalog as they continue to build popularity stateside. 
E-Los Is “Searching” For Love
The track prepares the emerging star’s upcoming EP, Casanova. On the new single, the Boston artist said:  “This record dissects the challenge of being paralyzed by fear; the talking stage. When you’re close enough to appreciate their presence, yet far enough to keep your true feelings at a distance. You know you’re wasting their time, but hope they’re enjoying it while it lasts as you wrestle with the uncertainty of it all.”
Lil Wookie Is “2 Real/Tallys Over Everything”
The Atlanta rap star quickly became the most talked about act in the rap scene with his charismatic rhymes and refreshing new style. On the latest track, he introduces himself to a broader audience and takes us into his world. Making buzzing tracks like this, it’s only a matter of time before the new artist is the year’s best. 
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97