Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 2 start time here's when you can jump into the Greek mythology season Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 2 is set to kick off this week, and we've got the exact time you'll be able to jump into the new season.
While Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 1 was one of the best seasons thanks to the introduction of brand new game modes like Lego Fortnite, Rocket Racing, and Fortnite Festival - which recently launched the Lady Gaga Festival Pass - it's about time to move on to what's next.
READ MORE Martin Lewis says 'it's a blow' as 'penalty' stays after Jeremy Hunt's Budget
Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 2 arrives on the scenetoday and is set to bring the world of Greek mythology to the game, with skins based on figures like Ares, Zeus, Cerberus, and Medusa set to arrive in the upcoming battle pass.
The Titan Hand live event kicked off things last week, giving players a preview of what's to come next season. While it's unknown if the Titan will do anything elaborate during the next season or simply just have his arm stick out of the floor for three months, it's worth giving it a visit to get in the mood for what's coming next.
Based on past Fortnite downtimes, the start time for Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 2 is expected to be 10am GMT / 6am EDT / 3am PDT on Friday, March 8. This means that Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 1 will finish on Friday, March 8 at 6am GMT / 2am EDT and on Thursday, March 7 at 11pm PDT.
We expect Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 2 to last until sometime in June 2024, judging by previous Fortnite chapters.
Gamers have until then to unlock everything in Fortnite Chapter 5 Season 1 or it'll disappear forever. So if you're keen to unlock Peter Griffin so you can watch him sing Feel Good Inc by Gorillaz in Fortnite Festival, you'll need to complete it before then.
Also, to unlock this season's secret skin, you'll need to finish the Solid Snake skin quests which will get you Metal Gear Solid's main character to also bring into Fortnite Festival and watch him sing The Weeknd's Blinding Lights.
We don't know the full scope of the Season 2 battle pass, but we have seen enough to know some of the tastiest treats it is likely to contain.
Fortnite leaker Hypex posted a list of skins linked to this season. They include many of the key characters from Greek mythology, and artwork for most of these characters has also leaked.
Here’s the full list
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.