By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Production design Oscar nominees “Barbie,” “Poor Things,” “Killers of the Flower Moon,” “Oppenheimer,” “Napoleon” all competed for the 28th Art Directors Guild Awards February 10 at Ovation Hollywood’s Ray Dolby Ballroom. “Poor Things” prevailed over “Barbie” for fantasy, and is now in the driver’s seat to win the Oscar. Throughout the season, it has been a race between these two big feminist films constructed around rebirth and unconventional world-building. 
Meanwhile, “Oppenheimer” took period honors over “Asteroid City,” “Killers of the Flower Moon,” “Maestro,” and “Napoleon.” Contemporary winner “Saltburn,” though, is not in the Oscar running. The animated feature winner was “Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse.”

 








Related Stories Questlove Credits Spike Lee Commercial for Inspiring His Career: ‘It Led to This Moment’ Cinespia Announces June Screenings at Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Including ‘Showgirls’ for Pride 
The TV winners for one-hour period, fantasy, and contemporary were “The Great,” “The Last of Us,” and “Succession.” Movie or limited series went to “Beef,” and the half-hour series winner was “Reservation Dogs.”
As previously announced, the ADG Awards honored Mimi Leder (Apple TV’s “The Morning Show” director and producer) with the Cinematic Imagery Award. Lifetime Achievement Awards were handed out to storyboard artist David Lowery (“The Mandalorian,” “Jurassic Park”), art director Greg Papalia (“Air,” “Coming to America”), production designer Wynn P. Thomas (“Da 5 Bloods,” “Do the Right Thing”), and scenic artist Francine West (“Three’s Company,” “The Carol Burnett Show”). In addition, legendary production designer Lawrence G. Paull (“Blade Runner,” “Back to the Future”) was inducted into the ADG Hall of Fame.
The ADG, as its website explains, is comprised of “art directors, graphic artists, illustrators, attention artists, model makers, production designers, scenic artists, set designers, and title artists.”
See the full list of 2024 Excellence in Production Design Awards winners (marked in bold) below:
“Asteroid City”Production Designer: Adam Stockhausen
“Killers of the Flower Moon”Production Designer: Jack Fisk
“Maestro”Production Designer: Kevin Thompson
“Napoleon”Production Designer: Arthur Max
*“Oppenheimer”Production Designer: Ruth De Jong
“Barbie”Production Designer: Sarah Greenwood

 









“The Creator”Production Designer: James Clyne
“Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3”Production Designer: Beth Mickle
*“Poor Things”Production Designers: James Price, Shona Heath
“Wonka”Production Designer: Nathan Crowley
“Beau is Afraid”Production Designer: Fiona Crombie
“John Wick: Chapter 4”Production Designer: Kevin Kavanaugh
“The Killer”Production Designer: Donald Graham Burt
“Mission: Impossible – Dead Reckoning Part One”Production Designer: Gary Freeman
*“Saltburn”Production Designer: Suzie Davies
“The Boy and the Heron”Art Director: Yôji Takeshige
“Elemental”Production Designer: Don Shank
*“Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse”Production Designer: Patrick O’Keefe
“The Super Mario Bros. Movie”Production Designer: Guillaume Aretos
“Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem”Production Designer: Yashar Kassai
“The Crown” – “Sleep Dearie Sleep”Production Designer: Martin Childs
“The Gilded Age” – “His Grace the Duke,” “Close Enough to Touch,” “Warning Shots”Production Designer: Bob Shaw
*“The Great” – “You the People,” “Fun,” “Peter and the Wolf”Production Designer: Francesca di Mottola
 









“The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel” – “Susan”Production Designer: Bill Groom
“Perry Mason”- “Chapter Eleven”Production Designer: Keith Cunningham
“For All Mankind” – “The Bear Hug”Production Designer: Seth Reed
*“The Last of Us” – “Infected”Production Designer: John Paino
“Loki” – “Ouroboros”Production Designer: Kasra Farahani
“The Mandalorian” – “Chapter 23: The Spies”Production Designers: Doug Chiang, Andrew L. Jones
“Silo” -“Machines”Production Designer: Gavin Bocquet
“Fargo” – “Trials and Tribulations”Production Designer: Trevor Smith
“The Morning Show” -“The Kármán Line,” “Ghost in the Machine,” “Love Island”Production Designer: Nelson Coates
“Poker Face” – “Escape From Shit Mountain”Production Designer: Judy Rhee
*“Succession” – “America Decides”Production Designer: Stephen Carter
“Yellowjackets” – “Digestif”Production Designer: Margot Ready
“All the Light We Cannot See”Production Designer: Simon Elliott
“A Murder at the End of the World”Production Designer: Alex DiGerlando

 









*“Beef”Production Designer: Grace Yun
“Daisy Jones & The Six”Production Designer: Jessica Kender
“Lessons in Chemistry”Production Designer: Cat Smith
“The Bear” – “Omelette”Production Designer: Merje Veski
“Only Murders in the Building” – “Sitzprobe,” “Opening Night”Production Designer: Patrick Howe
“Our Flag Means Death” – “Impossible Birds,” “Red Flags,” “Man on Fire”Production Designer: Ra Vincent
*“Reservation Dogs” – “Deer Lady”Production Designer: Brandon Tonner-Connolly
“What We Do in the Shadows” – “A Weekend at Morrigan Manor”Production Designer: Shayne Fox
“Bob Hearts Abishola” – “Twerk O’ Clock”Production Designer: Francoise Cherry-Cohen
“Bunk’d” -“The Glitching Hour”Production Designer: Kelly Hogan
“The Conners”- “Road Trip and Guilt Trip”Production Designer: Jerry Dunn
*“Frasier” – “Moving In”Production Designer: Glenda Rovello
“That 90’s Show” – “Free Leia”Production Designer: Greg J. Grande
“A Black Lady Sketch Show” – “I’m Clapping From My Puss,” “What Kind of Medicine Does Dr. King Practice?,” “Peek-A-Boob, Your Titty’s Out”Production Designers: Cindy Chao, Michele Yu

 









“History of the World, Part II” -“VIII”Production Designer: Monica Sotto
“RuPaul’s Drag Race” -“Blame it on the Edit”Production Designer: Gianna Costa
“Saturday Night Live” – “Jenna Ortega/The 1975,” “Nate Bargatze/Foo Fighters”Production Designers: Keith Ian Raywood, Akira Yoshimura, N. Joseph DeTullio
*“Squid Game” – The Challenge: “War”Production Designers: Mathieu Weekes, Benjamin Norman
“76th Annual Tony Awards”Production Designer: Steve Bass
*“80th Golden Globe Awards”Production Designer: Brian Stonestreet
“Dave Chappelle: The Dreamer”Production Designer: Bruce Ryan
“Hannah Waddingham: Home for Christmas”Production Designer: Misty Buckley
“The Weeknd: Live at Sofi Stadium”Production Designer: Es Devlin
*Tie Apple: The New Macbook Pro: “Scary Fast”Production Designer: François Audouy
*Tie Booking.com: “Somewhere, Anywhere,” The MusicalProduction Designer: Florencia Martin
Dom Perignon: “Lady Gaga – The Labor of Creation”Production Designer: Dylan Kahn
Giorgio Armani: “Armani Si”Production Designer: Annie Beauchamp
M&M’s: “Ma&Ya’s”Production Designer: Natalie Groce
Apple: “The Underdogs: Swiped Mac”Production Designer: Jason Hougaard

 









boygenius: “the film”Production Designer: Jen Dunlap
Lana Del Rey featuring Jon Batiste: “Candy Necklace”Production Designer: Brandon Mendez
Miley Cyrus: “River”Production Designer: Kurt Gefke
*Taylor Swift: “I Can See You”Production Designer: Ethan Tobman and Miren Marañón
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.