Another major year for the Atlanta rapper. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Future‘s 2024 was already major; his pair of collaborative albums with Metro Boomin both went No. 1 and helped spark one of the biggest rap beefs ever between Drake and Kendrick Lamar. He recently added some more bullet points to his successful year as Mixtape Pluto secured the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 albums chart.

	The September LP sold 129,000 album-equivalent units in its first week, earning the 40-year-old rapper his 11th No. 1 album and third No. 1 album in 2024, notably within six months, following the success of March’s We Don’t Trust You and April’s We Still Don’t Trust You. Hendrix earned himself a spot in rare air, as the last person or group to achieve this feat was the Glee cast; three of their soundtracks all went No. 1 in 2010, notably within two months.

	










	Before Glee, The Beatles achieved a similar feat in 1965-1966. Beatles VI, the Help! soundtrack, and Rubber Soul all went No. 1 within six months. Despite the three-time Grammy winner not being the first-ever artist to secure three No. 1’s in six months, he does lay claim to being the only solo artist to do so.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Future Seemingly Breaks Silence On Gorgeous Doll As She Calls Herself His "Muse"		
			







	Future’s Mixtape Pluto helped to etch his name alongside some legends in a slightly broader sense. He is now tied with Eminem, Bruce Springsteen, Barbra Streisand, and Kanye West, who all have 11 No. 1 albums on the Billboard 200. That group trails Drake (13), JAY-Z and Taylor Swift (14), and The Beatles (19).

Mixtape Pluto was a 17-track effort that notably had zero features, a big change from his previous 2024 LPs which included Kendrick Lamar, The Weeknd, J. Cole, Travis Scott, Playboi Carti, Lil Baby, Rick Ross, Ty Dolla $ign, and A$AP Rocky.  He has shared multiple music videos since the project came out, namely “Too Fast,” “Teflon Don,” “Told My,” and “Ski.” 

	Future will have the opportunity to close 2024 by adding some more trophies to his case. He is up for six BET Hip-Hop Awards in October, such as Best Hip-Hop Video for “Type Sh*t,” Best Collaboration for “Like That,” Song Of The Year for “Like That,” Best Duo or Group alongside Metro Boomin, Hip-Hop Album Of The Year for We Don’t Trust You, and Hip-Hop Artist Of The Year. 
Future, Metro Boomin, Travis Scott & Playboi Carti’s "Type Sh*t" has been nominated for Best Hip Hop Video at 2024 BET Hip Hop Awards ??Directed by Gunner Stahl & Louieknows pic.twitter.com/znOInZBaEs
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.