While the furore over Oasis tickets continues to simmer away in the background, one Manchester record shop is giving fans of the Britpop outfit the chance to own a piece of Manchester music history.
After much speculation and chatter online, last Tuesday (27 August), the Manchester-born band announced the would be reforming after 15 years, and playing a series of dates across the UK and Ireland as part of a world tour next summer.
This weekend, fans sat for hours in front of laptop screens and phones as they desperately tried to secure tickets for the reunion, with dates taking place at Heaton Park in Manchester, London Wembley, Edinburgh, Cardiff and Dublin. But many were met with technical issues, huge online queues and inflated prices.
READ MORE: Watchdog issues new statement over Oasis tickets furore after hundreds of fans complain
Now, in a bid to inject some of the positivity back into the Gallagher brothers' reunion, one Manchester record shop is giving fans here in the city the chance to snap up their own bit of Oasis history.
Teasing their plans last week, Vinyl Revival in the Northern Quarter shared a picture of their window display on Hilton Street plastered with the posters of the Oasis Live 25' reunion tour featuring Liam and Noel Gallagher. Describing it as a 'biblical', they hinted that the now historic posters would go on sale 'at a later date' to raise money for a cancer charity.
Today, they updated fans by confirming the posters were up for sale for £10 with proceeds going to The Christie. They wrote: "We have a limited number of official Oasis Manchester posters displayed in the shop and around the city.
"As we did with Stone Roses lemon posters we will offer these to fans for £10.
"Every penny will go to The Christie hospital. This is a collection only option. If we have any left by the end of the week then we may consider a postage option.
"One per person. F*** cancer x."
The post prompted hundreds of comments across the shop's various social media platforms, with many keen to reserve their own bit of Oasis reunion history.
This isn't the first time the record store has sold off memorabilia or exclusive records for charity though. The store was one of the first to drop not-so-subtle hints about a Stone Roses' revival in 2016 and sold off their share of the iconic lemon posters to The Christie then too.
And, in April 2018, to mark Record Store Day, the shop sold a limited-edition release by an early incarnation of the Stone Roses, The Waterfront, with proceeds from sales going to the cancer charity.
Speaking to the Manchester Evening News this afternoon, Colin White, owner of Vinyl Revival said: "We've done it twice before and this time around we've already sold more than half in a day.
"We spoke to the promoter and we're the only record shop to be fully plastered with them. It's a good cause and it spreads a bit of positivity."
Colin, whose family has been affected by cancer and had a close link to the hospital said The Christie has also recently approached them and the Oasis reunion aligned, prompting Colin to speak with the promoter SJM. One the reunion, he says he thinks it's good for younger and older fans.
"I think it's great for the younger generation, after all, they're one of the last great rock and rock bands. I went to their first gig in 1991 when it was the original formation and back in the day we used to know them.
"I've seen them six times, four times as the original lineup. I do think it would be nice if they did bring back some of the original members, the posters make it look like it's just Liam and Noel. But it's still great to have them back, people grew up with the band."
"I know people have been moaning about prices, but I don't think the original price was unreasonable, but it's the inflated price that feels wrong," he adds, referencing the shows being advertised for £355 on Ticketmaster, which was nearly double that of general admission standing tickets, which were priced at £148.50 each, including fees when first advertised.
"This has been going on for years though. I had the same when I tried to get my son The Weeknd tickets, I joined a queue of over 8,000 people and then when I got to prices they had shot up."
The Oasis Live '25 posters are still available from Vinyl Revival on Hilton Street in the Northern Quarter. Colin is asking that people reserve over social media and pick up from the store in person where possible.
Earlier today, the UK's regulator of advertising said it had received more than 400 complaints over how tickets for Oasis's reunion tour next year were advertised after costs soared.
Following a scramble over general ticket sales on Saturday, watchdog the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) said it has received 450 complaints about Ticketmaster adverts for the gigs. A spokesperson for the ASA said the complainants argue that the adverts made 'misleading claims about availability and pricing'.
Prices for the band's reunion tour soared due to so-called dynamic pricing. The Chartered Trading Standards Institute (CTSI), meanwhile, has issued a statement urging 'anyone who feels they were misled by the promotion of the Oasis tickets and the ticket platforms promoting them' to contact trading standards.
After some fans were left shocked by standard tickets more than doubling from £148 to £355 on Ticketmaster due to demand, the Culture Secretary, Wigan MP Lisa Nandy, pledged to look into the use of surge pricing in its forthcoming Government review of the secondary gig sales market.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.