Netflix will settle 15 years of Chestnut vs. Kobayashi with a live hot dog-eating contest – LINK
Mercury leak closes Town and Country post office, causing frustration – LINK
“Is There A Man Here With You?” – Video Of Marshawn Lynch Dealing With Angry Football Moms Goes Viral Again, & It’s Still Just As Funny – LINK
Having ‘The Talk’ About Skimpy Clothing? Avoid These Mistakes – LINK
MUSIC
In festival news: Fall Out Boy, Beck and Slayer will headline Chicago’s Riot Fest, September 20th through the 22nd. The festival has been staged in Douglass Park since 2015 but is moving to SeatGeek Stadium in nearby Bridgeview, Illinois. The fest’s founders say the move is because of conflicts with the Chicago Park District – LINK
Zip Health looked over 150 playlists to see which bands show up most on sex-related playlists and congrats to Deftones were third on the list overall, only behind The Weeknd and Kanye West – LINK
Guys, Taylor Swift played Scotland recently and she had to fight through a runny nose and of course, fans recorded her battle and plastered it all over the Internet. In one video, Taylor wipes snot from her nose, and as she lowers her hand to her side, you can see it hanging from her fingers. In another, she wipes her nose, then runs her hand on her jumpsuit.  It seems like she’s trying to play it off as if she’s rubbing her hand seductively across her body. And in a third clip, she has to LICK IT as it drips down to her lip while she’s singing at her piano. And in her defense, she IS performing outside in 50-degree weather, in a bunch of not-weather-appropriate outfits – LINK
Tom Morello says that he has recorded his “first-ever full-length solo rock album” and that the first single, “Soldier in the Army of Love,” will be out June 28th. He co-wrote the song with his son Roman Morello – LINK
Van Halen’s last studio album, 2012’s A Different Kind of Truth, is back on streaming platforms for the first time since October 2022. It was apparently taken down after the contract ran out and David Lee Roth took issue with renewing it.
TV
Andrew McCarthy’s Brat Pack documentary hits Hulu today.  Some of the biggest reveals include Demi Moore had a sober coach on “St. Elmo’s Fire” . . . Andrew’s wearing a wig in the final scene of “Pretty in Pink” . . . and Emilio Estevez refused to work with anyone from the Pack again after “The Breakfast Club” – LINK
Henry Winkler is in Dublin, Ireland to promote his memoir ‘Being Henry: The Fonz and Beyond’ and he fortunately, was evacuated from a hotel because of a fire. Someone from a local TV station picked him up on camera to explain what was happening – LINK
MOVIES
There’s a new animated movie coming out that you probably shouldn’t take your kids to.  It’s called “Spermageddon”, and it’s described as “Inside Out”, but for adults. In a preview clip, two teenagers are about to have sex for the first time, and as the boy gets more and more excited, the residents of the little SPERM VILLAGE are basically like the emotions in “Inside Out”. Believe it or not, it’s not meant to be R-rated.  One of the directors says they want teenagers to see it, saying, “We talked about whether we could make it sweeter and more relatable.  We wanted to demystify sex and having sex for the first time.  It’s normal for it to feel awkward.” There’s no word when or how we’ll get to see “Spermageddon” – LINK
Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell are Hollywood Royalty, and they’ve been the target of home invasions and theft over the last handful of years. The first robbery happened in 2020, when they got home, they noticed that their home was ransacked. Goldie said,  “They had broken in from the balcony to our bedroom, our closets, and they completely knocked down my door, which is a safe door, so they’re very, very sophisticated and they got a lot of my goodies.” Cut to four months later, she was home alone when she was startled by a noise upstairs and it turned out the next day she discovered that they were trying to get in my bedroom while I was in the house. They have since beefed up security measures – including a bodyguard. Goldie said she’s never without a guard nearby. You can hear all of the story on Kelly Ripa’s ‘Let’s Talk Off Camera’ show – LINK
COMEDY
George Lopez was performing at the Eagle Mountain Casino in Porterville, California, last week, where he got through 25 minutes of his set before he walked off the stage due to what Lopez’s rep called an “overserved and unruly” crowd – LINK
MISC
X, formerly Twitter, has officially rolled out an update to make all Likes private in the app – LINK
Sony Pictures Entertainment is purchasing Alamo Drafthouse Cinemas and will operate all 35 nationwide locations – LINK
The YouTuber behind the popular channel Comicstorian, Ben Potter, died in a single-vehicle car crash on Saturday, June 8 – LINK
AND FINALLY
Just in time for Father’s Day, The Hollywood Reporter listed its best and worst television fathers.
Best TV Dads include:
Full House’s Danny Tanner
All the dads on Modern Family
Mike Brady from The Brady Bunch
Cliff Huxtable on The Cosby Show
Hank Hill from King of the Hill
Archie Bunker on All In The Family
Tim Taylor from Home Improvement
Tony Micelli on Who’s The Boss?
Andre Johnson from Black-ish
Phillip Banks (Uncle Phil) on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
The Worst list includes:
Peter Griffin on Family Guy
Jon from Jon and Kate Plus 8
Al Bundy from Married… With Children
Ignacio from Ugly Betty
Tony Soprano on The Sopranos
TV TONIGHT
Thursday, June 13th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings subject to change
Sonny Gray struck out three consecutive batters on 10 pitches and did not stop from there. Gray pitched seven superb innings, held the Pirates to one run and struck out at least nine for the fifth time in 12 starts for the Cardinals. Gray and The Cards got a 4-2 victory against Pittsburgh at Busch Stadium and will go again in today’s heat at 1:15pm. Cardinals’ Sonny Gray regains groove, speeds past Pittsburgh – LINK
Upper Deck Golf will return to Busch Stadium for the third consecutive year, this time during the baseball season.
The Upper Deck Golf experience gives athletes a rare opportunity to play a round of golf at an MLB ballpark. This year, it runs from July 19-21.
Groups can book tee times as soon as 11 a.m. CT Thursday. Standard and VIP tee times are available for all three days of Upper Deck Golf. To register and purchase tickets, click here. Upper Deck Golf returns to Busch Stadium next month – LINK
The Celtics now have a 3 games to 0 lead in the NBA finals over the Dallas Mavericks as they won game 3 last night.
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver is looking at the possibility of expanding the league by several teams.  In an interview earlier this week, Silver he specific cities that are strongly interested in an NBA team.    He said, “There’s been some discussion about going back to Seattle, potentially. Las Vegas, no doubt, is very interested in a team. Mexico City one day.” And Saint Louis??? Nothing about Saint Louis. Seattle was once home to the SuperSonics before the team left for Oklahoma City in 2008. Las Vegas currently has NFL, NHL, and WNBA teams. Mexico City has not had a North American major league franchise.  He added, “But there’s lots of other U.S. cities and Canadian cities, frankly, that have reached out to us to tell us they’d be interested.”
NBA legend and three-time Basketball Hall of Famer Jerry West died yesterday morning. He was 86-years-old. He passed away with his wife by his side.  As a player, Jerry West took the Los Angeles Lakers to nine NBA Finals, winning one in 1972. He was the Finals MVP in a losing effort in 1969. West was a 12-time all-star and became the third player to score over 25,000 points. He transferred his skills to the position of General Manager as he helped build the Showtime Lakers of the 1980s and the Shaquille O’Neal-Kobe Bryant Lakers of the late 90s and 2000s.  He went on to advise The Golden State Warriors, Memphis Grizzles, and Los Angeles Clippers. Jerry West has famously also been known as “The Logo”.  His silhouette has been the player pictured in the NBA logo for five and half decades.  Here’s Jerry talking about how it happened, who he’d pick to be the next logo, and how he’d like to be remembered
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC