A man on Reddit was mortified after his friend spotted his girlfriend of three years working at a strip club.
"We were serious, talking about moving in together, and I genuinely thought we were on the same page about our future. I knew she was struggling with money since she’s a full-time student with a part-time job that barely covered her expenses. I offered to help out, but she always refused, saying she wanted to be independent," the man wrote.
His girlfriend once "casually mentioned the idea of becoming a stripper to make ends meet," but he told her that if she went through with it, he would leave her.
"It wasn’t about being judgmental—I just knew I wouldn’t be comfortable with it. We talked it out, and she seemed to understand where I was coming from. She even said she wouldn’t actually do it," the man continued.
READ MORE: Married Man in Broken Marriage Falls in Love With Stripper: ‘Am I a Moron?’
However, his girlfriend eventually "started acting distant" and distracted when they spent time together.
"I didn’t think much of it until one of my friends texted me, saying he saw her working at a strip club. I was shocked and felt completely blindsided," the man recalled.
After confronting his girlfriend, she admitted she "needed the money and that stripping was just a job to her, nothing more."
"She also claimed she didn’t tell me because she knew how I would react. I reminded her of our earlier conversation where I clearly said this would be a deal breaker for me. She got upset, saying I was being controlling and unsupportive, and that it was her body and her choice," he shared, adding he felt like she "didn’t respect my feelings or the boundaries we’d agreed on, so I broke up with her on the spot."
READ MORE: Stripper Makes Major Bank When The Weeknd, Drake and More Drop in the Club
In the comments, users mostly sided with the man since his girlfriend knew it was a deal breaker for him.
"Her choice to be a stripper, your choice to not date a stripper: Both are OK. Her choice to lie about being a stripper: Not OK," one person wrote.
"You told her the deal breaker. She did it. You followed through," another user commented.
"You're not saying she can't be a stripper. You're saying you won't date a stripper. Don't know how she thinks that's controlling," someone else chimed in.
Gallery Credit: Natasha Reda