Zendaya and Euphoria creator Sam Levinson's relationship is said to be "strained" following his apparent decision to focus The Idol.
It's claimed the actress, 27, isn't impressed with Levinson's decision to spend more time working on the series that was slammed for its depiction of "torture" porn over the series she stars in. Zendaya played the role of Rue on the hit HBO show and was filming the second series when it's alleged Levinson turned more of his attention towards The Idol, starring Lily Rose Depp and The Weeknd.
According to a report, singer Zendaya's "frustration grew" over a failure by Levinson to provide a script for Euphoria season three. As of yet, the series is still yet to start filming again.
The Hollywood Reporter claims she has since asked for a meeting with the head of drama at HBO, Francesco Orsi. It's thought she's also requested to speak with the company's CEO Casey Bloys.
The publication says Zendaya has "demanded" to know why Levinson was given the nod to focus his attention elsewhere while the show she was on was "hanging in the balance".
The comments come as Zendaya and Levinson's relationship is said to be at breaking point. Despite previously being close friends, their relationship is said to have turned sour in 2023 after the Rolling Stone stated The Idol had had gone "disgustingly, disturbingly off the rails' with a toxic work environment".
It was cancelled after just one season, but it's thought Zendaya received criticism due to her Levinson links. An executive who has worked with the star claims dans had been turning against the creator and urge the singer to distance herself from him.
While this was the case, in May, HBO released a statement to insist the show - and its stars will return. In a statement shared with Deadline, HBO wrote: "HBO and Sam Levinson remain committed to making an exceptional third season," and added: "In the interim, we are allowing our in-demand cast to pursue other opportunities.”
The Mirror has contacted representatives of Levinson and Zendaya for comment.
According to sources, the possibility of doing a movie instead of a third season was mooted, but the attention has since returned to producing a new season. Casey Bloys Chairman and CEO, HBO and Max Content, confirmed in November of last year the plan was for season three of Euphoria to air in 2025 and it's thought this is still their goal.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.