The Grammy winner's seventh studio album is finally here.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


	After three long years, Ariana Grande has finally unveiled Eternal Sunshine — her seventh studio album and first since 2020’s Grammy-nominated Positions.

	Released to all digital streaming platforms on Friday (March 8), Eternal Sunshine is Grande’s incredibly vulnerable reflection on the personal (and artistic!) growth she experienced following her divorce from Dalton Gomez, a transformative Saturn Return and recalibrating her relationship with music after taking some time to film her upcoming Wicked movies.

	










	Grande entered the Eternal Sunshine era back in January with the release of lead single “Yes, And?” That Max Martin-producer dancefloor-ready banger used house music to kiss off Grande’s haters and shimmy to the top of the Billboard Hot 100. Five weeks later, Grande’s latest Hot 100 chart-topper — her eighth overall and sixth to debut in the pole position — received a remix from none other than Mariah Carey.

	While “Yes, And?” is the only pre-release single from Eternal Sunshine, Grande spent the weeks leading up to the LP’s full release teasing a slew of different album covers, sharing outtakes from the photoshoot, and participating in revelatory interviews with Zach Sang and Zane Lowe. Later this weekend, Grande will return to Saturday Night Live as musical guest alongside host Josh Brolin (March 9) and present at the 96th Academy Awards alongside Wicked co-star Cynthia Erivo (March 10).

Eternal Sunshine houses 13 tracks, all penned by the two-time Grammy winner and co-produced with the legendary Martin. Barring 2019’s Billboard 200-topping Thank U, Next, Eternal Sunshine is the Grande record with the fewest number of guest artists. The album boasts just one collaboration: Nonna, Grande’s beloved grandmother who appears on album closer “Ordinary Things.”

	Grande has earned eight No. 1 singles on the Hot 100, including “Thank U, Next” (seven weeks), “Save Your Tears” (with The Weeknd, two weeks) and the eight-week leader “7 Rings.” On the Billboard 200, the multi-hyphenate has sent five titles to the chart’s summit, including 2013’s Yours Truly, 2014’s My Everything, 2018’s Sweetener and 2020’s Positions.

	Stream Eternal Sunshine now.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.