By
			
			Jayakrishna Dasappan		

Unless you are living under a rock, you must be aware that former AEW World Heavyweight Champion Chris Jericho is not only a professional wrestler. He is a man of many faces. The Ocho is a wrestler, an actor, and the lead singer for his band Fozzy.
Recently, a video has been surfacing on the internet of The Ocho and his band Fozzy playing the cover of Soft Cell’s “Tainted Love”. While doing so, Chris Jericho was dressed up as David Bowie.
ah here pic.twitter.com/8cb1QZDjxp
More videos have surfaced online, this time featuring Jericho performing “Blinding Lights” by The Weeknd: 
it’s time to leave chris jericho in 2024 pic.twitter.com/Ljjiv5bFTg
As mentioned earlier, The Ocho has multiple roles in the entertainment industry. He had recently been interviewed by WFAA. During the interview, Jericho shared how he manages being a wrestler, a singer, and an actor all at the same time. 
“So yeah, I mean, so you kind of go into it with that attitude, that idea. And I’ve done actually quite a few movies over the last year or two, it’s kind of…that world is opening up now a little bit more as well,” Chris Jericho said. “So it’s all timing, you know? I mean, I couldn’t really do a lot of acting in the 2000s, 2010s because I was working four days a week with WWE, and then Fozzy comes into play.
“And that kind of takes up a lot of time too. But now, with AEW, we work basically once a week. I mean, sometimes it’s two, but most of the time it’s one. So it gives you a lot more time to do Fozzy tours. And that’s [why] the band has grown as much as we have, or to do more acting, which is why we’ve done five movies in the last year, maybe six, something like that. So yeah, it’s all timing and just keeping the plates spinning in a way that you can make everything work.”
The Ocho also shared his experience in acting in the film MacGruber.
“Funny thing about that is that, that was quite a lot of improv,” Chris Jericho revealed. “Will Forte was also a groundling. And typical Jericho, when they asked me to do the part, I was like, ‘Well, I’ll only do it if there’s lines.’
“And so they had some lines. I was like, ‘That’s not enough lines. I’m just going to improv with him.’ And either he’ll go with it, or he won’t. And either the director will like it or he won’t. They could just say, ‘Hey Chris, stick to the script,’ or ‘That’s great, let’s do it again.’ And so that’s what we did, improv. I mean, it was a short scene, but it would have been a lot shorter had I not thrown a couple lines at him.”
Which Chris Jericho do you like the best? The actor, the singer, or the professional wrestler?
Jayakrishna Dasappan is an avid wrestling fan who has been following the sport since the age of five. He has been writing about the same since 2016. He has previously worked at organisations such as WoW Nation, Sportskeeda, and Sportsmanor.
Share article