By Author Simon Delott


Published: May 03, 2024 at 1:29 PM • Updated: Aug 05, 2024 at 3:59 PM • Category Benny Blanco 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
Will Selena Gomez be attending the Met Gala with Benny Blanco?
Selena Gomez has swapped one look for another over the years, but she she remains consistently gorgeous.
That’s as true for her Met Gala appearances as anywhere else. Selena is a style inspiration.
Fans always wonder what look Selena will wear if and when she attends. And right now, they want to know whether Selena will bring Benny Blanco as her Plus One to the high fashion charity.
In 2014, she and other guests attended the “Charles James: Beyond Fashion” exhibition. Selena Gomez arrived in a jaw-dropping Diane von Furstenburg plum gown.
Selena has never needed a date on her arm to accessorize. Even though she has, in fact, 
For Gomez’s very first Met Gala—in 2014, celebrating the “Charles James: Beyond Fashion” exhibition—the star wore a plunging plum gown by Diane von Furstenburg. It’s a timeless silhouette that set the tone for almost every Met she’s attended since.
Selena Gomez wore a white and deeply flattering Vera Wang gown to her second Met Gala. 
The most eye-catching part of her ensemble was a bold bouquet of white orchids in her hair.
Some years, however, Selena sports a simpler hairstyle to allow the focus to fall upon her dress.
Selena did not try to outdo the most creative or campy guests, but she also did not ignore the Met Gala prompt.
Instead, she wore a Louis Vuitton embellished white slip dress below a leather corseted harness. 
Simple jewelry accessories brought a flash of metal into the retro-futurist vibe.
In 2017, Selena Gomez dressed to impress for the “Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garcons” affair.
Selena worse a white Coach slip dress featuring a plunging neckline. She often favors simple embroidery accents on her clothing, and 2017 is only one of many examples of that preference.
Notably, in 2017, Selena attended the Met Gala with The Weeknd. It was their red carpet debut as a couple.
Selena’s majestic custom Coach dress worked well for 2018’s “Heavenly Bodies” exhibition. Her makeup, however, looked better in person than on camera.
After 2018, Selena took years off from the Met Gala. We don’t think that it was an “oh no, my makeup wasn’t photogenic and I’m too ashamed to show up” hiatus. She has been busy, working on her physical and mental health.
Fans want to see Selena return to the Met Gala in 2024 and beyond. But even if she’s on the Met Gala guest list, will she come alone?
Ahead of the event itself, it remains unclear whether Selena Gomez will actually attend. Let alone whether she and Benny Blanco will make a Met Gala debut as a couple.
Many Selenators do not really understand the romance. That’s fine. It’s Selena’s relationship, not theirs.
If they do end up at the Met Gala side by side, it will be interesting to see their red carpet looks.
Piers Morgan: King Charles Must Strip Prince Harry, Meghan Markle of Royal Titles
Britney Spears Pregnant: Is She Ready For Motherhood Without a Conservatorship?