Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
In a spectacular show of female dominance in the UK music scene for 2024, US superstar Taylor Swift clinched the title for the best-selling album while her peers commanded the charts. 
Swift, at 35, hit the top spot with her eleventh studio offering, 'The Tortured Poets Department', according to data from the Official Charts Company revealed by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI). But surprisingly, despite her hit 'Fortnight' featuring Post Malone, Swift did not break into the top ten for biggest selling singles.
Other prominent spots in the album rankings were held by Canadian icon The Weeknd with his compilation 'The Highlights' at second place, and American Sabrina Carpenter’s 'Short n’ Sweet' taking the third spot. Noah Kahan's 'Stick Season' followed at number four, with Billie Eilish's 'Hit Me Hard And Soft' rounding out the top five.
Chappell Roan marked her breakout year landing in sixth with 'The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess'. Meanwhile, Fleetwood Mac's anthology '50 Years – Don't Stop' and Charli XCX's influential 'Brat', which sparked the "Brat Summer" trend, stood firm at numbers seven and eight respectively.
Coldplay secured the ninth spot with their 10th studio album, Moon Music, which became one of the fastest-selling albums by any British act. US singer Olivia Rodrigo completed the top ten list with her album Guts, featuring the pop-rock song Vampire.
Jo Twist, the Chief Executive of the British Phonographic Industry (BPI), said: "We’ve seen another strong year benefitting from streaming and driven by era-defining women," She highlighted the achievements of various UK artists, including Coldplay, Charli XCX, The Last Dinner Party, and Myles Smith. 
However, she expressed concern over proposed changes to British copyright law, warning that it could put the "UK’s creative output and human creativity is being placed at risk by proposed changes to British copyright law, which would allow international tech giants to train AI models on artists’ work without payment or permission, and would be the wrong way to realise the exciting potential of AI" at risk by allowing international tech giants to use artists' work without payment or permission for AI training.
This, she said, would be a misguided approach to realising AI's exciting potential. She also raised concerns about the increasing issue of streaming fraud.