ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
THE TONIGHT SHOW STARRING JIMMY FALLON — Episode 1697 — Pictured: Singer Madonna arrives on ... More Wednesday, August 10, 2022 — (Photo by: Todd Owyoung/NBC via Getty Images)
Madonna is smack dab in the middle of her The Celebration Tour, but that hasn’t stopped her from returning to the Billboard charts. This week, the singer is not only back on one ranking she’s recently been performing particularly well on, but she finds her way into the highest tier on the tally once again.
On this week’s edition of the R&B Streaming Songs chart, Madonna appears inside the top 10. The legendary singer claims a top 10 smash yet again on the ranking of the most-streamed cuts labeled R&B by Billboard. She doesn’t appear inside the region with a brand new cut, but rather her most recent smash.
Madonna is joined by The Weeknd and Playboi Carti on the song “Popular,” which returns on this week’s R&B Streaming Songs chart at No. 8. The track previously topped out at No. 2 on the streaming-only list, narrowly missing out on giving all artists a leader. The cut has now spent 10 weeks on the chart.
This week’s R&B Streaming Songs chart is inundated with returning smashes. Last week, like so many other Billboard rankings, the R&B-focused tally was largely owned by Christmas songs. Millions of Americans stream holiday favorites back onto the weekly rankings every December, but once Christmas passes, all those wins disappear quickly.
This frame, a dozen tracks return to the R&B Streaming Songs chart. In addition to Madonna, stars like Ariana Grande, Nicki Minaj, Drake, SZA, and Frank Ocean are all back for another stay on the tally. Just one track, “One of the Girls,” debuts. That tune, which is also fronted by The Weeknd and features both Lily Rose Depp and Jennie from the band Blackpink, arrives at No. 7.
“Popular” was one of the sturdiest R&B songs of 2023. Recorded and released for The Weeknd’s TV show The Idol, the single turned out to outlive the program. While The Idol has been canceled, songs like “Popular” are still performing well, even months after they were first shared.