By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:13, 9 January 2024   |  Updated:  09:13, 9 January 2024   
 37
View  comments
Jared Leto was seemingly 'snubbed' from a Joker reunion snap at the Golden Globes on Sunday as Barry Keoghan and Joaquin Phoenix posed together.
The three actors have all portrayed the iconic Batman villain at different times during their careers, with Jared, 52, having taken on the role in 2016's Suicide Squad.
Despite having played the Joker, he missed out on a Batman reunion snap with Barry, 31, and Joaquin, 49, at the duo smiled together at the star-studded ceremony.
Barry, who portrayed the Joker in 2022, took to Instagram to share two pictures of himself posing with Joaquin - who will soon return to the role of the Batman villain.
He referenced the iconic villain in a caption as he wrote 'Just havin' a laugh' alongside a clown face emoji.
Jared Leto was seemingly 'snubbed' from a Joker reunion snap at the Golden Globes on Sunday as Barry Keoghan and Joaquin Phoenix posed together (pictured) 
The three actors have all portrayed the iconic Batman villain at different times during their careers, with Jared, 52, having taken on the role in 2016's Suicide Squad (pictured)
However, Jared was nowhere to be seen for the Joker reunion, despite having been sat directly next to Joaquin on a table throughout the awards' ceremony.
Taking to Twitter, one fan commented on his absence as they wrote: 'My favorite part of this is that Jared Leto was also there sitting at Joaquin's table and no one thought of calling him for the pic lmao.'
Barry played Joker in 2022's The Batman, and while he was only heard in the theatrical cut, Warner Bros. released a deleted scene with him and Robert Pattinson's Batman, shortly after the film hit theaters.
Meanwhile, Joaquin won his first Oscar for playing the title character in 2019's Joker, which isn't connected to the over-arching DC Extended Universe. 
He will also return as Arthur Fleck/Joker in Joker 2: Folie a Deux, starring alongside Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn.
It was previously reported that Jared was furious about Joaquin's Joker movie after his own performance in the role that he tried to get the film canned.
In 2019, it was claimed that Jared tried to get his agents' help in killing the Warner Bros. project.
He reportedly believed he had been 'strung along' by Warner with promises of his own Joker stand-alone film after Suicide Squad, only for Joaquin to win the title of a project the studio assumed to be small. 
However, Jared was nowhere to be seen for the Joker reunion, despite having been sat directly next to Joaquin on a table throughout the awards' ceremony 
Barry played Joker in 2022's The Batman, and while he was only heard in the theatrical cut, Warner Bros. released a deleted scene with him and Robert Pattinson's Batman
Joaquin, 49, won his first Oscar for playing the title character in 2019's Joker, which isn't connected to the over-arching DC Extended Universe
Jared spent months getting into character for his Joker and went as far as sending gifts to his castmates - a live rat to Harley Quinn's Margot Robbie, bullets to Deadshot actor Will Smith and a dead pig to the entire cast during rehearsal. 
Elsewhere at the Golden Globes, Joaquin and Barry were also both nominated for Golden Globes as well, though they came away empty-handed. 
Barry was nominated for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture - Drama, though he lost out to Oppenheimer's Cillian Murphy.
He was nominated alongside Andrew Scott (All of Us Strangers), Bradley Cooper (Maestro), Colman Domingo (Rustin) and Leonardo DiCaprio (Killers of the Flower Moon).
Joaquin was nominated for Best Performance by a Male Actor in a Motion Picture - Comedy or Musical for Beau is Afraid, but he lost to The Holdovers' Paul Giamatti.
Also nominated was Jeffrey Wright (American Fiction), Matt Damon (Air), Nicolas Cage (Dream Scenario) and Timothée Chalamet (Wonka)
The presence of two more Joker actor was also felt at the ceremony, when Oppenheimer director Christopher Nolan mentioned the late Heath Ledger, who played Joker to massive critical acclaim in 2008's The Dark Knight.
'The only time I've ever been on this stage before was accepting one of these on behalf of our dear friend Heath Ledger, and that was complicated and challenging for me,' he said, while accepting the award for Best Director for Oppenheimer.
He will also return as Arthur Fleck/Joker in Joker 2: Folie a Deux, starring alongside Lady Gaga as Harley Quinn 
'And in the middle of speaking, I looked down at Robert Downey Jr., [who] caught my eye and gave me a look of support.
'The same look [he's] giving me now — the same love and support he showed so many people in your community over the years,' he said.
Keoghan will next be seen in the Apple TV Plus TV series Masters of the Air alongside Oscar winner Austin Butler, which debuts January 26.
He also has Bring Them Down, Bird and an untitled project from The Weeknd with Jenna Ortega and Charli D'Amelio.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group