The Mustard-produced track marks K. Dot's fourth diss against the 6 God.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


	Less than 24 hours after unleashing his “Meet the Grahams” diss track, Kendrick Lamar strikes against Drake yet again with the scathing “Not Like Us.”

	On Saturday night (May 4), K. Dot dropped the Mustard-produced track on YouTube, marking his fourth diss against the 6 God, whose latest “Family Matters” arrived Friday evening.

	On the hard-hitting “Not Like Us,” Lamar claims Drake and his “OV Hoe” team are pedophiles. The accompanying artwork for the song shows an aerial view of Drizzy’s mansion outside of Toronto, with red sex offender symbols placed on the home.

	










	“Say, Drake, I hear you like ’em young/ You better not ever go to cell block one/ To any b—- that talk to him and they in love/ Just make sure you hide your lil’ sister from him,” Lamar raps over the potential club banger before referencing Drizzy’s 2021 album, Certified Lover Boy. 

	“They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs/ And party at the party, playin’ with his nose now/ And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?/ Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles.”

	“Not Like Us” follows Kendrick’s “Meet the Grahams,” in which he calls out Drake for being a “deadbeat” father and alleges that the 6 God is hiding another child besides Adonis. “You lied about your son, you lied about your daughter, huh, you lied about them other kids that’s out there hoping that you come,” Lamar raps, alluding that Drake has a daughter.

	Shortly after Lamar dropped “Meet the Grahams,” which arrived mere minutes after Drizzy’s eviscerating “Family Matters” diss, Drake responded to the claim on his Instagram Story. “nahhhh hold on can someone find my hidden daughter pls and send her to me,” he jokingly wrote alongside a series of face with tears emojis. “these guys are in shambles.”

	On Friday night, Drake dropped “Family Matters,” a seven-minute response to Lamar’s “6:16 in LA” diss track. On the track, Drizzy picks up where he left off to finish “Push Ups” and addresses K. Dot’s alleged fractured relationship with fiancee Whitney Alford, which he claims is filled with infidelity. Elsewhere, the 6 God also alleges that one of Kendrick’s kids could actually be Dave Free’s, Lamar’s pgLang partner. The diss also finds Drake setting his sights on A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, Metro Boomin, Future and Rick Ross.

	










	Listen to Lamar’s “Not Like Us” on YouTube below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.