ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK perform onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
Blackpink singer Jennie hit it big with her song “One of the Girls,” which has become an unexpectedly sturdy smash in America. The tune has now spent months on a number of charts, and while it’s slowly working its way down on most of them, it reaches a historic number of weeks on what is often considered the most important songs ranking in the nation this time around.
“One of the Girls” has now been living on the Hot 100 for 20 weeks. As it reaches that even sum, the track ties with two other beloved cuts as the fourth-longest-charting hit in American history by any South Korean musical act.
With 20 frames on the Hot 100, “One of the Girls” is now on the same level as both “Baby Shark” by Pinkfong and “Butter” by BTS. The former is more of a commercial jingle from a brand, but the latter is a proper smash from the biggest musical name to come out of the Asian country.
The record for the most weeks spent on the Hot 100 by any South Korean artist still belongs to BTS. Their smash “Dynamite” racked up 32 stays on the tally before falling away for good. It gave the septet their first of several No. 1s on the chart, and it remains one of the most successful tunes ever by a K-pop group.
Psy comes in a very close second place on this all-time ranking. His smash “Gangnam Style,” which helped millions of Americans learn what K-pop is more than 10 years ago, lived on the Hot 100 for 31 weeks. For many years that stood as the record...until BTS came along and ruled the chart.
Only one other track lands ahead of Jennie, Pinkfong, and “Butter” in terms of length of time on the Hot 100. Fifty Fifty’s “Cupid” was a 25-week charter on the tally, and it stands as the most successful tune ever by a South Korean girl group.
“One of the Girls” falls on the Hot 100 this frame, and it looks like it will disappear from the chart soon. This time around, the cut slips from No. 90 to No. 97. The single, which is fronted by The Weeknd and which also features Lily Rose Depp, could very well vanish in a few days, but at this point, its place in the history books is secured.