By ANDREW CROWLEY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:43, 25 April 2024   |  Updated:  23:50, 25 April 2024   
 28
View  comments
Benny Blanco claims he was 'the last one to know' that he was in love with Selena Gomez. 
The 36-year-old record producer and the brunette beauty went public with their romance late last year, but Benny has now admitted that it took him a long time to realize that he is actually in love with Selena.
Speaking to WSJ. Magazine, Benny shared: 'I was the last one to know.
'It’s crazy how your partner could just be sitting there the whole time, right in front of your eyes, and you don’t even notice.
'And then you have that Clueless moment where you’re like, "Wait, I’m in love."'
Benny Blanco claims he was 'the last one to know' that he was in love with Selena Gomez. The 36-year-old record producer and the brunette beauty went public with their romance late last year, but Benny has now admitted that it took him a long time to realize that he is actually in love with Selena. Seen April 22
She celebrated her boyfriend's birthday earlier this year by sharing this image of the two of them together with this caption: 'Happy birthday baby!'
An insider previously claimed that Selena, 31, feels 'safe and secure' with the musician.
The source told Entertainment Tonight: 'Benny is a great communicator, is honest and open with Selena, and listens to her.
'He's respectful, isn't a player, and not in it for the attention or fame.
'He doesn't care about any of that and Selena sees that and really trusts him.'
Selena - who has previously dated Justin Bieber and The Weeknd - feels that she can be 'her most authentic self with Benny without doubting his potential motives.'
The source added: 'It's taken a lot for her to let someone in, but Benny has proven himself to her and she appreciates his ideals and morals.
'She feels like she can give him a part of her heart that she hasn't been able to, or willing to, offer in a relationship in a very long time.
'Selena feels like she has finally found one of the good guys and it's been very refreshing for her.'
This comes after Gomez said she felt better after being diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
In Clueless Cher Horowitz famously realizes she's in love with stepbrother Josh (Paul Rudd)
This comes after Gomez said she felt better after being diagnosed with bipolar disorder. Seen on Wednesday in NYC
The star publicly revealed in 2020 that she had been diagnosed with the mental health condition, and Selena has now suggested that the news actually came as bit of a relief for her.
Speaking at the TIME100 Summit in New York City, Selena explained: 'All these confusing things were happening.
'Once I finally found the answer, it wasn't Oh, I have this problem. It actually made me feel better to know and understand what was happening in my mind."
Selena has found various ways of dealing with the condition, including sharing her story with others.
The Only Murders in the Building'actress said: 'Once you start to share a tiny bit, you just realize how much less alone you are and how so many of us are more alike than we are different.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group