BySimon Thompson
BySimon Thompson,
 Contributor. 
Inside the mind and music of 'The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy' at Halloween Horror Nights at Universal ... More Studios Hollywood.
"It's pretty wild," laughs John Murdy, Executive Producer of Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios Hollywood, as we discussed The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy.
It was the last of this year's houses to be announced and specifics about what lies in wait for guests have remained a closely guarded secret until now.
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy, which promises to give fans "an authentic, one-of-a-kind horror experience with surprises at every turn," is an all-new haunted house from the brain of the enigmatic superstar but in collaboration with the theme park's award-winning creative team led by Murdy. It will feature tracks from The Weeknd's fifth studio album, Dawn FM. In 2022, The Weeknd: After Hours Nightmare, inspired by the artist's acclaimed After Hours album, was a massive hit with Halloween Horror Nights ticket holders.
"When he started making After Hours, it was part of a trilogy that he has been making, and Dawn FM was the second part," Murdy explains. "I went to meet with him in January to pick his brain about the idea of doing a house that would encompass all three of those things. A lot of it is his version of Dante's Divine Comedy which includes Inferno, Purgatory, and Paradise. It's trying to fold in all of that. He's working on something in the future that is going to be the completion of that trilogy."
The third part of the trilogy will be the album Hurry Up Tomorrow, although no release date has been announced yet.
This is where the creative mastermind starts discussing the gory details ahead of the event kicking off on Thursday — September 5, 2024.
"If you think of the voice as you transition into the light, the DJ that Jim Carrey did on Dawn FM, that's kind of like Purgatory," Murdy says. "After Hours was like Hell in Las Vegas, which represented Inferno. So, we have created this whole new house that folds in all those things and gives you this experience. It's not super literal. We're not going, 'Okay, now you're in Purgatory, and now you're in Hell,' but it's suggestive of all that."
"It's super surreal and all inspired by his music, his videos, and his live show. A lot of it is trying to make you feel like what it's like to be him. There's a scene called Paparazzi Parasites where you're heading backstage to try to get to the club or the concert venue; it's just people yelling at you, but we turn them into monsters. There's a Green Room, which is entirely made from money. It's pretty cool."
He continues, "There are a lot of effects in there and a lot of crazy stuff that we've never done before. After that first meeting with him in Bel Air, we'd been talking all day, and I said, 'For some reason, I've got this image in my head of hands, and they're all trying to grab and hold you. It's this idea of when you're a celebrity, people are trying to reach out for you.' So there's a scene that's just a sea of hands, and holding him up, but a whole bunch of them are animated, and they rip his arms off. Like I said, it's pretty wild."
The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy, which is exclusive to Universal Studios Hollywood, is the second time that Murdy and The Weeknd, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, have collaborated, but with Dawn FM being the second part of a trilogy, does that mean a third house could be on the way in 2025 or 2026?
"We don't know," he muses. "He's been really good about letting us interpret his music and his brand. He's very hands-on, so I went to his house, hung out, and discussed all this with him. When I came back from that, we had a follow-up video call to get more information, and then I pitched him the whole thing, and Abel loved it. It's exciting to take his brand and bring it to life in a different way from concerts or videos. It has been a cool relationship. "
The Weeknd has his eye(s) on you in 'The Weeknd: Nightmare Trilogy' at Universal Studios Hollywood ... More during this year's Halloween Horror Nights.
Murdy has a long-running relationship with Slash, who has once again created a new soundtrack for this year's Universal Monsters haunted house, Universal Monsters: Eternal Bloodlines. He has also previously created attractions with Alice Cooper.
"I very much like working with music artists," he enthuses. "It's a totally different challenge than doing a haunted house for a movie or a TV show. With those, we're trying to serve that story and recreate those great moments from films or TV shows, but with this, it's an open slate. There are obviously songs, music videos, and things to be inspired by, but then we get to put our twist on it, which is fun."
The Weeknd isn't the only returning collaboration this year as Halloween Horror Nights' association with Blumhouse grows via the return of a live show, The Purge: Dangerous Waters in the WaterWorld arena, Terror Tram: Enter the Blumhouse featuring M3GAN, The Black Phone, Freaky, The Purge, and Happy Death Day and Insidious: The Further, a new haunted house based on the hit horror franchise.
"We have done Insidious houses a few times over the years, but this one is based heavily on the most recent film, Insidious: The Red Door, with callbacks to all the great moments from the previous films," Murdy reveals. "We went heavy into Red Door, but then at a certain point in the house, you start revisiting all of the classic demons, including the Bride in Black, The Man Who Can't Breathe, the Red-Faced Demon, and the hellish KeyFace. We get all of the great characters from the Insidious series into one house."
The Red-Faced Demon welcomes terrified guests at 'Insidious: The Further' at Halloween Horror ... More Nights.
Another returning IP is not based on a movie, TV show, or music but terrifying Latino folklore. Monstruos 2: The Nightmares of Latin America is a sequel to the 2023 event's hugely popular and terrifying Monstruos: The Monsters of Latin America house.
"When I was designing that first one, I actually had a sequel in mind, but I waited to see how that one was received," Murdy recalls. "Thankfully, our fan base loved it, so I told my art director when we started, 'You pick up the camera from where we were focused last year, move it to a different part of the graveyard, and that'll be our facade.' It's still the same graveyard, the cemetery of the lost caretaker character from last year. Muerte is still part of the experience, and the narrator who is talking to you outside the attraction."
This time there are three new monsters lying in wait for guests, namely El Charro Negro, The Black Horseman, El Cadejo, a devil dog, and the the child-eating bogeyman, El Cucuy.
"He's the creature that hides under your bed, the monster in your closet, he's all of that," Murdy explains. "You enter through the crypt, and the first one you come across is El Charro Negro. One of the common versions of that takes place in a cantina where a miner is bemoaning his state in life after a long day of work, and he says out loud, 'Life is so unfair. I would give anything to be wealthy and powerful.' A man in a dark suit appears in the doorway and says, 'I can make all your dreams come true.' You find out as you go there's a price for that, which is your eternal soul."
As ticketholders move through the attraction, they encounter the other nightmarish creatures, but Murdy is particularly pleased with a ghoulish detail towards the end, which even shocks him.
"Towards the end, there's a version of El Cucuy with some kids' heads in his mouth," he says. "They look pretty lifelike, so I asked my makeup artist about them, and he told me they are actually face casts of two sons. He cast his boys years ago when they were little, and these are from those molds."
"All three monsters are new characters to the house, but the bookend is the returning character of the gravedigger who greets you. I realized last year that we never actually said his name, so this year, I've scripted it so that when he's talking to people coming in at the front, he says, 'We've met before, haven't we? Do you remember my name? When you get to this point, he says, 'Do you remember my name now?' At that end, we see his name, Muerte, behind him as he whacks you over the head with a shovel, and you become a permanent fixture in his cemetery," he concludes. "It's wonderful."