Ahhh the year 2000. Let's go back to the dawn of the 21st century, with technological advances, the Y2K scare, and the rise of the internet. Everyone had on chunky platform sandals, low rise jeans, butterfly clips, and cargo pants. It's actually not a whole lot different from what you see the kid's wear these days. In 2000, we also saw the rise of pop stars like Britney Spears, Backstreet Boys, and NSYNC, who dominated the charts. Meanwhile, hip hop was becoming a cultural powerhouse, with artists like Eminem and Dr. Dre reaching new heights of popularity. Let's take a look back on some hip hop and R&B songs that are turning 25 in 2025 (and try not to feel TOO old).
Before we jump into the songs that are turning 25 next year, let's look back on what was popular a decade ago in 2015.
Just like in 2024 (and most likely 2025), Kendrick Lamar had a big year in 2015. He dropped his third album 'To Pimp A Butterfly' and was dominating the charts with Alright. The song snagged multiple Grammy nods and was named one of the best tracks of the decade by critics. It's still considered one of K.Dot's best songs. 
Another standout track from 2015 is 'Can't Feel My Face' by The Weeknd. His blending pop and funk with his signature dark R&B style made this song a certified banger. 
Drake was also dominating the charts in the summer with Hotline Bling. But the internet did what the internet does and turned the music video into an iconic set of memes that still gets used today. 
Let us not forget the classic banger Trap Queen. Some may call Fetty Wap a one hit wonder, but you can't deny that the song was everywhere in 2015. Well where is Fetty now? Currently serving a jail sentence after pleading guilty to drug charges in 2023.
Lastly, we have to include one of the last hits we got from RiRi before she went on her hiatus after her 2016 album 'Anti'. Three legends that no one ever suspected to work together dropped one of the best songs in 2015. 'FourFiveSeconds' stripped things way back with just acoustic guitar and vocals—and it worked like magic.
Now let's go back in time and remember some of the best hip hop and R&B songs that we had in our CD players and bumping from our speakers in 2000
The song was released to radio on 7 November 2000 and the lines LIT up. It was released as an official single in 2001 and eventually reached #1 on the charts. "It Wasn't Me" is still culturally iconic today. Used in many memes, TikTok's and reels.
Before stan meant to be a super fan, it was one of the most popular songs of 2000. The song received widespread acclaim for its emotional depth and remains one of Eminem’s most iconic tracks. Eminem kept the hits coming in 2000 with the release of 'The Real Slim Shady'
From Nelly's debut album, Country Grammar topped the charts in the summer of 2000- peaking at #7 on the Billboard Hot 100.
All though it technically came out in late 1999, 'Say My Name' by Destiny's Child was all over the charts in 2000. With its smooth harmonies and lyrical side-eye, Destiny’s Child gave us an R&B classic. The music video for "Say My Name" won the 2000 MTV Video Music Award for Best R&B Video. The song is still considered a trust-issues masterpiece.
Another certified classic. Ms. Jackson was released on October 24, 2000, as the second single from Outkast's fourth album. Inspired by André 3000’s real-life relationship with Erykah Badu and her mother. "Sorry, Ms. Jackson - OOOOHHH!" is still a bop and will be a bop forever-ever.
"Party Up (Up In Here)" is one of DMX's most iconic songs, released as a single in 2000 from his album "...And Then There Was X". It was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Rap Solo Performance
Remember the movie Romeo Must Die? Aaliyah landed her first movie role with this and produced 4 songs for the soundtrack. The music video won Best Female Video and Best Video from a Film at the 2000 MTV Video Music Awards.
Jay-Z – I Just Wanna Love U (Give It 2 Me) was a party anthem in 2000. The track was a testament to Jay-Z’s knack for blending clever wordplay with feel-good vibes, and it helped establish him as a force in mainstream hip-hop.
'Hot Boyz' officially dropped in 1999, but didn't gain popularity until the early 2000s. The song became a commercial success, reaching the #1 spot on the Hot Rap Singles chart and peaking at #2 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
From Ludacris' debut album Back for the First Time (2000). "What's Your Fantasy" was a breakout moment for Ludacris and helped establish him as one of the most distinctive voices in southern rap.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!