Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)
Get real!  For the billionth time, Doja Cat is NOT happening in Album of the Year.  Pure delusion.  Scarlet did practically nothing on the charts and has been long forgotten since January.
I’m also a massive Swiftie and I agree, she’s not winning GF for sure. Maybe Pop Group/Duo but I agree, unlike Midnights, TTPD isn’t part of the regular cultural zeitgeist. She doesn’t need to win for this.
Get real!  Sabrina Carpenter and Chappell Roan are NOT more competitive in Record of the Year, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year than Beyoncé and Billie Eilish.  Pure delusion.  Even Ariana Grande and Taylor Swift have stronger chances.
Gucci hate list:
Taylor Swift
Lady Gaga
Billie Eilish
Ariana Grande
Beyoncé
Miley Cyrus
Selena Gomez
Doja Cat
Nicki Minaj
Sabrina Carpenter
Camila Cabello
Victoria Monét
Britney Spears
Katy Perry
Brandi Carlile
Tate McRae
Chappell Roan
Tinashe
The Weeknd
Bruno Mars
Jay-Z
Chris Brown
Justin Timberlake
Justin Bieber
Harry Styles
Ed Sheeran
Shawn Mendes
Post Malone
Jacob Collier
BTS 
To be updated…
Gucci hate list: Taylor Swift Lady Gaga Billie Eilish Ariana Grande Beyoncé Miley Cyrus Selena Gomez Doja Cat Nicki Minaj Sabrina Carpenter Camila Cabello Victoria Monét Britney Spears Katy Perry Brandi Carlile Tate McRae Chappell Roan Tinashe The Weeknd Bruno Mars Jay-Z Chris Brown Justin Timberlake Justin Bieber Harry Styles Ed Sheeran Shawn Mendes Post Malone Jacob Collier BTS To be updated… 
Damn it’s that long? feels like the first page of Azealia Banks’ blacklist.
It's me... Hi
I’m totally ok with Taylor taking a step back. I don’t think she needs any more Grammys on her mantle and 14 is plenty. However a win for Best Music Film would be cute, but again this could stir backlash because simply put people just hate seeing her thrive and succeed. I want her to headline Coachella next year, or a full on tortured poets tour. 
She deserves a break from touring
Honey, Gucci also needs Taylor Shit to NOT get nominated this year.
Childish Gambino just put out his new single “Lithonia.” I would personally label it an alternative record, so that might be where he submits it.
Childish Gambino just put out his new single “Lithonia.” I would personally label it an alternative record, so that might be where he submits it.
That was…..something. Not sure if I like it but its stuck in my head 
Childish Gambino’s new album, the soundtrack to his film Bando Stone & The New World, will release July 19th.
Its being billed as his final album.
https://x.com/popbase/status/1808177530089934973?s=46&t=W7vKJYpmgcIRinwwqgWO1Q
I’m totally ok with Taylor taking a step back. I don’t think she needs any more Grammys on her mantle and 14 is plenty. However a win for Best Music Film would be cute, but again this could stir backlash because simply put people just hate seeing her thrive and succeed. I want her to headline Coachella next year, or a full on tortured poets tour. 
Nah, no one cares about below-the-line categories. AOTY is the only category that is relevant enough to cause a real backlash. Best Music Film is never televised and she’s won’t be the one accepting the award. She always skips the Premiere ceremony. Most of the GP wouldn’t even know about it tbh.
I’m expecting 0 wins for Taylor, with her not even attending. The film category is probably going to Beyoncé.
when you saw the dead little bird you started crying, but you know the killer doesn’t understand • how did I go from growing up to breaking down? • old habits die screaming • girl, how do you feel being a girl? • things I once enjoyed just keep me employed now • meet me behind the mall
Gucci does randomly like Olivia Rodrigo. 
I’m pretty sure he hated her in 2021 before the Deja Vu/Cruel Summer stuff.
I don't even have my lorazepam, I'm going to have to DRINK myself to sleep
2025 campaigns
Grammys: TBD
Emmys: Tramell Tillman Supporting Actor Drama Series, Parker Posey Supporting Actress Drama Series
If “Paint The Town Red” didn’t miss ROTY then maybe I’d put her in AOTY but that huge #1 song from her couldn’t make the general field and the album didn’t do that amazing outside of those 2 songs. Still the performances like Coachella do help and she can be a namecheck. 
I think the biggest reason PTTR didn’t make the GF is because they cut the nominations from 10 to 8. Had they kept it at 10 & she got in, she would’ve been the first artist in history to have been nominated for ROTY four consecutive times.
Honey, Childish Gambino’s upcoming album will be a total flop.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media