ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIANAPOLIS, IN - FEBRUARY 02:  Singer Madonna looks on on during a press conference for the ... More Bridgestone Super Bowl XLVI halftime show at the Super Bowl XLVI Media Center in the J.W. Marriott Indianapolis on February 2, 2012 in Indianapolis, Indiana.  (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)
This week’s singles chart in the U.K. is inundated with returning smashes, as the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the nation is not nearly as competitive as it was last frame. Now that Christmas has passed, holiday tunes have quickly fallen on the tally, and it is once again dominated by non-seasonal cuts. One of the biggest pop stars of all time finds her way back to the list, and by doing so, her latest win ties as one of her sturdiest.
Madonna is back on the U.K. songs chart this week with her single “Popular.” The tune returns at No. 48 after not appearing on the ranking for several weeks, as it couldn’t compete with the most beloved Christmas hits in history.
As of this frame, “Popular” has now lived on the U.K. songs chart for a total of 24 weeks. That’s a long time for any pop hit, and it means that the collaboration is now tied as one of Madonna’s third-longest-charting singles ever. That’s an impressive feat, considering the fact that the superstar has been charting wins on the tally for decades, and she is still able to keep a track going for months.
At 24 weeks spent on the U.K. songs chart, “Popular” is now on the same level as Madonna’s previous smash “Music.” That tune also held on for 24 turns back in 2000.
Leading the way among all of Madonna’s many smashes in terms of the most time spent on the U.K. songs chart is “Hung Up.” The ABBA-sampling dance banger racked up 40 frames somewhere on the tally, including several in first place.
The singer’s second-longest-charting hit in the U.K. is “4 Minutes.” That single, which credits both Timbaland and Justin Timberlake, lived on the songs chart in the nation for 29 weeks. At the rate that “Popular” is going, it could soon catch up to that former leader, which spent four turns in the driver’s seat.
“Popular” benefits from not only its catchy production and Madonna’s name but also the inclusion of two other superstars. The track is fronted by The Weeknd, who created it for his TV show The Idol. Hip-hop artist Playboi Carti is also featured on the cut, which has outlived the program it was recorded for.