SNL Sketch with Tim Meadows as OJ Writing “I Did It”
A Man Was Arrested for Having Sex . . . with an 82-Year-Old Woman’s Toyota Avalon – LINK
A Burglar Left a “Large Bowel Movement” in Someone’s Toilet – LINK
A Guy in a Car Chase Tried to “Thelma & Louise” It Off a Cliff but Survived – LINK
A Museum Fired an Employee for Hanging Up His Own Painting – LINK
A Man Didn’t Want to Pay Child Support . . . So He Tried Faking His Own Death – LINK
A Thief Stole $200 from a Baseball Team’s Swear Jar – LINK
Gas station robbery that ended with bystander killing suspect was staged as part of visa scheme: police – LINK
Driver arrested after blowing past Franklin County school bus, nearly hitting children – LINK
The Average American Will Pay $525,000 in Taxes in Their Life – LINK
The latest viral walking workout is all about fiber and farting. Here’s how you can try it out – LINK
Woman Tipped 2 Servers $1077 Because The Rapture Was Coming — Returned After The Eclipse To Demand Her Money Back – LINK
US mum mocked over ‘ridiculous’ babysitter ad which requires candidates to have master’s degree – LINK
Are Teenagers Even Responsible Enough to Babysit These Days? – LINK
National Grilled Cheese Day: What’s the Best Way to Cut One? – LINK
MUSIC
Def Leppard have a new song on the way. Bassist Rick Savage tells Stereogum, “We have just mastered a one-off single, and playing on it is Tom Morello from Rage Against the Machine, who was a huge fan back in the day when he was growing up. [Our second album] High ‘n’ Dry was like his Bible. He’s playing a solo on our new single, it’s going to be out there pretty soon.” Def Leppard will release a 40th anniversary edition of Pyromania in numerous configurations on April 26th. And they start their next tour on July 6th here in St. Louis – LINK
Five Finger Death Punch’s Zoltan Bathory has praised his band’s upcoming tourmate, Marilyn Manson on his sobriety. The two bands will be in St. Louis on Saturday, August 10th at Hollywood Casino Amp – LINK
Someone on eBay is trying to sell a ticket stub from guitarist Dimebag Darrell’s final show with Damageplan which was at the Alrosa Villa nightclub in Columbus, Ohio on December 8th, 2004, when a gunman opened fire, killing Darrell and three others, for $15,000 – LINK
TV
Eli and Peyton Manning are sticking with ESPN, keeping ‘Monday Night Football with Peyton and Eli’ and original content like as ‘Peyton’s Places’ and ‘Eli’s Places’ on ESPN’s platforms through 2034 – LINK
MOVIES
The Scary Movie franchise, which had five releases from 2000 through 2013, is being rebooted by Paramount Pictures – LINK
Rihanna signed on to voice Smurfette, contribute original music, and co-produce The Smurfs Movie. Paramount announced the all-star cast which includes Nick Offerman, Natasha Lyonne, Dan Levy, James Corden, Octavia Spencer, Sandra Oh, Kurt Russell, John Goodman, and more! – LINK 
“South Park” creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone are working on a live-action comedy with Kendrick Lamar.  Paramount film chief Brian Robbins told the crowd about the movie that is currently untitled. “This script is one of the funniest and most original scripts we’ve ever read, and it’s certain to create some fireworks when it hits theaters on July 4th, 2025” – LINK
MISC
Spotify is planning to introduce a new feature that will let users remix songs.  It’ll only be available on a subscription level called “super-premium” that’s not out yet. Oh, and for legal and financial reasons, the remixes made won’t be able to be shared on apps like TikTok and Instagram. There’s no word when this new feature will come out, but it’s rumored to be in a few months – LINK
IN THEATERS AND STREAMING
“Civil War”  (R)  Violence erupts across America under the dictatorship of Nick Offerman, a president trying to cling to power in his third term, after 19 states secede and declare war.
 “Don’t Tell Mom the Babysitter’s Dead”  (R)  This is an African-American remake of the 1991 Christina Applegate comedy where a 17-year-old becomes responsible for her brothers and sisters after their mom leaves the country, and the old lady she hired to watch them dies in her sleep.
“Arcadian”  (R)  A post-apocalyptic horror thriller starring Nicolas Cage as the widowed father defending his farm from alien creatures that only come out at night.  His sons are played by Jaeden Martell and Maxwell Jenkins.  You’d know Jaeden as Bill Denbrough in the 2017 version of Stephen King’s “It” and Max as Will Robinson on the Netflix “Lost in Space” remake.
New Albums:
• “Don’t Forget Me“, Maggie Rogers.  This is her third album.
• “Ghost Stories“, Blue Oyster Cult.  This is their 15th album.
• “We Still Don’t Trust You“, Future and Metro Boomin.  This is their second collaborative album.  Their guest is The Weeknd.
• “One Deep River“, Mark Knopfler.  This is his 10th solo album.  He was the lead singer of Dire Straits.
• “Way Out Here“, Riley Green.  This is a seven-song EP.
• “Strong“, Tyler Hubbard.  This is his second solo album.  He’s from Florida Georgia Line.
• “Nashville, Tennessee“, Ernest.  This is his third album
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC