ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 12: Singer Jennie Kim of BLACKPINK performs onstage during the 2019 ... More Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 12, 2019 in Indio, California. (Photo by Scott Dudelson/Getty Images for Coachella)
Blackpink singer Jennie has a lot planned for the future. She already announced a new collaborative single that’s expected soon, she recently launched a new company, and she’s likely working on plenty of other goodies for her fans that she has yet to announce. In the midst of all of these upcoming projects, Jennie is still riding high on several Billboard charts in America, and this frame, she manages an incredible showing with her latest solo smash.
Jennie’s single “One of the Girls” is still present on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart this week. The tally ranks the most-consumed hip-hop, R&B, and rap tunes in the U.S., and the Blackpink star’s hit slides slightly from No. 31 to No. 35, finding space inside the top 40 once again.
“One of the Girls” has now lived on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for 20 weeks. No other track by any South Korean musician has reached that milestone. Actually, none has come even close.
Before Jennie’s single arrived, the record for the longest stay on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs ranking by any cut by a South Korean artist belonged to a musician named Skull. His track “Boom Di Boom Di” managed 10 frames somewhere on the tally before disappearing.
Jennie has now doubled that previous record in terms of time spent on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart...and her accomplishment is even more impressive than it may seem at first.
When Skull reached the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs list, it was back in 2007. A lot has changed with the tally since then, including its length. “Boom Di Boom Di” never rose higher than No. 80 on the chart–but the list hasn’t included that many spaces for years. Jennie’s single has managed 20 stays on the roster, even though it now features just 50 rungs.
Aside from Skull, the longest-charting tune by any South Korean musician on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs tally–when it only included 50 spots–belongs to another Blackpink singer. Lisa’s “Money” held on for half a dozen turns in 2021. Jennie has now more than tripled that figure.
It seems likely that “One of the Girls” will continue to add to its historic run. Even if it falls again, at the rate the single–which is a collaboration with The Weeknd and Lily Rose Depp–has been sliding backward, it appears that it will still be a little while before it vanishes completely. Every frame it holds on is history made once again for Jennie.