By PAUL CHAVEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:14, 5 July 2024   |  Updated:  15:36, 9 July 2024   
 56
View  comments
Winnie Harlow wore a plunging semi-sheer gown while attending Fanatic CEO Michael Rubin's 4th of July party in the Hamptons on Thursday.
The Canadian model, 29, beamed as she greeted Machine Gun Kelly, 34, with a hug while mingling with the star-studded crowd.
Winnie showed off her cleavage in the shimmering, white Bronx and Banco dress with a cowl neckline and draped hood. 
The America's Next Top Model star styled her long dark hair straight and opted for a deep brown lipstick. 
To complete her look, Winnie accessorized with chunky clear bracelets and oversized ring. 
Winnie Harlow wore a plunging semi-sheer gown while attending Fanatic CEO Michael Rubin 's 4th of July party in the Hamptons on Thursday 
The Canadian model, 29, beamed as she greeted Machine Gun Kelly, 34, with a hug while mingling with the star-studded crowd 
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show veteran was seen arriving with model Emily Ratajkowski, 33, and they schmoozed it up together on the sports mogul's posh property while dressed to the nines in aesthetic outfits.
The guest list also included reality star Kim Kardashian as well as football legend Tom Brady, his former teammate Rob Gronkowski and their old boss Robert Kraft.
As it stands, it's the bash's fourth year, and with each, the shindig has become more and more anticipated. Sports Illustrated model Brooks Nader, 27, was spotted arriving shortly thereafter, dazzling the cameras with her equally photogenic sister.
Once inside, Brooks was seen posing for photos with Livvy Dunne, the 21-year-old gymnast sensation.
Rubin's model fiancée, meanwhile, 33-year-old Camille, was seen flaunting her own outfit - and toned abs - on social media shortly before, as she kicked off the gathering with an accompanying caption, 'white party time.'
A few hours later, she shared performances offered on-site by stars like Mary J Blige, as well as footage of guests enjoying fireworks from their ocean-view.
Other photos showed other white-clad women enjoying the view from the 51-year-old's $50 million oceanfront home, soaking in the sun in front of his floor-to-ceiling windows.
The beach of Bridgehampton sits just across the way, facing the glass-covered structure's four floors and sprawling roof.
Winnie showed off her cleavage in the shimmering, white dress with a cowl neckline and draped hood 
Winnie arrived with her friend Emily Ratajkowski and they posed on the sprawling lawn 
The America's Next Top Model star styled her long dark hair straight and opted for a deep brown lipstick
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show veteran, shown last month in New York City, has the chronic skin condition vitiligo
Winnie has been in a relationship since 2020 with pro basketball player Kyle Kuzma, 28, who currently plays for the Washington Wizards of the National Basketball Association.
Kyle won an NBA championship with the Los Angeles Lakers in 2020 before he was traded to the Wizards in 2021.
Winnie was featured in the music video for We Still Don't Trust You by Future and producer Metro Boomin with the Weeknd that was released in April.
She previously was in music videos for Wizkid, Calvin Harris, Beyoncé and Eminem.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group