11
New Articles










New Articles
Find Your Next Job !
Whether or not you are a TikTok user, you have likely heard about how the platform allows creators to combine music clips with original content to create viral videos. The ability for users to leverage an extensive music database has, in large part, allowed TikTok to become one of the most used social media platforms in the world, and its influence in the global music business has been monumental. Less noticed, however, is how TikTok has increasingly blurred the lines between authentic (i.e., human) content creation and AI generated content. By all outward appearances, TikTok seems to be turning a blind eye to AI generated content proliferating across the platform over the past year and, in some cases, has even provided tools to encourage the creation of more AI images and videos such as the Bold Glamour filter or the TikTok Creative Center. To TikTok’s credit, it updated its Community Guidelines requiring creators to label their “[s]ynthetic and manipulated media that shows realistic scenes” so users are not confused or misled.1 These Guidelines may only have a limited effect, however, because the policy relies on the creators to judge whether or not to include the labels and TikTok may give creators more latitude when the “expressive value” outweighs individual harm, especially in cases involving public figures.2 Yet when it comes to music, TikTok has historically relied on licensing deals from music groups, individual artists, and studios to integrate music into the platform. AI, however, is changing that too.
Recently, one of the largest music groups—Universal Music Group (“UMG”)—publicly revealed an ongoing contract dispute with TikTok. The parties failed to successfully negotiate a renewal term before the current agreement expired on January 31, 2024, leading to a full contract termination. In an open letter, UMG shares the details of the dispute which features, in large part, UMG’s interest in TikTok strengthening its guardrails around the use of AI generated music. Specifically, UMG argues that AI generated music “massively dilutes the royalty pool” for human artists and that TikTok is dismissive towards adopting alternative royalty models, including an “artist-centric” model that UMG CEO Lucian Grainge proposed earlier this year. TikTok, for its part, has responded that UMG is putting “greed” above the interests of artists and songwriters3 and promptly removed UMG’s music library on February 1, 2024. What happened next for content creators was striking: many of their past clips went silent and their music options for new clips were drastically reduced. One popular TikToker, Natalie Rose, described feeling “freaked out” and “panicked” that her sounds were no longer available but is working to make the audio available again.4 And while UMG and other music groups are validly concerned that AI can easily torrent their artists’ songs5 or, in Drake’s case, falsely attribute music to them,6 removing these sounds altogether is a ‘nuclear option,’ which consequently limits TikTok and its creators from generating more views and revenue.7
The UMG-TikTok dispute highlights four key considerations for businesses heading into 2024 regarding AI use in the workplace:
In the case of TikTok, it is easy to understand why TikTok uses and encourages users to incorporate AI in their content as a way to boost user engagement with the platform and provide more features (and it's easy still to see why UMG is pushing back). Companies in other verticals will certainly have similar efficiency and engagement gaining needs and interests. As we’ve discussed in our “AI for GCs: What You Need to Know for 2024” Article, one of the best and simplest ways to objectively determine what AI tools a company should (or should not) adopt is using a practical framework. The considerations outlined above help drive the choices of decision-makers, but the analysis does not end here. On the contrary, decision-makers must weigh the benefits and risks of adopting AI while juggling internal and external pressures and obligations.
Footnotes
[1] Community Guidelines – Integrity and Authenticity, TikTok (Mar. 2023), https://www.tiktok.com/community-guidelines/en/integrity-authenticity/#3. TikTok also announced they are testing ways to label this content automatically. Id.
[2] Id.
[3] New Labels for Disclosing AI-Generated Content, TikTok: News Room (Sept. 19, 2023), https://newsroom.tiktok.com/en-us/tiktok-statement-in-response-to-universal-music-group.
[4] Natalie Rose (@nnapples), TikTok (Feb. 2, 2024), https://www.tiktok.com/@nnapples/video/7330747311800323371?_r=1&_t=8jY9BtWGPn9&social_sharing=1.
[5] Elias Leight & Kristin Robinson, 5 Ways AI Has Already Changed the Music Industry, Billboard: Tech (Aug. 4, 2023), https://www.billboard.com/lists/ways-ai-has-changed-music-industry-artificial-intelligence/getting-stems.
[6] Bill Donahue, Fake Drake & The Weeknd Song — Made With AI — Pulled From Streaming After Going Viral, Billboard: R&B/Hip-Hop (Apr. 17, 2023), https://www.billboard.com/pro/fake-ai-drake-the-weeknd-song-pulled-streaming.
[7] See Christopher Kuo, Vocal TikTok Users Navigate a Quieter App, N.Y. Times (Feb. 3, 2024), https://www.nytimes.com/2024/02/03/arts/music/tiktok-umg-songs-music.html.
[8] According to the release, C3 will be able to provide its large language model to businesses without concerns over data privacy breaches, hallucinations, and IP liability exposure. Mike Sak, C3.AI Releases Enterprise Generative AI Suite – This Week in AI, MLQ.ai (Sept. 8, 2023), https://www.mlq.ai/c3-ai-releases-generative-ai-entreprise-twai.
[9] Kathryn Allen & Kelsey Brandes, Mitigating Your Greater Data Privacy Risk: How to Establish an Effective Vendor Management Process, 9 Pratt’s Priv. & Cybersecurity L. Rep. 186, 186–87 (2023).
[10] Kai-Fu Lee, AI's Real Impact? Freeing Us From the Tyranny of Repetitive Tasks, Wired (Dec. 12, 2019), https://www.wired.co.uk/article/artificial-intelligence-repetitive-tasks.
More Upcoming Events
Sign Up for any (or all) of our 25+ Newsletters
You are responsible for reading, understanding, and agreeing to the National Law Review's (NLR’s) and the National Law Forum LLC's  Terms of Use and Privacy Policy before using the National Law Review website. The National Law Review is a free-to-use, no-log-in database of legal and business articles. The content and links on www.NatLawReview.com are intended for general information purposes only. Any legal analysis, legislative updates, or other content and links should not be construed as legal or professional advice or a substitute for such advice. No attorney-client or confidential relationship is formed by the transmission of information between you and the National Law Review website or any of the law firms, attorneys, or other professionals or organizations who include content on the National Law Review website. If you require legal or professional advice, kindly contact an attorney or other suitable professional advisor.  
Some states have laws and ethical rules regarding solicitation and advertisement practices by attorneys and/or other professionals. The National Law Review is not a law firm nor is www.NatLawReview.com  intended to be a referral service for attorneys and/or other professionals. The NLR does not wish, nor does it intend, to solicit the business of anyone or to refer anyone to an attorney or other professional.  NLR does not answer legal questions nor will we refer you to an attorney or other professional if you request such information from us. 
Under certain state laws, the following statements may be required on this website and we have included them in order to be in full compliance with these rules. The choice of a lawyer or other professional is an important decision and should not be based solely upon advertisements. Attorney Advertising Notice: Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Statement in compliance with Texas Rules of Professional Conduct. Unless otherwise noted, attorneys are not certified by the Texas Board of Legal Specialization, nor can NLR attest to the accuracy of any notation of Legal Specialization or other Professional Credentials.
The National Law Review - National Law Forum LLC 2070 Green Bay Rd., Suite 178, Highland Park, IL 60035  Telephone  (708) 357-3317 or toll-free (877) 357-3317.  If you would like to contact us via email please click here.
Copyright ©2025 National Law Forum, LLC