By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:49, 22 January 2024   |  Updated:  10:51, 23 January 2024   
 129
View  comments
Ariana Grande and her boyfriend Ethan Slater were spotted holding hands as they touched down into New York City together on Sunday. 
In photos obtained exclusively by DailyMail.com, the couple wore coordinating black outfits as they strode through JFK Airport together, accompanied by Ariana's loyal dog Toulouse.
Ariana, 30, had her hands full with Toulouse's pink leash and a sleek tote slung over her shoulder while her boyfriend, 31, carried a pink shopping bag.
She finished off the look with a hat advertising the film she met Ethan on, Wicked.
The songstress - who recently announced her upcoming album Eternal Sunshine - kept the rest of her look casual and effortless, throwing on a grey crewneck, joggers, and fur-accented footwear.
Ariana Grande and her boyfriend Ethan Slater were spotted holding hands as they touched down into New York City together on Sunday 
Her boyfriend wore a very similar look - the Broadway star donned a white T-shirt, joggers, and Nike trainers. His belongings were contained inside a rugged brown bag thrown over his back.
The couple appeared to still be holding hands as they took the escalator. 
They then waited outside the airport, where Ariana was greeted with a bouquet of sunflowers and purple florals. 
The outing comes a day before Ariana's latest track, Yes, And?, landed at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts.
The new track was released January 12 and appears to take aim at the hate she received over her romance with Ethan.
Repeatedly asking, 'Yes, and?' she urges listeners to reflect on why they feel compelled to comment on her life.
'Your business is yours, and mine is mine,' the pop princess also croons, before adding, 'Why do you care so much whose d*** I ride?'
In another line she sings, 'Now i’m so done with caring what you think, no I won’t hide underneath your own projections or change my most authentic life.'
The lovebirds were accompanied by Ariana's dog Toulouse 
They then waited outside the airport, where Ariana was greeted with a bouquet of sunflowers and purple florals 
Ariana oversaw leash duties as Toulouse led the way 
The couple appeared to still be holding hands as they rode the escalator 
They were also matching in coordinating black outfits 
She held the bouquet close  
Grande had a stylish tote slung over her shoulder 
Slater had his belongings contained inside a rustic brown bag 
Ariana and Ethan met in December 2022 on the UK set of the film adaptation of the smash-hit Broadway musical Wicked, in which Ariana plays Glinda - the good witch - alongside Ethan as munchkin Boq. 
In the 80s'-inspired ditty Yes, And?, Ariana also appears to clap back at fan 'concerns' about her changing appearance, which she also addressed in an April TikTok.
'My face is sitting I don’t need no disguise,' she sings in Yes, And?. 'Don’t comment on my body, do not reply.'
Yes, And? serves as the lead track for Ariana's anticipated seventh studio album, which she started hinting at in late December.
The pop icon dropped her last studio album, positions, in 2020.
However, she's lent her vocals to other songs since 2021, including The Weeknd’s Save Your Tears and Die For You.
Meanwhile, Ariana and Ethan's Wicked is expected to hit theaters in November 2024.
The outing comes a day before Ariana's latest track, Yes, And?, landed at #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 charts 
The new track was released January 12 and appears to take aim at the hate she received over her romance with Ethan
The duo also appeared to have several balloons waiting for them  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group