By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:49, 3 June 2024   |  Updated:  09:36, 3 June 2024   
 6
View  comments
Megan Thee Stallion surprised fans by announcing the title and release date of her highly anticipated third studio album in Atlanta on Sunday.
The 29-year-old hitmaker — who recently debuted her raciest music video to date —revealed that the record is titled MEGAN during a stop on her Hot Girl Summer World Tour.
'SURPRISE HOTTIESSSS!!!! My New Album MEGAN will be coming out JUNE 28. Click the link in bio to PRE-SAVE NOW!' she wrote after the concert, sharing the cover art to her Instagram.
On her self titled album she hangs upside down in a cocoon while topless before she is reborn as a butterfly.
The record is said to have a snake theme, however, features tracks like BOA, Hiss and Cobra. 
Megan Thee Stallion surprised fans by announcing the title and release date of her highly anticipated third studio album in Atlanta on Sunday
'SURPRISE HOTTIESSSS!!!! My New Album MEGAN will be coming out JUNE 28. Click the link in bio to PRE-SAVE NOW!' she wrote after the concert, sharing the cover art to her Instagram 
The concept of album is said to symbolize rebirth and renewal as the New York native redefines herself as an artist
'Snakes represent rebirth, spirituality. I’m not really a person that’s like, Oh my God, sunshine and just super bubbly, happy. I like darker things,' she said of the album concept 
The concept of the album is said to symbolize rebirth and renewal as the New York native redefines herself as an artist.
'We started with the snake because, first of all, I love snakes, but I feel like snakes are so misunderstood, especially in western culture,' she told L'Officiel.
'Snakes represent rebirth, spirituality. I’m not really a person that’s like, Oh my God, sunshine and just super bubbly, happy. I like darker things. 
'I like things that are a little scary. I like things that are unique. I picked the snake because… it’s kind of like an antihero,' she added.
Fans went wild over the cover art and album title as some of her 31.8million followers took to the comments to pen their support.
One wrote, 'A world tour AND a new album!?!? we’re really outside this summer.' Another added, 'I NEVER DOUBTED YOU MEGAN!'
The post was a hit racking up over 425k likes and 7,325 comments adding to the buzz of the anticipated record.  
The Atlanta concert was initially postponed by a few days after a main water leak in the arena, but the GRAMMY winner made it up with the surprise announcement.
Just hours before the show the raven haired beauty posted a video of herself posing up a storm in a plunging blue mini-dress.
The risqué ensemble was elaborate and gorgeous rocking various attached silver accessories that tied the look together. 
She wore her signature long long curled as they cascaded over her shoulders with a full glam makeup look.
Megan left little to the imagination while flashing the flesh to promote her latest record. 
The Atlanta concert was initially postponed by a few days after a main water leak in the arena, but the GRAMMY winner made it up with the surprise announcement
Just hours before the show the raven haired beauty posted a video of herself posing up a storm in a plunging blue mini-dress
The risqué ensemble was elaborate and gorgeous rocking various attached silver accessories that tied the look together
MEGAN is currently available to pre-save on Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, YouTube Music, Deezer and Tidal
'ATLANTA HOTTIES !!! We’ve been going through ittt but tonight its really happening. Thank you for riding this out with me love yall,' she wrote in the caption.
Kill Bill hitmaker SZA penned her support for the rap star writing, 'Every fu**ing day !?? You gon choke us out EVERY DAY ?? Fine. more please.'
MEGAN is currently available to pre-save on Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon Music, YouTube Music, Deezer and Tidal. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group