Bad news for anyone hoping to nip to the beach or go for a picnic in the park after work today.
A new weather map shows the vast majority of the UK is set to be drenched on Thursday, with scattered showers throughout the day evolving into a solid band of rain.
The rain is predicted to approach from the west, drenching Northern Ireland and Wales in the early afternoon before moving eastwards.
By 6pm the majority of the UK is set to be drenched, with only East Anglia, north east Scotland, and parts of south east England expected to dodge the rain.
The Met Office forecast explains: ‘Outbreaks of rain, locally heavy pushing northeastwards across the UK through Thursday, accompanied by coastal gales in the south west during the afternoon. 
‘Remaining dry in the east for much of the day but rain arriving in the late afternoon.
‘Rain covering all parts overnight but turning light and patchy across England and Wales by dawn. 
‘Windy for many to begin with but milder than in recent days.’
This month has seen many of us complain about the cold, with thunder and rain only making conditions feel chillier, despite the month of May being the hottest on record.
This is due to a change in the jet stream, which is further south than usual and coming from the northwest.
It means that today, London will see temperatures around 15°C, compared to last year’s June 13 high of a whopping 28°C – but warmer weather could come next week, with highs of 20°C currently in the Met Forecast.
As the month of not so summery weather drags on, there may be some more pleasant patches, but the predominant pattern will be ‘cool’ and ‘showery’.
To get the latest news from the capital visit Metro's London news hub.
Rebekah Sherwin, deputy chief meteorologist at the Met Office, said: ‘The forecast suggests no strong signal for temperatures to get above average.’
Toward the end of the month, weather signals are too weak to make reliable forecasts according to the long range Met Office forecast.
It wrote: ‘All areas can be expected to see some spells of drier, sunnier weather but there will also be showers or longer spells of rain at times.
‘Temperatures are most likely to be close to normal or slightly above.’
And the cool, wet weather is coming just as thousands are prepping for festival season, including Glastonbury.
Rain almost spelled disaster for Mighty Hoopla last weekend as wet weather turned Brixton’s Brockwell Park into a ‘mud bath’.
It looks like ticket holders for this year’s Glastonbury Festival will have to brave the rain when they descend on Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset this month.
More than 200,000 people are expected to attend the music festival from Wednesday, June 26 to Sunday, June 30.
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will be headlining the event, where acts like Femi Kuti, Jamie Webster and Rachel Chinouriri are also playing.
Previous years have seen festivalgoers slipping and sliding in the mud as the footfall churns up fields.
The forecast isn’t all bad though, as sunny weather is expected to be mixed with the showers or ‘longer spells of rain’.
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Arrow
MORE: Taylor Swift seemingly wipes snot on outfit during chilly Eras tour performance
Arrow
MORE: Flight from London to US turns back with all passengers on board for nine hours
Arrow
MORE: Passengers strip while stranded on ‘sauna’ plane for three hours
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy