Several major artists' submissions for the 2025 Grammys have been unveiled.

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

Kendrick Lamar is still at Drake‘s neck after securing 10 submissions on the 2025 Grammys ballot using diss tracks from their infamous beef.

	Official nominations won’t be announced until Nov. 8, but The Hollywood Reporter shared several voting contenders. K. Dot submitted “Not Like Us” and “Like That,” his collab with Future and Metro Boomin. Both songs were submitted for Record Of The Year, Song Of The Year, Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song.

	The Dave Free and Kendrick-directed visual for “Not Like Us” is on the ballot for Best Music Video and the record itself is being considered for Best Arrangement, Instruments and Vocals. However, if the song wins in the latter, the trophy would go to the arrangers, not the rapper.

	Many including Kendrick’s producer Sounwave assumed “euphoria” would be submitted at least once and even shared on Instagram that it was up for consideration. However, it seems like the Grammy momentum will only include tracks from the beginning and end of the beef.

	










	The 37-year-old spoke on “Not Like Us” in his conversation with SZA for Harper’s Bazaar.














	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“’Not Like Us’ is the energy of who I am, the type of man I represent. Now, if you identify with the man that I represent. This man has morals. He has values. He believes in something. He stands on something. He’s not pandering. He’s a man who can recognize his mistakes and not be afraid to share the mistakes and can dig deep down into fear-based ideologies or experiences to be able to express them without feeling like he’s less of a man,” Kendrick explained.

	He added, “If I’m thinking of ‘Not Like Us,’ I’m thinking of me and whoever identifies with that.” However, Kendrick noted that he doesn’t believe he’s an angry person. “I do believe in love and war, and I believe they both need to exist,” he explained.

	Kendrick noted, “My awareness of that allows me to react to things but not identify with them as who I am. Just allowing them to exist and allowing them to flow through me. That’s what I believe.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.