Glastonbury will not be returning in 2026.
This year's festival at Worthy Farm in Somerset has just come to an end. But punters hoping to fill their boots with Glasto cheer for the next two years on the trot will be gutted to hear that the festival will be getting a rest.
Glastonbury boss Emily Eavis has announced that the festival needs a fallow year to "give the land a rest". It means that after the festival finishes next year, fans will have to wait two years for its return.
READ MORE: 'Hero' Louis Tomlinson brings TV to Glastonbury as festival opts out of showing football
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Emily Eavis, 44, daughter of Glastonbury founder Michael Eavis, 88, told The Sun: "[It will] give the land a rest. The festival before a fallow year is always a fun one to plan, because you almost have to fit two years into one."
It seems she's already in the process of booking some huge stars for next year's roster as she added: "We're already in talks with some acts for it. It's exciting!"
However, Emily's main focus remains on this year's success, which saw Love Island host Maya Jama and rapper Stormzy, Hollywood star Paul Mescall, and Princess Beatrice party it up at the festival.
Emily added: "I really would like to say thank you to everyone who's made this year so special. It's got to be the best one yet. Every single one of our vast, incredible crew is crucial to making this event work."
"And, of course, it simply wouldn't exist without the participation of the kind, brilliant, respectful festival-goers. I think people here show a better way to live, and that they do take a little bit of that back to the outside world with them. It honestly restores your faith in humanity."
The final day of Glastonbury saw Shania Twain take the Legends Slot and Sunday evening saw SZA perform on the iconic Pyramid Stage.
Dua Lipa also graced the iconic Pyramid Stage for her Friday headline performance, and she told the crowd of 100,000: "I've written this moment down and wished for it and dreamt of it and worked so hard."
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.