Bandsintown has released High Notes 2024, the ultimate personalized recap for every Fan and Artist of their year in live music.
Starting today, fans will receive Bandsintown High Notes, a summary of the shows and venues they went to, new artists they followed, genres they favored, and more. They’ll also be able to compare their preferences to others in Bandsintown’s rapidly growing community of 93 million registered live music fans.
Bandsintown’s 640,000 registered artists will also get access to a personalized dashboard that recaps their follower growth, the number of shows they played along with a breakdown of the venues, cities, and countries that hosted them.
Artists can also customize and download High Notes 2024 graphics to share on social media. 
“With 1.5 million events published by artists on our platform, live music played an increasingly pivotal role in shaping culture this year—bringing more variety, promoting diversity, and creating deeper, more genuine connections between artists and fans.” says Bandsintown co-founder and managing partner, Fabrice Sergent. “High Notes is our way of spotlighting these trends and celebrating the performers, places and people who keep local live music scenes alive and thriving.”
In 2024, Bandsintown doubled its concert recommendations shared to 7.5 billion generating over 230 million clicks to buy tickets.
The year was also a tipping point for artist-fan engagement, with 275 million new artist followers and over 9.5 million new users organically joining the Bandsintown platform.
While there are some early warning signs for live music going forward – rising costs, possible oversaturation, and troubles with ticketing – as Team Bandsintown so aptly stated: “Live music isn’t just back. It’s more vibrant, diverse, and essential than ever.”
Bruce Houghton
With the internet and digital technologies driving rapid change within the music industry, articles about new releases and who has been hired and fired are no longer enough. Our up to the minute industry news alongside insightful commentary helps our readers sift through the rumors and developments to find the information they need to keep their businesses moving forward.
 Hypebot is read daily by more than 30,000 music industry professionals including executives and senior staff of music related tech firms, internet based music sites, every major label group and most indies as well as many managers, artists and members of the live music community:
Contact us for the latesst stats, ad rates and sponosorship opportunites. We also offer combined rates with MusicThinkTank.
 “I swear by Hypebot every morning over breakfast.” Derek Sivers Founder, CD Baby
 “Hypebot is the most focused music business centric resource we have.” Celia Hirschman One Little Indian, Downtown Marketing & KCRW-FM
 “Well done.” Seth Godin Marketing guru