The 16 award categories for next year’s ceremony have also been announced
The award trophy for the BRITs 2025 has been unveiled, with the latest design being created by Gabriel Moses. Check it out below.
Moses is an acclaimed British-Nigerian multi-disciplinary artist, who has collaborated with the likes of Skepta, Little Simz, Burberry and more throughout the years.
The trophy he designed will be presented to the winners at the 2025 edition of the awards ceremony, which will return to The O2 in London on March 1. By creating the 2025 interpretation of the award, Moses joins an incredible alumni of creatives who have designed past trophies – including Dame Vivienne Westwood, Sir Peter Blake, Tracey Emin, Dame Zaha Hadid and more.
Taking on a stripped-back, bronze appearance, the latest design was inspired by his childhood and makes a nod to the different sculptures owned by his mother. To achieve the texture, his creative process focused on honing in on the tones found throughout his work, and recreating them in sculpture form.
Discussing being chosen for the 2025 design, the artist said it was “truly an honour and something I will always be grateful and proud of.”
2025 BRIT Award trophy designed by Gabriel Moses. CREDIT: Press
He continued, explaining the look of the trophy: “It all stems from my upbringing, my Nigerian heritage, sculptural works my mum would showcase all around our house…. We tried to blend history and presence, with the latter informing the colours and texture of the sculpture, as for me it was also key to bring my photographs into this.
“To do so, we focused on the textural aspect of it, which is reminiscent of light and backdrops I use,” he added. “Texture is everything, in all my mediums really, so creating the tones that people can identify within my work and bringing that to sculpture was an exciting process. Throughout the whole research phase, it was exciting to explore materials that we’d like to delve into and shapes in which we’d be able to push the sculpture.
“I wanted to explore the fabrics that made me. That’s all I’ve ever tried to do with my work – just bring my memories and my culture into everything, whether that be South London or Nigerian heritage.”
As well as working on the BRIT Award for 2025, Moses has also collaborated with Skepta, Little Simz, Pharrell, Zinedine Zidane, Travis Scott, Burberry, Dior, Louis Vuitton, and more, and had his work featuring in publications such as Vogue, Harper’s Bazaar, The New York Times and i-D.
“The BRITs always look to bring in the most interesting and trailblazing artists to put their own signature twist on the iconic statue, and this year, in Gabriel Moses, we have landed one of the most exciting and in-demand creative figures in the world,” Said Damian Christian, Managing Director and President of Promotions, Atlantic Records UK, and Chair of the BRIT Committee for 2025.
The BRIT Awards ceremony in 2024. CREDIT: JMEnternational/Getty Images
“His extraordinary art and vision has taken him around the planet to work with the biggest names in music, fashion and sport, yet his style remains deeply rooted in UK culture as well as in his Nigerian heritage. We’re delighted to have him on board and his sleek, striking, design will be one for the history books.”
Returning in March, next year’s ceremony will be broadcast live on ITV1 and ITVX and see sponsorship from Mastercard for the 27th year. ITV remain as the official broadcaster for the 32nd year, and The O2 arena will host The BRITs for its 14th year.
Today (November 21), the 16 award categories for the 2025 ceremony have been shared. Check them out below.
Artist of the Year
Group of the Year
BRITs Rising Star
Best New Artist
Song of the Year with Mastercard
Mastercard Album of the Year
International Artist of the Year
International Song of the Year
International Group of the Year
Alternative/Rock Act
Pop Act
R&B Act
Dance Act
Hip Hop/Grime/Rap Act
Producer of the Year (honorary award as decided by a separate expert panel)
Songwriter of the Year (honorary award as decided by a separate expert panel)
This year’s edition of The BRITs took place on March 2, and saw RAYE break the record for the most BRIT Award wins in a single night, taking home six of the seven trophies she was up for. Prior to her, no artist had won more than four BRITs in any one year, with Adele, Harry Styles and Blur each achieving that feat.
RAYE used one of her speeches to call on music executives to allow songwriters to receive royalty payments. “It doesn’t have to be at your expense, but it just means that if the songs win big, then the writers get to win big too. Please allow that to happen. Please, please, please. Thank you,” she said.
Other winners on the night included Dua Lipa, Calvin Harris, Miley Cyrus, Bring Me The Horizon, CASISDEAD, Chase & Status, Jungle, Boygenius, The Last Dinner Party and SZA.
Clara Amfo, Maya Jama and Roman Kemp hosted the 2024 ceremony, and the show saw live performances from Dua Lipa, Kylie Minogue, RAYE, Becky Hill, Chase & Status, Calvin Harris, Ellie Goulding, Rema, Tate McRae and Jungle.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.