Janelle Monáe has announced details of a three-night residency in Manchester that’ll take place just days after the superstar’s Glastonbury performance.
The Grammy-nominated singer and actor, who took on a starring role in Netflix’s mega-hit Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery in 2022, will bring the series of ‘electrifying but intimate’ shows to Manchester’s Aviva Studios from July 2 to 4. Tickets will be going on sale next week.
The shows also come hot on the heels of the release of her fourth album The Age of Pleasure last year. Since releasing her debut album The Archandroid in 2010, Janelle has become known for her stylistic and enthusiastic performances.
READ MORE: Stevie Nicks announces Manchester show at Co-op Live
Last week, Janelle was unveiled as one of the many artists set to perform at Glastonbury from June 26 to 30. She will perform on the Pyramid stage alongside the likes of Cyndi Lauper, LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz and headliners Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA and Shania Twain.
Having previously played at the Manchester International Festival in 2019, the American artist had been set to return to Manchester in 2023 as part of last year’s festival but her three shows were forced to be cancelled due to scheduling conflicts that meant she was "unable to travel to Europe".
Factory International, who are behind Aviva Studios, said Janelle’s first shows in Manchester in five years were ‘not to be missed’. In a press release, they said: “Factory International are pleased to announce three nights of the multi-talented Janelle Monáe, one of the most celebrated acts of our generation.
“From 2 to 4 July she’ll take up residency for a series of electrifying but intimate nights of music in the Hall of the landmark new cultural venue, Aviva Studios. After an unforgettable performance at her sold-out concert at the 2019 Manchester International Festival, this triumphant return to the city is not to be missed.”
Tickets for the shows will go on sale to Factory International members at 10am next Wednesday (March 20). General sale will begin from 10am on March 21 via Ticketmaster.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.