By 

	Daniel Kreps


	Organizers of the Made in America Festival have announced that the Philadelphia fest will not take place for a second consecutive year.

	“Made In America will not take place in 2024,” organizers wrote on social media Wednesday. “Since its inception, this groundbreaking festival has celebrated music & community – from creating a space for fans to connect, to uplifting local small businesses & shining a light on important causes. It has strived for accessibility, eliminating barriers through affordable tickets and location.”
A post shared by Made In America Festival (@miafest)

	After a decade-long run on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway, the 2023 Made in America Festival was canceled less than a month before it staged due to what organizers called “circumstances outside of production control.” Lizzo and SZA were set to headline the 2023 fest. In canceling last year’s festival, organizers were adamant that they would “deliver a top-tier festival experience” in 2024.

	Yet, two months before the Made in America festival typically announces its lineup, organizers have instead opted to scrap this year’s fest entirely.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	Organizers added Wednesday, “As purveyors of change, the Made In America executive production team is reimagining a live music experience that affirms our love and dedication to music and the work we do.” Despite the two-year hiatus, organizers promised “an exciting return to the festival” someday.

	The Roc Nation-produced, formerly Budweiser-sponsored festival had taken place in the City of Brotherly Love during Labor Day Weekends for over a decade, with Jay-Z, Beyonce, Pearl Jam, and Nine Inch Nails serving as headliners in its inaugural years; headliners in later years included Rihanna, Coldplay, Kendrick Lamar, Cardi B, and most recently, Bad Bunny and Tyler, the Creator.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.