Listen to 10 new must-hear songs from African artists Stonebwoy, Phyno, Holy Ten, Nasty C & Lekaa Beats and more. 

	Seven months after Tyla released her self-titled debut album, which spent five weeks at No. 1 on Billboard‘s World Albums chart, the popiano princess returned with the deluxe edition TYLA +. And after gaining co-signs from SZA, Ciara and more from his “Soh-Soh” cut from his Sunday’s At Zuri’s EP this summer, Afro-R&B artist Odeal is feeding his growing fanbase with more new songs.

	And those are just two of the best tracks of the month in African music, which in this edition of the column spans from Nigeria to Ghana to Zimbabwe to South Africa and back again. There’s the deep baritone of the rapper Holy Ten, the distinctive crooning of Ckay and BNXN, the aggressive stylings of Black Sherif and Stonebwoy and a high-profile guest spot from Afro Raver Rema, among several others.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	We’ve highlighted 10 of our favorite new songs by African acts that have come out roughly within the last month. Check out our latest Fresh Picks, and catch a vibe with our latest Spotify playlist below.

Phyno, “It’s Nothing” 

	Nigerian rapper Phyno doesn’t come to play on “It’s Nothing,” the opening track of his fifth studio album Full Time Job. He proclaims how his money and legacy are untouchable in his infectious Igbo flow. And Major Bangz’s ’90s hip-hop-inspired production, interspersed with a triumphant horn section, gives Phyno extra pep in his step.  

Tyla feat. Tony Duardo, Optimist & Maestro, “SHAKE AH” 

	Tyla already had our booties shaking to her breakthrough smash “Water” last summer, and she’s bringing us back to the dancefloor with “Shake Ah,” the first of three new songs featured on the deluxe edition of her eponymous debut album. With producer Tony Duardo (who frequently works with fellow amapiano star Uncle Waffles) and vocalists Optimist and Maestro in tow, the Grammy-winning artist stays true to her amapiano roots with the track’s bustling log drums and folk-tinged melody. “Too serious, too serious/ Hands on my hips, he don’t wanna let go,” she breathily coos. Only a handful of the lyrics are sung in English, proving that Tyla can continue breaking through the mainstream without breaking away from the sounds of her native South Africa.  

	










Odeal, “Temptress” 

	Following the success of his viral “Soh Soh” single, Odeal keeps his momentum going while sonically slowing things down on his latest enchanting offering “Temptress.” He croons about being in love with a woman whose lifestyle (“purple lights,” “cash on the bedroom floor,” you get the picture) clearly indicates the feelings aren’t mutual, while cleverly interpolating Aaliyah’s “Boy, I gotta watch my back, ‘cause I’m not just anybody” line from the chorus of “Are You That Somebody.” (“Friends told me to watch my back, ‘cause I’m one of many bodies,” he sings.) And Harry Westlake’s ‘90s R&B-inspired production has listeners as deep in their feelings as Odeal is in his.  

Wizkid feat. Brent Faiyaz, “Piece of My Heart” 

	Wizkid and Brent Faiyaz are a pair of amorous, yet slightly misleading heartthrobs on the sexy “Piece of My Heart” single, which arrives ahead of Wiz’s sixth studio album Morayo that’s due Nov. 22. Both artists remind their lovers how inseparable they are (“Nothing can tear us apart,” Faiyaz reassures before delivering the track’s titular line) over a sultry guitar hook and bubbling percussion. The Afrobeats superstar playfully nods to his and Drake’s Hot 100 No. 1 smash “One Dance” before the track slows down in its second half. Here, Wiz and Faiyaz croon about how hard it is for their women to catch feelings for them when they’re always catching flights. “Stressful, I know/ Every other day, another timezone,” Wiz expresses. Maybe having only a piece of their hearts isn’t enough.  

	










Nasty C, Lekaa Beats, ODUMODUBLVCK & Chip, “Trouble” 

	South African rapper Nasty C and Nigerian producer Lekaa Beats blend hip-hop, trap, Afrobeats and amapiano on their joint EP Confuse the Enemy. On the highlight track “Trouble,” Nasty C emphasizes the “pressure” he’s facing from all corners of his life, while featured guests Nigerian MC ODUMODUBLVCK and UK rapper Chip spit verses about their own hardships and how their hustle helped them persevere (“That’s why I let my heart pour every time I rhyme/ ‘Cause I never know who’s listening to me on the other side,” Chips raps). And Lekaa’s affecting Afrofusion production makes those listening to “Trouble” feel at ease.  

Holy Ten feat. MrCandy, “Kilimanjaro”

	Zimbabwean rapper Holy Ten’s deep baritone anchors this track off his new album Proud Father, with a plaintive acoustic guitar over a driving low-end beat providing a bouyant backbone for the song to soar. Alongside frequent collaborator MrCandy, who delivers a soaring guest verse, “Kilimanjaro” is a standout on the new album, which only suffers from being just 24 minutes long. The entire project is worth a listen.

Black Sherif, “Rebel Music”

	Sherif’s aggressive vocal style is on full display on this latest single, with production that feels as big as his ambition and defies any easy categorization. There is something magnetic about Sherif’s confidence on the microphone, not the least because his lyrics center on defiance in the face of adversity and his own sheer force of will — not something to be taken lightly. If his last few singles are any indication, this next album will be an achievement.

	










BNXN & Rema, “Fi Kan We Kan”

	Two of the most distinctive young voices in Nigeria teamed up for this new one, which features BNXN’s signature falsetto floating over the first verse and hook before Rema comes through and delivers a verse so slick that it’s hard to tell if he’s even taking a breath with a confidence that is infectious. The track grows in momentum throughout, with amapiano log drums becoming more pronounced as it goes along — with a cinematic music video that ties it all together.

Stonebwoy feat. Ir Sais, “Memories”

	With an old school R&B feel, Ghana’s Stonebwoy delivers an infectious track that both shows off his vocal prowess and distinctive style, while Ir Sais croons over the hook. It’s a song that feels out of another place and time, but works because there’s nothing out like it right now — and is a great primer for his just-released album UP & RUNNIN6 which he dropped last week.

Ckay feat. The Cavemen., “Addicted”

	Ckay’s emotional vocal stylings take a detour out of his usual minor-keyed environment into the much brighter highlife world of The Cavemen., resulting in a track that feels like watching an intimate performance at a late-night jazz club, something that’s completely different from what the young singer has done in the past. The band’s percussion gives the song a different vibe, while Ckay’s voice fits in effortlessly, for one of the strongest collaborations this year.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.