This year’s Glastonbury festival is behind us, with memories of the epic weekend fading along with its attendees’ sun tan and hangovers.
Over the course of five days, music fans crammed into Worthy Farm to enjoy headline sets from Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA. 
The festival season, however, has only just begun, with several months of summer still ahead of us (sadly we can’t speak to the weather).
From the heavy hitters like Reading and Leeds to heavy metal fest Bloodstock and Kylie Minogue in the park, there’s still plenty of room for music fans to get their fix.
Not into music? Head over to Leicester Square for a bank holiday full of horror films and scare-packed world premieres.
While the likes of Y Not Festival and Fabuloso have come to an end this year, there’s still plenty of tickets for events in the next few weeks.
Here’s Metro UK’s guide to the best festivals still coming up this summer.
Bloodstock Open Air is the UK’s largest independent rock and metal festival, held between 8-11 August at Catton Park, in Derbyshire.
This year’s line-up includes the bands Carcass, Opeth, Rotting Christ and Flogging Molly.
Activities also include a spot of, uh, bin jousting, in which fans are invited to partake in the ritual sport of climbing atop a dustbin and jousting their fellow competitors. 
Are you team Reading or Leeds? Held the same week, the two music festivals boast the same headline acts, giving fans twice the opportunity to watch their favourite acts. 
The annual event will return to Richfield Avenue in Reading on 21-25 August, and Bramaham Park in Leeds from August 22-25.
Acts for both include Lana Del Rey, Blink-182, Liam Gallagher, Skrillex, The Prodigy, and The Wombats.
Located in Portsmouth, this year’s Victorious Festival is set for 23-25 August, set against the Southsea coastline.
Acts spread out across the three-day weekend include Fatboy Slim, Biffy Clyro, Snow Patrol, and The Pigeon Detectives.
More than just music, the festival is also renowned for its comedy tent, which will include performances from former Mock the Week stars Frankie Boyle and Russell Howard.
Braving the British crowds and even more unpredictable weather not your thing? Fans of a scare can head to Leicester Square from 22-26 August for five days of horror – all world or UK premieres, and attended by a who’s who of the modern horror industry.
Previous line-ups have included Korean revenge thriller Oldboy, Sam Raimi’s Drag Me to Hell, and queasy clown sequel Terrifier 2. Founded by horror mavens Paul McEvoy, Ian Rattray and Alan Jones in 2000, the so-called ‘Woodstock of gore’ is the place to be for any self-respecting horror fan.
This year’s festival will take place at the Odeon Luxe in the West End and promises a line-up of over 70 movies.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: I thought Glastonbury was incredible - until I looked up and was disgusted
Arrow
MORE: Glastonbury clean-up begins with police warning for 200,000 revellers trekking home