Dua Lipa has made an announcement about her world tour after headlining Glastonbury Festival just a few days ago.
The singer-songwriter, 28, performed on the Pyramid Stage as part of the five-day festival in Somerset on Friday night. Her set included songs such as Houdini and Illusion, which both feature on her most recent album Radical Optimism.
Following her appearance at the festival last week, headliner Dua announced on Monday that she will be performing at Wembley Stadium in London next year. The concert on June 20, 2025, is expected to be one of the biggest shows of the Brit Award winner's career to date and is understood to mark her first headline stadium concert within the UK.
Wembley Stadium is said to be the largest sports venue in the UK and the second-largest stadium in Europe. According to its website, it boasts a capacity of 90,000 seats. Taylor Swift notably performed at the venue on the Eras Tour, with her due to return in August for an additional five shows.
She said in a statement earlier: "There couldn't be a better time to share this with you all! I am still flying high from the magic of headlining the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury this weekend, and I am absolutely thrilled to announce I'll be playing Wembley Stadium this time next year."
Tickets will go on sale through Live Nation from 10am BST next Friday (July 12). O2 customers can get early access to tickets via the Priority app from 10am BST next Wednesday (July 10), which is 48 hours before the general release.
Ahead of her concert at Wembley Stadium, she will take to the stage at festivals in Europe and North America over the coming months. Dua will then play a sold-out show at the Royal Albert Hall in London in October, before heading to Asia for a series of concerts on her Radical Optimism Tour in November.
Dua's headliner set at Glastonbury is said to have been something she had dreamed about for years, with it having been teased that she 'manifested' it. It also fulfilled a "passion project" for the festival's organiser Emily Eavis, 44. Announcing that she would be headlining on the Friday night, Dua said earlier this year: "I have dreamt of this moment all my life. Something that lived only in my wildest dreams and highest manifestations. I am so excited."
Whilst last week, Emily said that Dua and fellow headliner SZA have helped fulfil a "passion project" for her. Speaking on BBC Radio 6's breakfast show, Emily said: "It's the first year we've got two female headliners, which is something that has been a bit of a passion project for me." Further sharing her thoughts, she added at the time: "That's a big one."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.