Fleetwood Mac star Stevie Nicks paid tribute to the late Christine McVie at British Summer Time (BST) festival by bringing out Harry Styles for a rendition of Landslide.
The American rock star, 76, and Styles, 30, performed the song while pictures of McVie played on the screen behind them, on the day Nicks’ former band member would have turned 81.
Speaking to the crowd about McVie, who died in 2022 at the age of 79, Nicks said: “I asked Harry to do this and it’s always heavy to ask somebody to come and sing a song with you that you’re singing about your best friend that died so suddenly.”
She added: “Today was her birthday so it’s taken me all this time to be able to even try to deal with this situation.
“But one thing that my mum used to say to me when I was little was, when I was hurt, she would go: ‘Stevie when you’re hurt you always run to the stage’, and what’s I’ve been doing ever since Chris passed away, running to the stage, because the only people who have been able to help me get over this has been all of you.”
The pair also treated music fans at Hyde Park to the song Stop Draggin’ My Heart Around, which Nicks originally recorded with Tom Petty, who died in 2017 aged 66.
Earlier in the show Nicks paid tribute to her friend by playing his hit song Free Fallin’ and told the audience that she could feel the presence of the American singer.
“The last time I was here I came on stage with Tom Petty and we did the songs that we always loved to do,” she said.
“And that was the last time that I saw him, so this is a special day for a lot of reasons for me to be back here, because I feel his presence and I know he’s with us.”
As It Was singer Styles had joined Nicks for her encore following a rousing set where she rolled back the years by singing some of Fleetwood Mac’s top hits – including Dreams and Gypsy.
She also performed some of her solo anthems including Edge Of Seventeen and Bella Donna.
It was for this song that she put on her first cape, which she said was the original from the Bella Donna album.
Treating the audience to more shawls, Nicks also changed into a black and gold cape for Stand Back and a glittery-looking cape for Gold Dust Woman.
Nicks, who took to the London stage in a velvet black top and ruffled skirt, is known for her shawls and is often thought of as having a witchy fashion sense.
In a nod to another American rock star, Nicks performed For What It’s Worth, written by Stephen Stills from Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.
Before singing the track, Nicks made a plea for audience members to vote and said “don’t be me” as she admitted she had not voted “until I was like 70”.
Speaking about the track, she said: “So this song was not a political song. You might have thought it was… this song actually was about a party.
“So when I started hearing it again, like, two years ago, I started to go: ‘You know what? I’m going to record this song, and I’m going to do it on stage too.’
“And the reason I’m going to do it is, even though it wasn’t political, I’m gonna tell people that it is now. Thank you Stephen Stills for doing this.
“So it is now and what it stands for, for me, is what I say to everybody in America for the last two years, just, no matter what: just vote.
“That’s all. Doesn’t matter who (for), just use your God-given right to go and vote.”
Before Nicks’ headline set got under way, a slew of support artists including American singer Brandi Carlile, Mercury Prize-nominated Anna Calvi and indie artist Paris Paloma graced the stage.
Carlile, who appeared on stage prior to Nicks wearing a tailored green suit, treated the audience to a cover of Woodstock by Joni Mitchell.
She also performed Queen’s We Are The Champions before declaring “football’s coming home” – in reference to the upcoming Euro final.
Nicks’ headline set comes after two of her shows were postponed earlier in the month following “a recent leg injury”.
The OVO Hydro in Glasgow announced the news in a post to X, formerly Twitter, on July 6 which read: “Due to a recent leg injury requiring a minor surgical procedure that will need a few days of recovery time, Stevie Nicks’ scheduled performances in Glasgow Saturday 6 July and Manchester Tuesday 9 July have been postponed.”
Other musical superstar headliners at BST festival this year have included Canadian singer Shania Twain, R&B artist SZA, and American rock band Kings Of Leon, with Australian pop star Kylie Minogue to perform on Saturday evening.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.