A-list attendees danced the night away in their edgiest looks.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

And just like that, the highly-anticipated 2024 Met Gala is over. This year, fashion's Super Bowl highlighted the Metropolitan Museum Costume Institute's "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" theme, with a "Garden of Time" dress code on the red carpet. As expected, the stylish affair was soon filled with a slew of unforgettable fashion moments, like Zendaya's two-for-two ensemble, Tyla's debut appearance in a (literal) sand gown, and so much more.
After raising funds for the Costume Institute and enjoying a surprise performance by Ariana Grande, all of the attendees flocked from the museum to the afterparties, swapping out their elaborate gowns for arguably their boldest yet. Whether they headed to Usher's "Secret Garden" party, FKA Twigs's Boom Met Gala Party, or Cardi B's Revolve performance, among many other events, one thing was true all night long: The afterparties were where the stars took risks on the fashion front.
Doja Cat changed out of her towel and wet T-shirt to party in a completely sheer naked dress. Lana Del Rey said "Yes to Heaven" in a gauzy, ethereal veil. And Kendall Jenner doubled up on heavenly white outfits, including Givenchy vintage and custom Vivienne Westwood.
While the first Monday of May came and went, take a look back at the best afterparty looks from the 2024 Met Gala ahead.
Wearing Givenchy by Alexander McQueen's 1997 Spring/Summer Haute Couture to the 2024 "AprèsMET" Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing custom Vivienne Westwood to return to her hotel.
Wearing a sequin Balmain midi dress with a side slit while exiting the Carlyle Hotel.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Wearing a sheer dress set with oversize floral embellishments and a white faux fur coat while exiting the Carlyle Hotel.
Wearing a Loewe gown while en route to Loewe's Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Givenchy by Alexander McQueen's Spring /Summer 1998 to the "AprèsMET" 2024 Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing custom Revolve Atelier to the 2024 Revolve x FWRD Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing a two-piece matching set and Louboutin heels on her way to the Met Gala afterparties.
Wearing a rosette-studded corset gown to the Richie Akiva x Ray-Ban's "The After" Met Gala afterparty.
SZA wore a yellow-and-lilac plunging mini dress and Lizzo wore a strapless magenta ensemble to the Richie Akiva x Ray-Ban's "The After" Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Vetement's all-sheer gown to the Richie Akiva x Ray-Ban's "The After" Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing a relaxed dress with a thigh-high slit to attend Usher's "Secret Garden" afterparty.
Wearing Loewe on her way to a Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Miu Miu for an evening at the Met Gala afterparties.
Cabello wore a black corset with matching leather pants and Lil Nas X wore Alexander Wang to The Standard's 2024 Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Marni to Stella McCartney's 2024 Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing a custom "Eusexua" gown to The Standard's 2024 Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Area Spring/Summer 2024 to the Richie Akiva x Ray-Ban's "The After" Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Jean Paul Gaultier Fall/Winter 2023 Haute Couture to the Jean Paul Gaultier x Shayne Oliver by SSENSE launch party.
Wearing Oscar de la Renta to leave her hotel for a Met Gala afterparty.
Wearing Loewe and carrying a Bottega Veneta bag for the Met Gala afterparties.
Born and raised in Memphis, India Roby is a freelance journalist based in New York City. In 2021, India graduated from The New School with a Bachelor’s in Journalism + Design and a minor in Fashion Communication.
India’s work at Marie Claire focuses on celebrity style, shopping, and cultural deep-dives on fashion trends. She also wears many (!) other hats, with her bylines also appearing in Architectural Digest, NYLON, Highsnobiety, Harper’s Bazaar, Teen Vogue, Byrdie, The Zoe Report, Fashionista, and others. You can follow her on Instagram at @indiajde and Twitter (she refuses to call it X) at @india_roby.

It's time for an upgrade.


The 21-year-old Princess of Orange, Catharina-Amalia, has overcome a scary period in her young life.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


She's currently on a break from her beloved sneaker collection.


The fashion cross-over I didn't know I needed.


Even halfway across the country, she's still F1's best-dressed fan.


She's not an F1 WAG, but she sure nailed the aesthetic.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.