The first wave of tickets for Glastonbury 2025 will go on sale this week. The huge five-day music and arts festival is set to return to Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset from June 25 to 29.
Tickets plus coach travel will go on sale at 6pm on Thursday, 14 November, while general admission tickets will go on sale at 9am on Sunday, 17 November.
Whilst no acts have been officially confirmed, possible rumoured artists have included the likes of CMAT, The Libertines and Olivia Rodrigo. Below, we'll take a look at some of those tipped to the potential bill-toppers too.
READ MORE: Glastonbury confirms strict ticket rule as 2025 festival goes on sale this week
While thousands will try their luck at bagging tickets today (Thursday 14 November) and on Sunday (Sunday 17 November), organisers Michael and Emily Eavis have stressed that the ticket process will be different to how it has run in previous years.
Those hoping to get tickets will be placed in online virtual queues - operating in a similar way to how tickets for Oasis’ big reunion tour were first made available.
Everyone who wants a ticket will need to have gone through the registration process, which closed on Monday evening. People who get through to the booking page after waiting in the queue have to enter the registration numbers of everyone they are buying a ticket for.
Those in the virtual queues have also been warned that if they refresh their browsers, this will result in sending them back to the start of the queue. Fans have also been advised against using multiple devices at the same time during the ticket process too as this could result in the loss of access to the ordering system.
In terms of prices, tickets will cost £13.50 more than this year’s event and will be priced at £373.50 each, with an additional booking fee of £5. In the last six years, ticket prices have gone up by £100 since 2019.
No sooner has the curtain dropped on the Pyramid stage this June that rumours begin to swirl around potential names for this the 2025 edition. And Glastonbury boss Emily Eavis confirmed at the the time to Glastonbury Free Press that they were "already in talks" for 2025.
2024 was stacked with some of the biggest stars including bill-toppers Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA. And there's no doubt that landing a spot at the famous festival can be a gamechanger for artists and musicians, with the likes of Ayra Starr, Little Simz, Olivia Rodrigo all rising in profile after appearances.
Green Day were one of the bands tipped to headline, however the band have now been confirmed as one of the headline acts for Download 2025, alongside Sleep Token and KoRn.
Likewise, despite announcing their 2025 reunion for next summer, Oasis have quashed any chances of appearing at Worthy Farm. A statement on their social media channels stated: “Despite media speculation, Oasis will not be playing Glastonbury 2025 or any other festivals next year. The only way to see the band will be on their Oasis Live ’25 World Tour.”
Even though the first headliners don't tend to be announced until Spring time, and the full lineup not until the end of May, we've taken a look at some of the rumoured stars and musicians who might fill headline slot and are the current bookies' favourites.
Now attention turns to 2025 potential headliners. One of the names doing the rounds is Olivia Rodrigo, a rising star with massive Gen Z following.
Rodrigo's pop-punk stage presence and relatable tracks have made her one of the obvious choices for 2025. She recently confirmed a date at London's BST Hyde Park for June 27 and rescheduled dates at Manchester's Co-op Live on June 30 and July - freeing her up for a Saturday or Sunday slot.
Betideas have 5/1 odds for her to appear at Glastonbury, while OLBG puts her as favourite at 1/3.
In the mix for 2025, as he is most years, Harry Styles. Since leaving One Direction in 2016, Styles has gone on to carve out a successful solo career, with three albums and a number of smash-hits to his name.
He's not as high on odds with some, with it sitting at 7/4 with some bookies, but others have him at 4/1. So it really is anyone's guess.
Gearing up to release new music, Newcastle-born musician Fender is also in contention. In October, the star announced a UK and Ireland tour for this December - marking his first tour since Spring 2022.
Sam headlined Reading & Leeds Festival in 2023, and Boardmasters earlier this summer. Next spring, Sam headlines European shows in Paris, Tilburg, Zurich, Cologne, Munich, Bergamo, Berlin, and wrapping up at the Forest National arena in Brussels - finishing up well in time for a potential Glastonbury performance.
He’s currently one of the favourites to headline with odds at 3/1 according to some bookies.
It wouldn't be his first time at Glastonbury, but the superproducer made quite the impression last time. He's at 10/11 with some bookmakers and the London-based DJ certainly has enough hits to make a headline appearance.
This year he headlined Reading & Leeds Festival and he's collaborated with a number of artists, from Skrillex to Sampha so it could make for quite a special set if he were to headline. However, Glastonbury isn't known for having DJs on the main stage so he's more likely to headline the Other Stage.
A headline performance in 2025 would mark 14 years since Ed Sheeran made his debut on Croissant Neuf stage at Glastonbury and headlining the BBC Introducing stage in 2011.
He played the Pyramid stage in 2014 with a set that include 'Lego House' and 'Thinking Out Loud', and returned to headline in 2017 for a Sunday night performance - 90 minutes filled with hits such as 'Galway Girl', 'Castle on the Hill', and 'The A-Team'.
The American musician and child prodigy is one of most influential musical figures of the 20th century with hits like 'Superstition', 'Cherie Amour' and 'You Are the Sunshine of My Life'. There were rumours that talks about a headline slot had fallen through but there's no denying he would make the perfect legend slot, bringing a much needed dose of funk and soul to proceedings.
One of hip-hop's biggest names, hard-hitting bars and unmatched energy would be on the bill if the rapper and songwriter returned to UK festival stages. The success of 'The Death of Slim Shady' could seal the deal too.
Rap headliners are a more recent shake-up to the Glastonbury bill with Jay Z paving the way in 2008. Since then, the likes of Kanye, Kendrick Lamar and Stormzy have headlined the Pyramid stage, so this could be the next step. Odds are currently at 6/4.
Since supporting Taylor Swift on her Eras tour, it seems Sabrina Carpenter's star has risen and risen. Ladbrokes have put her at 6/4 odds and she's currently on her world tour with her reaching the UK for a run of shows in March.
She's had a massive 12 months with a string or hits including Espresso, Please Please Please, Feather and Nonsense, and also landed Grammy nominations so she definitely has the star power and hitlist to take to the Pyramid stage.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.