e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
With Valentine’s Day rapidly approaching, there’s much more to do with your sweetie (or your besties) than the traditional romantic dinner.
Why limit the celebration to conversation over candlelight when you can infuse a symphony of live music, dancing and laughter into your Valentine’s Day experience?
The holiday does fall on a Wednesday, which isn’t exactly the most convenient time to head out for a night of fun. So, we’ve included a few options happening the weekend of Feb. 9-11 and Feb. 16-18 for those wanting to get the party started early or save the love fest for the following weekend.
If you and a loved one are looking to be swept away by the sultry sounds of R&B, then this will be the show for you. Get ready to sing along to the soulful tunes of artists like Summer Walker, SZA, Drake, Usher and more. 9:30 p.m. Saturday, Feb. 10 at The Lash, 117 Winston Street, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $15 at eventbrite.com.
Dance and sing the night away with an evening celebrating the oldies with soul legends Brenton Wood & Barbara Mason, as well as the talents of Aaron Frazer of Durand Jones & The Indications and Joe Bataan. The Lovelites, Garland Green, The Bar-Kays, The Sinseers, Los Yesterdays, The Altons and Joey Quiñones will also perform. 7 p.m. Feb. 10 at Long Beach Arena, 300 E Ocean Blvd., Long Beach. Tickets start at $59 at Ticketmaster.com.
Comedian Gabriel Iglesias is bringing his signature humor to the lovey-dovey holiday, offering a laughter-filled alternative to traditional romantic celebrations. With his show dubbed “Don’t Worry Be Fluffy,” Iglesias is set to ensure both couples and singles alike enjoy the evening. 8 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 14 at Kia Forum, 3900 W. Manchester Blvd., Inglewood. Tickets start at $29.50 at Ticketmaster.com.
The Southern California-born surf rockers are set to host a Valentine’s show that will weave together romantic love ballads, mosh pits and, of course, heartbreak tunes. Fans can expect hits like “Green Eyes,” “Stupid In Love” and “My Head Hurts.” 8 p.m. Feb. 14 at 1720 Venue, 1720 E. 16th Street, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $20 at etix.com.
If you and your significant other aren’t into buying in on the big day, or you’re single as can be, there’s an anti-Valentine’s party that will include live music and specialty cocktails. DJ Richard will be spinning psychobilly and garage rock favorites. 7 p.m. Friday, Feb. 16 at Bricks Maywood, 3626 Fruitland Ave., Maywood. Tickets start at $10 at eventbrite.com.
The production company behind the popular Shrek Rave present Spooky Rave: My Bloody Valentine in Los Angeles. The party promises a chilling blend of horror, gore, love and tears, creating an atmosphere that’s equal parts spooky and lovey.  A handful of DJs will play love songs and everything in between. 9 p.m. Feb. 16 at 1720 Venue, 1720 E. 16th Street, Los Angeles. Tickets start at $12 at etix.com.
Join Magic 92.5/FM and Pacific Concert Group for the annual Valentines Super Love Jam, a night filled with a big dose of sultry R&B. Acts for the event include Keith Sweat, Next, Jon B, Ready for the World, Rose Royce and The Delfonics. 7 p.m. Feb. 16 at Pechanga Arena San Diego, 3500 Sports Arena Blvd., San Diego. Tickets start at $45.50 at AXS.com.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group