Nobody summers quite like Wisconsinites. 
Here are 10 notable festivals to be hosted in communities across the state between the end of May and August, according to Travel Wisconsin. 
Which event is your favorite? Scroll to the bottom of the list for a poll to cast your vote.
Taking place from Friday to June 2, Little Chute's Great Wisconsin Cheese Festival is slated to be held throughout various parts of the community.
The festival features live music, food booths, carnival rides, a parade, athletic events, cheese tastings, a cheese curd eating contest, children's games and more entertainment. 
Wisconsin's largest LGBTQ+ pride festival is scheduled for June 6-8 at 200 N. Harbor Drive in Milwaukee.
The event plans to feature a health and wellness area, various musical acts including David Archuleta, a volleyball tournament and vendor booths.
Wisconsin Rapids' annual Cranberry Blossom Festival is expected to take place June 20-23. The community is in the heart of cranberry country and festival activities will be held around various places in Wisconsin Rapids. 
The festival includes live music, a parade, arts and crafts, a carnival and culinary treats featuring, you guessed it, cranberries.  
Milwaukee's Summerfest bills itself as the world's largest music festival. The festival runs the last two weekends in June and the first weekend in July at Maier Festival Park.
One of the most famous on this list, Milwaukee's Summerfest is expected to be held June 20-22, June 27-29 and July 4-6 at Maier Festival Park in the city's downtown right along Lake Michigan. 
This year, the festival is welcoming roughly 800 acts, including musical talents like Maroon 5, Mötley Crüe, SZA, Keith Urban, Lil Uzi Vert, Tyler Childers and other famous acts. 
The Door County Wine Fest is scheduled this year for June 22 at About Thyme Farm at 8425 County F in Bailey's Harbor.
The event showcases Door County's wines, lets people get unlimited tastings, offers visitors a souvenir tasting glass, features live music and includes cheese samples from Wisconsin cheesemakers and local food vendor booths.
The Blue Ox Music Festival in Eau Claire is expected to be held from June 27-29 this year at 5024 Crescent Ave. 
The event is all about providing an intimate bluegrass and Americana music experience with 35 musical performances spread over the three-day festival on three stages. The festival also offers on-site camping.
Jousting at the Bristol Renaissance Faire. The medieval-themed festival in Kenosha runs for nine weekends starting in July.
Get your medieval garb ready. 
For nine weekends starting in July, including Labor Day Monday, the Bristol Renaissance Faire will be held at 12550 120th Ave. in Kenosha.
Visitors can take a time machine back to Elizabethan England, compete in 16th century games, as well as go on rides, eat food, view and shop for arts and crafts and have one-of-a-kind encounters with a cast of Faire characters.
Members of the Geico Skytypers precision flight team fly over Lake Winnebago as part of the 2018 EAA AirVenture in Oshkosh. This year's festival runs from July 22-28. 
Oshkosh's Experimental Aircraft Association, or EAA, is hosting its AirVenture festival from July 22-28. The festival will be located at 3000 Poberezny Road just outside Oshkosh. 
Attendees are expected to be able to experience air shows, aircraft rides, see the latest aviation technologies, visit the EAA Aviation Museum and take part in athletic events, among many other festivities the yearly event offers.
Taking up Appleton's downtown Aug. 1-4 will be the city's annual Mile of Music festival. 
The event is scheduled to feature 200 musical acts at 40 venues in the city. 
The Wisconsin State Fair in West Allis is scheduled for Aug. 1-11 this year at Wisconsin State Fair Park at 640 South Park St. 
There will be agricultural exhibits, a broad range of musical acts, hundreds of food and beverage options — think deep-fried cheese curds — shopping and rides for those with strong stomachs. 
Pick among 10 notable festivals to be held between the end of May and August.
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Bike rides, ice cream boat floats, dance and more
Middleton Pride will feature live music and performances, local vendors, Drag Queen story times, food, and arts and crafts. 
For days like National Doughnut Day, the number of doughnuts produced can reach 10,000-13,000.
Summerfest on Wednesday announced the rest of the lineup for the three-weekend music festival held in Milwaukee June 19-21, June 26-28, and July 3-5.
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.