The tour announcement comes after the band's release of their first new music in three years
Amyl & The Sniffers have announced a 2024 UK and European tour, set to kick off later this year.
The Australian punks will be kicking off the tour on November 5 at the National Stadium in Dublin. From there, they will be making stops in Glasgow, Newcastle Upon Tyne, Manchester, Birmingham, Bristol and London.
Amy Taylor and co. will then make their way to Brussels, Cologne, Copenhagen, Berlin, Munich, Lausanne, and more before wrapping up the tour on November 29 at Floyd in Athens.
A ticket pre-sale will be available on May 29 at 10am local time for fans who sign up for the bands official mailing list here. General ticket sales will commence on Friday, May 31, at 10am local time. Visit here to purchase tickets in the UK and here for European tickets. Check out a full list of dates below.
Amyl & The Sniffers 2024 Uk and European tour poster. Credit: PRESS
NOVEMBER
5 – National Stadium – Dublin, Ireland
6 – O2 Academy, Glasgow, UK
7 – NX – Newcastle Upon Tyne, UK
9 – Manchester Academy, Manchester, UK
10 – O2 Academy, Birmingham, UK
11 – O2 Academy, Bristol, UK
15 – The Roundhouse, London, UK
17 – Ancienne Belgique, Brussels, Belgium
18 – Tivoli Vredenburg, Utrecht, Netherlands
19 – Carlswerk Victoria, Cologne, Germany
21 – VEGA, Copenhagen, Denmark
22 – Große Freiheit 36, Hamburg, Germany
23 – Columbiahalle, Berlin, Germany
25 – Tonhalle. Munich, Germany
26 – Les Docks, Lausanne, Switzerland
27 – Olympia, Paris, France
29 – Floyd, Athens, Greece
Elsewhere, the band released their latest single ‘U Should Not Be Doing That’, along with a B-side called ‘Fact’s’. The new songs marked their first new music in three years, since they dropped their second album ‘Comfort To Me‘ in 2021.
NME last spoke to Amyl & The Sniffers back in 2021, where Taylor spoke about how ‘Comfort To Me’ addressed the political environment Australians were facing in the summer of 2019.
“‘Capital’ is about how many people are left on the outskirts of society without any help – especially none from fucking Scott Morrison, the absolute tosser,” Taylor told NME. “We’re all getting taxed to buggery and getting nothing in return. In bushfire season he gave nobody a helping hand.
“I’m not that well educated about politics, but during bushfire season all of the Indigenous people had advanced backburning set-ups and the government just ignored that. Also, Indigenous incarceration rates are off the fucking Richter scale.”
In a four-star review of ‘Comfort To Me‘, NME shared: “When the band rally against being pigeonholed on ‘Don’t Fence Me In’, it feels like they’ve finally escaped this fate – sure, they can still pull a decent pint of pub rock, but ‘Comfort To Me’ serves as proof that there’s far more to them than just that.”
In other news, Amyl & The Sniffers have been announced for a stacked Primavera Festival lineup this year alongside Lana Del Rey, Pulp, The National, FKA Twigs, SZA, Disclosure and more.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.