The California rapper was signed to the label for seven years. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

REASON has officially closed the Top Dawg Entertainment chapter of his career, as he makes the official announcement that he and the label have parted ways. On Tuesday afternoon (June 18), the Carson, Ca., rapper posted a statement to his Instagram detailing his appreciation for the last few years. 

	The caption expressed his gratitude for the law firm that helped him sort out the legalities of the situation, reading, “Thank you for the time love and support and a huge appreciation to @lktlawfirm for helping me through this process! Love!”

	










	“It comes with great appreciation and excitement that I want to announce my split with TDE,” the 33-year-old spitter wrote in the letter. “I want to give a huge thank you to Top himself, not only for giving me a chance to live out my dream but also for hearing me and understanding my decision to travel a different path after the years. There’s truly no words for the amount of respect I have for you, and that’ll never change, no matter what.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Doechii Reveals She's Had Suicidal Thoughts And Shares How She Overcame Them		
			






A post shared by REASON (@reasonofficial)

	He continued, “I also want to thank every single TDE fan who embraced me and allowed me to share my music with them. There’s no world in which you don’t mean the absolute most to me. Last but not least, a thank you to all the artists who embraced me. Thank you for being a constant inspiration and ear while trying to navigate this industry and music. Thank you guys for the time and a huge thanks to everybody for this experience. Excited for what comes next!”

	REASON was signed to the California-based label back in 2018 and was featured Black Panther: The Album, the official soundtrack for the Marvel film that TDE executive produced. He has since released two full-length LPs, New Beginnings in 2020 and Porches in 2023. 

	The current roster at TDE inlcludes SZA, ScHoolboy Q, Jay Rock, Ab-Soul, Isaiah Rashad, SiR, Zacari, Doechii, and Lance Skiiwalker. Anthony “Top Dawg” Tiffith is the chief executive officer while Anthony “Moosa” Tiffith Jr. and Terrence “Punch” Henderson are the presidents of the label. 

	Although there were many positives associated with REASON’s time at TDE, some fans may not find the split to be that surprising. During an interview this past March, he called his label situation “delicate.” 

	










	“I’m still signed to the label,” he said. “I just think shit just ‘delicate.’ Like, I don’t really know what the f**k it is, right. To me, it’s just all weird. I don’t really know what the situation is. I’m still signed to the label right now. That’s not a knock on none of the other artists. Like, I don’t know exactly what it really is… I’m just in a space where I’m just focused on whoever f**k with me, f**k with me. And the people that, not saying they don’t, but if they don’t, if they’re one of the people that don’t, then f**k’em.”

	Prior to that, during an appearance on the Back on Figg podcast in August 2023, he shared that things weren’t the best between him and the label in terms of support. “We had certain features lined up that could’ve went through,” he said. “On my end, the rollout and excitement right now is kind of the thing that’s missing.” 

	Revisit REASON’s Porches album below and read his statement above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.