Styling these closet must-haves is a (literal) snap. 
For many stars and stylists, bodysuits are a wardrobe workhouse, pairing seamlessly with everything from sweats to trousers (or, if you take a page from Kendall Jenner’s book, no pants at all).
But with options ranging from comfy cotton to shaping styles, not every design on the market is created equal. So if you’re hoping to stock up on fresh fashion for spring, why not look to the snatched styles stars are snatching up on the regular?
Below, shop a handful of celeb-approved brands offering the best bodysuits out there.
In the years since its 1950 launch, Wolford’s worked with some of the most major names in fashion — and appeared on a who’s who list of Hollywood stars in the process. And while the brand might be best known for its stylist-approved tights, its bodysuits are equally classic.
While the label’s offerings span super soft knits to lace, stars are particularly obsessed with its solid color Colorado Bodysuit ($295). Selena Gomez, Emily Blunt, Jennifer Lopez and Emily Ratajkowski (to name just a few) all own one.
Kim Kardashian’s no stranger to breaking the internet — and neither are her products. While the reality star-turned-shapewear mogul’s branched beyond into loungewear, swimwear and bras since Skims’ 2019 launch, bodysuits remain among the brand’s most consistently viral products.
Page Six Style’s put several to the test over the years, including the Mid Thigh Seamless Sculpt Bodysuit ($74). Editor Elana Fishman raved, “Several coworkers told me I looked positively snatched, but I didn’t feel strangled or suffocated — just supported.”
LA-based label Naked Wardrobe is a Hollywood hit, with stars like Ashley Graham, Jennifer Lopez, Brittany Mahomes and practically every Kardashian-Jenner sister stepping out in its sculpting styles over the years.
Kim’s not the only Kardashian sister making waves in the shapewear space. While Khloé Kardashian’s Good American brand launched with just jeans, it’s since stretched into more ready-to-wear items, including a range of bodysuits that style seamlessly from day to night. (Just ask famous fans like Kelly Clarkson and Alicia Keys.)
If you’re looking for something a bit bolder, luxury lingerie label Fleur du Mal is sure to have something that suits. Its lace-trimmed underpinnings have popped up everywhere from fashion show front rows to the latest season of “Real Housewives of New York.”
Who said cashmere’s just for bulky knits? Naked Cashmere uses the luxe fabric for an extra-cozy take on bodysuits and bras, earning it celebrity fans like Nicole Kidman and Olivia Culpo.
If splurging doesn’t scare you, Alaïa’s timeless designs count everyone from Taylor Swift to Victoria Beckham as devotees.