Saturday, May 3, 2025
Governors Ball, often called Gov Ball, will take place Friday June 6 to Sunday June 9 in Queens at Flushing Meadows Corona Park. The three-day extravaganza features Post Malone, The Killers, 21 Savage, SZA, Carly Rae Jepsen, Reneé Rapp, Sexyy Red, and many more artists. Tickets can still be bought at governorsballmusicfestival.com.
This year will be the second year that Governors Ball will take place at Flushing Meadows Corona Park. This will be the fourth Governors Ball in Queens, as the 2021 and 2022 festivals took place a short walk away, at Citifield. Citi Field-Mets Willets Point is still the closest subway stop to the festival, with easy access to the 7 train. This year will be the 13th Governors Ball.
The food and beverage vendors at Governors Ball are always top-notch, and this year will be no different. Festival-goers can look forward to these vendors: Big Mozz, Dank Nugs, Destination Dumplings, Pizza Nova, Roberta’s Pizza, Takumi Taco, Thai Jasmine, and No Good Burger (among many others).
There will be plenty of lawn space to enjoy the food and many trees to provide shade. There will also be various free water stations all over Governors Ball. Like usual, Governors Ball will have many activations including: Verizon Deck, Bud Light Backyard, Stella Social, Coke Studio, Chateau Ste. Michelle Wine Experience, Mercado Espolon Tequila, House of Dunkin’, The Rakuten R-cade, Impress Salon, Next Stop: Underground with Tito’s, Forever 21 Style Stop, NBA Finals Celebration, Aperol Spritz Piazza, Liquid I.V. Hydration Haven, Sharpie Creation Station, M&M’s Sweet Tour, About-Face Beauty Kit, Hennessy High Line, Red Bull Unforseen: The Wherehouse, American Apparel Tee Lab, Aviator Nation, Quay on Tour, Jack Daniel’s Chill Zone, Lady Liberty, The Unisphere, and the Gov Ball sign.
Come back next week to check out the Queens Gazette’s review and photo coverage.
Loading Comments 

Our Hometown
DMCA NoticesNewspaper website content management software and services