“We’re helping to not only preserve the planet but also the future of live entertainment”
AEG Europe has announced its most sustainable festival season to date, with several new eco-friendly initiatives to minimise the environmental impact of its BST Hyde Park shows.
The entertainment agency is working towards a net zero strategy, hosting the world’s first carbon-removed arena events at The O2 in London in February during The 1975’s residency, and is continuing to reduce emissions as well as becoming more eco-conscious in other ways.
Per a press release, AEG Europe is working with A Greener Feature to measure the environmental impact of each meal served at BST Hyde Park this summer, while hoping to send zero waste to landfill throughout the shows. There will be biodiesel generators and batteries too, following on from the new battery system trialled last year.
In partnership with Keep Britain Tidy, the entertainment agency has shared a new waste reduction initiative with portable ashtrays and an e-cigarette collect-and-recycle scheme. Meanwhile, the sustainability platform Lowr has created a platform through which concertgoers can log their journey to the event to help organisers understand the environmental impact of travel to the festival.
“Over the course of 10 shows across three weekends, we will have the opportunity to engage with hundreds of thousands of fans,” said AEG Europe’s Director of Sustainability, Sam Booth. “We are acutely aware of our position and believe we have a responsibility to influence fan behaviour and drive sustainable change and in doing so, we’re helping to not only preserve the planet but also the future of live entertainment.”
BST Hyde Park kicks off tomorrow (June 28) with the All Things Orchestral concert. Also headlining this summer are SZA (June 29), Kings Of Leon (June 30), Morgan Wallen (July 4) Andrea Bocelli (July 5), Robbie Williams (July 6), Shania Twain (July 7), Stevie Nicks (July 12), Kylie Minogue (July 13) and Stray Kids (July 14).
Meanwhile, earlier this month, AEG Europe secured planning permission for a new 8,500-capacity arena in Edinburgh, in a bid to inject around £83 million per year back into the local economy.
You can get tickets to BST Hyde Park here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.