Sir Rod Stewart will play the Glastonbury legends slot in 2025, it has been announced.


  Glastonbury festival organiser Emily Eavis said in a post on Instagram: “Bringing Sir Rod Stewart back for the Sunday afternoon slot on the Pyramid stage is everything we could wish for.


  “What a way to bow out with the final legends slot before we take a fallow year. We cannot wait.”


  Sir Rod headlined Glastonbury in 2002, performing on Sunday night to close out the festival.


  This year Canadian singer Shania Twain, known for hits including Man! I Feel Like A Woman! and That Don’t Impress Me Much, starred in the coveted Sunday afternoon legends slot.


  Fellow major artists including Yusuf/Cat Stevens, Diana Ross, Kylie Minogue and Dame Shirley Bassey have all filled the prestigious position.


  Dua Lipa, rock band Coldplay and American singer Sya all headlined the Pyramid Stage this year.


  Sir Rod is the first musical act announced for next year’s festival.


Stewart will play the Legends stage (Image: Press Association Images/Press Association Images) Last week, Sir Rod announced he is to end “large-scale world tours” but brushed off retirement plans.


  The musician, who turns 80 in January, wrote in an Instagram post: “This will be the end of large-scale world tours for me, but I have no desire to retire”.


  “I love what I do, and I do what I love. I’m fit, have a full head of hair, and can run 100 metres in 18 seconds at the jolly old age of 79.”


READ MORE:


  “I’d like to move onto a Great American Songbook, Swing Fever tour the year after next – smaller venues and more intimacy. But then again, I may not…”


  The post was signed “The Ambiguous Sir Rod Stewart”.


  The biggest tracks from his six-decade career include You’re In My Heart, Hot Legs, Tonight’s The Night and Maggie May.


  Sir Rod is a member of the US Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and was knighted in the 2016 Queen’s Birthday Honours list.


  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.