By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:52, 3 March 2024   |  Updated:  21:52, 3 March 2024   
 372
View  comments
Raye had the night of her life after her record-breaking wins at the BRIT Awards on Saturday and continued to beam with happiness as she led the glamorous stars heading home for the evening from a slew of glitzy afterparties.
The singer-songwriter, 26, looked on cloud nine as she left her own RAYE x BRIT Awards bash held at Decimo at The Standard.
After a long night of celebrating her incredible number wins at London's O2 arena, she took the first opportunity to swap her £1,150 Fendi heels for a pair of comfy white slippers.
Surrounded by her group of pals, Raye giggled as she clutched a bottle of Disaronno in her hand.
The woman of the hour looked nothing short of sensational in a bold red gown, covered from head to toe in sequins.
Raye had the night of her life after her record-breaking wins at the BRIT Awards on Saturday and continued to beam with happiness as she led the glamorous stars heading home for the evening from a slew of glitzy afterparties
The singer-songwriter, 26, looked on cloud nine as she left her own RAYE x BRIT Awards bash held at Decimo at The Standard
After a long night of celebrating her incredible number wins at London's O2 arena, she took the first opportunity to swap her heels for a pair of comfy white slippers
The dazzling number boasted a halterneck design that tied into a bow at her neck and a side slit to show a glimpse of her toned legs.
Raye's raven hair was swept up in an elegant updo and her winged eyeliner and bronzed makeup was still looking flawless.
She climbed into the back of her waiting car and was still buzzing with energy from her incredible night as she was whisked away. 
Elsewhere, Ellie Goulding also called it a night after partying away at the Sony Music bash, following her incredible performance at the BRITs.
The singer, 37, announced last week her four-year marriage to Caspar Jopling had ended, but did not let it stop her from letting her hair down.
She looked incredible in a black maxi skirt encrusted in sequins, teamed with a matching bandeau to show off her toned midriff.
While Maya Jama looked in high spirits on the way out of the Warner Music & Ciroc Vodka's after party at the NoMad.
The TV presenter, 29, put on a very daring display in a semi-sheer black lace dress, that showed a glimpse of her underwear.
The sparkly number also featured racy side cutouts and was completely backless, while boasting a plunging neckline to showcase her ample cleavage. 
She held tightly onto AJ Odudu's hand as they walked down the street, who dazzled in a similar black sequinned gown.
Her halterneck dress featured a similar silhouette to showcase her sensational figure, with a cutout across her chest to show off her assets.
Jess Glynne and girlfriend Alex Scott looked utterly besotted as they departed Raye's afterparty together.
Surrounded by her group of pals, Raye giggled as she clutched a bottle of Disaronno in her hand
The woman of the hour looked nothing short of sensational in a bold red gown, covered from head to toe in sequins
The dazzling number boasted a halterneck design that tied into a bow at her neck and a side slit to show a glimpse of her toned legs
Raye's raven hair was swept up in an elegant updo and her winged eyeliner and bronzed makeup was still looking flawless
She climbed into the back of her waiting car and was still buzzing with energy from her incredible night as she was whisked away
Elsewhere, Ellie Goulding also called it a night after partying away at the Sony Music bash, following her incredible performance at the BRITs
The singer, 37, announced last week her four-year marriage to Caspar Jopling had ended, but did not let it stop her from letting her hair down
She looked incredible in a black maxi skirt encrusted in sequins, teamed with a matching bandeau to show off her toned midriff
Ellie draped a black satin wrap off her shoulders and completed her evening look with a long pair of coordinated gloves
While Maya Jama looked in high spirits on the way out of the Warner Music & Ciroc Vodka's after party at the NoMad
The TV presenter, 29, put on a very daring display in a semi-sheer black lace dress, that showed a glimpse of her underwear
The sparkly number also featured racy side cutouts and was completely backless, while boasting a plunging neckline to showcase her ample cleavage
She held tightly onto AJ Odudu's hand as they walked down the street, who dazzled in a similar black sequinned gown
Her halterneck dress featured a similar silhouette to showcase her sensational figure, with a cutout across her chest to show off her assets
SONG OF THE YEAR - RAYE ft 070 Shake - Escapism
ARTIST OF THE YEAR - RAYE 
ALBUM OF THE YEAR - RAYE, My 21st Century Blues 
GROUP OF THE YEAR - Jungle 
GLOBAL ICON - Kylie Minogue 
DANCE ACT - Calvin Harris 
ALTERNATIVE ROCK - Bring Me The Horizon 
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT - Casisdead
 INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR - Boygenius
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR - Miley Cyrus - Flowers 
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST - SZA 
POP ACT - Dua Lipa 
BEST NEW ARTIST - RAYE 
BRIT RISING STAR - The Last Dinner Party 
R&B ACT - RAYE 
The singer, 34, and the former footballer, 39, cosied up together and walked hand-in-hand after partying at the star-studded bash.
Jess showed off her long legs in a pair of tiny black hotpants and towering thigh-high platform heeled boots. 
She added a black tuxedo style blazer over the top made of a see-through lace that left little to the imagination.
Alex put on a similar leggy display in her own pair of black hotpants, and copied her girlfriend with a matching pair of black over-the-knee leather boots.
She added a white shirt, left completely unbuttoned to show off plenty of skin, but layered over a pinstripe blazer to preserve her modesty.
Dua Lipa also looked loved-up as she celebrated her BRIT Award win with her boyfriend Callum Turner at Warner Music and Ciroc Vodka bash.
The singer, 28, who bagged the Best Pop Act gong and performed on stage, looked nothing short of incredible in a sexy red lingerie inspired ensemble. 
She donned a boned basque and tiny mini skirt which hugged her curves and showed off her legs.
Jess Glynne and girlfriend Alex Scott looked utterly besotted as they departed Raye's afterparty together
The singer, 34, and the former footballer, 39, cosied up together and walked hand-in-hand after partying at the star-studded bash
Jess showed off her long legs in a pair of tiny hotpants and towering thigh-high platform boots while Alex copied her in a matching pair of black hotpants and over-the-knee boots
She added a black tuxedo style blazer over the top made of a see-through lace that left little to the imagination
Alex wore a white shirt, left completely unbuttoned to show off plenty of skin, but layered over a pinstripe blazer to preserve her modest
She layered the look with an oversized leather biker jacket and added a pair of red pointed stilettos and a slew of silver necklaces.
Dua looked smitten as she climbed into the back of her waiting car with Callum, the couple giggling together.
The actor looked stylish in an all-black understated ensemble, with a satin bomber jacket, as he cosied up to his pop star girlfriend, who put a tender hand on his leg.
Laura Whitmore put on a quirky display in a red outfit that showed off her toned legs as she attended the Warner Music party.
She donned a red crop top and a coordinating miniskirt, adorned with a large three-dimensional rose.
The presenter draped a matching jacket over her shoulders with another huge flower pinned to the front.
Jack Whitehall and Roxy Horner also attended the bash, partying the night away after becoming first time parents in September.
Roxy cut a sexy figure in a cherry red leather midi dress that featured 3D hearts stitched onto the front. 
Dua Lipa also looked loved-up as she celebrated her BRIT Award win with her boyfriend Callum Turner at Warner Music and Ciroc Vodka bash
The singer, 28, who bagged the Best Pop Act gong and performed on stage, looked nothing short of incredible in a sexy red lingerie inspired ensemble 
She donned a boned basque and tiny mini skirt which hugged her curves and showed off her legs
She layered the look with an oversized leather biker jacket and added a pair of red pointed stilettos and a slew of silver necklaces
Dua looked smitten as she climbed into the back of her waiting car with Callum, the couple giggling together
The actor looked stylish in an all-black understated ensemble, with a satin bomber jacket, as he cosied up to his pop star girlfriend
While Jack held her hand while looking dapper in a grey double-breasted blazer, black trousers and a turtle neck jumper. 
The couple didn't attend the BRITs themselves, heading straight to the star-studded afterparty instead. 
The Warner Music bash saw Billie Piper dancing up a storm underneath an 8ft tall inflatable monster, singing all the words to the spectacular set by Gabriels' Jacob Lusk.
The singer put on a show-stopping performance of disco classics, including covers of Tina Turner and Sylvester, while wearing a handmade dramatic cape.
Chloe Caillet also played an incredible set, accompanied by a dancing lobster created by contemporary artist Phillip Colbert.
The British artist was also seen is discussing with Green Day, who earlier presented the award for best British group at the ceremony.
Icon Kylie Minogue snuck into the bash from a side door and celebrated by swigging her own Prosecco.
Harry Clark pulled out all the stops for his first ever BRITs, joining Isla Fisher, Nick Grimshaw, Annie Mac, Phillip and Charlotte Colbert, Shanina Shaik and Chris Jenks in leaving the awards in a James Bond style speedboat.
Laura Whitmore put on a quirky display in a red outfit that showed off her toned legs as she attended the Warner Music party
She donned a red crop top and a coordinating miniskirt, adorned with a large three-dimensional rose
Jack Whitehall and Roxy Horner also attended the bash, partying the night away after becoming first time parents in September
While Charli XCX was not ready to let the celebrations end, and stayed true to her hit song After The Afterparty, by hosting another bash in her luxury suite.
Joined by her fiancé and The 1975 drummer George Daniel, the party was filled with famous faces, who then continued with multiple suite parties into the early hours.
Ashley Roberts looked a little bleary-eyed as she left The Standard, braving the cold in a tiny red minidress.
Her eye-catching outfit featured several poppies on the hem and another at her neck, for added glamour.
Olivia Attwood also looked rather worse for wear leaving one afterparty while carrying her slingback brown heels.
The Loose Women panelist, was spotted exiting the star-studded event barefoot as she stepped out in her white lace tights alongside Love Island pal Chloe Burrows.
The Love Island star covered her revealing see-through white lace catsuit up with an oversized cream blazer. Olivia was spotted on her phone as she headed to a waiting car while reality star Chloe followed behind carrying a Barbie doll . Kate Ferdinand and husband Rio Ferdinand also looked exhausted as they headed home, both clutching bottles of water to keep hydrated.
Ashley Roberts looked a little bleary-eyed as she left The Standard, braving the cold in a tiny red minidress
Her eye-catching outfit featured several poppies on the hem and another at her neck, for added glamour
Love Island winner Molly Smith narrowly avoided a wardrobe malfunction on her way out of the party, as she clutched her bejewelled bralette to her chest.
While TOWIE's Amber Turner put on a very revealing display in a sheer sparkly gown that showed off her black underwear set underneath.
Raye broke records at Saturday night's BRIT Awards, winning six gongs during the star-studded ceremony.
She scooped the first gong presented on the night, Song of the Year for her hit Escapism ft 070 Shake, shortly before also taking home the R&B Act gong and Best New Artist.
She was in floods of tears as she later accepted Album Of The Year, Artist Of The Year and Songwriter of the Year, bringing her beloved grandmother on stage at one point.
The star now holds the record for the most BRITs won at a single ceremony, a record which previously stood at four, jointly held by Blur (1995), Adele (2016) and Harry Styles (2023). 
She had been nominated seven times – the most ever for a single artist in a year – but couldn’t possibly have won more than she did as she was shortlisted twice for song of the year – for Escapism, which won the title, and for Prada. 
As well as Raye’s huge successes, Dua Lipa won best pop act while Kylie Minogue – who had a massive comeback hit last year with Padam Padam – picked up the global icon award. The night was dominated by female winners, who won gongs in all but four categories.
Olivia Attwood also looked rather worse for wear leaving one afterparty while carrying her slingback brown heels 
The Loose Women panelis, was spotted exiting the star-studded event barefoot as she stepped out in her white lace tights alongside Love Island pal Chloe Burrows 
The Love Island star covered her revealing see-through white lace catsuit up with an oversized cream blazer 
Unable to bear her heels any longer, she braced herself on her friend as she slipped off her shoes while waiting for a car home with Chloe
Olivia was spotted on her phone as she headed to a waiting car while reality star Chloe followed behind carrying a Barbie doll 
Kate Ferdinand and husband Rio Ferdinand also looked exhausted as they headed home, both clutching bottles of water to keep hydrated
Love Island winner Molly Smith narrowly avoided a wardrobe malfunction on her way out of the party, as she clutched her bejewelled bralette to her chest
While TOWIE's Amber Turner put on a very revealing display in a sheer sparkly gown that showed off her black underwear set underneath
Dua Lipa picked up the fan-voted Pop Act gong, gushing to her fans: 'I guess for more reasons than one my fans are the reasons why I'm standing here today, so I wanna say a massive thank you to each and every single one of you who have voted for me.' 
A record 98 artists were up for the new 2024 BRIT award, which has been designed by British visual artist and painter Rachel Jones.
The only men to get accolades were Calvin Harris for dance act; Sheffield quartet Bring Me The Horizon in the alternative/rock category; Casisdead for best hip-hop, grime or rap act; and duo Jungle for group of the year. 
Miley Cyrus was a notable absentee on the night, sending her thanks for her International Song win for her smash hit Flowers in a video message.
'Hello to everybody at the Brits. I wanted to say thank you so much for voting Flowers as the international song of the year, and a special thank you for giving me somewhere to wear this dress, she said, showing off her minuscule gold number.
'It's incredible to win but the real prize is having this incredible song hit around the world. I know this video is a little short but I just wanted it to match my dress.' 
Dua Lipa and Ellie Goulding pulled out all the stops as they led the performances. 
Double nominee Dua, 28, opened the ceremony with her new song Training Season from her upcoming her third studio album. 
The songstress looked incredible in an all leather look while Ellie, 37, stormed the stage just a week after announcing the end of her marriage. 
The evening ended with Dua Lipa presenting Kylie with the Global Icon Award, leading into the Aussie popstar's finale performance.
'Alright I’m just gonna be sobbing with Raye, you did that!' an emotional Kylie said as she took to the stage.
'You did that. Brits, thank you so much. I really tried to think hard about what to say tonight but I knew I couldn’t plan anything and I knew it’d be just about the emotion.'
'For some of you it’s been a lifetime – 36 years and counting of experiences together and the thing that really gets me is the love of music and connection with people … I have friends in this room that I’ve worked with through the years.'
The pop superstar then took to the stage for a medley of her greatest hits including her recent chart smash Padam Padam, Can’t Get You Out Of My Head, Slow and Love At First Sight.
SONG OF THE YEAR 
Calvin Harris - Miracle
Casso x RAYE - Prada
Central Cee - Let Go
Dave - Sprinter
Dua Lipa - Dance the Night
Ed Sheeran - Eyes Closed
J Hus - Who Told You
Kenya Grace - Strangers
Lewis Capaldi - Wish You The Best
Pink Pantheress - Boy's a Liar
RAYE - Escapism - WINNER
Rudimental - Dancing is Healing
Stormzy - Firebae
Switch Disco - React
Venebee - Messy in Heaven
BEST NEW ARTIST 
Mahalia
Olivia Dean
Pinkpantheress
RAYE - WINNER
Yuseff Dayes
ARTIST OF THE YEAR  
Arlo Parks
Central Cee
Dave
Dua Lipa
Fred Again... 
J Hus
Jessie Ware
Little Simz
Olivia Dean
RAYE  - WINNER
GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blur
Chase & Status
Headie One and K-Trap
Jungle - WINNER
Young Fathers
INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR  
Blink 182
Boygenius - WINNER
Foo fighters
Gabriels
Paramore
DANCE ACT  
Barry Can't Swim
Becky Hill
Calvin Harris - WINNER
Fred Again... 
Romy R&B ACT 
Cleo Sol
Jorja smith
Mahalia
RAYE - WINNER
Sault
ALTERNATIVE ROCK  
Blur
Bring Me The Horizon - WINNER
The Rolling Stones
Young Fathers
Yusseff Dayes
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT
Casisdead - WINNER
Central Cee
Dave
J Hus
Little Simz
POP ACT  
Calvin Harris 
Charli XCX
Dua Lipa - WINNER
Olivia Dean
RAYE
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST  
Asake
Burna Boy
Caroline Polachek
CMAT
Kylie Minogue
Lana del Rey
Miley Cyrus
Olivia Rodrigo
SZA - WINNER
Taylor Swift
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR  
Billie Eilish - What Was I Made For
David Kushner - Daylight
Doja Cat - Paint The Town Red
Jazzy - Giving Me
Libianca - People 
Meghan Trainer - Made You Look
Miley Cyrus - Flowers  - WINNER
Noah Kahan - Stick Season
Oliver Tree - Miss you
Olivia Rodrigo - Vampire
Peggy Gou – It Goes Like
Rema - Calm Down 
SZA - Kill Bill
Tate McRae - Greedy -
Tyla - Water
ALBUM OF THE YEAR  
Blur - the Ballad of Darren
J Hus - Beautiful
Little Simz - No Thank You
RAYE - My 21st Century Blues - WINNER
Young Fathers - Heavy Heavy
BRIT RISING STAR  
Caity Baser 
Sekou Island 
The Last Dinner Party - WINNER 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group