Glastonbury ticket buying is a bloodbath, with coach tickets for 2025’s festival selling out in half an hour when the first sale opened on Thursday.
Today general admission tickets opened and the new queue system proved carnage as a glitch left fans stuck on ‘two bars’ for loading.
Within half an hour though the mass of tickets had sold out with lucky fans celebrating online — and the less fortunate left devastated.
The legendary music festival played host to Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA in the summer, with all eyes on organisers to put on another impressive show.
Those attempting to get tickets at 9am today have no idea who the headliners for 2025 will be, with names like Olivia Rodrigo, Green Day, and Sam Fender in the mix.
On Thursday, thousands flocked to the website in hopes of landing a coveted ticket, with the sale starting at 6pm and selling out by 6.32pm.
The official Glastonbury X account confirmed: ‘Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now Sold Out. Thanks to everyone who bought one and sorry to those who missed out, on a morning when demand was much higher than supply.
‘There will be a resale of any cancelled or returned tickets in spring 2025.’
Seller See Tickets posted a second confirmation shortly after, with any hopes for those stuck on the two green bar loading screen dashed.
‘I never got past 2 bars,’ wrote Steve on X, venting a problem that appeared to be fairly widespread.
‘Well that was depressing. Didn’t even more off 2 green bars,’ said Eddie as Raijini wrote: ’39 minutes. Two bars. No ticket :) #Glastonbury. One day I’ll get back to Worthy Farm….!!’
‘FUMING ACTUALLY. Wtf was that #glastonbury,’ lamented Laura, while Katy shared she was booted out the queue despite the bars loading.
She said: ‘I’ve never been too mad or upset about not getting Glastonbury tickets until now bc I literally GOT THROUGH THE QUEUE only to be rejected ughHhHhH I can’t believe it.’
There will be one more chance to secure tickets early next year when the resale opens, however, far fewer tickets will be up for grabs.
When purchasing, fans need to have all their payment details ready to go and put down a deposit of £75 per person, with the rest of the £373.50 paid at a later date.
People could book up to six tickets per transaction but every person over the age of 13 must hold their won individual registration number and postcode.
This year, Glastonbury organisers announced a big change to the way their ticket system works in hopes of making things easier.
Rather than desperately refreshing the page trying to get through, fans found themselves in a familiar queue, having been randomly assigned a position.
It seems this queue system has not proven popular with fans — maybe frantic refreshing will be brought back after the fallow year.
To the lucky ones who managed to grab a ticket to Worthy Farm, hopefully, the headliners will be worth it!
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Spider smuggler arrested after police found 300 tarantulas strapped to his body
Arrow
MORE: Full list of areas sharing £1,000,000,000 funding for London-style buses
Arrow
MORE: After Jake Paul vs Mike Tyson, Arlington arena to host another damp squib when Dallas Cowboys return to NFL action