Jersey Evening Post

					Jersey Evening Post				
Female musicians are hoping to dominate the biggest night in music after dominating the 2024 Grammy nominations.
Comedian Trevor Noah will return to present the 66th annual ceremony on Sunday February 4 at the Crypto.com arena in Los Angeles, his fourth consecutive year of hosting duties.
US musician SZA, real name Solana Rowe, leads the pack with nine nominations including for record of the year, song of the year and best R&B performance for Kill Bill – her revenge anthem cloaked in an R&B ballad.
SZA leads the pack with nine Grammy nominations (Ian West/PA)

Phoebe Bridgers will enter the ceremony as the second-most nominated artist with seven nods, six with her band Boygenius who are up for album of the year with The Record and record of the year for Not Strong Enough.
Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo and Miley Cyrus follow with six nominations apiece – facing off in the song of the year and record of the year categories for tracks Anti-Hero, What Was I Made For?, Vampire and Flowers respectively.
It comes after a report from the UK government’s Women and Equalities Committee this week which warned that misogyny and discrimination is an “endemic” in the music industry.
Jon Batiste, who also scored six Grammy nods, is the only male up for record of the year for track Worship, song of the year for Butterfly and album of the year with World Music Radio – having dominated the 2022 ceremony winning five awards.
Jon Batiste scored six Grammy nods (Chris Pizzello/AP/PA)

Other nominees include British star Ed Sheeran, who appears in the best pop vocal album category for Subtract, and The Rolling Stones, who are nominated for best rock song for Angry following the release of new album Hackney Diamonds – their first collection of original songs for 18 years.
Australian singer Kylie Minogue, who last appeared as a nominee during the 2009 ceremony, features in the best pop dance recording category for summer smash hit Padam Padam.
The ceremony will see performances from nominees including SZA, Eilish, Rodrigo and Dua Lipa – whose Barbie track Dance The Night is nominated for song of the year.
The 2024 Grammy Awards ceremony will air on Sunday February 4 live on CBS and Paramount+ from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Read the Homelife, Le Rocher and a whole host of other subjects like ranging from cycling to travel.
news@jerseyeveningpost.com