By RUTH FRANCIS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  21:44, 28 July 2024   |  Updated:  08:24, 29 July 2024   
 60
View  comments
Sophie Ellis-Bextor and Paloma Faith put on high-energy performances as they took to the stage at Camp Bestival to belt out their legendary hits on Sunday.
Sophie, 45, looked every inch the superstar as she sparkled in a metallic bodysuit that showcased her toned legs.
She added height to her frame in some silver glittery shoes which featured a double buckle on the side.
Sophie - who recently admitted Strictly was so 'uncomfortable' for her husband he needed counselling - added to the glamour with an eye-catching orange cape that billowed out behind her as she bounded along the stage.
Adding yet more colour to her look, the mother-of-five completed the ensemble with vibrant silver eyeshadow and a slick of pink lipstick. 
Sophie Ellis-Bextor and Paloma Faith put on a high-energy performances as they took to the stage at Camp Bestival to belt out their legendary hits
Paloma Faith, 42, rocked out in red and threw her arms and legs about wildly during the energetic set where she was cheered on by the crowd
Meanwhile Sophie, 45, looked every inch the superstar as she sparkled in a metallic bodysuit that showcased her toned legs
The Murder On The Dancefloor singer exuded confidence as she strutted her stuff and whipped up the crowds into a frenzy, flicking and kicking her legs and spinning around during her set.
Also taking to the stage, was Paloma Faith, 42, who rocked out in red and threw her arms and legs about wildly during the energetic set where she was cheered on by the crowd.  
Paloma showcased her sensational figure for the performance in a tiny pair of red shorts and a matching red T-shirt which clung to her tiny frame and flashed a hint of her midriff.
She completed her onstage ensemble with a bejewelled baseball cap, a huge feather coat and strutted her stuff in a pair of clear perspex heels.
The show followed on from her busy summer performing at the likes of Glastonbury and Forest Live.  
It comes after she hit back at Glastonbury trolls and begged music fans to 'give women a break' after a slew of female artists were plagued with technical issues. 
As 210,000 revellers descended on Worthy Farm in Somerset for the weekend millions tuned in from home thanks to the BBC 's rolling coverage. 
The Murder On The Dancefloor singer exuded confidence as she strutted her stuff and whipped up the crowds into a frenzy, flicking and kicking her legs and spinning around during her set
Paloma showcased her sensational figure for the performance in a tiny pair of red shorts and a matching red T-shirt which clung to her tiny frame and flashed a hint of her midriff
The singer looked sensational in red and added to the glamour with an eye-catching bejewelled red baseball cap
She completed her onstage ensemble with a huge feather coat and strutted her stuff in a pair of clear perspex heels
But after SZA, Dua Lipa, Shania Twain and Cyndi Lauper were slammed and accused of 'miming' when sounds issues disrupted their sets, Paloma couldn't help but clap back. 
The Warrior singer, 42, took to her Instagram Stories on Monday to remind viewers that women were not on stage to be 'shamed and ridiculed' but to be 'boss b**ches'. 
She wrote to her 835,000 followers: 'The way people criticise the women who performed a @glastonbury online is absolutely appalling.'
'I think people need to understand that women are not on stage to be ridiculed and shamed we are there in all our boss b***h power and we stand by one another. 
'GIVE WOMEN A BREAK.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group