This year Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will headline Glastonbury festival which takes place from June 26 to 30.
But there are hundreds of others acts across more than 50 stages over the full five days of the Somerset festival. Some acts might not make it onto the iconic Glastonbury festival poster but will still attract massive crowds, to even the smaller stages and tents.
This year, a surprising line-up addition has been announced as a BBC presenter is set to step up to the DJ decks. Ros Atkins, BBC News Analysis Editor and from The Media Show, will be performing at Stonebridge Bar, at The Park, on Saturday, at 3.30pm.
READ MORE: Glastonbury festival 2024 line up in full and confirmed set times
READ MORE: Glastonbury Festival's Emily Eavis says when next fallow year will be
Revealing the news on X, Ros posted: "As I may have mentioned a couple of times, in an unlikely development, I'm going to be doing a drum and bass set @Glastonbury. And, not at all unreasonably, quite a few people have asked me variations on ‘how did that happen?!’ Well, there's a bit of a story here."
Ros went on to explain that back in the 90s, he started going to raves and listening to "hardcore and drum and bass." He went on to DJ through his 20s before being booked to play a festival in Regent's Park in 2006.
Fast forwarding to 2022, Ros gave an interview about his DJing past which sparked interest from BBC colleagues and a Soho nightclub, who asked if he fancied a live set. Now he's ready to take The Park by storm, adding: "It’s frankly incomprehensible that I’m tweeting this – but here’s the line-up for Stonebridge at Glastonbury and, to my great excitement and astonishment, I’m on it."
Win a £100 Amazon gift card in our amazing Euro 2024 prize giveaway
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.