Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
The actress and author of Master of Me takes our literary survey.
Welcome to Shelf Life, ELLE.com’s books column, in which authors share their most memorable reads. Whether you’re on the hunt for a book to console you, move you profoundly, or make you laugh, consider a recommendation from the writers in our series, who, like you (since you’re here), love books. Perhaps one of their favorite titles will become one of yours, too.
Keke Palmer’s already packed resume now includes “two-time author” with her latest, Master of Me (Flatiron), adding to actress, singer/songwriter, game show host, and producer. She’s also a mother (to son Leodis; she announced her pregnancy when hosting “SNL” and had a “once upon a time” baby shower); CEO (KeyTV digital network for diverse creators and Big Bosses Entertainment record label); podcaster (“Baby, This is Keke Palmer” on which she’s interviewed such guests as VP Kamala Harris, Janelle Monáe, and Ayo Edebiri), Emmy winner (for short “Turnt Up With the Taylors” and for hosting duties on “Password,” the first Black woman to be nominated in this category), Internet meme, and Instagram force (with 14 million followers.) 
She started to act at 9, breaking out at 12 in Akeelah and the Bee with Angela Bassett and Laurence Fishburne, and going on to star in True Jackson, VP on Nickelodeon (where she became friends with Ariana Grande), Ryan Murphy’s Scream Queens, Hustlers with J. Lo, and Jordan Peele’s Nope (she played Malia Obama’s anger translator on Key & Peele), among others, in addition to starring in Rodgers and Hammerstein’s Cinderella on Broadway and voicing the character of Uzo Aduba’s granddaughter in Disney/Pixar’s Lightyear. She’ll next be seen in January’s buddy picture One of Them Days with SZA and produced by Issa Rae (Palmer once guest starred in Insecure), The Pickup with Eddie Murphy for Amazon MGM, and has signed on for I Love Boosters with Demi Moore. 
The Chicago-born, LA-raised, Brooklyn-based Lauren Keyana Palmer streams on Twitch (she played Mario Bros, Tekken, and Sims growing up); did talk show hosting duties on GMA3; partnered with Estée Lauder, La Roche-Posay, Google, Olay Body, and Chips Ahoy! cookies, among others; and is chief brand officer at hair care company Creme of Nature.
Likes: date nights (Michelin star, please), making decks, breakfast food, charcuterie boards, woo woo wellness, oversized eyeglasses (Zenni is a popular brand.)
Not so much: Deep sea exploration, cosmetic surgery.
Hobbies: Pilates and cooking classes, astrology (she’s a Virgo.)
Fan of: Tyler Perry, Formula 1, Nitehawk Cinema. Cue her book recs below. 
The Bluest Eye by Toni Morrison. Because the story of Pecola Breedlove is a devastating one and this book is a classic. When you read my book, you’ll see how I took inspiration from Ms. Morrison’s unforgettable beginning. 
A New Earth by Eckhart Tolle.  This book shifted my entire mindset and changed my life, no exaggeration.
Dear Black Girls by A’ja Wilson. The thing I love about this book is that A’ja shows us that sometimes the support from the people we love is hard truths. Gushy is good, but sometimes we need a little spice to get us right! And we share the same publisher, too! And Kindred by Octavia Butler.  This book kept me up way too late. Riveting!
Bossypants by Tina Fey because she is too damn funny!
Intermezzo by Sally Rooney. The girls are eating this book up and I’m trying to figure out what’s going down in the Sally Rooney fan club. Who wants to talk about it??
The Secret Lives of Church Ladies by Deesha Philyaw. I know a lot of church ladies and, chile, they are full of SECRETS that are better than fiction! 
More Than Enough by Elaine Welteroth. I really loved the way Elaine talked about finding her voice and moving towards her full purpose in this book. “The truth is, job titles are temporary. But purpose is infinite.” Yes!!!
Bad Feminist by Roxane Gay. Enough said.
Power Moves by Sarah Jakes Roberts. There’s nothing like reading a book where someone wants you to tap into the most authentic and powerful version of yourself.
We’re Going to Need More Wine by Gabrielle Union. I’ve always loved Gabrielle’s honesty. The way she explores all these different topics including race, sexuality, and while also being incredibly vulnerable and sharing stories from her past made me so proud of her for writing this book. Love you, Gab! 
Shelf Life: Bonnie Tsui
Shelf Life: Peter Som
Shelf Life: Curtis Sittenfeld
Shelf Life: Lola Kirke
Shelf Life: Charmaine Wilkerson
Shelf Life: Mindy Kaling
Shelf Life: Weike Wang
Shelf Life: Glory Edim
Shelf Life: Jenny Slate
Shelf Life: Hernan Diaz
Shelf Life: Jean Hanff Korelitz
Shelf Life: Abby Wambach
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.