By CAROLINE PEACOCK 
 Published:  15:17, 21 November 2024   |  Updated:  16:00, 21 November 2024   
 3
View  comments
The designer of the BRIT Awards 2025 trophy has been revealed as Gabriel Moses.
The south London artist is celebrated for his collaborations with a long and rapidly growing list of brands including Adidas, Dior, Apple and Burberry.
He now follows the likes of Vivienne Westwood and Anish Kapoor in designing the winners' trophy for the annual awards show.
On what it meant to be asked to design the 2025 trophy, Gabriel said: 'To be listed alongside some of the greatest artists, designers, architects, such as Vivienne Westwood, Zaha Hadid, Anish Kapoor, is truly an honour and something I will always be grateful and proud of.
'To now have both Slawn, and this year also myself, in the same group as people that informed our/mine visual approach, puts lots of things in perspective and it is an amazing achievement across the board.'
Of the trophy itself, he explained: 'It all stems from my upbringing, my Nigerian heritage, sculptural works my mum would showcase all around our house…. We tried to blend history and presence, with the latter informing the colours and texture of the sculpture, as for me it was also key to bring my photographs into this.
The BRIT Awards 2025 trophy has been designed by Gabriel Moses
The south London artist(pictured) is celebrated for his collaborations with a long and rapidly growing list of brands including Adidas, Dior, Apple and Burberry 
'To do so, we focused on the textural aspect of it, which is reminiscent of light and backdrops I use.
'Texture is everything, in all my mediums really, so creating the tones that people can identify within my work and bringing that to sculpture was an exciting process. Throughout the whole research phase, it was exciting to explore materials that we'd like to delve into and shapes in which we'd be able to push the sculpture.'
Gabriel continued: 'That said, the features were the most important. With so many of the sculptures that I'd grown up seeing at home that my mum would have in the living room, I kind of wanted the features to almost sit similar to that.
'A lot of my work takes me back to my childhood and the things that I grew up seeing so, in trying to create something that sat differently to what had been done before, I wanted to explore the fabrics that made me. 
'That's all I've ever tried to do with my work – just bring my memories and my culture into everything, whether that be South London or Nigerian heritage.'
On Thursday the BRITs confirmed the list of 16 categories for this year which includes Artist of the Year, Group of the Year, BRITs Rising Star, Best New Artist, Song of the Year with Mastercard, and Mastercard Album of the Year. 
There will also be awards for International Artist of the Year, International Song of the Year and International Group of the Year as well as Alternative/Rock Act, Pop Act, R&B Act, Dance Act, and Hip Hop/Grime/Rap Act. 
Meanwhile Producer of the Year and Songwriter of the Year will both be honorary awards decided by a separate expert panel.
Last years ceremony saw RAYE break BRITs records by sweeping the board with six awards out of an already record breaking seven nominations
Hosted by Clara Amfo , Maya Jama and Roman Kemp, last year's show pulled in an average audience of 2.5 million, with a peak of 3.1 million
Back in September it was revealed that the BRITs 2025 will take place on March 1 live from The O2 arena and airing exclusively on ITV1 and ITVX.
As the biggest night in the UK music calendar, the music industry will once again come together to celebrate the year's standout successes across both British and International music.
They have also confirmed that Damian Christian, Managing Director and President of Promotions at Atlantic Records (part of Warner Music UK) will serve for his third and final year as Chair of the BRIT Committee for 2025. 
Christian has remained in position for the duration of Warner Music UK's three-year tenure, overseeing all aspects of the event including performance bookings, hosts, show creative, digital, and award categories.
Commenting being part of the BRITs, Christian said: 'It is a privilege, once again, to chair The BRITs for the third and final time.
'I'm proud of the changes we've implemented and the results we've achieved over the last few years, and I'm looking forward to going out with a bang in March.
'Making sure we kept our Saturday night slot was our first priority, and now we've locked that in, we will work hard to make next year's show one for the history books!'
The BRIT Awards 2024, hosted by Clara Amfo, Maya Jama and Roman Kemp, pulled in an average audience of 2.5 million, with a peak of 3.1 million.
In a night dominated by female winners, who won gongs in all but four categories, Dua won best pop act while Kylie Minogue picked up the global icon award
The only men to get accolades were Calvin Harris (pictured) for dance act; Sheffield quartet Bring Me The Horizon in the alternative/rock category; Casisdead for best hip-hop, grime or rap act; and duo Jungle for group of the year
Elsewhere, BRITs Instagram Reels on the night had a record breaking 14 million views - up from 10 million last year. 
The ceremony saw RAYE break BRITs records by sweeping the board with six awards out of an already record breaking seven nominations.
The singer-songwriter, 26, scooped the biggest gongs of the night including, Song of the Year, Album Of The Year, Artist Of The Year and Songwriter of the Year.
She was in floods of tears at her incredible feat and in a heartwarming moment, even brought her beloved grandmother on stage.
The star now holds the record for the most BRITs won at a single ceremony, a record which previously stood at four, jointly held by Blur (1995), Adele (2016) and Harry Styles (2023).
Raye had been nominated eight times – the most ever for a single artist in a year – including two nods for song of the year, for Escapism, which won the title, and Prada.
In a night dominated by female winners, who won gongs in all but four categories, Dua won best pop act while Kylie Minogue picked up the global icon award.
The only men to get accolades were Calvin Harris for dance act; Sheffield quartet Bring Me The Horizon in the alternative/rock category; Casisdead for best hip-hop, grime or rap act; and duo Jungle for group of the year.
While across the pond, Miley Cyrus, SZA and Boygenius won prizes, for International song, International artist and International group.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group