Just hold on, we're coming home; karma just took the scenic route.

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

	This week is one of them ones. 

	We have a little bit of afrobeats, a little alternative, and a bit of traditional, but the foundation is still R&B. With that said, SZA has formally released “Saturn.” By popular demand, Usher has shared two bonus tracks from his new album. SiR teamed up with Isaiah Rashad for the second single from his long-awaited new album. 

PJ Morton is taking us back to the motherland with the lead single from his forthcoming album. Rising star Jaz Karis partnered with Tone Stith for a relatable duet. Meanwhile, Jasmine Cephas Jones is doing some reflecting; Zyah Belle is pouring into her fans; and Dana Williams is questioning it all while still finding the motivation to power through. 

	Whether you are running from those karmic overload, or choosing to figure it all out, VIBE’s top new R&B picks will help in your respective journeys—if you let them.

	










Lana may not have a confirmed release date, but SZA has gifted fans with “Saturn.” After debuting the record at the 2024 Grammys and announcing her new partnership with Mastercard, the song quickly became a fan-favorite.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	As the New Jersey native sings about her somber perspective, the single’s cover art paints a more vivid picture of SZA’s intrusive thoughts. The “S” stands for Saturn (obviously), sick and safe. The “A” represents absent, acorn, atom while “T” represents trust, the phrase “take my time,” and time wasted. “U” stands for unwell as “R” means rare and rotten. “N” is for nothing.

	Not only did SZA release the official studio version, but she also released the live rendition,  the instrumental, the a cappella, and sped up versions. 

	Usher’s latest album has already become his top-charted album in the last decade. It topped Billboard‘s Top R&B Albums, Top Album Sales, and Top Current Albums charts. It debuted at No.  2 on the Billboard 200. Just two weeks after its release, the crooner has now issued the expanded version with two bonus tracks: “Naked” and “Believe.”

	“Naked” was first exclusively available through SKIMS after Usher announced his new campaign with the brand. “Believe” was teased long before that and fans were practically banging down Jermaine Dupri and Bryan-Michael Cox’s doors for that release. 

	










	“Ok !! as much as y’all was posting about it not being on the album, now that it’s here. we need that same energy letting everybody know it’s out “Believe” run it up ! #COMINGHOME,” wrote Dupri on Twitter when it was finally available on DSPs. Both records are ones that feel the closest to traditional R&B and classic trifecta Usher as heard on My Way, 8701, and Confessions. Many feel the entire album should’ve sounded like these two hitters, but where’s the element of surprise in that? 

	SiR’s newest single, “Karma,” is the next taste from his new album, Heavy. 

	On the track, the R&B virtuoso lures in listeners to bellow out the mantra, “Karma coming! Karma is real.” Continuing in the personal vein as displayed on the LP’s lead track “No Evil,” SiR enlisted Isaiah Rashad to help detail how powerful karma is while reflecting on some of the choices he’s made in life—for better or worse.

Heavy is set to arrive on March 22.

	Following the magic of Watch The Sun and fresh off his recent Grammy win, PJ Morton is back with the lead single from his new album. 

	“Please Be Good” is an afrobeats and pop&B fusion that’s all about freedom and the need for clarity. It stems from the album he wrote and recorded while spending a month in Africa. The multi-faceted artist is fully embracing a new phase in his life and is happily exploring new sound as well. 

	“I was in Lagos, Nigeria and one of my favorite new producers P.Priime played this beat,” he shared. “I immediately took out my phone and started to record ideas. I love that it’s a mixture of so many vibes.” Morton felt the “spiritual return” was a way to connect though the universal language of music and redefine the meaning of home.

	Rising R&B sensation Jaz Karis has paired up with heartthrob Tone Stith for her new single, “MET YOU AT A BAR.” 

	










	Still swooped up in a post-Valentine’s Day haze, the record highlights a relationship that sparked at the most inopportune time. Karis notes that the track represented a slew of dating experiences from today’s landscape. “It’s full of romance and sweet nothings but ultimately doesn’t lead to anything serious because of the lack of trust between two people,” she explained in a statement. “Sonically we wanted it to feel warm and inviting but the conversation between me and Tone remains bittersweet.”

	Tone sings about women jumping to conclusions and making the “right decision at the wrong time” and Jaz is ready to jump ship at the first wave of a red flag. Overall, “MET YOU AT A BAR” is visually and audibly captivating yet relatable. 

	Jasmine Cephas Jones first gifted us with a neo-soul enthusiast’s dream with “Bright,” but her new single, “Baby I Can’t Give You Up,” is a bit more somber. The piano-laden melody compliments her moody tone as she sings of love and its many shapes.

	“I wanted to write something that felt intimate, slow and powerful,” she explained in a statement. “It’s a classic pop/soul love song that’s dedicated to love. Love for yourself, love for your support system or love for your partner. Love can take many shapes and forms.”

	The equally-appealing black-and-white visual shows Jasmine on a walk through London as she reflects on intimate moments with her loved ones and a slow dance with her late father, Ron Cephas Jones.

	Zyah Belle is back! Following the success of her album, Yam Grier, the singer returns with her new single, “You Got It.” The record is empowering and a testament to a well-earned glow. As she sings, “I think you should look inside and seize the light you’re hiding,” it feels as though you’re having a chat with your homegirl and she’s just pouring positivity into you. The addition of Hip-Hop phenom Rexx Life Raj is the icing on the cake. If this is a preview of what she’s been cooking up, we can’t wait to enjoy the feast. 

	










	Dana Williams’ new single feels like introspection and vulnerability. It feels like looking in the mirror and reflecting. It feels like uncertainty personified, but it also feels like purity and self-love. 

	In true fashion, Williams’ unique tone is entrancing, but if you pay attention, you’ll hear a soothing soundtrack for delicate lovers. Those who question more than they’d like to admit and those who can’t always describe what it’s like to try, fail, and try again. Alt-R&B lovers everywhere will rejoice with this offering. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.