Glastonbury Festival has shared its first round of acts including the event's headliners. Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will be unleashing their hits on crowds at the Pyramid Stage this June.
Canadian songstress Shania Twain is set to perform in the 'Legends' slot on Sunday afternoon. Meanwhile, Bristol's Idles will be headlining the Other Stage along with the National.
James Blake, Bloc Party and Faithless will also be making an appearance at Worthy Farm. 210,000 festival-goers will descend on Pilton between June 26 to 30, and while the first round of tickets has sold out, a resale will be taking place.
READ MORE: Bristol International Balloon Fiesta confirms 'new and exciting' addition for 2024
Try BristolLive Premium for FREE with no ads and new features
This will be in April, but the exact date is yet to be confirmed. You could also win a place by entering the festival's prize draw.
All the money raised will be donated to emergency funds to support people affected by conflict. The prize draw is open to UK residents, until 12 noon on Thursday 28 March.
Each winner will receive two tickets, with entry to the Festival for themselves and a guest. For more information see the Terms and Conditions.
If you are not attending the festival, you will still be able to catch all the action across all the main stages on television and radio. The BBC will be providing wall-to-wall coverage.
Last year, Arctic Monkeys took the top slot on the Pyramid Stage on Friday, while Guns N' Roses closed on Saturday night and Sir Elton John impressed fans with his incredible finale on Sunday evening.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.