Fans were quick to speculate that one act in particular would be filling the TBA slot at Woodsies
The bookies’ odds have been shared for who may be playing a secret set at Glastonbury 2024 – and bets have been suspended on one huge artist already.
The legendary Worthy Farm festival will be taking place between June 26 and 30 this year, and will see headline sets from Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, as well as Shania Twain, LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, The National and others.
The initial wave of acts were confirmed back in March, and since then the organisers have been drip-feeding separate posters for the festival’s many areas and stages – including Left Field, Woodsies, The Glade, the Acoustic Stage, Silver Hayes, The Park, Block9 and The Common.
Yesterday (June 4), the festival shared the complete schedule details for 2024, and confirmed numerous new acts in the process. These included Tems, James, Jamie Webster, The Staves, The Zutons, Soft Play (fka Slaves), Rachel Chinouriri, Femi Kuti, Seasick Steve, Squeeze, Johnny Flynn and many more.
That being said, fans were quick to spot some gaps in the schedule, where a number of secret sets will be taking place. One particularly significant gap was spotted on the Woodsies Stage at 6pm on Saturday. Immediately, a wide consensus was shared that the gap would be filled by Kasabian – who are currently gearing up to release their new album ‘Happenings’. 
Other names thrown about for the slot included Kings Of Leon, The Smile and Troye Sivan.
Sergio Pizzorno from Kasabian performs in 2023. CREDIT: Rob Ball/Getty Images
Now, following much speculation online, William Hill has shared the bookies’ odds for the Woodsies secret slot, and confirmed that bets on Kasabian filling the gap have been suspended.
This, William Hill said, was because of the sheer number of people taking the bet within just hours of the festival announcement. “We only opened our market on acts that could play secret sets at Glastonbury yesterday, but after seeing some telling bets on Kasabian to make an appearance, we’ve been forced to suspend betting on them,” said spokesperson Lee Phelps. “Plenty of people seem to be in the know that Serge Pizzorno’s band will be appearing at Glasto and have taken the initial 3/1 we offered.
Others listed as potentially filling the slot include Britpop icons Pulp – who were also rumoured as appearing last year – as well as Kings Of Leon and The Killers. Find the full list of odds below.
Kasabian – Betting Suspended
Pulp – 6/4
Kings Of Leon -2/1
The Killers -3/1
Richard Hawley – 3/1
Green Day -5/1
Weezer -5/1
Tame Impala -6/1
The Smile – 6/1
Hot Chip – 7/1
Vampire Weekend – 8/1
Placebo – 8/1
Interpol – 8/1
Glass Animals – 8/1
BAR – 10/1
Caleb Followill of Kings of Leon performs onstage in 2024. CREDIT: JUAN PABLO PINO/AFP via Getty Images
Other unfilled slots are also seen on the Glasto schedule, including one at Levels at midnight on Saturday, and three slots in Nowhere. There are also two vacant slots on the BBC Introducing at 4:30pm on Saturday and 7:30pm on Sunday.
Visit here for the full line-up, stage splits and schedule.
Last year’s edition of Glastonbury had a notable appearance from Foo Fighters, who played a surprise set on the Pyramid Stage under the moniker of The Churnups.
“You guys fuckin’ knew it was us this whole time, you knew it was us, right?” Grohl joked about the much-talked-about mystery slot, before performing ‘My Hero’. “We’re not good at secrets.”
The year before, Jack White performed an impromptu set on The Park Stage, which is also historically known for hosting secret sets. Before that, the likes of Pulp, Foals and Radiohead’s Thom Yorke and Jonny Greenwood had made surprise appearances there.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.