The Festival is returning in 2025 before taking a year off in 2026
Tickets for Glastonbury Festival 2025 have sold out in under 40 minutes, organisers have said. 
Thousands of would-be festival-goers joined an online queue at 09:00 GMT, and all of the tickets had sold by 9:35 GMT. 
The world-famous event will be held from 25 to 29 June before taking a year off in 2026 to allow the ground at Worthy Farm in Somerset to recover.
Tickets cost £373.50, plus a £5 booking fee - an increase of £18.50 on 2024.
In a post on X, Glastonbury Festival said: "Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now Sold Out. 
"Thanks to everyone who bought one and sorry to those who missed out, on a morning when demand was much higher than supply.
"There will be a resale of any cancelled or returned tickets in spring 2025."
Dua Lipa was one of the headliners for the Festival in 2024
An automatic queue system has been introduced with fans needing to be online before the start of the sale with a valid registration number.
Some reported issues with the new system, with one X user saying "I was on the booking page clicked proceed and then it crashed. Took me back to the booking page - crashed again - then I got a message saying all tickets have been sold out. This is not fair."
Another asked: "Did anyone else get through, enter all details and then receive an access denied message?"
Other users reported a better experience, with one saying: "Didn’t get tickets but the new system was a massive improvement on the last one. Much fairer."
Another added: "People love to moan. Didn't get tickets but the system was a step in the right direction this year."
The festival's organisers have been approached for a response.
Registration for 2025 tickets closed at 17:00 on 11 November and fans could buy a maximum of six tickets per person.
Tickets must be fully paid for by the end of 7 April 2025. Any not paid for by then will be put up for resale.
Around 210,000 people attended the Festival in June, with general tickets for the event selling out in under an hour.
Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA played the Pyramid Stage, with Shania Twain performing the Sunday Legends spot.
The artists playing Glastonbury 2025 are yet to be announced.
Tell us which stories we should cover in Somerset
Follow BBC Somerset on Facebook, external and X, external. Send your story ideas to us on email or via WhatsApp on 0800 313 4630.
Glastonbury 2025 ticket sale date confirmed
The teen DJ with his sights set on Glastonbury
Glastonbury announces big change to ticket booking
Glastonbury 2024: 15 magical and memorable moments
Glastonbury resale tickets will be 'very limited'
Glastonbury Festival 2025
Taunton sisters meet long-lost eldest sister after 'miracle' DNA match
Land earmarked for new railway station to be safeguarded in event of cancellation
Heavy traffic on the M5 due to two incidents in Somerset
Camera club members get reflective with their snaps
Enjoy North Somerset - Become a local tourist this spring
Iconic South Somerset venue announces hotel and restaurant closure
Australia PM Albanese makes stunning comeback with landslide win
Three things to know about the Australian election result
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
The songs that shaped Chappell Roan 
Your 'Couch to 5K' journey with Giovanna
Unmissable crime drama with Sean Bean
Bizarre crimes with brazen criminals
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.