Advertisement
Glastonbury 2024 is finally here, with Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA set to headline the Pyramid Stage, and countless other acts and artists set to perform on various stages across the weekend.
As the UK’s biggest music festival — and perhaps the biggest celebration of contemporary performing art in the world — Glastonbury has become iconic in more ways than one.
From attracting some of the biggest names in modern music to hosting small-yet-unforgettable personal moments and often punishing its attendees to their limits with wild and unpredictable weather, Glastonbury is world-renowned as a much-loved bright light in our collective cultural calendar.
Read more: The greatest ever Glastonbury moments
With Glastonbury 2024 upon us, read on for all the key details you need about attending this year’s fest including who’s performing, when you can buy resale tickets and more.
The first details of Glastonbury 2024’s official line-up landed online in March with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA confirmed as headliners and country star Shania Twain in the Sunday ‘Legends’ slot.
This year’s line-up poster was divided into separate stages, with the likes of LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka and Janelle Monae gracing the festival’s biggest platform, the Pyramid Stage.
The Other stage will see Idles, Disclosure and The National headline, with performances from The Streets, Two Door Cinema Club, Avril Lavigne, Bloc Party and The Last Dinner Party also scheduled. Meanwhile, Fontaines D.C., London Grammar, Orbital, King Krule and The Breeders are all set to play The Park.
Many more acts have also been confirmed to appear across the weekend, including Jessie Ware, Jungle, Brittany Howard, Nia Archives, Corinne Bailey Rae, Sugababes, Jamie XX, Gossip, James Blake, Sleaford Mods, Yard Act, Arlo Parks and Squid.
In early June, the full and final Glastonbury 2024 line-up was unleashed, with set times made available on the official Glastonbury website, allowing ticket-holders to start planning their weekend.
Listing those due to perform would take up the majority of this page but newcomers added to the line-up include the likes of Big Special, Bob Vylan, Jarvis Cocker, Lucy Spraggan and many, many more.
Explore the full Glastonbury 2024 line-up here.
While some acts on this year’s roster were expected, others were notably missing. For example, Madonna was heavily rumoured to have been leading the line-up but it looks like she decided not to visit Worthy Farm after all.
In November 2023, the Mail on Sunday ran a story that claimed Madonna, Dua Lipa and Coldplay were each confirmed to headline Glastonbury 2024 but it didn’t take long for co-organiser Emily Eavis to shoot this supposed ‘confirmed’ line-up down.
That said, two out of three of these headlining acts have turned out to be correct — so perhaps Madonna was set to headline at some stage before some internal mix-up threw a spanner in the works? Eavis fuelled these rumours after she posted on Instagram about attending a Madonna show in London.
The festival recently pledged to feature more female headliners following Glastonbury 2023’s male-centric bill which was led by Arctic Monkeys, Guns N’ Roses and Sir Elton John performing his final UK show. So far, 2024’s line-up appears to have made good on that promise.
In December 2023, musical icon Cher threw her hat into the ring for 2024’s festival but that doesn’t seem to have materialised.
Glastonbury 2024 takes place from Wednesday 26 to Sunday 30 June at its usual home of Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset. This will be the festival’s third event in a row following two forced fallow years enforced by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021.
Usually, Glastonbury hits pause every four or five years and forgoes hosting the festival in order to let its farmland regrow. However, the global pandemic threw this schedule up in the air slightly.
During a recent interview with the BBC’s Sidetracked podcast, Emily Eavis suggested that the event’s next fallow year might be in 2026.
The BBC will once again be Glastonbury’s home away from home with over 90 hours of live music coverage on TV and 90 hours of festival-themed content blasting out of BBC Sounds.
This year’s celebration will last six weeks, starting on Monday 3 June and lasting until Sunday 14 July across live TV, iPlayer, BBC Sounds and radio.
During the festival, the BBC will provide five live streams from each of the main festival stages including the Pyramid, Other, Woodsies, West Holts and The Park, giving viewers at home the chance to wander between acts as if they were at Worthy Farm with Lauren Laverne, Clara Amfo, Jack Saunders and Jo Whiley as their hosts.
The broadcaster will also launch a new Glastonbury channel with the Glastonbury Channel II giving viewers handy round-ups of key moments from each day of the festival. This will join their already-existing Glastonbury Channel Live, Classic Glastonbury Channel and Glastonbury Highlights Channel.
Performances on the Pyramid Stage will be signed by BSL interpreters and artists like Duo Lipa and Coldplay will share their favourite Glastonbury stories in brand new 30-minute specials to be aired on BBC Two.
On BBC Sounds, a brand new series of Sidetracked with Annie Macmanus and Nick Grimshaw featuring exclusive interviews with Emily Eavis, Shania Twain and more will be available, while BBC 6 Music hosts All Day Glastonbury between Wednesday 26 June and Monday 1 July.
What's more, Back To Back Sounds: Glastonbury will provide curated festival-themed content with their Glastonbury Daily Playlists rounding up the best live tracks captured from the festival as it happens.
All in all, those who didn’t manage to bag a ticket to this year’s Glasto will be well and truly spoiled by the BBC’s coverage.
Unfortunately not. Tickets for Glastonbury Festival 2024 have now fully sold out and there will be no further resales.
They originally went on sale in November 2023 and were quickly snapped up. A limited number of returned tickets went back on sale a few months later but they're now all gone too.
Tickets could only be purchased from Glastonbury’s official See Tickets site, and those looking to bag one had to be registered and have their details on Glastonbury’s database. This is used to minimise touting and unofficial ticket resales.
Glastonbury 2024 takes place between Wednesday 26 and Sunday 30 June
This article originally appeared on Yahoo TV UK at https://uk.news.yahoo.com/glastonbury-2024-line-up-headliners-when-dates-161533483.html
Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL
Advertisement
Advertisement
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Press Association
Advertisement