Here are our favourite tracks of the last 12 months, as voted for by tQ staff and core writers
While catching up on reactions earlier this month to our list of the year’s best albums, I was amused to come across a Reddit thread in which some people seemed to think Charli xcx’s BRAT was included in the chart merely as a “token” pop entry, or, better still, as an attempt to manipulate SEO so we got clicks from Google searches of the record. Putting aside the fact that I doubt its inclusion in our list is dominating the top search entries for one of the year’s most talked-about albums anyway, I felt that it was paramount to clarify that it appeared high up in the list simply because I, and some of my tQ colleagues, think it’s one of the year’s best records, and so I commented just that – yes, I know these things probably shouldn’t bother me enough to do so.
Every December, when we publish our Albums of the Year and Reissues Etc. of the Year lists, which you can find here and here respectively, the default reaction is to wonder how many artists we might have made up or picked to be ‘deliberately obscure’, and it’s certainly something we’ve played up to in our social media sharing of them in the past. Our assessment of the year’s best tracks then is often a chance to demonstrate that we’re not just being wilfully pompous in our listening habits and do genuinely love and pay attention to great pop or ‘mainstream’ songs like those of Charli xcx and the several other artists whose work sits neatly in the chart below next to less established, ‘alternative’ acts, for want of a better word.
With the suggestion put to those voting that they should look to avoid overly complex or extended pieces of music in their thinking, the list below spans grudge-fuelled hip hop, bright Amapiano-referencing R&B, bizarro alt-pop, dynamic techno, DIY punk, some of the year’s biggest chart hits, and much more besides. You might be aware of some of those aforementioned hits, but we still hope you discover something new from what lies within, or at least revel in having your music taste confirmed if that’s something you enjoy.
2024 has, as with many others in this increasingly fractious media landscape, been a difficult year for tQ but it’s also been one of huge promise. With the launch of a newly designed site this past spring, things are moving far more smoothly than in the past several years, and we’re ever-grateful for the support that you, our dear readers, give us just by returning to the page or sharing an article on social media.
We also hugely appreciate those who continue to subscribe to the site and contribute what they can financially to make tQ sustainable in its current form. With that said, it would be remiss of me not to encourage those who aren’t yet signed up to one of our subscription tiers to do so if they’re able. You can do so here, and get access to a bunch of extra perks including bonus essays, podcasts, newsletters and exclusively-commissioned music. Subscribers can also listen to the several hours of music that make up our various end-of-year charts via our streaming playlists.
We hope you enjoy the Christmas break, whether you celebrate or not, and look forward to bringing you more Culture Countered in 2025. – Christian Eede, December 15, 2024
This chart was voted for by tQ staff and core writers.
More on Little Simz
More on Mach-Hommy
Night Reign by Night Reign
More on Arooj Aftab
More on Kendrick Lamar
More on Fat White Family
Imperial Valley, V by Imperial Valley
More on Imperial Valley
Below a Massive Dark Land by Naima Bock
More on Naima Bock
BouQ by Blawan
More on Blawan
More on Jo Bevan
More on Tyla
These are our favourite ABCs and RLSAGs of the last 12 months. (Anthems, Bangers, Classics & Really Long Songs About Geese)
These are our favourite tracks of the last 12 months as voted for by Jennifer Lucy Allan, Bobby Barry, Aaron Bishop, Patrick Clarke, John Doran, Christian Eede, Noel Gardner, Ella Kemp, Fergal Kinney, Sean Kitching, Anthea Leyland, Peter Margasak, David McKenna, JR Moores, Luke Turner, Kez Whelan and Daryl Worthington. Illustration by Lisa Cradduck
The final of our annual lists sees us pick our top fifty tracks of the year, as selected by Patrick Clarke, John Doran, Christian Eede, Luke Turner, Seb White and Anna Wood 
For the final of our year-end lists, we round up the best tracks of 2016 with a Baker's Dozen selected by John Doran, Luke Turner, Karl Smith and Christian Eede, as well as lists from our contributors
Here are our favourite songs of the year, compiled and ranked for your listening enjoyment
Here are our favourite songs of 2022, ranked and compiled for your listening pleasure
These are our favourite ABCs and RLSAGs of the last 12 months. (Anthems, Bangers, Classics & Really Long Songs About Geese)
These are our favourite tracks of the last 12 months as voted for by Jennifer Lucy Allan, Bobby Barry, Aaron Bishop, Patrick Clarke, John Doran, Christian Eede, Noel Gardner, Ella Kemp, Fergal Kinney, Sean Kitching, Anthea Leyland, Peter Margasak, David McKenna, JR Moores, Luke Turner, Kez Whelan and Daryl Worthington. Illustration by Lisa Cradduck
The final of our annual lists sees us pick our top fifty tracks of the year, as selected by Patrick Clarke, John Doran, Christian Eede, Luke Turner, Seb White and Anna Wood 
For the final of our year-end lists, we round up the best tracks of 2016 with a Baker's Dozen selected by John Doran, Luke Turner, Karl Smith and Christian Eede, as well as lists from our contributors
tQ staff and writers scour this year's singles, EPs, 12"s, one-off releases, reissues and albums to pick their top tracks. Peruse and buy below, courtesy of our friends at Norman Records
Our staff and writers distil 2013's tracks down into handy top tens for our year-end hit parade
Quietus writers and staff have chosen their favourite tracks of the year so far for your delectation. Contains monstrously long Spotify playlist. Where's my damn croissants says John Doran after two days of compiling
Here's a playlist of everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
At the forefront of an underground British guitar scene that's thriving against all odds, Ex Agent have delivered an idiosyncratic, ever-shifting, and excellent new EP exclusively to tQ subscribers
In our latest antidote to the algorithm, Stephanie Phillips guides us through the South African girl groups who resisted apartheid oppression through the joy of their song
In this month's pod Luke Turner and John Doran celebrate two of the finest records of the c21st thus far
In April's essay, Jonn Elledge explains why everything you thought you knew about the popular self-sufficiency sitcom, first broadcast 50 years ago this week, is wrong.
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Serial collaborator and Propellor Orchestra leader Jack McNeill's long-awaited debut solo album is released today exclusively for tQ subscribers, a record that draws deep on his surroundings in Cumbria, but subverts our expectations of the clarinet as an instrument that hymns the pastoral
In this month's essay, Jeanette Leech seeks to reclaim the legacy of Elastica's vastly underrated second album from prurient mutterings about drug addiction and the collapse of Britpop, celebrating Mark E. Smith collaborations and the birth of M.I.A.
In this month’s antidote to the algorithm Puja Nandi celebrates five pioneering artists, from Asian Dub Foundation (pictured) to Osmani Soundz, who enriched the soundtrack of the pre-millennial UK by mixing drum & bass and electronica with the sounds of the Bengali diaspora
This month John and Luke head all the way back to 1904 to experience the thrills, chills and outright horrors of a modern compendium of ghoulish tales
Exploring the subtle microcosms in rock music then bending them to his will, Ryan Walker interviews Mike Vest about Brain Pills, his new band with Nick Raybould and Adam Stone whose debut EP is released exclusively to tQ subscribers today – a gathering of tales, tunes and feedback
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Start each weekend with our free email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
If you’ve read something you love on our site today, please consider becoming a tQ subscriber – our journalism is mostly funded this way. We’ve got some bonus perks waiting for you too.
Sign up for a weekly delve into the tQ archives.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Sign up for our free Friday email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.