Brits have the chance to win free tickets to Glastonbury Festival 2024 with a TikTok competition from water bottle company Chilly’s. Partnered as the festival’s official reusable bottle supplier, Chilly’s announced on April 3 that it will be giving away six tickets for free to this year’s event.
Announced via its social media channels, Chilly’s will be returning to Worthy Farm as its Official Refill Partner. Now, festival-loving Brits have the opportunity to bag themselves and five friends tickets to see headliners Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA take to the Pyramid Stage. 
According to information via Chilly’s TikTok page, all you’ll need to do to enter is follow two simple steps. The brand wrote in the caption: “To enter: 1. Comment below and tell us which Glastonbury act you’re most excited for OR tag a friend who would love to attend the festival. 2. Make sure you’re following us so we can get in contact with you if you win.”
There are some terms and conditions to keep in mind when remembering. The competition is open for UK entrants only and have to be over the age of 18 to enter. 
Chilly’s’ competition will close at 11.59pm on Wednesday, April 10, and the winner will be chosen at random. The winner will be contacted by DM from the verified Chilly’s TikTok account only and asked to provide their email address.
 Tickets are issued subject to Glastonbury Festival ’s T&C’s too. Tickets are strictly non transferable/exchangeable. The full name of the winner and their guests are required to redeem prizes. Ticket holders must bring valid photo ID to the festival to verify as the ticket holder. 
For those who were lucky enough to get Glastonbury Tickets in November’s sale, the payment window to pay off the full balance is now open. This is for those paid deposits for either a general admission ticket or a ticket and coach travel option.
Balance payment of £280 and £5 booking fee per ticket is due between 9am BST on Monday, April 1 and 11.59pm BST on Sunday, April 7 2024. It’s also possible to add car park tickets and Ticket Plan Refund Protection to your booking while paying your balance.
Any tickets for which the balance has not been paid during the balance payment window will be refunded £50 (a £25 admin fee will be retained) automatically onto the card on which they were booked. This should happen within seven working days of the balance payment period ending.
  For more information on Glastonbury Festival ticket payments, visit  here.