Katt Williams loves to tell it like he sees it, even if how sees it includes crazy, off the wall claims. As we look back on the buzziest moments of 2024, his “Club Shay Shay” interview certainly lands near the top of the list. It appears he’s ending the year where he started, but this time Vulture Festival hosted his latest controversial interview.
The comedian discussed his viral “Club Shay Shay” appearance, his thoughts on embattled music mogul Sean “Diddy” Combs and how he made NBA superstar Steph Curry a legend. To help you separate his fascinating opinions from his ridiculous, wild proclamations, we’ve gathered some of the most interesting moments from his Vulture interview.
The “Friday After Next” star explained that he was going for something different with his appearance on Shannon Sharpe’s popular podcast. He specifically played to YouTube’s algorithm. What’s really fascinating is as crazy as things got, he actually watered down his jokes a little.
“I was trying to do something there that hadn’t been done. I thought that I had figured out the algorithm mathematically, and I thought that I could show that,” Williams said. “When I wrote it out, I wrote it out to kill the careers of the people I was talking about, right? But it was so vicious that I erased all of the knockout blows and just left the jabs so that the comic I’m talking about knows that I know your real story. ‘I’ma tell this. But you know what else I know.’”
One aspect of the “Club Shay Shay” interview that points to how locked in Williams is on rumors around Black Hollywood, are his comments about Combs. He predicted that the Bad Boy founder would “catch hell in 2024” and “all lies will be exposed.”
The “Atlanta” actor explained that he’s able to see things like Diddy’s world differently, because he operates from outside the entertainment industry system. So if he’s at one of these crazy events, he’s not necessarily there for a good time.
“I’m anti-establishment, so I can never be the establishment,” he said. “Even if I’m at the Diddy party, I’m there to tell. I’m there to see, Who the fuck is in here and what do y’all get from being in here? So, nobody likes to have me around. I’m there for bad intentions.”
Like a lot of fans, Williams had thoughts on the controversial made-for-TV boxing match between Mike Tyson and Jake Paul. While a large number of viewers were disappointed in what they saw, the comedian tried to keep a positive outlook.
“What a blessing for Mike to be able to, at this point in his life and career, throw 18 punches and get $1 million per punch, for a total of $20 million,” Williams said.
And of course, it wouldn’t be a Katt Williams interview without him making a completely ridiculous claim about his athletic prowess. Turns out, he’s the one we have to thank for Steph Curry’s on court heroics. According to him, he gave the Golden State Warriors star the idea to showcase his unmatched 3-point shooting ability. He revealed that after a charity basketball game, he told the Olympic gold medalist to focus on his “limitless range.”
We can’t wait to hear what Curry has to say about that.
Up next, Williams has an unspecified role in the upcoming Keke Palmer, SZA buddy comedy, “One of Them Days,” which is scheduled for release Jan. 24.