It’s safe to say the Best New Artist curse is over, right? With recent winners like Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish and Sam Smith all returning to the Grammys with nominations and/or wins since their debuts, as well as notching big hits on the charts, it looks like the Recording Academy has been doing a fine job in their selections. The pressure is on this year, though, as there isn’t a clear runaway frontrunner here. Last year that resulted in a surprise win for jazz newcomer Samara Joy. There’s no jazz artist up for the award this year, however, so who will win?
Most Gold Derby users have heralded songwriter extraordinaire Victoria Monét as the frontrunner, and with good reason. The R&B breakout has been working behind the scenes for years without much recognition, and is now getting her flowers as a solo artist. Her debut studio album, "Jaguar II," a thematic continuation of her buzzy EP "Jaguar," earned Monét a ton of critical acclaim. The album includes the viral hit “On My Mama,” which topped the R&B charts and is rising on pop radio.
Monét has a few factors working in her favor. First, she maxed out on nominations big time, earning seven noms including a sweep of the R&B field, as well as a surprise Record of the Year nomination for “On My Mama” and a nomination for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical, for "Jaguar II." Monét’s industry clout as a celebrity songwriter will likely help her too; surely she has many friends in the industry. In the end, the Grammys are voted on by peers, which includes fellow songwriters, producers, and artists who have worked with or know Monét. That said, I wouldn’t be totally confident in predicting her. She only has one major hit so far in her recording career, and previous R&B winners have tended to be undeniable superstars with huge hits like John Legend, Alicia Keys and Toni Braxton.
And can Monét win with another R&B star in her way? Coco Jones is also up for the award, nominated for a breakout year that included the hit single “ICU.” Jones is unlikely to win the award, as “ICU” did not cross over to pop audiences and she hasn’t delivered another Billboard Hot 100 hit since. However, Jones also did incredibly well in the nominations, earning five including everywhere in the R&B field. As such, one has to wonder if Monét and Jones will split the R&B vote. Of the two, it’s intuitive to assume Monét would be ahead, but Jones clearly has a lot of R&B fans considering her wins for Best New Artist at the Soul Train, BET, and NAACP Awards in 2023. A vote split makes sense, and it’s likely the reason why other recent R&B frontrunners like H.E.R. and SZA lost the award in years past.
If that split happens, it could open up a path to victory for recent viral phenomenon Noah Kahan. The folksy alternative singer has taken the internet by storm in the past year or so with his album "Stick Season." He currently has five Hot 100 hits, including the top-40s “Northern Attitude,” “Dial Drunk,” and the title track. The last of those was rising on streaming during the voting period, reaching number-two on Spotify US by the time ballots were due.
Kahan checks most of the usual boxes for a BNA winner: he’s a singer-songwriter, he appeals to fans and fellow musicians from multiple genres (pop, alternative, Americana), and he’s had multiple hits, albeit not a top-10 yet. Plus, he campaigned in places like "Saturday Night Live," further building up his profile to the general public. Kahan’s disadvantage is that his surge might have come a little too late, not to mention that he hasn’t scored a true worldwide smash hit yet like previous pop winners Eilish and Rodrigo. You might also think that Kahan’s lack of any other nominations would be a big issue, but that was probably due to him being slotted in the Americana categories. While Kahan does sing Americana-leaning material, he isn’t really a big name in that insular community; he likely would’ve been nominated in the alternative categories had he been placed there.
If we go by pure commercial success, then it might be Ice Spice. The Bronx rapper has achieved viral success with her hits “In Ha Mood,” “Munch” and “Princess Diana,” as well as being featured on iconic hits of 2023 like “Barbie World” (with Nicki Minaj) and “Boy’s A Liar, Pt. 2” (with PinkPantheress). However, Ice’s brand of drill may not be Grammy-friendly compared to past winners like Chance the Rapper and Megan Thee Stallion who were more traditional and lyrical than Spice. Ice has also not netted a solo top-10 hit -- or top 40, for that matter -- which could be seen by voters as a sign that she has limited appeal on her own.
Another commercial pick would be country singer Jelly Roll, who had a big year in the genre with hits like “Need a Favor,” “Son of a Sinner” and the Grammy-nominated “Save Me” with Lainey Wilson. But will his country base be enough to score him the win? The last country act to win the award was Zac Brown Band in 2010, but they had a bit more time to collect a greater number of hits. Jelly Roll could also split votes with Kahan, as well as Americana nominees The War and Treaty, who like Jelly Roll have been nominated at some country award shows and thus have industry support.
Speaking of The War and Treaty, could they be this year’s Samara Joy? Americana is, after all, a strong contingent at the Grammys. Perhaps Kahan and Jelly Roll make it impossible for them to get ahead with voters, but if their Americana voting base isn't drawn to those two outsiders, then the duo has a genuine shot in a split field.
Likewise, EDM producer Fred Again could win by monopolizing his genre’s votes: dance voters will surely pick him, although that still might not be enough. Previous dance nominees like Skrillex, The Chainsmokers, and Kaytranada couldn’t win, and the first two of those had arguably stronger breakout years than Fred. The lack of precedent ultimately makes it hard to predict a win for a dance artist here, although maybe Fred could be that precedent.
Last but not least, Gracie Abrams was one of the year’s breakout alt-pop singers. However, Abrams is not a major commercial success yet, and she isn't really a critics darling either, so I’m not sure who would be her voting base, especially with higher-profile popstars in the category.
Due to how long it’s been since we’ve had an R&B act win, as well as the high probability of a vote split, I’m going to say Monét loses this to Kahan, who peaked at the right time. Still, don’t think it’s hopeless for commercial picks like Ice Spice or Jelly Roll, who could easily end up on the big stage too.
Will win: Noah Kahan
Could win: Victoria Monét
Dark horse: Ice Spice or Jelly Roll
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media