The festival will return to Worthy Farm from June 26 to 30
Glastonbury Festival has announced the line-up for the electronic, disco and reggae-oriented Glade area, with Faithless, Fatboy Slim, Camelphat, Groove Armada and more all set to play.
The area plays host to a huge range of DJs and other electronic-leaning acts. Some of the acts further down the line-up include Goldie Live, Chris Stussy, Mall Grab, Enzo Siragusa and Gok Wan.
Also set to perform are D:ream, Desiree, Logic1000, Kurupt FM and more.
Check out the full line-up below:
The @GladeAreaGlasto returns for Glastonbury 2024 with a superb line-up of DJs and live acts playing eclectic grooves, electronic beats, reggae, dub and disco under the leafy canopies! pic.twitter.com/JiFKzqFdZg
— Glastonbury Festival (@glastonbury) April 22, 2024
Glastonbury have been gradually revealing the line-ups for other areas of the festival recently. Last week, they shared details about its 2024 Shangri-La area line-up, including a host of new names such as Kneecap, Bob Vylan and Lambrini Girls.
In addition, a new ‘Arrivals’ stage will be integrated into the 2024 edition of Glastonbury to mark its first dedicated South Asian space. The line-up for the stage includes 4resh, Angel D’Lite, Baalti, Bobby Friction, Daytimers, Gracie T, Pxssy Palace, Zeemuffin, Mamu and more. Check out the full line-up for the Arrivals, Sistxrhood and Platform 23 stages below.
With the Fields Of Avalon announcement earlier this week, Caity Baser, Frank Turner, Skindred and Lulu were all added to the bill, with the performance from the latter marking the last ever live show by the singer.
The Acoustic Stage was confirmed just days before that, and is set to see Scouting For Girls, Stornoway, Ocean Colour Scene, Angie McMahon, and Red Hot Chili Peppers‘ cover band, Red Hot Chilli Pipers perform, as well as Russell Crowe’s Indoor Garden Party. The latter that particularly caught the attention of festival-goers, with many taking to social media to share their thoughts on the Gladiator actor being added to the bill.
More artists set to perform at other stages around the festival site are set to be announced in the run-up to this year’s event. You can check out the first wave of artists added to the 2024 edition here.
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA have been confirmed as headlining the iconic Pyramid Stage this summer, while Shania Twain performs in the legends slot on the Sunday.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.