Watch CBS News

Updated on:  February 3, 2025 / 12:25 AM EST
          / CBS News
        
Comedian Trevor Noah once again hosted the 2025 Grammy Awards, marking his fifth straight year helming the ceremony.
Known for his breakout success as the former host of Comedy Central's late-night program "The Daily Show," Noah took the stage on Sunday night at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. The awards show was refocused in light of the devastating wildfires in Los Angeles.
"The 67th Annual GRAMMY Awards will carry a renewed sense of purpose: raising additional funds to support wildfire relief efforts and honoring the bravery and dedication of first responders who risk their lives to protect ours," said CBS in a news release.
Beyoncé led the nominations, earning 11 nods for her country album "Cowboy Carter," and finally took home the Album of the Year award after losing out the last four times she was up for the big prize. The nominations also made her the most-nominated artist in the show's history: She's had 99 total nominations throughout her career. 
A comedian and best-selling author, Trevor Noah began his television career in Johannesburg, South Africa, where he was born, before moving to the United States. He is best known as the former host of Comedy Central's late-night program "The Daily Show," which he took on after the previous host Jon Stewart's departure in 2015. 
Noah's next seven years in the role catapulted him into the global spotlight and earned him a number of accolades, including two Emmy Awards. TIME magazine recognized him as one of the 100 most influential people in the world in 2018.
It's a long way from his childhood in apartheid-era South Africa, which he described in his 2016 memoir, "Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood." Noah has credited his mother for getting him through difficult times. 
He first hosted the Grammy Awards in 2021 and has returned to do the honors again every year since.
Trevor Noah is widely recognized as Jon Stewart's successor on "The Daily Show," which he hosted from September 2015 until December 2022. The year before he became host, Noah was a senior international correspondent on the show.
He was also featured as the voice of Griot in the movies "Black Panther" and "Black Panther: Wakanda Forever."
Noah worked extensively in comedy spaces, as well as in TV and radio, in South Africa before joining "The Daily Show." He held a few hosting spots during his time with the South African Broadcasting Corporation, and he eventually created and hosted his own late-night talk show on the network, which was called "Tonight with Trevor Noah." It ran from 2010 to 2011. 
After moving to the U.S. in 2011, Noah became the first South African comedian to perform on "The Tonight Show" and the "Late Show with David Letterman."
Emily Mae Czachor is a news editor at CBSNews.com. She typically covers breaking news, extreme weather and issues involving social and criminal justice. Emily Mae previously wrote for outlets like the Los Angeles Times, BuzzFeed and Newsweek.

© 2024 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Copyright ©2025 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.