Summer says her new show has been a way for her to "get out of her shell," and we love that for her.
Source: Frazer Harrison / Getty
Summer Walker is switching things up, stepping behind the mic in a different way. The sultry R&B singer is launching a new radio podcast, Over It Radio.
The show debuts on Apple Music this Friday.
The “Heart of a Woman” singer announced the project on social media with a playful video that has fans buzzing. In the clip, Summer transforms into different characters (host and guests) sitting in a radio studio. The one thing they all have in common? It seems like they’re all “over it.”
Sharing her excitement, Summer captioned the announcement, saying:
 


					Related Stories
				





Thrown Off: Netflix Dissects How One Of The All-Time Greats Tarnished His Legacy In The Official ‘UNTOLD: The Fall Of Favre’ Trailer






MFT: Ivory Scott Looks Back On His First Publishing Deal






White Florida Man Says He Would Have Shot Black Girl Who Rang His Doorbell






“I’m really happy to release my ‘Apple Over It Radio’ show. I had a lot of good guests & plenty of good convos getting to know everyone. For once, I enjoyed my job lol. It was really fun, & it’s kinda nice for everyone to actually see my personality… I’ve never talked this much… ever… since I’ve came into the industry.”
Summer says the online platform has been a way for her to “get out of her shell.” (Fans know this is a big deal for the typically introverted star).
The show is kicking off with six episodes, just ahead of the release of Summer’s third studio album, Finally Over It. Sexyy Red is the show’s first guest. 
The two will dish on everything from their past projects to what they’re currently “over.” Other guests lined up for Over It Radio include other Black women powerhouses SZA and Ciara.
Source: Amy Sussman / Getty
Summer shared her vision for the podcast on Apple Music. 
“My vision for ‘Over It Radio’ is to create a safe space where I can own my own narrative and provide a platform for the women I admire in the entertainment industry to do the same.”
She added, “Listeners can look forward to hearing powerful, accomplished women celebrating their successes, sharing their frustrations about what they’re ready to move on from, and keeping it real about the challenges they face as women, mothers, and entrepreneurs.”
With Summer stepping out of her comfort zone, Over It Radio is sure to be unfiltered look at the women shaping the culture—delivered by one of the most relatable voices in the game.
RELATED
Summer Walker Spotted On Instagram With Pink Telfar x Ugg Bag
Summer Walker And Lil Meech Hit The 2023 BET Awards Together


Summer Walker Launches The ‘Over It Radio’ Podcast With Her First Guest, Sexyy Red 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.