The world knows Solana Rowe (SZA) best as the cult-favorite singer and songwriter responsible for hits like Good Days and Snooze, but the R&B star can now add model and eyewear-influencer to her résumé. Rowe partnered with cool eyewear brand QUAY Australia on an exclusive edit— above she's rocking the High Profile style— that's come just in time for our spring wardrobe refresh. In the campaign, SZA expresses her whimsical style through various looks that nail some of this season's biggest trends from a white two-piece skirt set that taps into Boho and coquette, to a jersey and baggy denim shorts combination that screams Y2K. The new sunglass collection priced from $75 - $105, includes Vibe Check, a nostalgic square-shaped frame, and On Set, a studded wraparound shade with a gold frame and gradient lens.
"When I think of QUAY, I think; confident, playful, and stylish," said the Grammy-winning artist. "This edit with QUAY has been an incredible opportunity to partner on. Self-expression is in our nature—I hope fans feel empowered to make their own rules and find styles that resonate with all the different sides of them." In celebration of the edit, the sunglasses company will be giving away five sets of two tickets for customers to win the chance to see SZA's headline performance at The Governors Ball Music Festival on June 9.
The designer-celebrity partnership has also inspired us to up our sunglass game. From the staying power of futuristic visors as commanded by Louis Vuitton and Maison Margiela x Gentle Monster on the spring runways, to standard frames like aviators on Gucci and Prada's muses. Trends like boho and maximalism are also dictating our accessory purchases, Loewe's mirror shades included.
Keep scrolling to shop some staple pieces from the SZA edit that are now available for purchase, as the stylish shades that are defining the sunglass season.
The SZA x QUAY Edit: TTYL Rimless ($85)
The SZA x QUAY Edit: Hot Gossip ($85)
The SZA x QUAY Edit: On Set ($105)
Oakley Resistor Rectangular Sunglasses at Amazon ($115)
Ray-Ban Women's Jackie Ohh Butterfly Sunglasses at Amazon ($215)
Prada Black Rectangle Sunglasses at Amazon ($177, originally $433)
© Copyright Fashion Times 2024. All rights reserved.
Your Privacy Rights
The material on this site may not bereproduced, distributed, transmitted, cachedor otherwise used,
except
with the priorwritten permission of Fashion Times.
© 2025 Fashion Times LLC. All Rights Reserved