Cloud Paint? Simply unmatched.
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Sorry not sorry, but Glossier will forever be *that* brand. You know, the brand behind every minimalist makeup routine. The brand that Olivia Rodrigo, SZA, and Gigi Hadid (just to name a few celebs!) all have stashed in their makeup bags. The brand that’s perfected blurring the line between skincare and makeup. Yep, it’s simply iconic.
From their best-selling Boy Brow gel and internet-viral Glossier You perfume to their lightweight tinted moisturizer and hydrating lip balms, it’s hard to pick a favorite child. But if you’re wondering what the best Glossier beauty products are, I got you. I asked Cosmo editors to share their tried-and-true products from the brand and trust me, you’re going to want to add all of these to your cart ASAP. 
SHOP GLOSSIER
With summer on the horizon, I imagine most of our glams will transition into a barely-there approach. I personally love opting for a skin-like makeup routine when the temperature rises above 80 degrees—and Glossier’s lineup is guaranteed to be on heavy rotation this season (TBH, it always is year-round). Seriously, its foundations and concealer are great for when you want a bit of coverage that’s still totally breathable. 
Whether you only know the brand for its aesthetic pink packaging or you’re a mega fan who’d never be caught on empty, you might just find a new Glossier fave down below.
When it comes to blush, Glossier’s beginner-friendly Cloud Paint will forever remain a cult-favorite pick among beauty lovers. “Sorry, but Cloud Paint is still the GOAT of all cream blushes,” beauty editor Beth Gillette shares. “Yup, I said it!!! It blends better than any other formula I've used, especially with my fingers, making it practically the simplest blush to apply ever. The shades are timeless and trendy and I'll never get tired of 'em.”
Did you too pluck your eyebrows just a little (read: a lot) when you were younger? Unforch, the sentiment is v relatable but this brow gel helps give that fluffy appearance even when you don’t have too much going on above your eyelids. “It's the only brow gel that visibly thickens my brows upon application,” editor Corinne Sullivan notes. “My favorite thing is how it keeps my brows conditioned rather than crunchy like other products do.”
If Lidstar has no fans, I am dead. I simply adore swiping this onto my eyelids to create a shimmering beautiful landscape. The best part? It. Does. Not. Crease. I wore this in the blistering hot desert for Coachella and during the Eras Tour and I can confidently say this stuff has all-day staying power. It’s user-friendly, so all you need to do is swipe that brush directly across your eyelids or apply some product onto your finger and swipe on.
As a lipstick lover, Ultralip remains a top-tier product. The main reason is the super hydrating formula that still gives a stunning color payoff. “For long-lasting color and tons of moisture, this is my go-to balm!” editor Corinne Sullivan shares. “It provides a nice, subtle tint while keeping my lips smooth and shiny (even in the winter!).”
Non-clumpy, volumizing, and lengthening. Just a few words to describe what makes Lash Slick so damn good. Some mascaras can feel heavy on your eyes, but this one is virtually weightless and gives allll the definition.
Where skincare and makeup come to play, this foundation feels like a smooth gel cream that melts into the skin like butter. Available in 32 shades, you can build the coverage of this foundation up or keep it as minimal as you’d like. As for its ingredients, hydration is the name of the game with a mix of squalane and glycerin.
Let’s be real: Not all cleansers easily take off all of your makeup in one go. This gentle solution has a pH-balanced formula that actually removes your mascara and eye makeup without excess scrubbing. It’s creamy and nourishing so you don’t have to worry about your face feeling stripped and dry after.
Looking in the mirror and seeing your under eyes creased is a top-five woe of makeup users all around. Stretch Balm concealer is flexible, lightweight, and hydrating. It covers up all the dark circles and redness you might wake up with after a long night of watching Eras Tour live streams (I see you, I hear you, and I am you).
If dewy glasslike skin is what you’re after, dewy glasslike is what you’ll get! As the name suggests, Futuredew is the oil-serum hybrid that will make future you dewy as hell. Packed with nourishing oils and plant-based extracts, you’ll be looking as radiant as ever in no time. Wear it alone, under makeup, or as a highlighter on the high points of your face.
What can we say, we’re fans of the classics! Balm Dotcom is one of the brand’s best-selling products, and for good reason. “Let the record show that Balm Dot Calm is still one of the best lip balms out there, despite having spawned hundreds of copycats since it first took over our feeds,” says commerce writer Sarah Maberry. “Old-school Glossier fans will be happy to hear they returned to the OG formula but kept the new and improved packaging. For years, I've kept a few of the birthday cake flavor on hand for an easy last-minute gift that everyone loves. I've even had friends tell me they look forward to their annual restock.”
A few thousand viral TikToks later and you may or may not have fallen victim to another #BeautyTok buy. And this one is worth all the hype. “This bright floral fragrance smells so good while also being the world’s most neutral, inoffensive perfume,” says shopping editor Hannah Oh. “Like nobody would ever smell that perfume and go, ‘OMG someone was a lil heavy-handed with the perfume this morning.’ It smells high-end without being too expensive so I love spritzing this one on as I’m running out the door to run errands.”
If I could lather myself in this lotion at all times, I would. As someone with oily skin, the idea of feeling sticky/greasy after lotioning is a constant fear. But this one absorbs into the skin so well while also giving off a subtle glowing finish. It literally feels like soft silk and smells so good with its orange blossom neroli complex.
I’ll just say it, this is the skin tint your girl told you not to worry about. Glossier’s tint is the tint so many brands have tried to replicate and they fall short time and time again (sorry!). It’ll forever be the best product that gives the closest to a skin-like finish and provides subtle coverage while simultaneously brightening and blurring. So ultra-thin, you’ll forget you have anything on.
Sunscreen check! Have you applied your daily SPF yet? I say this as a friend, but I feel like you’re slacking. This broad-spectrum chemical sunscreen is easy to incorporate into your routine since it blends in seamlessly and works fabulously as a primer under your makeup. No white cast here!
A finishing powder is the cherry on top of your makeup. Wowder makes it look like you have an IRL filter on since it’s so freaking blurring. Oily T-zone? Never heard of her!
Daisy Maldonado is an editor who covers everything from the latest fashion news to deeper looks at beauty culture and the internet’s most talked-about pop culture moments. She’s especially interested in the intersection of style and digital culture, and loves exploring what the trends we follow say about us. When she’s not writing, she’s probably four pages deep on The RealReal searching for vintage designer pieces or planning her next trip abroad (she lived in Paris for a year and hasn’t stopped talking about it since). Her work has appeared in Vogue, Bustle, Allure, and many more.
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
These Summer Dresses From Amazon Are Next Level
My Booty Worships These Butt-Lifting Leggings
The Best Perfumes of All Damn Time (Yup, Really)
I Tried Quince's Lounge Sets and I Need More ASAP
The Fall 2025 Jewelry Trends? So Freaking Stunning
My Search for the Perfect Black Mini Skirt 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.