LAS VEGAS, NEVADA – SEPTEMBER 22: J. Cole performs onstage during the 2023 iHeartRadio Music Festival at T-Mobile Arena on September 22, 2023 in Las Vegas, Nevada. (Photo by Rich Polk/Getty Images for iHeartRadio)
An era is coming to an end. Tuesday, J. Cole announced the dates for the 2025 Dreamville Fest and also announced that it would be the 'fifth and final' festival to happen. The North Carolina music fest has been popular in the last few years drawing hundreds of thousands of people to the area for the weekend. 
On Tuesday, the rapper announced that the festival would take place April 5 - April 6 in Raleigh, North Carolina at Dorothea Dix Park. The Instagram post let fans know that it would be the 'fifth and final' festival after five years of bringing many artists to North Carolina.
"What a ride it’s been… We can’t thank y’all enough for all the memories we’ve shared. From the very beginning, the idea behind the fest was creating a place where our fans, the Dreamville community, could spend time together, a place where they could see themselves reflected, a place to share in experiences. Let’s run it back one more time in April!" the Instagram post read. 
The lineup for next year has not officially been announced, but artists that we have seen in the past include SZA, Monica, Key Glock, Sexyy Red, Jeremih, Lil Yachty, Nicki Minaj, of course, J. Cole, and more.
In another Instagram post, Dreamville Fest posted more details on the festival's history and the ending. "From the moment the idea of a festival took shape, we couldn’t help but wonder: were we in over our heads? Would people come to our home in Raleigh? What would that even look like? We took a leap of faith—breaking ground, making announcements, and even navigating reschedules due to the elements and a world that seemed to be falling apart. Through every challenge and milestone, our community stood by us. Watching people from all over the world and all walks of life gather here each year has been one of the most fulfilling chapters of our journey. Whether it’s the day-one fans or the newcomers, each reunion has been unforgettable. As we approach our 5th and final year, we want to invite our alumni and new pledges to come together one last time—to break bread, share fellowship, and celebrate this thing of ours." 
Many took to the comments to share their sadness for the festival coming to an end, but also many felt that they knew it was coming. Now, we wonder who will take the stage for the final year of Dremville Fest. Since it's the last one, we assume it will be bigger and better!
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!