Raye stormed the Brit Awards on Saturday night (March 2), taking home a record-breaking six awards, including Artist of the Year and Album of the Year. She had already made history by being nominated in seven categories.
Raye sobbed as she collected her sixth and final award of the night, joined by her grandma Agatha. "You just don't understand what this means to me," she said between sobs as she thanked her producer Mike Sabath and her grandmother, who she said was up until 3am 'praying for her.'
After a public falling out with her former record label, Raye went independent in 2021. Her track Escapism went viral on TikTok last year, earning her her first ever number one single. She released her debut album My 21st Century Blues last year and it had barely been out a month when she embarked on a sold-out tour. The star played a highly-anticipated O2 Ritz show last March, while lucky Mancunians saw her at a packed-out O2 Apollo gig last weekend, as part of the same tour.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go.
A resurfaced tweet from May 2020 saw 26-year-old share her hopes of one day winning a Brit. Raye had written: "Since I was 14 years old, I have dreamed of winning a Brit award. I’m praying one day i get lucky enough and I can quote tweet this tweet with a picture of this moment. @BRITs".
Elsewhere, Jungle were named group of the year and Bring Me The Horizon won the best alternative/rock act award. Kylie Minogue, Dua Lipa and Tate McRae were among the stars performing live
Read on to see the list of winners in full.
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.