Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





Is a new comedy duo powerhouse emerging? Keke Palmer and SZA are teaming up to star in a new buddy comedy called One of Them Days produced by Issa Rae for TriStar Pictures, Deadline reports. Here’s everything we know about the movie, including the trailer and when it’s coming out.
Two best friends (Palmer as Dreux and SZA as Alyssa) must figure out how to pay their rent on time after Alyssa’s boyfriend steals their rent check. They engage in silly, buddy comedy hijinks as they try to find a way to make ends meet while also trying to level up their lives to avoid this situation ever again.
Dreux and Alyssa are just trying to get their lives together. The ladies have to figure out how to get $1,500 by 6 PM while Dreux is also trying to nail a job interview. One of the antics includes their attempt to get a payday loan as Katt Williams haunts them from the window, telling them of the dangers of predatory loans. “If you don’t have the money this month, you’re not going to have it next month,” Williams warns from the outside. He’s right and he should say it.
Yep, she’s gonna be their new neighbor (maybe she finally graduated from Euphoria high.) But if you watched the rest of the trailer and thought, “I don’t know who that man is,” here’s the rest of the crew. Variety originally reported the additional cast includes Lil Rel Howery, Janelle James, Keyla Monterroso Mejia, Maude Apatow, Katt Williams, Joshua Neal, Aziza Scott, Patrick Cage, and Amin Joseph.
One of Them Days is set to be directed by Lawrence Lamont, a director on Rae’s Max series Rap Sh!t, from a script penned by Rap Sh!t showrunner Syreeta Singleton. Palmer will also executive produce the film, which will mark SZA’s acting debut. “I CAN’T WAIT,” Palmer wrote in an Instagram post confirming the news. The duo were previously paired up back in December of 2022, when the Nope star hosted Saturday Night Live with SZA as musical guest. This is just the latest project for the always-working Palmer, who is also set to star in Aziz Ansari’s Good Fortune, the Eddie Murphy heist film The Pickup, David O. Russel’s Super Toys, and the rom-com The Backup.
You’re in luck: the movie will be released January 24, 2025.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?