Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Sheer for the new year: Kendall Jenner took to Instagram to say a stylish goodbye to 2023 in a see-through, ruffle-trimmed cutout dress. In the photo series, Jenner is standing on a beach (likely from her tropical vacation that ex Bad Bunny reportedly tagged along for), posing with a wine glass in the ensemble. 
Her friend Hailey Bieber appeared with her in one shot. Bieber looked incredible in a form-fitting, full-length white dress. Her hair was slicked back into a chic top knot, and she accessorized with a simple pair of shiny gold earrings.
Jenner styled her hair in a bun too and added a splash of color to her look with green glass teardrop earrings by Bottega Veneta. 
In the post’s caption, Jenner wrote, “years pass, and they seem faster and faster. Presence and time is all I can ask for. So grateful for what has past, so optimistic for what’s to come. Go love on the people you hold close to your heart, and don’t waste a second ❤️ 2024, shower me with love and laughter, gratitude and growth, patience and presence.”
Jenner's older sister Kim Kardashian left a “✨” emoji in the comment section.
"Everything," wrote singer SZA.  
Jenner is recently single, with her breakup from Bunny reported in December. A source told Us Weekly ahead of the holiday that her friends weren’t surprised the relationship ended.
“Of course they want the best for their friend, but they really didn’t feel like Kendall was as compatible with Bad Bunny as she was in past relationships with other people,” the source said. Some friends could see them reconciling though, that insider added: “At the same time, Kendall has had a few on-off relationships in the past, so they wouldn’t be totally surprised if she got back together with him at some point.” 
Why Meghan Has Secret Emails for Archie and Lili
All About Blue Ivy Carter 
Watch Rumi Carter Make Her Stage Debut
Ariana Grande and Ethan Slater’s Complete Timeline
Why Meghan Believes Her Love With Harry Will Last
Blake Lively Stepped Out in Two Pastel Looks
A Timeline of Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds’ Love
All About Malcolm, Anya’s Husband
Zendaya & Tom Holland’s Romance Through the Years
Everything You Need to Know About Georgia Groome
All About Lili Reinhart's Boyfriend, Jack Martin
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Share Hot Kiss
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.