He may be headlining at the O2 next month, but north London music prodigy Jacob Collier is also playing the more intimate Union Chapel.


  A Festive Evening with the six time Grammy winner is just one of the highlights of Christmas at Islington's historic chapel.


  The ever popular Carols by Candlelight, a Nashville Country Christmas, and an evening of Britten and Bach are also on the bill at the famous church and live music venue.


The annual Carols by Candlelight at Union Chapel is free to attend and very popular. (Image: Emile Holba)


  Collier sprang to fame after uploading a YouTube video of himself singing Stevie Wonder in his Barnet bedroom. It garnered millions of hits and led to the former Mill Hill pupil being mentored by the late music titan Quincy Jones.


  Since then, the singer songwriter and producer has gone on to global stardom with collaborations with Stormzy, Coldplay, SZA, and Lizzy McAlpine.


  He'll be at the 20,000 capacity O2 on December 9th as part of his arena tour, before playing the 900-seat Union Chapel on Thursday December 12th for a more cosy improvised show filled with festive cheer and audience participation.


  Audiences will be treated to his latest release Three Christmas Songs, recorded live-to-vinyl at Abbey Road Studios, and his habit of turning concert audiences into improvised choirs.


  The record features the songs I'll Be Home For Christmas, Winter Wonderland, and Silent Night and Collier says of the record, which is out now: “As somebody with a deep love for Christmas, it was a proper joy to have this opportunity to record three of my favourite festive songs live-to-vinyl, in Abbey Road’s iconic Studio 2.


  "A last minute call-out to friends and fans resulted in a gathering of people from many walks of life, befriending one another and singing together, for a one-take festive experience. My hope is that it sparks some joy, and conjures some Christmas spirit at its gentlest, most communal, and most twinkling."


  The chapel is also the perfect backdrop to one of London's most atmospheric carol services. Carols by Candlelight takes place at the Compton Terrace venue on Sunday, December 22nd when a packed congregation will hear the story of the birth of Jesus told in spoken word, prayer and music by Union Chapel Voices, musicians and actors.


  Tickets are free but arrive early to avoid disappointment.


  Before that on December 14th is Country Hits Live Christmas Special - festive classics with a country twist and country hits fronted by UK singer Jade Helliwell, and direct from Nashville Lars Pluto.


  And on Sunday 15th December, Britten and Bach at Christmas is sung by renowned tenor Adrian Thompson with special guests the Highbury Youth Choir and baritone Jonathan Eyers.


  Union Chapel is home to The Margins Project, a charity supporting those facing homelessness. This Christmas it will be hosting a Margins Christmas lunch offering more than 100 people a nutritious meal in a warm and welcoming environment with community and companionship.


  All proceeds from gigs and events at Union Chapel go to supporting the charity's work.
   


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.