Glastonbury Festival revealed its first rounds of acts this week including this year's headliners. Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will be unleashing their hits on crowds at the Pyramid Stage this June.
Canadian songstress Shania Twain is set to perform in the 'Legends' slot on Sunday afternoon. Meanwhile, Bristol's Idles will be headlining the Other Stage, along with the National.
But away from the confirmed line-up, there are lots of rumours swirling around who will play at the event's famous secret gigs. Every year, organisers like to keep surprises back.
READ MORE: Glastonbury headliner SZA's painful reason she needed breast implants removed
Try BristolLive Premium for FREE with no ads and new features
In 2023, the Foo Fighters appeared on the timetable under the name 'the Churnups'. In previous years, the likes of Radiohead, Lady Gaga and the White Stripes have all popped up on smaller stages, performing to unsuspecting crowds.
Now, bookies have released their odds on who could play in 2024. The Killers are the 7/4 favourites to appear at Worthy Farm when the event returns between June 26 to 30.
Frontman Brandon Flowers is a huge fan of Glastonbury and has performed many times over the years, including during Elton John's emotional finale gig last year.
Harry Styles, who has been heavily rumoured to play a surprise set at Glastonbury in recent years, is second in the betting at 4/1, with Kings of Leon, who are also touring the UK this summer, third at 9/2.
Brit Pops legends Blur has been given 9/1 odds, while Pulp has 16/1. Below is a full list of the odds:
The Killers
7/4
Harry Styles
4/1
Kings of Leon
9/2
Rihanna
7/1
Blur
9/1
AC/DC
12/1
Pulp
16/1
Foo Fighters
20/1
Paul McCartney
25/1
Britney Spears
33/1
Dolly Parton
33/1
Elton John
50/1
Neil Roarty, spokesperson for betideas.com, said: “Following the huge announcement of this year’s Glastonbury line-up yesterday, attention now turns to which acts could grace the festival with a surprise secret set across the weekend. It’s Worthy Farm veterans The Killers that are the 7/4 favourites, with the indie band appearing to have a free slot in their tour calendar this summer, while Harry Style (4/1) and Kings of Leon (9/2) are also in the running.
“Other interesting selections in the market also include former headliners Paul McCartney (25/1) and Elton John (50/1), with the rumour mill set to go into overdrive between now and the end of June.”
Want the latest Bristol breaking news and top stories first? Click here to join our WhatsApp group. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.