Tickets on Sale this Friday, December 6 at 10:00 a.m. at Ticketmaster.com
Image courtesy of Summerfest.
MILWAUKEE, WI (December 3, 2024) – Summerfest presented by American Family Insurance is excited to welcome three-time, Grammy award-winning superstar Megan Thee Stallion, with special guest Flo Milli, to the American Family Insurance Amphitheater on Saturday, June 28, 2025.
Tickets go on sale Friday, December 6, 2024, at 10:00 a.m. at Summerfest.com and Ticketmaster.com and in person at the American Family Insurance Amphitheater Box Office and include admission to Summerfest the day of the show.
About Megan Thee Stallion
Hailing from Houston, Megan Thee Stallion is a three-time GRAMMY-winning recording artist, philanthropist and entrepreneur. She earned her third, Billboard Hot 100 No. 1 in Feb. 2024 with the release of her dynamic song “HISS,” which follows her other chart-topping hits such as “Savage (Remix)” with Beyoncé and “WAP” with Cardi B. Megan has been recognized for her musical achievements, including three GRAMMY wins, nine BET Awards, three VMA victories and multiple Billboard Music Awards for “Top Rap Female Artist.” Additionally, she has been honored for her advocacy efforts, having received the 2024 Catalyst for Change Award by Planned Parenthood, 2022 Special Achievement Award at The Webby Awards and the Trailblazer Award at the iHeartRadio Music Awards.


Megan made history in Nov. 2022, becoming the first Black woman to appear on the cover of Forbes’ prestigious Under 30 issue. She was previously recognized as one of TIME’s 100 Most Influential People of 2020 after publishing her monumental “Why I Speak Up For Black Women” op-ed for The New York Times. The multihyphenate has also dazzled in select acting roles, shining in “Dicks: The Musical” and making guest appearances on “Mean Girls” (2024), STARZ’s hit show “P-Valley” and “She-Hulk: Attorney at Law.” She also expanded her skillset by both hosting the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, Saturday Night Live along with co-hosting Late Night with Jimmy Fallon. She also spearheads the Pete and Thomas Foundation, a non-profit organization focused on uplifting and assisting women, children, senior citizens and underserved communities in Houston, Texas and across the world. The organization focuses on three core pillars that include – education, housing, and health + wellness. Megan’s philanthropic work was heralded by Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner, who presented her with the key to the city of Houston and a proclamation that officially designated May 2 as Megan Thee Stallion Day in her hometown.
About Flo Milli
With nearly 1 billion streams to date, 24-year-old, Alabama born rapper, Flo Milli has taken the world by storm in her rapid ascent. Milli released her first official track “Beef FloMix” on her SoundCloud in late 2018, she had gone viral by early 2019 on TikTok, marking her breakout success and she hasn’t let up since. Releasing tracks and visuals throughout 2019, she followed up with “In The Party” which has been streamed and viewed nearly 200 million times worldwide. Known for her bubbly delivery and aggressive bars, in July 2020 she took the internet by storm once again with the release of her debut mixtape, Ho, why is you here?. Adding to her accolades, she was nominated for Best New Artist at the 2021 BET Awards and Best Breakthrough Song at the MTV VMAs for her feature on Baby Tate’s “I Am”. She released her debut album, You Still Here, Ho? in July 2022 via RCA Records where creatively she paid homage to major pop culture moments with each visual.  To coincide with the release, she made her TV debut at MTV VMA’s on the Extended Play Stage presented by Doritos, multiple appearances at New York Fashion Week, and a debut headlining tour in partnership with Monster Energy Outbreak. She followed up with a deluxe of the release in 2023 coupled with her first ever Coachella set where she partnered with Pucci for custom outfits throughout the weekend. Milli has had other major partnerships with brands including Google Pixel, American Express, 7Eleven, NYX Cosmetics and many more. Her current single “Never Lose Me,” is in the top 25 on the Billboard Hot 100chart and most recently was number 1 on Billboard’s TikTok Top 50 for multiple consecutive weeks. She made her late-night television debut performing the track just last month on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. She has since released versions of the track with SZA, Cardi B, Lil Yachty and Bryson Tiller.
About Summerfest presented by American Family Insurance
Summerfest presented by American Family Insurance is one of the most iconic celebrations of music in America, hosting the industry’s biggest acts for an unforgettable live music experience. Since its inception in 1968, Summerfest continues to distinguish itself as a premier national music festival and has developed an unrivaled reputation, consistently featuring hundreds of performances across 12 stages, throughout the 75-acre festival grounds along Lake Michigan. Summerfest 2025 will take place June 19-21, June 26-28, and July 3-5. For the latest information, visit Summerfest.com, or Facebook, X, Instagram and TikTok: @Summerfest.
Milwaukee World Festival, Inc., producer of Summerfest, continues to fulfill its nonprofit mission of bringing the community together and providing a showcase for performing arts, activities, and recreation to the public, through music and special events.
NOTE: This press release was submitted to Urban Milwaukee and was not written by an Urban Milwaukee writer. While it is believed to be reliable, Urban Milwaukee does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness.
You must be an Urban Milwaukee member to leave a comment. Membership, which includes a host of perks, including an ad-free website, tickets to marquee events like Summerfest, the Wisconsin State Fair and the Florentine Opera, a better photo browser and access to members-only, behind-the-scenes tours, starts at $9/month. Learn more.
Join now and cancel anytime.
If you are an existing member, sign-in to leave a comment.
Have questions? Need to report an error? Contact Us
Join Today
Buy a Gift Membership
Read more Press Releases
More New Faces
Take the next step, become a member.
Ditch the ads, get free stuff
This ad will close automatically in 15 seconds.
Tired of seeing banner ads on Urban Milwaukee? Become a member for $9/month.