By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

	After more than a week of counting down its 100 Best Albums of All Time, Apple Music has released its top 10 tally, with Ms. Lauryn Hill’s seminal 1998 debut “The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill” earning top honors.

	Behind Ms. Hill’s iconic album sit Michael Jackson’s “Thriller,” the Beatles’ “Abbey Road,” Prince’s “Purple Rain,” Frank Ocean’s “Blonde,” Stevie Wonder’s “Songs in the Key of Life,” Kendrick Lamar’s “good kid, m.A.A.d city,” Amy Winehouse’s “Back to Black,” Nirvana’s “Nevermind” and Beyoncé’s “Lemonade,” which rounds out the top 10.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					How to Watch NBA Play-In Tournament 2025 Online Without Cable		
			








	Apple Music’s list has been a social media lightning rod since launching on May 13. Some have taken issue with the lack of Latin, country, jazz and dance albums that have helped shape contemporary music; others took the ranking itself to task for favoring recent albums over older, more foundational ones.




			Popular on Variety		






	The full list, which counted down in increments of 10 albums per day, featured an assortment of records spanning decades, from SZA’s “SOS” and Taylor Swift’s “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” to Bruce Springsteen’s “Born to Run” and Beach Boys’ “Pet Sounds.”

	“Miseducation,” which tops the list, was a breakthrough for Ms. Hill, who became the first rap artist to win album of the year at the 1999 Grammy Awards. In a statement shared via Apple Music, she stated that her surroundings and influences deserve just as much credit as she does in receiving the honor.

	“I appreciate the acknowledgement, I really do, but I’d be remiss not to also acknowledge all of the music and artists who informed and inspired me,” she said. “The leaders of community and movements that sparked me, the social dynamics and music scenes, both older and current at the time that intrigued and inspired me to contribute. The educators, both literal and not so literal, and the experiences that shaped me. My parents, my family, my friends, my community, where I come from, who I come from… I wanted that same flame that inspired me to remain, I couldn’t bare to see it lost. I made what I wanted to see and hear exist in the world at the time. I’m grateful that it connected and continues to connect with so many people. Thank you to EVERYONE who was a part of it, to EVERYONE who supported its release and movement around the world, even those who were reluctant at first, because it unleashed an indomitable creative will which again just exemplifies how much love was invested in me. Thank you tons to every careful listener, thank you to every casual listener, and love to all the artists and those who support them fighting the good, courageous, and noble fight of presenting the art you love to a world that desperately needs it.”

	










	Check out the top 10 of Apple Music’s 100 Best Albums below:

	10. Lemonade – Beyoncé

	9. Nevermind – Nirvana

	8. Back to Black – Amy Winehouse

	7. good kid, m.A.A.d city (Deluxe Version) – Kendrick Lamar

	6. Songs in the Key of Life – Stevie Wonder

	5. Blonde – Frank Ocean

	4. Purple Rain – Prince & The Revolution

	3. Abbey Road – The Beatles

	2. Thriller – Michael Jackson

	1. The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill – Lauryn Hill
The Business of Entertainment