Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury Festival is set to open its gates this week, on Wednesday, June 26. Music enthusiasts from all over the country will be flocking to Glastonbury in Somerset to partake in one of the most significant music events of the year.
This year's headliners include Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, with Shania Twain gracing the Sunday afternoon legend slot. In addition to the top-tier music performances, the festival also boasts a wide array of stalls and activities.
Many attendees, both within and outside Worthy Farm, may be curious about the food and drink prices for this year. The Glastonbury Festival site houses more than 100 bars, offering an assortment of cocktails, coffees and soft drinks.
READ MORE Glastonbury Festival 2024: Carhenge details revealed with 'hypnotic show of lights' set
READ MORE Glastonbury Festival: How to sleep in a hot and noisy tent
We've detailed below the drink prices at the San Remo bar, located between the Pyramid Stage, Woodsies and Silver Hayes, and the Village Inn, situated to the left of The Pyramid Stage when facing it and just below The Kidney Mead camping area.
Draught
Cans
Wines
Spirits and mixer
Cocktails
Soft Drinks
Cocktails
Shots and spirits
Beer and cider
Wine
Soft drinks and water
Coffee and tea
The food options vary in price depending on toppings, portions, meals and businesses.
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.