Capital XTRA




                
                    Jourds
                
                

4pm - 7pm


Hold Yuh

                        

    
    Gyptian
    

                    

Download 'Hold Yuh' on iTunes



                        
                            News
                            



8 January 2025, 15:28

        
            By Anna Suffolk
        
    
When is Mac Miller's lost album “Balloonerism” being released? What is the tracklist and who might feature on the project?
Mac Miller's posthumous album called 'Balloonerism' is coming soon and its track list has just been revealed for the very first time. 
Titled 'Balloonerism', this 'lost' project from Mac Miller, who tragically died in 2018, is set to be released this January after almost a decade after Mac recorded it. 
So, when does Mac Miller's new album 'Balloonerism' get released and who might feature on it? Here's everything we know. 
Mac Miller's lost project will be arriving on January 17, 2025, with the album even getting a preview thanks to a two-and-a-half minute trailer aired at Tyler The Creator's Camp Flog Gnaw festival in Los Angeles. 
The trailer features multiple animated moments before an image of the supposed album cover with the message 'soon'. 
The album cover featured at the end of the trailer features a painting of Miller by artist Alim Smith, which is the artwork. 
Balloonerism 🎈 pic.twitter.com/AOmEXOPUlR
The tracklist for Mac Miller's upcoming posthumous album has now been officially confirmed. 
The album will contain 14 tracks, which has been a decade in the making. Balloonerism was recorded over 10 years ago, between Miller’s album Watching Movies With The Sound Off (2013) and his Faces (2014) mixtape.
The trailer played at the festival “The Song That Changed Everything,” allegedly featuring SZA, and “5 Dollar Pony Rides,” both of which fans have speculated were intended for the original album.
Mac's only feature is SZA, as well as Delusional Thomas, which is one of his alter egos. 
Mac has collaborated with some of the world's biggest musicians, including Migel, Ariana Grande and Lil Wayne.
Mac Miller fans have known about 'Balloonerism' for almost a decade. The late rapper was said to have recorded the project before his 2014 mixtape 'Faces' over a week. 
In 2020, songs including “Do You Have a Destination,” “Uber” and “The Song That Changed Everything” popped up on the Internet, with SZA and Dylan Reynolds apparently featured on a few of the tracks. 
In a statement accompanying news of the upcoming release, Miller's family said: "Many of Malcolm’s fans are aware of Balloonerism, a full-length album that Malcolm created around the time of the release of Faces in 2014. It is a project that was of great importance to Malcolm—to the extent that he commissioned artwork for it and discussions concerning when it should be released were had regularly, though ultimately GO:OD AM and subsequent albums ended up taking precedence.
See more Latest Music News
Tickets
Tickets
Tickets