The concert takes place live at the Kia Forum on Juneteenth (June 19) and is streaming free on Amazon Prime Video.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Kendrick Lamar rapped, “Sometimes you gotta pop out and show ni**as,” on his chart-topping “Not Like Us” release and with his latest announcement, the Compton rapper proves to be a man of his word. The Grammy-winning musician shared details for The Pop Out: Ken And Friends, a concert set to take place in Inglewood, Calif., at the Kia Forum on Juneteenth (June 19) and streaming free on Amazon Prime Video.

	Presented by Lamar and Dave Free’s pgLang and Tim Hinshaw’s Free Lunch Agency, presale tickets for the concert will be available on Thursday (June 6) at 10 a.m. PT via the Cash App Card. General ticket sales begin on Friday at 10 a.m. PT. on Ticketmaster.com here. You can also find tickets on sites like Vivid Seats and Stubhub. Amazon Prime memebrs can stream Lamar’s concert, meantime, on Prime Video here (not a Prime member? Get a 30-day free trial here to livestream the Kendrick concert online for free).

	The promotional flyer for the anticipated event features airbrushed roses, dice, and praying hands above a license plate that lists the show details. 
	Related Story


					8 Times Kendrick Lamar Features Made The Song


	Fans can anticipate some heavy hitters joining the DAMN rapper as friends. While he has not shared any details, Kendrick Lamar has ties to several artists, recently collaborating with Mustard, Metro Boomin, and Future. Additionally, he has longstanding relationships with musicians including former Top Dawg Entertainment labelmates such as SiR, SZA, and ScHoolboy Q, his familial protégé Baby Keem, and West Coast talent ranging from YG to Dr. Dre. 

	The show also comes two days following Kendrick Lamar’s 37th birthday. 

	With a heavy Rolodex, it is clear that one name is not in K. Dot’s friend list. The concert comes as his beef with Drake sits at a standstill, with both parties not releasing new diss tracks since last month when Lamar fired back at Drizzy’s “Family Matters” with “Meet The Grahams,” and the aforementioned “Not Like Us.”

	Performing the scathing records in an arena full of supporters could reignite the flames as the most quotable lines are direct shots at the Take Care rapper and his immediate circle.  
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.