KALAMAZOO, MI – Jeffrey Lillard has a large photo behind his desk at his Western Michigan University office.
Pictured is his son, Jeffrey Lillard Jr., zoomed in on his face, smiling at the camera.
Lillard Jr., who friends and family affectionately call “JJ,” died Sept. 29, nine days after being struck by a car. He was biking to his job as a custodian at WMU. He was 24.
JJ’s death was a shock, his father Jeffrey Lillard said. The family is still learning how to cope.
“We all believed he was going to make it, still,” Jeffrey Lillard said. On his desk was JJ’s death certificate and a stack of memorial tribute cards.
JJ’s sister Janessa Lillard has only “20%” accepted the reality that her brother is gone. She still sees JJ in her dreams. It hurts to wake up to a reality where JJ’s not here.
After a dozen surgeries, JJ, an avid biker, died from a brain bleed the week after the crash, Jeffrey Lillard said.
“They said that he was a miracle to get to where he was. … He was healthy as an ox, he’s 24-years-old. He’s young,” Jeffrey Lillard said. “It hit like a rock.”
“Kalamazoo County Undersheriff Michelle Greenlee said the case has been sent to the prosecutor’s office for moving violation causing death. The prosecutor’s office will decide whether to charge the driver.”
Friends remember Jeffrey Lillard by meeting at Satellite Records in Kalamazoo, Michigan, on Tuesday, Nov. 26, 2024. Lillard, 24, died in late September. He was best known for his infectious personality, love of music and anime and ability to get everyone on the dance floor. Lillard had a way of connecting with people deeply whether that be on long car rides, at open mics or just hanging out.Devin Anderson-Torrez | MLive.com
Jeffrey Lillard has worked at WMU for 31 years. But JJ knew more people than he did after just two years working at WMU. People started recognizing Jeffrey Lillard as JJ’s dad, the elder Lillard said.
JJ greeted everyone with a smile and an “aggressively” firm handshake or fist bump, Jeffrey Lillard said.
Meeting JJ was like a “shock” to the system, JJ’s sister Janessa Lillard said.
“Society works in a certain way and he’s just completely outside of that box,” Janessa Lillard said.
JJ walked into rooms full of strangers and walked out knowing everyone.
“Jay didn’t believe in strangers,” Lillard said. “He didn’t like anybody around him not smiling or having a good day.”
More than 1,000 people attended JJ’s memorial, Jeffrey Lillard said. Some knew JJ from his studies at Kalamazoo Valley Community College, his membership of WMU’s Fellowship of Christian Athletes or JJ’s love for music in the Vine neighborhood.
“Everybody loved J,” Jeffrey Lillard said. “J loved everybody.”
JJ was “a light for a lot of people,” Jeffrey Lillard said. He wrote poetry and performed at readings in Kalamazoo and Grand Rapids. And he always had a “motivational Monday” word for those around him.
At a memorial celebration hosted by JJ’s friends at WMU, they played one of his poems over the loudspeaker.
Jeffrey Lillard instinctually started looking around for JJ.
JJ had a lot of energy, his best friend Devyn Abdullah-Bush said. He was also a good listener.
“JJ is the only friend I’ve ever had who, every single day, he would hit me up,” Abdullah-Bush said.
Fifteen years into their friendship, they developed an elaborate handshake they performed every time they said goodbye, along with saying “I love you.”
But when they left a poetry reading the night before the car crash, they didn’t do the handshake.
“I wish I could have gotten that last, ‘I love you’ in there,” Abdullah-Bush said. “But sometimes when things are known, they don’t need to be explained.”
While JJ was in the hospital, one of his legs was amputated. He was an example of resilience, so family and friends compared him to a superhero like “The Flash.”
JJ loved to bike, regardless of the distance. Janessa Lillard would drive by her brother in the streets while he was on his bike, often wearing a white tank top.
Abdullah-Bush would call JJ after passing him to ask, “Did I just see you on your bike? Do you know how cold it is?” But JJ never felt it.
“He constantly did his big one,” Abdullah-Bush said.
JJ’s last “big one” was biking five hours to Grand Rapids to perform at a poetry reading.
No one could tell him not to do something he set his mind to.
It’s hard for Janessa Lillard to see a day where she’ll move past the first stage of grief. Each day brings different memory triggers.
For Jeffrey Lillard, one trigger is, “Sometimes it Snows in April” by Prince & The Revolution.
For Abdullah-Bush, it’s SZA’s album “SOS.” When the album was released, JJ found it at Satellite Records because he knew Abdullah-Bush needed to have it.
Friends remember Jeffrey Lillard by meeting at Satellite Records in Kalamazoo, Michigan, on Tuesday, Nov. 26, 2024. Lillard, 24, died in late September. He was best known for his infectious personality, love of music and anime and ability to get everyone on the dance floor. Lillard had a way of connecting with people deeply whether that be on long car rides, at open mics or just hanging out.Devin Anderson-Torrez | MLive.com
Janessa Lillard and JJ have several half- and stepsiblings. But she was always closest with JJ, she said.
“He is the only sibling that really brags about me being his sister,” Janessa Lillard said. “We claimed each other ... everybody knew we were related.”
They even told stories as a pair.
JJ would prompt a memory and Janessa Lillard would explain the backstory to whomever else was around.
One time, the two were ordering pasta with their mother and their mother mispronounced “parmesan.” After that, JJ would say “par-me-shein” out of nowhere for laughs, Janessa Lillard said.
Now, Janessa Lillard’s left with a wealth of inside jokes and shared experiences only JJ understands.
She used to anticipate her future kids meeting their “Uncle JJ,” but now that’ll never happen.
Janessa Lillard, JJ and Jeffrey Lillard used to joke about naming her future daughter “Janessa Jr.,” Janessa Lillard said.
“Girls don’t get juniors,” her father would say.
“If you get one, I get one,” she’d respond.
But now, naming her daughter Janessa Jr. is a non-negotiable, Janessa Lillard said.
Because then, her daughter will be JJ, too.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices