Listen up, American Idiots and Basket Cases.
Rock and Roll Hall of Famers Green Day are returning to the road from July through September as part of their upcoming ‘Saviors Tour’ in support of their upcoming 14th studio album with special guests Smashing Pumpkins, Rancid and The Linda Lindas on select dates.
That includes a stop at the Mets’ own Citi Field in Flushing, NY on Monday, Aug. 5.
“We’ve never been more excited to unleash new music than with ‘Saviors,’ a record that’s meant to be rocked live, together,” the band said in a statement. “So let’s thrash.”
In addition to “Saviors,” Green Day is also celebrating a few milestones in 2024. This year, “American Idol” and “Dookie” turn 20 and 30 years old, respectively.
Want to rock out with Billie Joe, Tré Cool and Mike Dirnt this summer?
As of now, you can for very reasonable prices.
At the time of publication, our team found some tickets going for as low as $46 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Other shows have seats starting anywhere from $56 to $141 before fees.
If you’re still on the fence, we’re here to help.
Our team has everything you need to know and more about Green Day’s 2024 ‘Saviors Tour’ below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
While we don’t know much about the full lineup, Green Day, Noah Kahan and SZA have been announced as the first headliners for next year’s Osheaga Music and Arts Festival.
You can grab three-day passes for the fest taking place Friday, Aug. 2 through Sunday, Aug. 4 here.
Although their 2024 set list will likely incorporate new tracks from the upcoming “Saviors,” here’s what Billie Joe, Tré Cool and co. played at their last non-festival headlining gig in 2023, courtesy of Set List FM:
01.) “Burnout”02.) “Having a Blast”03.) “Chump”04.) “Longview”05.) “Welcome to Paradise”06.) “Pulling Teeth”07.) “Basket Case”08.) “She”09.) “Sassafras Roots”10.) “When I Come Around”11.) “Coming Clean”12.) “Emenius Sleepus”13.) “In the End”14.) “F.O.D.”15.) “All By Myself”16.) “The American Dream Is Killing Me”17.) “Geek Stink Breath”18.) “One of My Lies”19.) “Oh Love”20.) “Stuart and the Ave.”21.) “Disappearing Boy”22.) “Graffitia”23.) “Letterbomb”24.) “Last Night on Earth”25.) “Father of All…”26.) “Nuclear Family”27.) “Warning”28.) “Revolution Radio”29.) “Homecoming”
On Jan. 19, Green Day is dropping their 14th studio album “Saviors.”
As of now, only four singles have been released — the equally anthemic “The American Dream Is Killing Me,” “Look Ma, No Brains,” “One Eyed Bastard” and “Dilemma.”
The band called the record “raw and emotional, funny and disturbing. It’s a laugh at the pain, weep in the happiness kind of record.”
They say the power pop/punk/rock record will touch on “indie triumph. disease, war, inequality, influencers, yoga retreats, alt right, dating apps, masks, MENTAL HEALTH, climate change, oligarchs, social media division, free weed, fentanyl, fragility” and more on Instagram.
You can hear the already-released quartet of tracks here.
At all gigs, Green Day will be joined by a number of high-profile opening acts.
To make sure you’re not lost, here’s each special guest’s most streamed song on Spotify:
Smashing Pumpkins: “1979”
Rancid: “Time Bomb”
The Linda Lindas: “Oh!”
Many acts that broke big during the Beanie Baby era are returning to the road this year and next.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live in the very near future.
• Foo Fighters
• Blink-182
• Red Hot Chili Peppers
• Third Eye Blind
• Alanis Morissette
Who else is firing up the old tour buses next year? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concerts in 2024 here to find out.