Glastonbury fans have a final chance at securing a ticket for the 2024 festival on Sunday - but only a very limited number of tickets will be available.
In the main sale in November, ticket holders had to pay a £75 deposit before then securing their ticket by paying the full balance during the first week of April. Any of those tickets that went unsold are now going back on sale, giving hopeful festival fans one last change to secure entry to the much-loved event.
The iconic festive takes place from June 26 to 30 this year, returning to Worthy Farm in Somerset. Dua Lipa, Coldplay and Sza will headline this year's festival, while Shania Twain will play the legends slot on Sunday.
READ MORE: Glastonbury fans issue same complaint as first resale tickets sell out
Also taking to the Pyramid Stage will be LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz and Burna Boy, while the Other Stage will see performances from The National, Avril Lavigne, Camila Cabello and The Last Dinner Party.
A very limited number of general admission tickets will be made available from 9am on Sunday April 21. The tickets will not be available to everyone however, as you must have already pre-registered for tickets prior to the resale.
Coach tickets - which included general admission to the festival - went on resale on Thursday April 19. Those who missed out took to social media to vent their frustration.
Here's what you need to know if you're looking to purchase general admission tickets.
The resale takes place at 9am on Sunday evening (April 21). The tickets are expected to be snapped up in a matter on minutes so you will need to be quick.
You can only purchase the tickets through See Tickets here.
Those purchasing tickets in the resale need to pay the full amount upfront - which is £355 plus a £5 booking fee per ticket. Customers are limited to four tickets per transaction.
If you are booking for another person you will need their registration number and postcode to be able to get them a ticket. Organisers recommend getting these ready ahead of time.
It is not clear how many tickets will be available in the resale, but the number will be very limited, organiser Emily Eavis has hinted. After the ticket balance window closed earlier this month, she said the festival had seen the "highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever", suggesting there will be fewer tickets than usual up for grabs in this resale.
Some people suggested only a handful of coach tickets were available for each location earlier this week but of course we do not know if that really was the case.
Tickets are notoriously hard to get hold of as demand is far higher than the number of tickets available. Because of this, Glastonbury has issued a useful explanation around how the sale works, and some advice for the best way to handle the resale.
It states that only a limited number of people will be given access to the booking site at any one time. While you are waiting to access the booking site, you will be held at a page that will automatically refresh every 20 seconds until there is space on the booking page. You can increase your chances of getting on the booking page by refreshing the page manually - but hitting refresh too often could get you booted out.
Once you're on the booking site, you will be asked to enter the registration number and registered postcode for the lead booker and anyone else you want to buy tickets for. On the next page, you will be able to see the details you have provided and check they are correct.
Then, once you reach the payment page, you will have five minutes to submit your payment information.
Glastonbury warns that you may be unable to book a ticket if you make a mistake or take too long, so it's important to check your details carefully. It states: "Your registration numbers will be locked for up to 10 minutes if your details are entered incorrectly, an attempt to book is already held against your registration number, or your five minutes on the booking page ends. If the transaction fails and tickets are still available, your registration number will be released to give you the chance to try again."
It adds that if the page "hangs" and you can’t get any further, you should try "pressing back once" before continuing with the booking and if that doesn’t help, you can try closing your browser and starting again.
Tickets can be purchased via See Tickets here for as long as they are available.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.