+HOT NEWS 2 January 12th 2024 
Anthony Anderson is kicking off the new year hosting a game show with his mom Doris `’We are Family’ on Fox and he’s hosting the 76th annual strike delayed Emmy Awards on January 15th. 
In theaters now American Fiction starring Jeffrey Wright. The female stars of the movie are now gracing the cover of the new Essence Magazine. Erika Alexander, Tracee Ellis Ross and Issa Rae. 
Dave Chappelle has a new Netflix Comedy special It’s called The Dreamer 
The Temptations Musical ‘Ain’t Too Proud to Beg is coming to Philly Jan 3-21. Tickets are on sale now! At the Academy of Music. 
Kevin Hart and Chris Rock have joined  forces for a new Netflix Documentary and concert film. Headliners Only is streaming now. Earlier this year the comic Giants joined forces to go on a short tour of New York and New Jersey. We get to see the behind the scenes of the tour. In other Kevin Hart News Kevin Harts new Netflix movie Lift about a hijacked airplane starts streaming January 12 
Singer Glen Jones at Wilsons 709 Warwick Road Hi Nella New Jersey Sunday January 14th 
Get ready for the All Stars of Hip Hop Mixtape Live 24 Sunday January 14th at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City with KRS-1, MC Lyte, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Flavor Flav and Big Daddy Kane to Name a few. 
Uncle Charlie, Charlie Wilson is coming to Atlantic City. Saturday January 14th at the Hard Rock Casino in Atlantic City. 
Get ready for the All Stars of Hip Hop Mixtape Live 24 Sunday January 14th at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City with KRS-1, MC Lyte, DJ Jazzy Jeff, Flavor Flav and Big Daddy Kane to Name a few. 
The Stage production ‘Living All Alone’ the story of Phyliss Hyan is coming to Philly. February 3rd at the Academy of Music. Two Shows Tickets are on sale now. 
The Grammy Awards are airing February 4th on CBS. THE 66TH annual Grammy Awards has added three new categories Including Best Alternative Jazz, Best Pop Dance and Best African Music Performer. Singer Sza is leading the nominations with 9. Other Grammy Nominees Burna Boy, Babyface, Coco Jones, Summer Walker, Taylor Swift, and Miley Cyrus. Rapper Nicky Minaj has received her first Grammy Nomination in 7 years. Meanwhile check out Nicy Minaj as she opens up about her life as the cover girl of the latest Vogue Magazine. Ice Spice, Country music sensation Jelly Roll and Coco Jones are up for new artist of the year. Trevor Noah is hosting. 
Usher is coming to the Superbowl!   Usher is set to headline 2024 Superbowl Halftime Show. The date is Sunday February 11th in Las Vegas.            
Actress Sanaa Lathan is joining Season the Hit HBO Show Curb your Enthusiasm. The Show stars Larry David and JB Smoove. One of the funniest shows on TV. No word on what character Lathan would play. Curb your enthusiasm returns in February on HBO. This will be the final season of the show. 
Boys To Men February 17 2024 at the Met Broad and Poplar 
Get ready for the Valentine Love jam tour. Sunday February 18th at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Atlantic City. Russell Thompkins Jr and the Stylistics, Bloodstone, Heatwave, The Intruders and the Manhattans with Sonny Bivins. 
Shows coming to town include October London with his rebirth of Marvin Tour. He sounds like Marvin Gaye. He’s coming to Union Transfer on Monday February 19th 10th and Spring Garden streets. 
Get Ready for Katt Williams! Williams is coming to Atlantic City with his Dark Matters Tour. Saturday February 17th at the Boardwalk Hall. I hear a Philly show is coming. 
Get ready for the Bob Marley story. Bob Marley died in 1981 at the age of 36 from Cancer. Marley was a pioneer of Reggae, ska and Rock Reggae. Actor Kingsley Ben Adir who played Malcolm X in the movie One Night in Miami is playing the Reggae Great. The movie is being directed by Renaldo Marcus Green who directed the movie ‘King Richard. Marley left behind a legacy of music including the classics ‘Could you be loved, One Love, Jammin, to name a few. Marley was an artist and activist. The movie is being supported by the Marley Family and it’s coming out in February  14th 2024. 
Get ready for the animated version of Good Times coming to Netflix. Good times is based on the 70’s TV Show that starred Ester Rolle, John Amos and Jimmie JJ Walker. The animated reboot will feature the voices of JB Smoove, Jay Pharoah and Yvette Nicole Brown 
Upcoming Events 
Keith Sweat and Tyreese February 22nd at the Liacouras Center Broad and Montgomey 
Marlon Wayans Live Casino in Philly March 8th 
Tamia and Joe at the Hard Rock Casino in Atlantic City March 9th 
Keyshia Cole the Love Tour with Jaheim, K-Michelle, and Trey Songz at the Liacouras Center March 17th. Singer K Michelle is returning to reality TV in the Peacock show Queens Court; Ready for Love hosted by Holly and Rodney Peete. 
Donnie Mcclurken Mother's Day show May 12th at the Liacouras Center 
Late night Talk show host Jimmy Kimmel is returning to host the Academy awards. The 96th Academy Awards airs Sunday night March 10th. 
West Phila Native Colman Domingo is starring in the new movie ‘Bayard’ Bayard Rustin was very instrumental part of the 1963 March on Washington. He was a close advisor to Dr. King but his role in the civil rights movement was pushed aside because he was an openly Gay Man. He fought for equality and human rights and now his story is finally being told. The movie also stars Chris Rock, Glynn Turman and Audra McDonald. The movie is streaming on Netflix. 
New Edition has announced their Las Vegas Residency at the Wynn. Feb 28-March 6 
Singer Ledisi will be performing at the Met Broad and Poplar March 9th with Raheem Devaughn and BJ The Chicago Kid 
Genius the latest docuseries from National Geo will be presenting their next Docuseries' next February. The Lives of Martin Luther King Jr and Malcolm X. Two men with dueling Philosophies who helped usher America into the Civil Rights Movement. The 8-part docuseries will start streaming in February on National GEO, Disney Plus and HULU. 
Tennis sensation Serena Williams is ready to tell in a new intimate memoir and she also wants to write a book helping young women. 
Rupaul is ready to tell all in a new memoir based on his life. The book is coming out in March. 
The Wiz is returning to Broadway. Singer Avery Wilson who was season 3 of the Voice will be laying the scarecrow. Singer Deborah Cox is playing Glenda the good Witch and Wayne Brady is playing oz. Kandi Burruss of The Real Housewives of Atlanta is producing the show along with her husband Todd. Singer Nichelle Lewis a Singer and Songwriter from Virginia will be playing Dorothy. She was discovered on Tik Tok. The revival hits Broadway next Spring. 
After a major health scare Madonna is back on track with her Celebration Tour. Madonna is celebrating 40 Years in show business and she’s coming to the Wells Fargo Center Jan. 25th 2024.  
Spiderman across the Spiderverse is now available on Video on DEMAND 
Disney’s The Little Mermaid  starring Halle Bailey is now available for screening on Disney Plus. 
Get ready for Bad Boys 4 with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence hitting Theatres June 24th 2024 . Also coming out Next Summer. Eddie Murphy Axel Foley Beverly Hills Cop 4 on Netflix.                                                                                                                                                            
Dwayne The Rock Johnson has signed on for another Fast and Furious spinoff featuring his character, Luke Hobbs. Meanwhile Fast and Furious 10 part two is set 2025 release. 
Janet Jackson says she’s ready for a movie to be made about her life. It would start from her life as a child star, her TV Years, teen stardom and breaking away from her dad and taking Control of her life with Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis. Janet Jackson is preparing another documentary about her life for Lifetime/A&E Network. ‘Family First’ will take viewers behind the scenes of her new tour ‘Together Again. Janet is celebrating her 50th Anniversary in show business and her brother Randy is producing this documentary. 
I am now part of the Philadelphia Music Alliance Walk of Fame. My bronze plague is on Broad Street. Broad and Pine in front of The University of The Arts. 
Judge Greg Mathis is joining The Byron Allen TV Network with a new court show Judge Mathis debuts this Fall. 
The Michael Jackson movie has found their Michael. Jermaine Jackson son Jaafar Jackson will be playing his famous Uncle. The Michael Jackson movie ‘Michael' is being directed by Antoine Fugua. He recently did Emancipation with Will Smith. And the movies the Equalizer and Training Day with Denzel Washington. 
`	 
The man behind The Marvel Classics Spiderman, Black Panther, The Avengers, The X-MEN ,The Hulk and Fantastic four Stan Lee is going to be the subject of a new documentary that will air on Disney Plus next year. 
The Mike Epps, Wanda Sykes Netflix comedy The Upshaw's has been renewed for a third season. It is airing now on Netflix. 
Get ready for more of the Wayans Family. Damon Wayans Sr and Damon Wayan Jr. The Father and Son are teaming up for a new comedy show on CBS.                                                                                                                                                                   HBO is making a documentary about the STAX music label founded by Al Bell. The documentary will focus on the stars of the label including Otis Redding, Sam & Dave, Booker T’s and The MG’s The Emotions, Isaac Hayes and the Stape Singers. 
If you would like more info please email me at PattyJackson@iHeartMedia.com or check me out with my midday reports at 10:30am, 12:30pm and 2:30pm during the day on 105.3 Wdasfm. Or join me on Social Media Twitter:Mspattyjackson Instagram Wdaspatty and Facebook Patty Jackson and on Youtube Patty Jackson