By CAROLINA PIRAS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  02:05, 29 April 2024   |  Updated:  08:40, 29 April 2024   
 24
View  comments
Dua Lipa and her boyfriend Callum Turner continued to live up to their fairy-tale romance as they were seen putting on a very smitten display while out and about in New York City.
The pop favourite, 28, and the hunky actor, 34, looked every inch of the loved-up couple as they barely took their hands off each other during the Sunday outing.
They locked hands while enjoying their sunny stroll, and they seemed to be sharing a passionate smooch before stopping.
The couple packed on the PDA and both looked glowing, giggling with one another.
The Physical hitmaker looked effortlessly stylish as usual in denim and a fitting black shirt with chic shoulder pads.
Dua Lipa and her boyfriend Callum Turner continued to live up to their fairy-tale romance as they were seen putting on a very smitten display while out and about in New York City
The pop favourite, 28, and the hunky actor, 34, looked every inch of the loved-up couple as they barely took their hands off each other during the outing
The Physical hitmaker looked effortlessly stylish as usual in denim and a fitting black shirt with chic shoulder pads
During a daily outing with Callum on Saturday, the singer appeared to have a sweet picture of them together as her phone's lock screen
Dua also rocked denim with a belt and opted for low black heels, and had the essentials in an embroidered black shoulder bag.
Her burgundy locks were tied in a ponytail with braids, and she added one final stylish touch with oval animal-print shades.
Meanwhile the Masters Of Air actor proved to be quite the minimalist when it comes to fashion, opting the same cool ensemble of the prior day.
He donned a maroon leather bomber jacket, white T-shirt and black trousers.
The new power couple is what everyone has been recently talking about in the showbiz world, stepping often in public and not shying away from some smooch-filled outings.
Just the prior day, the lovebirds were also seen enjoying a stroll in the streets of SoHo. 
Dua displayed her love for the actor as she appeared to have a sweet picture of them together as her phone's lock screen.
And on Friday night, Dua and the British heartthrob put on another smitten display as sh hid behind Callum.
Dua and Callum have become one of the showbiz world's new power couples 
The pair seemed relaxed in each other's company as they went about their day in New York
Dua rocked denim with a belt and opted for low black heels, and had the essentials in an embroidered black shoulder bag
Stepping out for dinner at Via Carota in New York City, she sweetly placed her hands in his pockets as they both laughed.  
While the actor sported the same ensemble, Dua wore a bright yellow jumper with a red heart print, grey washed out jeans and a leather jacket for their date night. 
The three-time Grammy winner began dating Callum in January following her 2023 split from French director Romain Gavras, 42. 
She previously dated Anwar Hadid for two and half years, but the former couple parted ways in 2021.  
Dua and Callum have been linked since January when the IDGAF singer was spotted supporting him at the premiere after-party for his latest series.
In an interview with Rolling Stone she said: 'Dating, I think overall, is just a little confusing.
'It’s either through friends of friends or people you trust where you can meet new people, because [dating] is not really so straightforward when you are, I guess, a public person.'
 Dua, which translates to 'love' in Albanian, is just starting out the relationship with Turner as the two get to know each other.
In early January, their relationship was confirmed when they were seen slow dancing together after heading out for a date night.
The couple, who spend a lot of time out together, is frequently spotted at post award ceremony events.
In February, they attended the 66th Grammy's after-party together looking glamorous as if straight out of a magazine cover. 
Then, they were photographed in a romantic embrace earlier this month while driving to a Brit Awards after-party as the singer rested her hand on his thigh.
2024 is set to be quite the year for the pop sensation as she is a part of the Glastonbury Music Festival lineup in England alongside SZA and Coldplay. 
But that's not all, her highly anticipated third studio album - Radical Optimism - is slated for a May 3 release.
Just last month the starlet dropped the first single Training Season which is said to be featured on the forthcoming record.
Dua and Callum have been linked since January when the IDGAF singer was spotted supporting him at the premiere after-party for his latest series (pictured in February leaving Annabel's)
Dua dated French director Romain Gavras, 42, but the couple shortly called it quits in 2023 (pictured with Romain in May 2023)

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group