Issa Rae may be insecure, but she knows how to secure a bag.
Since the end of her groundbreaking show Insecure, her presence on-screen has gradually declined. But that doesn’t mean she isn’t still working. 
The producer-actress recently opened a restaurant in Los Angeles, once again, paying homage to the city she is from. The establishment, called Somerville, is meant to be an inviting space for everyone – locals and tourists alike. Its ambiance aims to offer customers a historic experience of Black South Central LA. 
Source: Variety / Getty
Actors like Tracee Ellis Ross, comedian Lil Rel, and her Insecure co-star Yvonne Orji were all in attendance for Sommerville’s opening last weekend. 
On Nov. 25, she shared a short clip on Instagram giving followers a sneak peak of the restaurant along with some of the dishes featured on the menu. 
In the caption, she wrote,  “Always wanted a neighborhood lounge to complement the special community that is View Park-Windsor Hills. The genius GVO Gentlemen said, how about a restaurant? @somerville.slauson — an ode to the classic, artistic past of Black South Central L.A? And sure, the ambience will be fantastic, but the food and cocktails will keep you coming back.”
The carefully selected menu provides a range of options for their customers. This includes elevated dishes like steaks and a lamb shank, to more casual foods like a burger or roasted chicken. 
According to the website, “Each dish captures the bold and savory essence of California, blending traditional influences with modern techniques to elevate every bite.” 
Customers are also provided a vast selection of alcoholic beverages whether it be cocktails, wines, or beers. 
This restaurant is just one of several business ventures that the Hoorae founder has spinning. She is currently producing a new film called One Of Them Days starring Keke Palmer and Grammy Award-winning artist SZA. Rae also became a prosecco proprietor after releasing her own prosecco last year called Viarae. Not only that, but Rae is the co-founder of Sienna Naturals, which is a vegan hair care line.
One thing that seems to be a theme in all of her endeavors and projects is community and good vibes. So it’s no surprise that in addition to all of the above, Rae also has a partnership with two co-founders of a community cafe called Hilltop Coffee and Community. 
So while she may not be on screens as much, Rae still has her hands full behind the scenes. 
RELATED CONTENT: ‘For Catchin’ Up Or Turnin’ Up’: Issa Rae Drops New Bubbly Line, Viarae Prosecco

									Screams & Symbolism: Black Horror Scholars Break Down The Cultural Chills of 'Sinners'								

									Terrence Howard Bashed For Rejecting Marvin Gaye Biopic Over Gay Kiss Scene								

									Beyoncé’s ‘Cowboy Carter’ Tour Sparks Meme Madness With Rodeo Runway Looks & Family Vibes								

									Salt-N-Pepa Push It Real Good To The Hall Of Fame: Hip-Hop Icons Honored For Trailblazing Legacy								

									Cassie Claims Diddy’s Pressing For Her Memoir And Money Statements								

									Torrei Hart Enters the Chat: New Podcast Launches on Urban One Network								

									No Scrubs, Just Stars: TLC’s 'CrazySexyCool' Musical Is Headed To Broadway								

									Tyra Banks Thinks Taylor Swift Should Replace Whitney Houston In 'The Bodyguard' Remake — And The Internet Is Pissed								
We've joined the BHM Digital family of websites and have updated our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
					By continuing to use this site, you agree to our updated Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends,
					black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women
					seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship
					advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that.

An Urban One Brand 

MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2025 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved  | BHM Digital