Entertainment Editor
If anyone enjoyed themselves at Saturday night’s Brit Awards, it was CMAT.
The Irish singer-songwriter was among the musicians in attendance at this year’s ceremony, where she was nominated for Best International Artist and served up one of the night’s most memorable red carpet outfits thanks to her backless black dress, which was low-cut enough to reveal a section of her bum.
CMAT also spent a good portion of the night doing all she could to get her bum on the telly, despite ITV’s best efforts to pan away from her at every opportunity.
CMAT AHHAHAHAHAHA CANT TAKE HER ANYWHERE pic.twitter.com/e60EEjRQ8C
CMAT AHAHAHHAHAHA SHES SO UNSERIOUS pic.twitter.com/M3diAdCrJW
After the Brits aired, the Stay For Something singer wrote on X (formerly Twitter) that she’d had “the most fun I ever had” – while also reposting fun messages shared by her fans about her ensemble.
last night was good craic ! thank you so much @BRITs for nominating me, last night was the most fun i ever had and i felt so blessed to be there.ps Clara Amfo the woman that you are … the moment … the QUEEN pic.twitter.com/LuhCh0oisb
pic.twitter.com/1M6aUyNHZx
she’s rebranding x pic.twitter.com/yUxkURTprY
the last dinner party at the brits last night is a whole mood actually pic.twitter.com/ZKbsHrI7iF
dude with sign spotted outside itv hq pic.twitter.com/8S3p6E9gYy
CMAT babe I'm genuinely curious - what was the knicker situation?
the situation was none
When the Brits later reposted an uncensored version of one of her appearances in the ceremony, CMAT wrote: “The chats I had in the girlie toilet at the Brit Awards might have given us world peace btw. Everyone seemed to love my crack.”
the chats i had in the girlie toilet at the Brit awards might have given us world peace btw . everyone seemed to love my crack https://t.co/prM25eTe4s
Over on Instagram, she added: “ITV you will PAY for editing my bum crack out of the broadcast reruns.
“Give the people what they deserve (my arse) or i will set the CMAT babies on you! This is a #feud officially.”
A post shared by cmat (@cmatbaby)
She also laughed off the Daily Mail’s write-up of her outfit, which included blurred versions of her bum, joking: “FREE HER WTF.”
This year’s Brits saw Raye making history with the most wins in a single night, after triumphing in six different categories.
Other winners on the night included Dua Lipa and Calvin Harris, as well as international stars SZA, Boygenius and Miley Cyrus.
Meanwhile, Kylie Minogue closed the show with a medley of her hits after scooping the coveted Global Icon title.