🙌Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
The best of London straight to your inbox
We help you navigate a myriad of possibilities. Sign up for our newsletter for the best of the city.
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
The best of London for free.
Sign up for our email to enjoy London without spending a thing (as well as some options when you’re feeling flush).
Déjà vu! We already have this email. Try another?
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
London
London
The legendary singer-songwriter and former frontwoman of Fleetwood Mac is gracing the Great Oak Stage this weekend
BST Hyde Park knows how to curate a line up, and this weekend’s stint of the festival is being led by none other than former frontwoman of Fleetwood Mac and world-renowned singer-songwriter, Stevie Nicks. Stevie Nicks. 
She’s been performing her music since 1966, and has had a career, both in Fleetwood and as a solo artist, which can only really be described as legendary. Stevie follows previous 2024 headliners SZA, Kings of Leon, Morgan Wallen, Robbie Williams and Shania Twain. 
Ahead of what promises to be a vibey, sway-worthy BST headliner set, here is everything you need to know.  
RECOMMENDED:Time Out’s full guide to BST Hyde Park 2024. 
The legendary singer-songwriter will be gracing Hyde Park’s Great Oak Stage on Friday July 12. 
The gates open at 2pm, and the last entry is at 8.30pm.
Nicks’s set is due to begin at 8.50pm and she’ll finish at around 10.20pm. 
Here’s the full line-up for July 12, across all stages:
Tickets are very limited, but there are still a handful of VIP options such as the ‘ultimate diamond VIP experience’ and the ‘Volvic gold VIP hydeaway’ are still available on the BST website – have a look at what’s up for grabs here. 
Nicks performed at the 3Arena in Dublin in last week, so based on that her setlist will likely look a little something like this, according to Setlist.fm:
Encore:
London’s weather is still hardly giving summer, but with highs of 20C and cloudy conditions changing to sunny intervals by early evening over the park on Friday, we can’t really complain – at least you’ll be Outside the Rain. Check the up-to-date forecast on the Met Office website here.
When the show was announced back in February, Nicks said: ‘Anything that draws me back to London ~ and therefore to England ~ fills my heart with joy. And to be able to visit and make music… is always a dream come true…’
Stevie has also stated that the BST show will be quite an emotional one, as it’ll see her return to the stage she last shared with Tom Petty before his death. She performed on the same bill as Petty at BST in 2017 and played the duet ‘Stop Draggin’ My Heart Around’ with him. 
Nicks is also expected to pay tribute to fellow former Fleetwood Mac star Christine McVie, who died last November.  
Get the latest and greatest from the Big Smoke – from news and reviews to events and trends. Just follow our Time Out London WhatsApp channel.
Stay in the loop: sign up to our free Time Out London newsletter for the best of the city, straight to your inbox.
Been there, done that? Think again, my friend.
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
🙌Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
Popular on Time Out
Popular on Time Out
Discover Time Out original video
Get us in your inbox
By entering your email address you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and consent to receive emails from Time Out about news, events, offers and partner promotions.
🙌 Awesome, you're subscribed!
Thanks for subscribing! Look out for your first newsletter in your inbox soon!
About us
Contact us
Time Out products