SZA confessed that she "faced" her "fears" while headlining Glastonbury on Sunday night (30.06. 24).
The 'Kill Bill' singer, 34, was nervous about performing on the Pyramid Stage to close out the globally renowned music festival but managed to conquer her stage fright with her performance at Worthy Farm. She expressed gratitude to her team and backing musicians for making it all possible.
After her performance, she took to Instagram to share: "Tonight I faced my fears . Tonight my entire team made the impossible possible ! ! THANK YOU @dan_norman_ for working tirelessly w me on this stage ! Thank you @fulloutcortland and the incredible dancers !
"To my fire ass band @turnthepaygepro @_arioneal @dec_on_bass and T and Tim and Hector and @cass.meyers @notmrblue @sageaflocka @gorditaapplebum @maddiemadddie @matthewreisman @reginaldreisman @deelishdeanna @turnbullhair @helloamber @memechanele @iamstillpunch and every single person that helped make this happen . Thank you from the bottom of my heart for dreaming w me Glastonbury 2024 down. (sic)".
Before her set, there was some criticism about the R'n'B soul star being selected as a headliner, with many claiming they didn't know who she was, and the crowd was not as large as the previous nights when Dua Lipa and Coldplay were the main acts. SZA also encountered technical issues for those tuning in from home via the BBC iPlayer app.
The 'Snooze' artist was also approximately 15 minutes late to the stage as she had been at American Express presents BST Hyde Park the previous night. SZA left no stone unturned at BST with her dazzling new sci-fi set that had a distinct insect motif, echoing her performance in Glastonbury. In an awe-inducing showcase, she left the crowd in awe with her dance moves atop a massive ant and navigating a towering tree, serving true showmanship.
Her vocal prowess, always beyond question, was on full display as she belted out fan favourites like 'Kiss Me More'usually a duet with Doja Catalongside 'Snooze', 'Kill Bill', and the heart-wrenching 'Nobody Gets Me'. Even without Doja Cat by her side, SZA dazzled with a nod to musical royalty, putting her spin on Prince and the Revolution's timeless hit 'Kiss'.
The Grammy-winning star turned up the heat during 'Kill Bill', with fans going wild as she delivered the line "I might kill my ex", while skillfully dancing with blades.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.