The Glastonbury 2024 ticket resale will take place later in April
The number of festival-goers who have paid for their tickets in full for this year's Glastonbury mean there are very few left for resale, organisers say.
Emily Eavis said a "very limited" number of returned tickets would be made available later in April.
General sale tickets for the event at Worthy Farm in Somerset sold out within an hour in November 2023.
Tickets for this year's event are priced at £355, up £20 from the £335 fee for the 2023 festival.
The number of tickets put up for resale depends on how many people do not pay the full amount, after paying their deposit in November.
Last year, resale tickets sold out in just seven minutes., external
Missed out on tickets? Try these festivals instead
Resale and other ways to get into the festival
In an Instagram post, festival organiser Ms Eavis said: "Just heard that we had our highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever. Incredible. Thanks so much everyone. 
"There will be a resale of the (very limited) returned tickets later this month. Info to follow on that."
Festival organisers have urged fans to go through official channels to buy tickets in order to avoid scams.
Dua Lipa is one of three Pyramid Stage headliners at Glastonbury Festival 2024
Aside from Pyramid Stage headliners Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, there are plenty of other performers to enjoy at this year's event.
Shania Twain will play the coveted legend slot on Sunday afternoon and other acts include Afrobeats star Burna Boy and award-winning rapper Little Simz, who will play immediately before Coldplay.
Avril Lavigne, Keane, Cyndi Lauper, Anne-Marie, Jessie Ware and Declan McKenna also feature in the line-up, with more acts yet to be announced.
Follow BBC Somerset on Facebook, external and, X, external. Send your story ideas to us on email, external or via WhatsApp on 0800 313 4630, external.
Everything you need to know about Glastonbury resale
Glastonbury 2024 tickets sell out in under an hour
Band win 'unbelievable' Glastonbury Festival slot
Glastonbury Festival
Taunton sisters meet long-lost eldest sister after 'miracle' DNA match
Land earmarked for new railway station to be safeguarded in event of cancellation
Heavy traffic on the M5 due to two incidents in Somerset
Camera club members get reflective with their snaps
Enjoy North Somerset - Become a local tourist this spring
Iconic South Somerset venue announces hotel and restaurant closure
Australia PM Albanese makes stunning comeback with landslide win
Three things to know about the Australian election result
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
The songs that shaped Chappell Roan 
Your 'Couch to 5K' journey with Giovanna
Unmissable crime drama with Sean Bean
Bizarre crimes with brazen criminals
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.