Ofcom is the regulator for the communications services that we use and rely on each day.
                    



                        As people communicate seamlessly online and offline, we now need to invest our efforts into making digital communications work for everyone
                    



                        Ofcom wants to understand how adults and children in the UK use media.
                    



                        Under the Online Safety Act, Ofcom's job is to make online services safer for the people who use them. We make sure companies have effective systems in place to protect users from harm.
                    



                        Ofcom is committed to a thriving telecoms sector, where companies can compete fairly and customers benefit from a broad range of services.
                    



                        Ofcom's job is to make sure there is a universal postal service.
                    



                        You can't see or feel radio spectrum, but we use it every day. Our job is to authorise and manage the use of spectrum in the UK.
                    



                        We make sure that broadcasters provide quality TV, radio and on-demand programmes that appeal to diverse audiences. We also have rules in place to protect viewers and listeners from harm.
                    



                        How to make the most of communications services as a small business.
                    



                        How to make the most of the services you use, and deal with problems.
                    



                        Proposals we are consulting on and decisions we've made.
                    



                        How we make sure companies follow our rules, to protect customers and promote competition.
                    



                        Rules, guidance and other information for the industries we regulate.
                    



                        If you're looking to use certain radio equipment, or broadcast on TV or radio, you'll need a licence from Ofcom.
                    



                        Our latest news, features, views and information about our work.
                    



                        Evidence we gather to inform our work as a regulator.
                    

The Glastonbury festival is one of the UK’s biggest cultural events – this year 210,000 people attended the event, which was headlined by Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA.
And although the main Pyramid stage is where the festival’s biggest acts dust off their hits, the event is enormous, with festival-goers entertained by acts and performers across more than 100 stages.
An event of this scale – with performances of all shapes and sizes – requires a lot of equipment to run smoothly. A lot of this equipment, including wireless microphones, in-ear monitors, wireless cameras and other devices, uses radio spectrum to function.
Some acts require more wireless gear than others – for example this year headliners Coldplay used 140 frequencies for a range of equipment including 42 in-ear monitors.
And, as in previous years, Ofcom was on site to make sure things went smoothly on this front.
This wireless equipment has to be licensed and managed carefully to make sure none of it causes interference – either with other performance kit or with communications equipment being used at and around the festival. To do this, each piece of equipment must use its own frequency on the radio spectrum.
Our licensing and programme-making and special events (PMSE) teams work hard before and during the event, issuing licences for frequencies used by the equipment and being available at the venue to help identify and address any issues.
This year we licensed more than 2,000 individual frequencies. On top of that, this year saw the first use of a newly-authorised spectrum band.
There were no reports of interference during the event, meaning everything went smoothly thanks to the hard work of our teams.
Graham Plumb, director of spectrum planning at Ofcom, attended the festival with our teams this year to see the set-up work first-hand – and took these photos that give a flavour of the work that goes on to prepare for such a large event.
Graham Plumb, director of spectrum planning at Ofcom, attended the festival with our teams this year to see the work first-hand – and took these photos that give a flavour of the work that goes on at such a large event.

                    Earlier this month Ofcom’s spectrum team were at the Eurovision Song Contest in Liverpool, playing a vital role in making sure the event went smoothly.
                

                    Ofcom has today set out its vision for how shared use of the upper 6 GHz spectrum band could enable both Wi-Fi and mobile services, while also continuing to serve the band’s existing users as much as possible.
                

                    A man has been found guilty of making hoax emergency calls to the coastguard, following an investigation in which Ofcom played a key role.