Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Summer is over and the nights are drawing in quickly - but before it gets dark before 6pm, Plymouth is throwing one last party to say farewell to the season.
The Summer Jam events have been a success for a few years now, With DJ Jonezy bringing back the legendary events each year. The last Summer Jam event sold out and promises "the best DJs, music and unmatched summer day party vibes".
It followed the huge success last summer and offers an alternative to your regular night time clubs. DJ Jonezy has now organised one final event on Saturday, August 31, at the Royal Corinthian Yacht Club, to say goodbye to summer 2024.
Read more:
The event reads: "Summer Jam is teaming up with I Love RnB to bring you the ultimate Day Party at The Corinthian Plymouth on the beautiful Plymouth seafront."
The lineup includes DJ Jonezy, DJ Snake, Aldo Vannuci and more. There will be a mixture of RnB, Hip Hop, Afro Beats and dancehall from the 90s, 00s and now.
There will be music from the following; Beyonce, Chris Brown, Justin Timberlake, Drake, Cardi B, Rihanna, Burna Boy, Beenie Man, Nelly, WizKid, Nicki Minaj, Mariah Carey, Akon, J Lo, Usher, Missy Elliot, Sean Paul, 50 Cent, Lauryn Hill, Megan Thee Stalion, Ne-Yo, Ciara, Tems, Fugees, Mr Vegas, Mary J Blige, Ashanti, Ja Rule, Bryson Tiller, 2Pac, TLC, Summer Walker, Mario, Destintys Child, Notorious BIG, Blackstreet, Whitney Houston, SZA, and many more.
Summer Jam starts at 4pm and finishes at 10pm. You can get your tickets here.
PlymouthLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us. Once you sign up for our updates, we'll send the latest breaking news and biggest stories of the day straight to your phone.
To join our community, you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select 'Join Community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the PlymouthLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'Exit group'. If you're curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.