by 
	Alice Kelly


	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, SheKnows may receive an affiliate commission.

	The 66th annual Grammy Awards is happening tonight, on Sunday, Feb. 4 at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles and with many options to watch the live show, with or without cable, it is easy to keep up with all the happenings on the biggest night in the music industry. The award show begins at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT.

	










	The live show will be hosted by Trevor Noah with performances from Billy Joel, SZA, Joni Mitchell, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Burna Boy, Luke Combs and Travis Scott. U2’s performance will be live from Sphere in Las Vegas.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Vera Wang Shouted Out This $25 Cream That Shoppers Say Healed Their ‘Middle-Aged, Sun-Damaged Skin’		
	










	SZA leads the nominees with nine Grammy nominations including for Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Album of the Year. Phoebe Bridgers, Serban Ghenea and Victoria Monét have seven nominations, while Jack Antonoff, Jon Batiste, boygenius, Brandy Clark, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish, Rodrigo and Taylor Swift have six. Like SZA, Swift is nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Album of the Year.



	The Grammys is available to watch live on CBS if you have cable or an HDTV antenna. To watch the Grammys without cable, Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers can enjoy the show on a smart TV, laptop or phone.

	The show can also be streamed live on DirecTV Stream, Hulu + Live TV and other platforms with live television. Keep scrolling to see where to stream the Grammys for free.

	The Grammy Awards Premiere Ceremony, which is when most of the Grammys will be awarded, takes place ahead of the show and will stream live on Grammy.com, where there will also be a live stream of the Grammys red carpet, and the Recording Academy’s YouTube channel.

	If you are streaming from outside the US, platforms such as ExpressVPN offer CBS and Paramount+ internationally.

		Sign up to one of these platforms to watch the Grammys live on Sunday, Feb. 4 at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT.	

	To watch the Grammys live for free, sign up for a free trial on one of the platforms with access to CBS. Paramount+ with Showtime offers a seven-day free trial for new subscribers so you won’t be paying a cent out of pocket before the Grammys airs and can cancel at any time. Paramount+ with Showtime, which will also be airing the Super Bowl, is $11.99 after the free trial.

Paramount+ Essential subscribers, which cost $5.99/month after a week-long free trial, can watch the Grammys on demand the day after it airs. Paramount+ is also available as an add-on through Prime Video so you can sign up or start a free trial there too.



	Another budget-friendly option that gives you access to CBS and much more is DirecTV Stream which offers a five-day free trial. DirecTV Stream is home to hundreds of local and cable channels that you can stream without having cable. After the free trial, packages begin at $69.99 per month and offer 75+ channels including CBS, BET, Bravo, Food Network, ABC, NBC, Fox, MTV, E!, ESPN, FS1, A&E, Comedy Central, ion, Lifetime, OWN, Paramount Network, TNT, TLC and more.

Fubo, which is similar to DirecTV Stream in its offerings, has a seven-day free trial. Their Fubo Pro package is $74.99 a month for 145 channels such as CBS, ABC, Fox, NBC, FX, TLC, AMC, MSNBC, ESPN, FS1 and Nickelodeon.

	The Grammys livestream is available on Hulu but you will need a Hulu + Live TV subscription to watch it. Unfortunately Hulu doesn’t offer a free trial for its Live TV packages, which star at $76.99.

	In addition to accessing Hulu’s full on-demand library, the Live TV packages give access to CBS, ABC, NBC, CW and Fox as well as many popular entertainment channels such as MTV, VH1, OWN, TBS, TNT, USA, Bravo, Comedy Central, E!, Freeform and Lifetime.
Before you go, click here to see the most shocking Grammy awards red carpet looks of all time.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.