The weekly good news column of The Loyola Phoenix.
The spring equinox finally arrived March 19. With sunnier days comes the chaos of the end of yet another semester. Though these times can seem to be filled with disarray, Blue Sky Times is here to remind you there are still precious moments to be had in moments of change and disorder. Here are this week’s good news stories.
Swinging back to theaters
Sony Pictures announced March 18 all eight previous live action Spiderman movies will be brought back to movie theaters, starting with the 2002 “Spider-Man” starring Tobey Maguire April 15, then proceeding chronologically by release date.
The announcement was designed to appear as the front page of the notorious The Daily Bugle from the various forms of Spider-Man media and included the three live-action stars gesturing at each other in the classic viral pose.
The movies will be shown on each Monday following the first on April 15 showing in select theaters. Interested fans can visit spideymovies.com to find tickets and showings.
Lollapalooza lineup announced
Lollapalooza released their lineup for the 2024 festival which is set to take place in Grant Park from Aug. 1-4 with presale for four day tickets going on sale March 21. 
Headliners for the show include SZA, Tyler The Creator, Blink-182, The Killers, Future X Metro Boomin, Hozier, Stray Kids, Melanie Martinez and Skrillix. Other artists playing the show include Kesha, Zedd, Lizzy McAlpine, Conan Gray and Galantis. 
Last year, around 400,000 people attended the music festival, ABC 7 Chicago reported. The festival also means there will be street closures around the park, according to ABC 7 Chicago.
Four day general admission tickets start at $385.
Luck of the Irish
The “luck of the Irish” may be a real phenomena based on a recent poll on good fortune where 49% of Ireland residents said they consider themselves to be lucky as opposed to 40% in the rest of the United Kingdom, according to an article from The Good News Network. 
This luck translates into other areas of their lives, according to the article, which reported 57% of Ireland residents said they experience beginner’s luck when trying something new while only 36% of the rest of the U.K. experienced it. 
Additionally, only 23% of U.K. residents said they have a good luck charm while 38% of Irish residents reported carrying everything from bracelets and rings to coins to and socks in the hopes of catching some good fortune.
 Have a great week everyone and remember, as Hozier once said “There’s something wretched about this / Something so precious about this / Where to begin?”
This story was written by Isabella Grosso, Lilli Malone and Hunter Minné
Featured Image by Lilli Malone / The Phoenix

                                                                                                                                                    Lilli Malone is the News Editor of The Phoenix and has written for the paper since the first week of her first-year. She is studying journalism, criminal justice and political science, is on the board of SPJ Loyola and was previously the deputy news editor of The Phoenix. She has worked as a Breaking News Correspondent for The Daily Herald, and has interned at Block Club Chicago, Quotable Magazine, and UCLA. Originally from Columbus, Ohio, Malone enjoys traveling, reading, and telling the stories of Loyola and Rogers Park community members.                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                                    Hunter Minné wrote his first article for The Phoenix during just his first week as a first-year at Loyola. Now in his third-year on staff and second as a Deputy News Editor, the Atlanta-native is studying journalism, political science and environmental communication alongside his work at the paper. For fun he yells at geese.                                                                                                                                                
Get the Loyola Phoenix newsletter straight to your inbox!
The Loyola Phoenix © 2023 The Loyola Phoenix
The Loyola Phoenix website was designed by Austin Hojdar and Marissa Bui.