By LILY JOBSON FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  17:30, 25 March 2024   |  Updated:  08:20, 26 March 2024   
 31
View  comments
Dua Lipa cut a stylish figure in a black blazer as she departed a Yves Saint Laurent beauty event in Paris on Monday.
The hitmaker, 28, slipped into blue denim jeans and a black top and beamed a smile as she left the event.
Dua was seen with her beloved boyfriend Callum Turner as she stepped out of a private car to grab some dinner. 
The actor, 34, who has been dating Dua since the beginning of January, wore a black sweatshirt and trendy brown leather jacket. 
Her mother Anesa, 51, and father Dukagjin, 55, joined their her and boyfriend Callum on their romantic getaway.
Dua Lipa, 28, cut a stylish figure in a black blazer as she departed a Yves Saint Laurent beauty event in Paris on Monday
Dua was seen with her beloved boyfriend Callum Turner, 34, as she stepped out of a private car to grab some dinner
Earlier in the day, Dua and Callum were spotted departing a French eatery after enjoying a romantic lunch together.
The lovebirds kept PDA to a minimum on their outing as they enjoyed some alone time together in the city of love.
The two have been linked since January when the IDGAF singer was spotted supporting him at the premiere after-party for his latest series. 
In an interview with Rolling Stone she said: 'Dating, I think overall, is just a little confusing. 
'It’s either through friends of friends or people you trust where you can meet new people, because [dating] is not really so straightforward when you are, I guess, a public person.'
Dua, which translates to 'love' in Albanian, is just starting out the relationship with Turner as the two get to know each other.
In early January, their relationship was confirmed when they were seen slow dancing together after heading out for a date night. 
The couple, who spend a lot of time out together, is frequently spotted at post award ceremony events. 
The actor, who has been dating Dua since the beginning of January, wore a black sweatshirt and trendy brown leather jacket
The two have been linked since January when the IDGAF singer was spotted supporting him at the premiere after-party for his latest series
At the party, Dua separated from Callum and enjoyed an animated conversation with a gentleman friend 
As she left the event, excited fans took the opportunity to take close-up shots of Dua as she appeared a tad dazed
Outside, Callum had a conversation with his own but was distracted and looked elsewhere as he spoke
Callum worked as a model before he turned to acting, shooting to fame in 2018 when he appeared in Fantastic Beasts
Her mother Anesa, 51, and father Dukagjin, 55, (pictured) joined their her and boyfriend Callum on their romantic getaway
Earlier in the day, Dua and Callum were spotted departing a French eatery after enjoying a romantic lunch together 
As Dua headed out of the trendy spot, Callum followed closely behind her in his dapper ensemble 
The lovebirds kept PDA to a minimum on their outing as they enjoyed some alone time together in the city of love
Stepping out without Callum, Dua was swamped by her fans as she arrived at a Yves Saint Laurent beauty event
In early January, their relationship was confirmed when they were seen slow dancing together after heading out for a date night
In February, they attended the 66th Grammy's after-party together looking glamorous as if straight out of a magazine cover. 
Then, they were photographed in a romantic embrace earlier this month while driving to a Brit Awards after-party as the singer rested her hand on his thigh. 
2024 is set to be quite the year for the pop sensation as she is a part of the Glastonbury Music Festival lineup in England alongside SZA and Coldplay. 
But that's not all, her highly anticipated third studio album - Radical Optimism - is slated for a May 3 release.
Just last month the starlet dropped the first single Training Season which is said to be featured on the forthcoming record.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group