Elsewhere, highlights from Kendrick Lamar's GNX dominate the top 10 on the Official Singles Chart.

													By
												

	Thomas Smith


Gracie Abrams’ is on quite the streak with “That’s So True” as her breakout single lands a fourth consecutive week at No. 1 on the U.K. Singles Chart.

	The singer-songwriter released the deluxe edition of her sophomore album, The Secret of Us, in October, and has seen the bonus track become her biggest chart hit to date. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Gracie Abrams		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The remainder of the top three remains unchanged with Gigi Perez’s “Sailor Song” remaining at No. 2, while ROSÉ and Bruno Mars’ “APT.” finishes at No. 3 once again.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Elsewhere Kendrick Lamar has made an impact on the Official Singles Chart following the surprise release of his new album, GNX. He has three top 10 entries in this week’s edition with “Squabble Up” (No. 4), the SZA-starring “Luther” (No. 5), and “TV Off” (No. 6) taking his all-time tally of UK top 10 hits up to 11. “Squabble Up” is his highest peak on the chart as a solo act, and highest since 2014’s Taylor Swift collaboration “Bad Blood.”

	Several songs from the live-action adaptation of the musical Wicked make an appearance, with Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande’s version of “Defying Gravity” reaching No. 7. There’s also success for Grande’s “Popular” (No. 13) and the pair’s “What Is This Feeling” (No. 17).

	As we head into December, Mariah Carey and Wham! have both re-entered the top 10 with their festive classics. The latter’s “Last Christmas” is already up to No. 8, while “All I Want For Christmas Is You” is up to No. 10. There’s also success in the top 40 for festive classics by Brenda Lee, Ariana Grande, Bobby Helms, Ed Sheeran & Elton John, The Pogues and more.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.