The setlist includes "Kill Bill," Snooze," "Broken Clocks," and more.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

SZA‘s SOS tour is set to become available for fans beyond those in the audience. 

	On Wednesday (Jan 31), the Grammy-nominated performer’s Brooklyn concert will be available to watch on demand, on both Apple Music and Apple TV.

	“SZA was one the most streamed artists of 2023 with only her second full-length album, we are elated to finally bring her SOS Tour to Apple Music Live,” relayed Apple Music’s Global Head of Hip Hop and R&B Ebro Darden in a statement. 

	“The show is, of course, incredible just like her music, her songwriting, and her desire to give us, the fans, so much amazing content. Here’s to an even more successful 2024 for her. Thank You SZA!” 

	In the featured performance, her setlist includes “Snooze”, “Seek & Destroy”, and “Nobody Gets Me” from the SOS album. Additionally, SZA performs “Drew Barrymore”, “Broken Clocks”, “Love Galore” and more from CTRL.

SOS was initially released in December 2022 and features Don Toliver, Phoebe Bridgers, Travis Scott, and the late Ol’ Dirty Bastard across 23 tracks. Shortly after its release, the New Jersey native embarked on her first arena tour, selling out shows nationwide. 

	










	“I love connecting with people in the crowd when I feel like it’s really me and you right now,” the “Kill Bill” performer explained to Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1. “And I go eye to eye with so many people during this show, and it’s something about [a] tour that it makes the love real, and tangible.”

	The experimental R&B album continues to break records and set sales and streaming precedents across all genres. 

	According to a press release, the 34-year-old’s latest album was the second-biggest album of 2023 on Apple Music worldwide, and the No. 1 R&B album of the year. Additionally, her major label debut CTRL continues to remain on the Billboard 200 chart since its release, holding the record for the longest run for any Black female artist’s debut album. 

	Check out SOS below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.