By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

Jack Harlow has announced the lineup for his two-day Gazebo Festival, scheduled to take place on May 25-26 in his native Louisville, KY.

	Gazebo Festival is slated to touch down at Louisville’s Waterfront Park, featuring 26 acts across two stages. Harlow will co-headline the event with SZA, with additional performances from James Blake, Omar Apollo, PinkPantheress, Vince Staples, Amaarae, Channel Tres, Slum Village, Majid Jordan and more.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					How to Watch NBA Play-In Tournament 2025 Online Without Cable		
			








	A portion of each ticket sale will go to local community organizations via the Jack Harlow Foundation, which the rapper established in 2023.

	










			Popular on Variety		






Harlow is currently riding high on the success of his latest single “Lovin on Me,” which released in November and debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100. Since then, it notched six weeks at the summit, becoming his third chart-topper.

	“Jack Harlow is an extraordinary Louisvillian who continues to give back to his hometown,” says Louisville Mayor Craig Greenberg. “This is yet another way Jack is showing up for our city and I can’t wait to see the excitement this festival creates. I am so grateful for his commitment to making first class things happen for Louisville and our people.”

	“We are beyond excited to support our city’s hometown hero, Jack Harlow, as he launches a new music festival at Louisville’s Waterfront Park,” adds Cleo Battle, president and CEO of Louisville Tourism. “In addition to great music, festival goers will get a taste of this city’s iconic attractions, renowned heritage and global culinary scene.”

	Presales will begin on March 6 at 10 a.m. ET, while the general public can buy tickets starting on March 8 at 10 a.m. ET.
The Business of Entertainment