Olivia Rodrigo has been announced as the headline act for BST Hyde Park 2025 - coinciding with Glastonbury weekend. She is set to perform at the London festival on Friday, June 27, with Girl in Red and The Last Dinner Party listed as special guests.
The timing of this show, falling on the Friday of Glastonbury 2025, though rules her out from the heavily speculated opening night headline slot. However, it does leave her weekend free for a performance at the Worthy Farm festival, possibly a Saturday or Sunday headlining show.
Currently taking a break from her Guts World Tour after completing a series of shows in Australia, Rodrigo's two successful albums have yielded three Grammys, three number-one hits and 14 charting songs, attracting over 2.3 million monthly listeners.
After cancelling her Manchester concerts earlier this year, Olivia will be returning to the UK in June for a headlining performance at BST and Co-op Live gigs. .
The 'Good For You' singer has just revealed that she'll be the main act at British Summer Time (BST) this year, and here's how you can secure tickets
 Glastonbury organisers are reportedly ‘keen to get more high-profile female performers topping the bill’ due to past criticism over male-dominated lineups. In the 54-year history of the festival, only eight female headliners have graced the stage — nine if you count Taylor Swift who was announced for the cancelled 2020 event. Last year saw Dua Lipa successfully headline on Friday, though SZA's closing act on Sunday failed to hit the heights hoped for.
Olivia Rodrigo made a memorable appearance at Glastonbury 2022, bringing out Lily Allen during her performance. With no commitments until her Manchester show on Monday, June 30, both weekend slots are available for Olivia.
The organisers will likely want to avoid a repeat of the disappointing end to the 2024 festival, especially as they prepare for a hiatus in 2026. Olivia, who previously performed on the Other Stage and brought out Lily Allen in a memorable moment, has seen her star power rise significantly since then.
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.