Virgin Radio
5 Jul 2024, 10:49
Credit: Getty
The buzz for Glastonbury 2025 has begun, and the rumoured acts are as dazzling as a field of sunflowers at Worthy Farm.
Glastonbury 2024 was a sun-soaked celebration of music, featuring surprise guest Michael J. Fox jamming with Coldplay, Sugababes basking in pop glory, and Louis Tomlinson keeping fans updated on England’s clash with Slovakia. 
With such a memorable festival now truly in the rear-view mirror, the speculation game for Glastonbury 2025’s headliners is already in full swing, the rumour mill is already churning with whispers about who will take the Pyramid Stage.
From unexpected guest appearances to electrifying performances, last year’s festival set the bar high. 
So, who could possibly top it next year? Let’s dive into the early predictions and get ready for a wild ride through the potential line-up!
First up on the list is none other than the reigning Queen of Pop, Taylor Swift. 
The Anti-Hero singer is no stranger to massive crowds, and her sell-out worldwide stadium tour is proof that she's got the chops for Glastonbury's main stage. 
Taylor was all set to play Glasto in 2020 before the pandemic put the kibosh on that plan. 
Sir Paul McCartney and Kendrick Lamar managed to headline in 2022 when the festival resumed, but Taylor has been jet-setting around the globe, leaving a Taylor-shaped hole at Worthy Farm.
With her Eras Tour wrapping up in December 2024, Taylor will have six months to recharge before potentially gracing us with her presence in June 2025. 
Given her unfinished business with Glastonbury, it feels like destiny calling for a headline slot. 
Can we hope for a setlist full of bangers like Shake It Off, Blank Space, and Bad Blood? Fingers crossed, Swifties!
With Noel and Liam Gallagher having announced that they are reuniting to play a run of massive Oasis shows in 2025, rumours have also been swirling about the chances of them also playing at Glasto.
The brothers are teaming up for a bunch of huge gigs in London, Manchester, Cardiff, Edinburgh and Dublin next July, so would they kick it all off with a barnstorming set at Worthy Farm at the end of June?  
The band was founded in the early 90s, made their Glastonbury debut the same year, and went on to headline the festival twice, before breaking up in 2009.
Will they be at Worthy Farm in 2025? It seems maybe not, as the brothers have shut down the rumours.
Rumour has it, pop legend Madonna was in line to headline Glastonbury 2024, but when the line-up was revealed, the Material Girl was conspicuously absent. 
Instead, we got a surprise with SZA closing out Sunday night. 
Speculation is rife that Madonna's no-show was due to health concerns following her Celebration Tour. 
Her family reportedly urged her to take it easy, and Glasto might have been a stretch too far.
But 2025 could be a different story. With some recovery time under her belt, the Queen of Pop might just be ready to bring her iconic hits like Like a Virgin and Vogue to the Pyramid Stage. 
Imagine the energy, the costumes, and the sheer star power! It’s a vision worth holding onto.
Eminem headlining Glastonbury 2025? Yes, please! The rap god has been dominating the charts for over two decades, and his absence from Glasto’s headline acts is a mystery. 
The festival’s rocky relationship with rap music might be to blame, with Noel Gallagher famously criticising Jay Z's 2009 headline slot.
However, the tide has turned with successful performances by Kanye West, Stormzy, and Kendrick Lamar. 
Eminem, with his sharp lyrics and undeniable stage presence, could be the next to break through. 
With new music on the horizon, 2025 could finally be the year Slim Shady stands up at Worthy Farm. 
Could 2025 be the year the Spice Girls spice up our lives at Glastonbury? The iconic girl group has been teasing a reunion for years, and their appearance at Victoria Beckham’s 50th birthday has fans buzzing. 
Mel C already surprised everyone by popping up during Orbital’s set this year, sparking even more speculation.
Bookies are slashing odds on a full Spice Girls reunion at Glasto, and Mel C hinted at the possibility during a Radio X interview. 
Imagine the nostalgia and the power of seeing Scary, Sporty, Baby, Ginger and Posh belting out Wannabe and Spice Up Your Life on the Pyramid Stage. It’s the stuff festival legends are made of!
Rock and roll at Glastonbury has been somewhat scarce in recent years, but Bon Jovi could change that in 2025. 
Jon Bon Jovi has admitted he’s never been asked to play Glastonbury, which feels like a major oversight. 
“I’ve never had the chance. I was never offered it,” he said.
“I feel like it would be pretty legendary,” he told Metro.co.uk.
With Guns N’ Roses rocking the stage in 2023 and Foo Fighters in 2017, a Bon Jovi set featuring classics like Livin' on a Prayer and It's My Life would be a welcome blast of rock energy. Let’s hope the organisers make that call!
The 00s nostalgia was strong at Glastonbury 2024, with Sugababes and Avril Lavigne delivering standout performances. Their sets were so popular that fans faced crowd control measures due to potential overcrowding. 
Clearly, these acts still have a massive following.
With six UK number one singles and five number one albums between them, both Sugababes and Avril deserve higher billing if they return in 2025. 
Imagine the Pyramid Stage packed with fans singing along to Freak Like Me or Sk8er Boi. It’s a recipe for an unforgettable festival moment.
As the speculation continues, one thing is certain: Glastonbury 2025 is shaping up to be another epic festival. 
Whether it’s Taylor Swift finally getting her moment, Madonna making a comeback, Eminem dropping bars, the Spice Girls reuniting, Bon Jovi rocking the Pyramid Stage, or Sugababes and Avril Lavigne bringing the nostalgia – there’s plenty to get excited about.
Catch up with Glastonbury on BBC iPlayer.
Advertisement
Chris Packham has opened up about how the Springwatch team are preparing to celebrate the show’s...
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit