Sir Rod Stewart said he is “more than able to take the stage again to pleasure and titillate” as he was announced for the legends slot at Glastonbury next year.
The 79-year-old is the first musical act to be confirmed for the 2025 festival at Worthy Farm, before it takes a fallow year in 2026.
Sir Rod said on Instagram: “I’m absolutely thrilled to announce that I’ll be playing @glastofest 2025!
A post shared by Sir Rod Stewart (@sirrodstewart)
“After all these years, I’m proud and ready and more than able to take the stage again to pleasure and titillate my friends at Glastonbury in June. I’ll see you there!.”
Sir Rod headlined Glastonbury in 2002, performing on Sunday night to close out the festival.
Festival organiser Emily Eavis said on Instagram: “Bringing Sir Rod Stewart back for the Sunday afternoon slot on the Pyramid stage is everything we could wish for.”
She added: “What a way to bow out with the final legends slot before we take a fallow year. We cannot wait!.”
This year, Canadian singer Shania Twain, known for hits including Man! I Feel Like A Woman! and That Don’t Impress Me Much, starred in the coveted slot.
Fellow major artists including Yusuf/Cat Stevens, Diana Ross, Kylie Minogue and Dame Shirley Bassey have also filled the prestigious position.
Dua Lipa, rock band Coldplay and American singer Sza all headlined the Pyramid Stage this year.
Last week, Sir Rod announced he is to end “large-scale world tours” but brushed off retirement plans.
The musician, who turns 80 in January, wrote in an Instagram post: “This will be the end of large-scale world tours for me, but I have no desire to retire”.
“I love what I do, and I do what I love. I’m fit, have a full head of hair, and can run 100 metres in 18 seconds at the jolly old age of 79.
“I’d like to move onto a Great American Songbook, Swing Fever tour the year after next – smaller venues and more intimacy. But then again, I may not…”
The post was signed “The Ambiguous Sir Rod Stewart”.
The biggest tracks from his six-decade career include You’re In My Heart, Hot Legs, Tonight’s The Night and Maggie May.
Sir Rod is a member of the US Rock & Roll Hall of Fame and was knighted in the 2016 Queen’s Birthday Honours list.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.