Home » Music
SZA has praised people for having the “bravery” to be “alive in public.”
The 34-year-old singer – who headlined Glastonbury Festival on Sunday, June 30, with a show hampered by sound issues and a noticeably smaller crowd at the Pyramid Stage – has taken to social media with a cryptic post after her performance.
“The bravery required to be alive in public is remarkable. S/o everybody doing that s***,” she wrote on X, formerly Twitter.
The hip-hop star admitted she was “legit shaking” but she was glad she “made it” through her Worthy Farm performance in such an iconic spot.
“Tonight I faced my fears. Tonight my entire team made the impossible possible !! THANK YOU @dan_norman_ for working tirelessly w me on this stage ! Thank you @fulloutcortland and the incredible dancers ,” she added on Instagram.
She also heaped praise on her “fire a** band,” as well as “every single person that helped make this happen.
“Thank you from the bottom of my heart for dreaming with me. Glastonbury 2024 down (sic),” she continued.
During the show, she admitted to fans that she was “so nervous” before taking to the stage.
“Glastonbury, I was so nervous to be here with you today. I’m so grateful, you have my deepest love and my deepest respect. I love you always, god bless you. Get home safely, my name is SZA, good night,” she told the crowd.
SZA has been open about her mental health struggles, and earlier this year she revealed she has three different therapists.
Since becoming one of the biggest stars on the planet with her album SOS, the “Kill Bill” hitmaker has found it difficult to adjust to being in the spotlight and admits she has lashed out in “frustration” due to the immense pressure she is under, which is so debilitating it makes her not want to leave the house.
“So I’ve been really trying to get my spiritual hygiene together because I realized as of recent that a lot of this s*** is not normal. And I didn’t know how to process that experience and I was having a lot of lashing out and a lot of frustration. And there’s a lot of opinions, a lot of entitlement to your space, a lot of entitlement to your time, a lot of expectation,” she told Zane Lowe on Apple Music 1.