Massive music star Ed Sheeran could be tuning up his guitar for a return to Glastonbury Festival in 2025.
The 33-year-old chart-topper last headlined at Worthy Farm in 2017, but attendees may be welcoming him back for a ‘really special’ set next June.
It’s been claimed that the Bad Habits hitmaker is already in talks with festival organiser Emily Eavis.
‘Ed adores performing at Glastonbury and getting to sing to so many fans on a massive scale.
‘He hasn’t got any big UK gigs lined up next summer, so this would be really special,’ a source claimed.
Given the singer-songwriter’s high calibre connections and friends within the industry, there could be some star-studded duets as part of his set – after all, he came out to support Taylor Swift during her record-breaking stint at Wembley this summer for her Eras Tour.
‘He’s got loads of celebrity friends, so he is bound to have some famous collabs on stage with him if it comes off,’ they added to The Sun on Sunday.
Ed’s previous appearance came after the huge success of studio album number three Divide, and was powered by its big songs including Shape of You, Castle on the Hill and Galway Girl.
Since then, he’s released No.6 Collaborations Project – which spawned I Don’t Care with Justin Bieber, Beautiful People with Khalid and Take Me Back to London with Stormzy, all of which hit number one.
Album Equals followed in 2021, with breakout singles Bad Habits and Shivers staying in the charts for 114 and 89 weeks respectively – and then there were the two festive number one singles alongside Sir Elton John.
Glastonbury will be taking a break in 2026, with Eavis previously telling Glastonbury Free Press: ‘We’re taking a fallow year in 2026 to give the land a rest.
‘And the festival before a fallow year is always a fun one to plan because you almost have to fit two years into one.’
So that way may well mean Ed is rubbing shoulders with some other heavyweight headliners.
The paper reports that Harry Styles could be another act for Glastonbury 2025, with music icon Cher apparently in talks for the coveted Sunday teatime Legends slot.
Harry, 30, was 1-2 odds on to perform in September — down from 5-2 — according to Coral Bookmakers.
Coral’s John Hill explained: ‘Harry Styles is proving very popular in our betting to be one of the headline acts at Glastonbury in 2025. It might be a sign of the times that the former One Direction star is set for a big appearance at Worthy Farm next summer.’
Adele and American rock group Green Day have also recently been very popular bets, but only time will tell who it is they gets to pack their wellies and head to the festival next summer.
Last year’s headliners at the Somerset-based music festival were Dua Lipa, Coldplay (for a record-breaking fifth time) and American R&B superstar SZA, with Shania Twain in the Legends slot.
Metro has contacted reps for Ed Sheeran, Emily Eavis and Glastonbury Festival for comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: ‘I’ve had to fight against being called Ed Sheeran’s ex-girlfriend for so long’
Arrow
MORE: Usher teases surprise Glastonbury slot ahead of major UK tour
Arrow
MORE: 90s icon thinks hit song was ‘so good’ it ‘obliterated’ her career