By Dessi Gomez 
SEO Staff Writer

	“Bridgerton” Season 3 promises plenty of balls and other social events, and music supervisor Justin Kamps pulled string song covers of several big-name artists for the orchestral pop music signature to the Netflix show. The needle drops heighten the luxurious social moments as well as more intimate and emotional ones.

	Season 1 included orchestral versions of songs like Taylor Swift’s “Wildest Dreams,” Maroon 5’s “Girls Like You,” Shawn Mendes’ “In My Blood,” Billie Eilish’s “bad guy,”  Ariana Grande’s “thank u, next” and Sufjan Stevens’ “Love Yourself (Short Reprise).” Season 2 featured renditions of Nirvana’s “Stay Away,” Madonna’s “Material Girl,” Rihanna’s “Diamonds,” Robyn’s “Dancing On My Own,” Alanis Morisette’s “You Oughta Know,” Harry Styles’ “Sign of the Times,” Kris Bowers’ cover of “Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham,” P!nk’s “What About Us” Calvin Harris & the Disciples’ “How Deep Is Your Love” and Miley Cyrus’s “Wrecking Ball”.

	










	Prequel spinoff series “Queen Charlotte” featured songs from a group of all-Black women musicians including Beyoncé’s “Halo,” Alicia Keys’ “If I Ain’t Got You,” Whitney Houston’s “If I Ain’t Got You,” SZA’s “Nobody Gets Me” and two more Beyoncé songs: “Déjà Vu” (feat. Jay-Z) and “Run the World (Girls)”.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Swift and Eilish have been recruited once more for Season 3 Part 1 alongside Gayle, BTS, Nick Jonas, Sia and Pitbull. See the full list of string pop covers in “Bridgerton” Season 3 below.

Season 3 Part 1

Episode 1

Episode 2

Episode 3

Episode 4

RELATED: Here Are ‘Bridgerton’ Season 3’s Biggest Differences from the Book

Season 3 Part 2

Episode 5

Episode 6

Episode 7

Episode 8

RELATED NEWS:

‘Bridgerton’ Season 3: Nicola Coughlan “Intimidated At First” Of Filming Steamy Scenes; Luke Newton Likens “Polin” to ‘Friends’ Couple Ross & Rachel
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.