By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

Kendrick Lamar, Taylor Swift and Sabrina Carpenter are just a few of the artists who made a strong impact on Apple Music listeners in 2024 as the streaming service has revealed its year-end charts.

	Lamar, who recently surprise-released his latest album “GNX,” tops the global music tally with “Not Like Us,” the smash hit that came amid a bitter back-and-forth with Drake. Following its release in May, the song spent more than six weeks at the top of the Global Daily Top 100, becoming his longest-running No. 1 in the chart’s history.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					How to Watch NBA Play-In Tournament 2025 Online Without Cable		
			








	Benson Boone holds the No. 2 spot on the global music list with his soaring ballad “Beautiful Things,” while Sabrina Carpenter‘s “Espresso,” Shaboozey’s “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” and Swift’s “Cruel Summer” slot consecutively behind him.




			Popular on Variety		






	Swift has a strong showing across the global music chart with seven total songs making the cut, and she leads the Top Songwriters chart. Elsewhere on the global music chart, Drake and Morgan Wallen each have eight entries, while SZA ties Future with six songs including “Snooze,” which bows at No. 11.

	Additionally, Apple Music has revealed its Global Shazam charts, with “Beautiful Things” taking top honors. Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” sits at No. 2, followed by FloyyMenor and CrisMJ’s “Gata Only,” Cyril’s remix of Disturbed’s “The Sound of Silence” and Artemas’ “I Like the Way You Kiss Me.”

	The streamer has also unveiled new and expanded additions to Apple Music Replay, which allows subscribers to revisit their most-played songs, albums and artists this year. Users can look back on listening habits from each month of 2024, determine if they’re a loyal fan with a top artist streak and discover the first date they listened to their top songs, albums and artists.
The Business of Entertainment