Penn State’s annual end-of-year music festival, Movin’ On, is just over three weeks away and announced its show stopping lineup Friday afternoon at the HUB. Dayglow will headline the Friday, April 26, performance along with acts from Sexyy Red, Freddie Gibbs, the 502s, and the winner of the Battle of the Bands.
Here’s a breakdown of this year’s acts. 
Forth Worth, Texas, band Dayglow, best known for hit “Can I Call You Tonight?,” was formed in 2018 by Sloan Struble and jumped to success shortly after. The indie band has released three studio albums including “Fuzzybrain,” “Harmony House,” and “People in Motion,” and Dayglow has over 5.8 million monthly listeners on Spotify. 
Sexyy Red will precede Dayglow after connecting with Penn Staters in 2023 at the White Out. Sexyy Red is best known for her hits “SkeeYee” and a feature on Drake’s “For All The Dogs” hit “Rich Baby Daddy” with SZA. Sexyy Red entered the music scene with track “Ah Thousand Jugs” in 2018 and has since gained prominence with “Pound Town” and a collaboration with Nicki Minaj for “Pound Town 2” in May 2023 which reached the Billboard Hot 100. 
Rapper Freddie Gibbs will showcase hit songs like “1985” and “Something to Rap About” at the IM Fields. The Gary, Indiana, native began releasing music in 2006 and gained traction with 2014 album “Piñata” and collaborations with The Alchemist. Gibbs’ most recent album “Soul Sold Separately” was released in 2022. 
The 502s’ performance, presented by the Student Programming Association (SPA), will open Movin’ On 2024. Known for social media popularized songs “Just A Little While” and “Magdalene,” the Florida band began its trajectory into the music scene in 2015. Its recent release “Perfect Portrait of Young Love” has over 2.4 million listens on Spotify. 
The winner of Movin’ On’s Battle of the Bands will open the festival ahead of the 502s. 
The annual festival has hosted headline performances from Jack Harlow, A$AP Ferg, Grouplove, Passion Pit, and dozens of others dating back to Movin’ On’s inception in 1975. 
As always, Movin’ On will be held on the last day of classes on Friday, April 26, and is free to all attendees. Gates will open at 3:30 p.m., and the show will end around 10:30 p.m. Students and attendees must be 18 years old and have a valid Penn State ID or government-issued ID to enter.
Please choose an option below.
Keeley is a senior from Richmond, Virginia, majoring in journalism. She's Onward State's social media manager and talks about awesome stuff on our podcast, Podward State, too. You can usually find her on a porch, but if not, feel free to contact Keeley on Twitter @keeleylammm or [email protected].
“What’s funny to me is that after spending so much time telling other people’s stories, I conclude my time here by writing about my own.”
Wiggins had offers from Cincinnati, Syracuse, and Kentucky.
Gates will open at 3:30 p.m., and admission is free for students with valid identification. 
Δ
Jamey Johnson, Drake White, and Hannah McFarland will also join Green on tour. 
© 
				2008 - 2025				Onward State