The bar is low when it comes to UK weather – for people at Glastonbury Festival, it’s somehow even lower.
Glastonbury is known for two things. Being one of the world’s most prominent music events and mud. A lot of mud.
Yet Glasto-goers were truly blessed with blistering highs of 27°C and bright blue skies on Wednesday as the nation was baked by a long-sought heat wave.
For the latest news and updates on Glastonbury, follow Metro.co.uk’s live blog here
But as this is Britain after all, the sunshine never lasts long. Temperatures are forecast to fall off a cliff for the rest of the week – just as all the bands roll up.
Now, we’re certainly not saying that Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA have brought the clouds and cold with them but…
According to the Met Office, the temperature from Friday to Sunday will barely push above 20°C.
The sun will only peak out from behind the clouds every now and then, the national weather service predicts. 
The BBC, meanwhile, forecast rain, meaning there’s a chance Glastonbury will become the mudfest it’s infamously known as.
Hayfever sufferers should expect red itchy eyes this week as a ‘pollen bomb’ explodes up and down the UK.
The Met Office’s pollen forecast has the pollen count in southwest England as ‘very high’ for the remainder of the week.
But all in all, no matter how cloudy it is or how many antihistamines you’ve popped, a casual reminder if you’re reading this that you are in Glastonbury. (If you’re not, though, sorry. This is awkward.)
Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA are among the headliners this year, with the Idles, Disclosure and The National heading up the Other Stage this week too.
Highest temperature: 20°C.
Weather forecast: Overcast changing to sunny intervals by late morning. (The BBC, however, says Pilton should expect rainfall from 5am to 8am.)
Glastonbury Festival is located on Worthy Farm, Pilton, Somerset and is the largest greenfield music and performing arts festival in the world.
Our brief bit of trivia as you made it this far down the story: during the first Glasto in 1970, a ticket cost just £1 and about 1,500 people attended. 
How times change, huh?
In 1997, however, Glastonbury’s weather was so awful that Neil Young cancelled and other artists had to cover the ones that couldn’t make it. The Other Stage even began to sink into the mud.
The gates to Glastonbury Festival 2024 opened on Wednesday and will run through to Sunday.
The majority of the live music performances take place from tomorrow until the final day.
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Arrow
MORE: Michael J Fox celebrates ‘mind-blowing’ time on stage with Coldplay after tear-jerking Glastonbury performance
Arrow
MORE: Who is playing at Glastonbury today, Sunday, June 30th?
Arrow
MORE: London weather after end of heatwave brings typical British summer
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy