The actor stars in Luca Guadagnino’s Queer alongside Daniel Craig.
One of the many pleasures of Outer Banks, Netflix’s smash-hit surfing-and-treasure-hunting melodrama, now in its fourth season, is watching Drew Starkey play a villain—a twitchy, tormented rich kid who, so far, has murdered a cop, hired a hit man to rub out his father (then changed his mind), and nearly strangled his sister to death. Rafe’s a bad guy, but Starkey lets us see the broken kid beneath the hunky buzz cut and narcissistic impulses. It’s a capital-P performance, and one would assume it’s what led director Luca Guadagnino (Challengers) to cast him opposite Daniel Craig in Queer, his buzzy new adaptation of the sexually charged autobiographical novel by William S. Burroughs, in theaters now. Nope. Guadagnino had never seen or heard of Outer Banks, or Starkey for that matter. He just saw the right audition tape, and Starkey got his big movie break. The 31-year-old actor, and this month’s ELLE Man, joined our Zoom from London, where Queer was in competition at the BFI London Film Festival.
Yes. In the true nature of Burroughs and his wittiness—that’s definitely something we found along the way. And Daniel’s a great physical comedian.
It was the longest rehearsal process for one scene that I’ve ever done. We had started rehearsing that months before we shot it. We started in New York with these brilliant choreographers, Paul Lightfoot and Sol León, and it involved this kind of interpretive dance to poetry and movements. It started off very poorly [laughs]. But after that first day, we were comfortable with each other. I mean, it’s such a great way to bond with someone.
I haven’t. I think I’d like to one day. I just don’t know if the timing’s right. I feel like it’s one of those things that has to be calling you to do it. It hasn’t called me yet. 
I thought about it very intensely, yes. But I may not have been the same person starting the film if I had just gone for it. So I was like, You know what? I’m going to save it for after.
That was Luca’s thought. There’s almost something deeper than sex that it’s portraying.
He says that, but who knows, though? He could be lying [laughs]. It would be very funny to see Luca watching Outer Banks. Maybe he wouldn’t have cast me. I had auditioned for something unrelated to Queer—I don’t even know what it was—and one of Luca’s producing partners showed it to him. I think he’s one of this generation’s best filmmakers. So it was such a great honor for him to ask me to do it. And then I was terrified. I’ve never been more scared.
I mean, there are a lot of times where I do not like Rafe [laughs]. I don’t think as an actor you necessarily need to like the person you’re playing. What you do want to do is explain why they do the things that they do. And so in that way, I’ll go to bat for him all day. I think he’s a person who really wants to be loved for who he is, and he never really has been. He’s also a person who has been through a lot of trauma, and it’s sent him down some really dark corridors. You meet him in a bit of a different place in this fourth season. I think he’s worn down by life. He’s just looking for a connection with another person and his family. He realizes how important that is, and he’s going to do that. By any means necessary.
Yeah, people ask me a lot, “Is he redeemable?” And I don’t know, that’s dependent on an individual basis. Maybe he is to one person, but he’s not to another. I don’t know if he is to me. I mean, I hold on to grudges, so I wouldn’t be so quick to forgive him.
[Long pause] This sounds so crazy—Emily Dickinson. I remember reading her poetry for the first time in my freshman English class, and I don’t—it’s something unexplainable, something about her words. It felt like she was speaking my internal dialogue. She had a very difficult, isolated life, and she wrote these things with no intention of notoriety or anything. I think there’s a lot to learn from that—working on your art without the intention of it being seen. 
Nala from The Lion King. She was just strong, and she puts Simba in his place. And I think all the women in my life were like that.
Yebba or SZA. Something about their vocal range—it’s so creative and I can’t do it. I’m terrible.
Rihanna. Still. It’s RiRi. There’s nothing cooler. It’s always Rihanna.
Oh God. Probably “Bitch Better Have My Money” [laughs].
Yeah, it was third grade. I got broken up with on the playground. We’d started dating the day before, so it was like a 24-hour turnaround. I think I was on the jungle gym, and she came up to me and said, “Hey, I don’t think this is working.”
Yeah, but she was right. It wasn’t working. It was a tumultuous 24 hours.
My mom, of course. My mother is perfect. An incredible guide to me and my brother and my sisters. A good leader, too.
Communication. Vocalize it. I’m generally a very quiet person.
Lesley Manville was such a comfort for me shooting Queer, not even in terms of direct advice, but just watching her and experiencing being with her and working with her on set. I was in awe. One of the nicest, most curious human beings I’ve ever met, and she just leads with such a soft touch.
Miss Maddie Cline. We’ve been on a lot of road trips together. We’ve spent hours in cars together. She reminds me of my two younger sisters, and from day one when I first met her, I was like, “You’re my sis.” I can make fun of her and she can make fun of me, and we do all the time. She’s just one of my favorite people.
A version of this story appears in the December/January 2024 issue of ELLE.
GET THE LATEST ISSUE OF ELLE
Bowen Yang Is Not Dead Inside
Leo Woodall Enters the World of Bridget Jones
Robert Pattinson on His ‘Scent Dyslexia’
John David Washington on The Piano Lesson
When Do New Episodes of ‘The Studio’ Drop?
What We Know About the Future of ‘Shōgun’
Landman Season 2 Starts Filming
Tracking All the Cameos in The Studio
That Handmaid’s Tale Betrayal, Explained
Varada Sethu on Cinta’s ‘Andor’ Season 2 Arc
Handmaid’s Tale Season 6, Episode 6 Recap
How to Watch New Episodes of ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.