Home » Artist Interviews
Bobbi Storm has nobody but God to thank for her transition in music to get her where she is today. With her popular #holymix tracks, Storm has transformed popular hits like “Hrs and Hrs” by Muni Long, “Wait For You” by Drake and Future, and “Snooze” by SZA into songs that glorify God.
Storm spoke with rolling out about her musical journey, #holymix songs, and advice she would give girls looking to build faith.
When did you decide to change the type of music you made?
I was a secular artist before being an inspirational R&B and hip-hop artist. I listened to more hip hop and R&B growing up, so when this transition happened, it was like, “How am I going to do this,” because in the midst of it, I couldn’t really listen to [secular music], because it was not feeding that spirit. God was like, “You don’t have to change a thing about yourself. You just got to convert it for me.” Once he gave me the provision after that, it was a wrap. I didn’t have to lose any of my swag. I didn’t have to lose the way I was singing. In fact, I got better. I thought I was not a writer before and now from these holy mixes, I’ve realized that I’m not just a singer, but I’m a songwriter, as well.
When did you start your holy mixes?
I was fasting, and in the midst of the fast, I was asking God what was next for me: “We’re in this pandemic, and when we come out of this, I know you said I need to know you better than I’ve known you before. But what’s next for my music? What am I going to display to the world?” 
[During] that fast, I was just crying out loud. I remember laying on my living room floor, just crying out to Him for answers, and He’s just like, “Take this song and cover it.” I’m like, “But it’s been; she’s already on to her second single; and people have covered it.” He’s like, “Make it about me.” I went to the studio that next day, and a good friend of mine who I write with, his name is Dave Good, and another artist as well, we went in and we wrote it like off the dome. Dave’s partner, as well. We wrote it off the dome, and it was just really like magic. After that, I was like, let me just put some makeup on and we’ll do this. I didn’t know it was going to be big. Even Steve Harvey stopped his morning show to play it. I didn’t even know it was going to be a holy mix. I did a couple of them. Then one day, I just found myself sign-pounding holy mix. It just came straight from the Holy Spirit.
What advice would you give to young girls looking to build their faith?
Whenever people ask that question, I always think about what advice I would give the younger me, and that’s definitely to seek God first. It’s like betting on the same thing. When you’re [betting on a fast horse], you know it’s going to beat everybody in the race every single time. Anytime you bet on God, that’s what happens, and if I had known it, I would have eliminated a lot of mistakes.