By FREDDY PAWLE FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:26, 2 May 2024   |  Updated:  11:32, 2 May 2024   
 408
View  comments
American pop music sensation SZA was on the verge of leaving one of her Australian concerts midway through the performance due to 'crazy' behaviour from the audience.
Several attendees captured footage of fans throwing items onto the stage during her first concert at Rod Laver Arena in Melbourne on Tuesday night.
According to reports, some even threw shoes and cellphones at the singer before she addressed the situation and called out the crowd.
'I will leave,' she said. 'Do not throw up any cell phones, I'm a person. That's crazy,' SZA said while holding an item thrown at her.
American singer SZA threatened to walk out on fans during a concert in Melbourne on Tuesday night after the crowd started throwing items at her on stage (pictured)
Another disruptive fan attempted a handstand in the raised seating area, but lost balance and fell onto another audience member
There were also other instances of bad behavior at the concert. 
One disruptive fan attempted a handstand in the raised seating area, but lost balance and fell onto another fan.
Additional video footage shows multiple security guards attempting to control a fan who was involved in a scuffle in the general admission area.
SZA's fans unleashed about the poor behaviour on social media.
'Honestly don't understand why fans throw stuff honestly,' one wrote.
'Melbourne be ruining everything, behaving like their ugly muggy weather,' a second wrote.
'You had one f***ing job Melbourne, now she won't want to come back to Australia,' a third added.
A fourth said: 'Concert etiquette has gone out the window. Should be ashamed of themselves.'
Another added: 'Disgusting.' 
It's not the first time crowd behaviour at Australian concerts has been criticised. 
Dozens of stories were shared online over the course of Taylor Swift's seven Australian shows about inebriated people 'ruining' some fans' nights and even had others considering selling their tickets before. 
Additional video footage shows multiple security guards attempting to control a fan who was involved in a scuffle within the general admission area.
SZA, whose real name is Solána Imani Rowe, is an American singer and songwriter. 
She gained widespread recognition for her debut studio album, 'Ctrl,' which was released in 2017. 
SZA's music often blends elements of R&B, soul, and hip hop, and she's known for her unique vocal style and introspective lyrics. 
She's been praised for her artistry and has received several award nominations, including multiple Grammy nominations. 
The pop superstar (pictured) is onto the final leg of a tour across New Zealand and Australia after massive wins at this year's Grammy Awards
'Hot tip for fans! Please don't drink too much and, a) vomit all over the people seated in front of you, b) get carted out by your friends with your shoes missing before the show has even started,' one woman said after a show.
'You've ruined your night, your friend's night, and worse, some poor unsuspecting fans (and that was two separate occasions).'
One ticketholder said a woman vomited twice during the course of the concert while another said someone spilt eight drinks on her and the woman seated next to her as well as their belongings.
'She kept hitting us in the head when drunk dancing, then she fell asleep midway through the concert,' she said.
Another said a similar thing happened to her in that she was 'vomited all over' during support act Sabrina Carpenter's set. 
Taylor Swift fans lammed concertgoers for 'wasting' their tickets by getting intoxicated at the Eras shows. One person said they were vomited on before the star took the stage
'Barely any assistance from staff either. I wasn't able to trade any friendship bracelets during the night as I smelt so bad and stayed away,' she reported.
Aussie fans were also called out by American rapper Tyler The Creator, when his 2022 show was repeatedly disrupted by members of the crowd chanting 'shoey'.
After the irritated star declared 'no, I don't give into peer pressure', many revellers started shouting 'boo'. 
As the boos rang out, the rapper compromised, offering to spit on his leg instead - leading the crowd to erupt in a rapturous cheer.
Taken aback by their joyous response, Tyler said: 'Y'all are f***ing weird.'
Many called for the shoey to be banned from gigs following the uproar.
'It's so boring and embarrassing every time Australian crowds do this,' one said.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group