Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Louise Redknapp was spotted enjoying Glastonbury Festival with her boyfriend Drew Michael as the two packed on the PDA at Worthy Farm. 
The 49-year-old shared a photo dump of herself and Drew enjoying their weekend, which she captioned: “Thank you Glastonbury 2024.”
In the first pic, the couple looked loved up as they smiled for a selfie, with Louise placing her arm on her partner's shoulder. They were also joined by a group of friends to watch acts at the festival including Coldplay, SZA and Dua Lipa.
Further on in the post, the mum of two shared a PDA snap of the two locking lips, and fans were gushing over how happy she seemed. “Louise , just want to say,it is so lovely to see you looking so happy,” wrote one.
Another said: “Love you Louise you have been my inspiration since divorcing. I’m so happy that you are finally happy. You so deserve it.”
“Made for each other, woo hoo!!” exclaimed a third excited fan, while a fourth penned: “Happy looks good on you.” Denise Van Outen commented: “Love this”.
The couple went Instagram official in November as they celebrated his 40th birthday. The relationship is Louise’s first in the public after her divorce from former footballer Jamie Redknapp in 2017.
 Jamie tied the knot four years after his divorce, with model Frida Anderson in 2021. The couple share a two year-old son, Ralph, together. Jamie also has sons Charley and Beau, who he shares with ex-wife Louise. 
 Jamie and Louise parted ways months after Louise appeared on Strictly Come Dancing. She later admitted that her appearance on the BBC show had made her ‘re evaluate her entire life’. 
“For a long time, I ticked all the boxes of being the 'picture-perfect' wife. The truth? For a lot of that time, I actually felt lonely, anxious and unimportant,” she wrote in her autobiography, You’ve Got This.
In October 2017, Louise confirmed they were living apart, before they filed for a divorced in the December.
 Louise and Drew made their red carpet debut in March, at the Sister Act gala night at The Dominion Theatre, which was attended by guests including Dame Kelly Holmes and Loose Women panellists Brenda Edwards and Linda Robson. 
When first speaking about her relationship on the ITV show, shortly after being pictured leaving celebrity hotspot The Groucho Club in September, she said: “I’m very happy, he’s great, lovely, it’s really nice.
"It’s been a really long time for me. It’s lovely to have met somebody that makes me so happy.”