Taylor Swift caused a surge in Tube journeys this month, as more than 400,000 fans tapped in and out of Wembley Park station to attend five performances by the global megastar.


  The Jubilee and Metropolitan line Tube station saw more than 441,000 recorded entries and exits across Thursday August 15, Friday August 16 and Saturday August 17, according to Transport for London (TfL) data.


  Mayor Sadiq Khan hailed the Wembley Stadium performances as part of a “spectacular summer” of concerts in the capital, which proved “London is truly the music capital of the world”.


  During the first three dates of Taylor Swift’s tour in June, Wembley Park saw more than 150,000 entries and exits in a day for the first time since 2019, with 167,237 entries and exits on the Friday June 21 and 153,761 on Saturday June 22. On Sunday June 23 there were 137,059.


  Mr Khan said: “It’s a huge honour that Taylor Swift chose to perform more nights of her record-breaking The Eras Tour in London than any other city.


  “Her eight concerts at Wembley Stadium have seen nearly 700,000 Swifties travel from all corners of the world to be here, boosting our economy and proving that London is truly the music capital of the world. I’d also like to thank the police and security staff in London for all their work in making sure the events went ahead safely.


  “Our spectacular summer of music and sport has seen people make the most of our fantastic transport network, and there is lots more for everyone to enjoy in the coming months as we continue to build a better London for everyone.”


  TfL’s data also shows how hundreds of thousands of concert-goers have been heading to events in east London over recent months.


  Stratford station saw its two busiest days so far this year in June, as Foo Fighters played at the Olympic Park’s London Stadium on June 20 and 22, with 225,785 and 229,952 entries and exits respectively.


  At the nearby Pudding Mill Lane DLR station, TfL said entries and exits remained at a higher level than before the pandemic due to the continuing success of the ABBA Voyage concert four days a week. Despite running for more than two years now, the show remains a major draw for Londoners and tourists alike, with June 2024 seeing more than 162,000 entries and exits at the station across the month.


  Other highlights of London’s summer music calendar have included Green Day and Bruce Springsteen at Wembley Stadium, Burna Boy at the London Stadium, Nicki Minaj, 21 Savage, J Hus and Doja Cat at Wireless Festival in Finsbury Park, and Kylie, SZA and Stray Kids at BST Hyde Park.


  Laura Citron, CEO at VisitLondon.com, said: “Music is a huge tourism driver for London and this summer has been absolutely massive.


  “Taylor Swift’s record-breaking London shows have seen hotel searches up as much as four times higher than 2023 as Swifties entered the capital. Beyond London’s music scene, there’s a fantastic array of festivals, parades, and lush parks for visitors to enjoy these next few weeks.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.