By 

	Thania Garcia


	The holiday hits have vacated the top of the Billboard charts to reveal the first Top 10 hits of the new year. Leading the pack is Jack Harlow‘s “Lovin on Me,” a lone single from the singer whose last appearance on the charts was for his most recent album, “Jackman,” which debuted at No. 8 on the Billboard 200 back in May. 

	“Lovin on Me,” a song that samples Delbert “Dale” Greer’s “Whatever,” is co-produced by Sean Mombeger with Drake and Travis Scott collaborators Oz and Nik D. It became an instant smash when it arrived in November, debuting at No. 2 on the Hot 100. Harlow first arrived at the top of the Hot 100 in 2022 with “First Class,” a song that similarly made an artful interpolation out of Fergie’s “Glamorous.” 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					Snoop Dogg Seals New Pact With NBCUniversal for His Death Row Pictures and a Return to 'The Voice'		
			








	Ahead of officially releasing “Lovin on Me,” Harlow posted a snippet of the suave single to TikTok and the sound became his most-used on the platform, with well over a million creates across numerous iterations of the song. In the latest tracking week, “Lovin on Me” tops the Billboard Hot 100 with 29 million streams and 52 million radio airplay audience impressions, according to Luminate via Billboard.

	“The thing with Jack is, he’s a master at his personality,” Momberger recently told Variety. “His personality is his strongest attribute, so when he does something — how he had the little dog in the [TikTok] video — he’s just so confident. When he came back with this, it was his next, ‘OK, I’m coming back for the radio with an exclamation point.’ I was just confident about the beat, and then when I heard what he did with it, I wasn’t surprised that people liked it. But I was surprised how fast everything moved along from when I made the song to when he dropped the preview to now.”

	New in the Top 10 is Doja Cat’s “Agora Hills” at No. 10. Not surprisingly, the song landed in the Top 10 for the first time since its September release propelled by its steady impact on airplay: the song collected over 39 million radio impressions in the last week. Back in December (Dec. 8 – 14), the single hit the top five of Billboard’s Rhythmic Airplay chart as the most-played song on U.S. monitored rhythmic radio stations in the tracking week while this week it is at No. 2 on the list behind Harlow’s “Lovin on Me.” 

	










	Back on the Hot 100, Swift’s “Cruel Summer” is at No. 2 and Tate McRae earns her first Hot 100 Top Five single with “Greedy” landing at No. 3. Doja Cat secures a second slot on the Top 10 with her single “Paint the Town Red” at No. 4. Filling out the rest of the Top 10 is Zach Bryan and Kacey Musgraves’ “I Remember Everything” at No. 5; SZA’s “Snooze” at No. 6; Tyla’s “Water” at No. 7; Morgan Wallen’s “Last Night” at No. 8 and Luke Combs’ “Fast Car” at No. 9.

	On the albums chart, Swift once again starts the year at No. 1 with “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” earning a sixth nonconsecutive week at the summit with nearly 64,000 units sold. Like previous weeks, Swift has four albums in the top 10 on the new chart, as her chart-topping “Midnights,” “Lover” and “Folklore” are at Nos. 5, 6 and 10, respectively.

	Aside from Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” at No. 8, the remaining Top 10 titles are former No. 1s: Wallen’s “One Thing at a Time” at No. 2; Drake’s “For All the Dogs” at No. 3; Nicki Minaj’s “Pink Friday 2” at No. 4; SZA’s “SOS ” at No. 7 and Zach Bryan’s self-titled album is at No. 9.
The Business of Entertainment