HUNDREDS of thousands of festival-goers attended last week's Glastonbury, some travelling right across the country from our patch to Worthy Farm in Somerset. 


  Now that the festivities are over and the revellers are home - we asked ourselves what would one of the world's biggest festivals look like if it was in Furness, Copeland, Westmorland or the heart of the Lake District? 


  Wonder no more - we used website Glastonbury Map Overlay and put it over some of the towns and notable locations in our patch. 


Barrow


(Image: Glastonbury Map Overlay)


  We start with Barrow. Despite being the most urban area in south Cumbria, Glastonbury would still take the entire centre, Hindpool and parts of Newbarns. The Pyramid Stage, which this year hosted Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, would be between the train station and Barrow Park. 


Kendal


(Image: Glastonbury Map Overlay)


  Whitelake river goes through the Glastonbury grounds from west to east. The river Kent would travel through the grounds from north to south if it was in Kendal. Castle Hill would flank the West Holts Stage - providing a good view over the festival. 


Sandscale Haws Nature Reserve


  Environmental concerns aside - this provides a good measure of how big Glastonbury festival really is. Essentially all of the nature reserve would be covered by the grounds, which saw over 200,000 people this year. 


(Image: Glastonbury Map Overlay)


Ulverston


  The town often provides culturally recognised events such as Another Fine Fest around the Market Street, but Glastonbury would cover the entire area - from the high school to Hoad Hill.  


  The Other Stage, which hosted The National, Avril Lavigne and Soft Play, would be built near the A590 - causing a congestion nightmare. 


(Image: Glastonbury Map Overlay)


Windermere


(Image: Glastonbury Map Overlay) Finally we look at Windermere, one of the busiest places in the Lake District. In this case Glastonbury not only covers the town centre but Orrest Head, the first Wainwright fell. 


  It would mean that festivalgoers heading to the Pyramid Stage would have a bit of a hike - but those performing would have a marvellous view of England's largest natural lake behind the crowds. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.