By
In a new interview with the New York Times, Frank Ocean producer Michael Uzowuru revealed that the award-winning singer/songwriter is working on new music. 
The last album Ocean released was Blonde eight years ago. Uzowuru co-produced the album’s hit song “Nights.” During the interview, Uzowuru revealed that he and Ocean were working on new music in Miami. 
A few months back I spent some time with Michael Uzowuru, the inspiringly self-possessed producer behind some of the best pop music of the past decade. He’s a rare, brilliant talent — Frank Ocean, SZA, and Donald Glover all told me he’s a 1 of 1. https://t.co/BncLVNRQy9
Pleased to work with Uzowuru again, Frank Ocean told the Times, “Me and Michael’s careers exist post-Hip Hop — that genre, that culture, informs both of us greatly. But his appetite has grown; his vocabulary, musically, has grown so much over the time that I’ve known him.”
Uzowuru reciprocated the sentiment, expressing his deep respect for Ocean. “I couldn’t love him or care about him more.” he said. “I’m very grateful for him as a person outside of the work, so it doesn’t matter if we work. I don’t need to work with him, because it’s so much bigger. He’s separate from everyone else. He’s family.”
Michael Uzowuru has become one of pop culture’s biggest producers since 2016. His resume includes Childish Gambino, SZA, Beyonce, SiR, and Vince Staples. Uzowuru contributed to Childish Gambino’s new album, Bando Stone & The New World.
Frank Ocean’s fans have been patiently waiting for new music for years. The icon last performed at Coachella in 2023.
Ocean teased new music on social media in November 2023. The singer’s Instagram Stories shared a preview of an unreleased song. This would be Ocean’s first piece of music since 2020. 
The clip he shared with his followers is untitled, but it is 60 seconds long.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97