This year's instalment will welcome some new stages along with practical improvements
The new Glastonbury site map has been unveiled, revealing some key changes to the 2024 festival.
Festival organisers published the new map last week (May 23) here, which confirms some practical and logistical adjustments across the event – which takes place on June 26 to June 30 at Worthy Farm in Pilton – where Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will headline.
The new layout reveals some previously announced changes, including the giant dragonfly that will replace the the Arcadia spider, and markers for the two new venues, The Wishing Well and Scissors – which will replace the Rabbit Hole after 17 years.
Other changes include the introduction of the Wow stage, formerly Assembly, and a seemingly larger Tree Stage.
There’s also extra toilets, pathway changes and some minor repositioning, which you can check out in full here.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
Glastonbury organisers have gradually been revealing full stage line-ups in recent weeks, most recently dropping the full bill for The Park and its new venues, where Fontaines D.C., Peggy Gou and London Grammar will headline.
Posters for the Left Field, Woodsies, The Glade, the Acoustic Stage, Silver Hayes, The Common and the Theatre And Circus stages have also been revealed.
In other Glasto news, the festival last week announced the 2024 line-up for Block9, and confirmed the return of outdoor dance area Genosys.
The brutalist giant and outdoor dance arena will make its long-awaited return alongside legendary venues The NYC Downlow, The Meat Rack and IICON.
Confidence Man and Bicep were been announced in the latest update, along with Honey Dijon, Eliza Rose, Sophie Lou, Luke Howard and A-Future.
Meanwhile, the festival recently shared details of a new stage dedicated to South Asian talent as part of the Shangri-La area.
Check out the full Glastonbury line-up so far with stage splits here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.