Virgin Radio
8 Jul 2024, 09:10
Credit: Rex
This year’s Glastonbury Festival may have only recently ended, but eyes are already firmly on 2025.
Yes, even though festival-goers are still getting the dust and the smell out of their clothes from the Worthy Farm event, reports are pointing towards who might be headlining next year’s Glasto.
It is being reported that US rapper Eminem is being lined up to headline one of the nights in 2025.
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Michael J. Fox joins Coldplay on guitar during Glastonbury headline set - watch here
Paul Heaton and Norman Cook reunite to perform Housemartins' classic at Glastonbury - watch here
See inside Chris Evans’ Gig in the Garden, starring James Blunt and Sam Ryder
------------------------------------
The MailOnline reports that “talks are already under way to persuade the American star to perform in 2025.”
According to the publication’s source, the festival organisers “are already preparing for a bigger and better line-up next year.”
The source told them that “the bosses want Eminem,” and that they “have everything crossed that he will say yes.”
The hip-hop star, born Marshall Bruce Mathers III, broke into the mainstream in 1999 with his second album, The Slim Shady LP.  He has gone on to have a massively successful career with songs including the likes of The Real Slim Shady, Stan, Lose Yourself and many more. 
Given that Glastonbury doesn’t reveal the line-up before tickets go on sale, it is no surprise that there has been no comment from organisers regarding these reports.
Eminem isn’t the only artist to have been rumoured for next year’s Glasto.  
Other names that have been swirling around include Taylor Swift, Madonna, Spice Girls and more. Read all of the rumours here.
This year, the three headliners were Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, while Shania Twain played the coveted Legends slot. And there were a few surprise appearances too, with Hollywood star Michael J. Fox turning up to play guitar with Coldplay, while Paul Heaton reunited with his old pal Norman Cook - aka Fatboy Slim - for a cracking version of The Housemartins’ Happy Hour.
Next year’s Glastonbury is rumoured to be the final one before Worthy Farm takes a fallow year in 2026 to allow the site to recover from having thousands of fans descend on it every June.
Advertisement
Chris Packham has opened up about how the Springwatch team are preparing to celebrate the show’s...
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit