Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Country music icon Shania Twain will be coming to one of the main stages at Glastonbury over the weekend, joining the likes of Coldplay, Dua Lipa as one of the headline acts. The US singer-songwriter, who is best known for hits including You're Still The One, Man! I Feel Life A Woman! and That Don't Impress Me Much, has said she feels honoured to have been chosen to perform for the Somerset festival goers. 
Posting a message to her fans recent on Twitter/ X, she wrote: "The legends slot at GLASTONBURY 2024 - Another jewel in my crown!! I feel so honoured and so excited about this one! Thinking about what to wear already and tell me, what should we sing together?! Let’s make history with this ultimate dream performance!!"
And posting a video clip on Instagram, she said: "This is a dream come true! I have been asked about Glastonbury now for years and it's finally coming together. I'm packing my wellies and my raincoat, and of course my cowboy hat, so I'll see you in the beautiful Somerset countryside this summer."
READ MORE: Glastonbury 2024: Sunday line-up, stage times and TV schedule
READ MORE: Glastonbury Festival 2024: Temporary road changes including road closures, speed limit restrictions and one-way orders
"Can't wait. This is huge. Honour of my life. I'm so excited!"
Other artists to perform in The Legends have included Lionel Richie, Kenny Rogers, Paul Simon, James Brown and Shirley Bassey. If this is the performance you do not want to miss, see below for more:
Shania will perform on the Pyramid Stage at 3.45pm on Sunday, June 30. and will follow Shania Twain's performance. Her setlist will for one hour and 15 minutes.
The BBC will this year show the five main stages across iPlayer, as well as on BBC One and Two at various points of the weekend. On iPlayer, fans can find continuous live streams from the Pyramid, Other, West Holts, Park and Woodsies stages.
Shania recently performed at the Bakkt Theater, Las Vegas in the USA. Her setlist from the May gig will give us an idea of what she is likely to sing at Glastonbury.
When Shania is on the Glastonbury Pyramid Stage from 3.45pm to 5pm on Sunday, the other main stages will host the following acts:
Other Stage: James and Nothing But Thieves 
West Holts Stage - Steel Pulse
Woodsies Stage - Blondshell
Park Stage - Mdou Moctar, followed by Baxter Dury
Avalon Stage - The Scratch, then The Go! Team