By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:14, 10 May 2024   |  Updated:  01:34, 10 May 2024   
 36
View  comments
Justin Bieber and wife Hailey Bieber put fans in a frenzy after revealing their pregnancy on Thursday.
The superstar couple — who tied the knot in 2018 — took to Hailey's Instagram with a stunning video of their vow renewal in Hawaii to announce that they are expecting their first baby together.
In the scene, Hailey dons a flowing, lacy white dress as the camera zooms in on her blossoming baby bump, with Justin embracing her from behind and gently resting his hands on her belly. 
The scant particulars provided in the social media share, including Hailey's simple caption tagging her husband, left fans clamoring for more information. 
Now, DailyMail.com reveals all the wild details about Justin and Hailey's surprise announcement, below.
Justin Bieber and wife Hailey Bieber put fans in a frenzy after revealing their pregnancy on Thursday 
The superstar couple — who tied the knot in 2018 — took to Hailey's Instagram with a stunning video of their vow renewal in Hawaii to announce that they are expecting their first baby together
Justin and Hailey's due date 
The endearing couple has kept their pregnancy low-key, prompting fans to speculate whether the model's recent preference for loose-fitting clothing was a deliberate choice to conceal her burgeoning baby bump. 
The endearing couple has kept their pregnancy low-key, prompting fans to speculate whether the model's recent preference for loose-fitting clothing was a deliberate choice to conceal her burgeoning baby bump
Now, with the release of the adorable video featuring Hailey proudly displaying her belly, it seems the couple has been keeping their secret under wraps for quite some time. 
TMZ reported that sources with direct knowledge of the couple say Hailey is six months pregnant. 
If true, the couple are about to enter their third trimester soon and a baby could be arriving by end of summer.
Hailey's stunning look 
Supermodel Hailey is well-acquainted with haute couture, and her breathtaking attire for the vow renewal served as yet another testament to her fashion prowess. 
For the occasion, the expectant mother donned an ethereal white lace dress from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello
To complete the look with a touch of glamour, she adorned herself with black Saint Laurent sunglasses.
For the occasion, the expectant mother donned an ethereal white lace dress from Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello. 
The bespoke floor-length gown boasted an off-the-shoulder silhouette adorned with delicate sheer accents. 
She complemented the refined ensemble with a custom lace headscarf, elegantly enveloping her hair and delicately winding around her neck. 
To complete the look with a touch of glamour, she adorned herself with black Saint Laurent sunglasses.
The mom-to-be flashes new ring
In addition to revealing the baby bump, both expectant parents also showcased newly acquired wedding bands. 
The mom-to-be's previous wedding bands, a set of pavé diamond circlets, beautifully encircled her oval-cut engagement ring, gracefully contouring its shape. 
Her latest addition to her jewelry collection is a timeless diamond infinity band, exuding simplicity and elegance
Her latest addition to her jewelry collection is a timeless diamond infinity band, exuding simplicity and elegance. 
Justin sported a matching band, creating a romantic and coordinated gesture between the couple.
Justin teases new music  
Justin's dulcet tones can be heard in the video, in what appears to be a snippet of a new song. 
The song is characterized by its country-inspired guitars and a slow beat, set against video footage capturing his vow renewal ceremony with the model in Hawaii. 
Justin's dulcet tones can be heard in the video, in what appears to be a snippet of a new song
'I’m starting to be open to…' he sings before the video cuts out.
Justin's newest ditty is his first release since teaming up with SZA for an acoustic version of her hit Snooze in September. 
He also featured on Don Toliver's track Private Landing with Future in February 2023.
Pop star held glass of wine during vignette  
In the baby announcement video, Justin was seen holding what seems to be a glass of red wine.
The couple have had enjoyed wine nights as recently as their fifth wedding anniversary, despite the couple referring to the pop star's sobriety journey in the past. 
In the baby announcement video, Justin was seen holding what seems to be a glass of red wine
In 2021, Hailey revealed that helping Justin navigate his sobriety was 'extremely difficult' for her, as it brought back memories of watching her father Stephen Baldwin struggle with his addictions. 
The year before, Justin revealed he relied on drugs as an 'escape' from his life in the spotlight. 
He said he eventually decided to get sober because he was 'dying', adding that people aren't aware of how 'serious' his addictions were.
The pastor who led vow renewal revealed  
The couple's pregnancy arrives almost six years following the couple's courthouse wedding in New York City in September 2018, swiftly following their engagement by only two months. 
Justin and Hailey's special ceremony was led by their pastor Judah Smith
To commemorate their bond, they exchanged vows for a second time a year later in an extravagant wedding ceremony held in South Carolina. 
Now they renewed the vows in Hawaii, which they shared on Instagram. 
Justin and Hailey's special ceremony was led by their pastor Judah Smith. 
Smith took over as Bieber's pastor after the pop star distanced himself from his previous spiritual guide, Carl Lentz, when it was revealed he’d cheated on his wife, per TMZ.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group