Chris Martin noted that the boyband couldn't be present as most of them are currently serving mandatory military service in South Korea
Coldplay have just collaborated with BTS for ‘My Universe’ at Glastonbury… sort of – watch footage of the performance below.
During their record-breaking fifth headlining performance, Chris Martin and co. took some time to shout-out the members of K-pop boyband BTS, majority of whom are currently serving mandatory military service in South Korea.
Despite the K-pop group’s physical absence, their presence was still felt at Worthy Farm, with Coldplay performing ‘My Universe’ with projections of the South Korean act were displayed on the tip of the Pyramid Stage.
IMAGENS DOS MEMBROS DO BTS SENDO PROJETADAS NO PYRAMD STAGE! 💜🤯#ColdplayGlastonbury 🔺 pic.twitter.com/SOr82f31qR
— Forum Coldplay ꩜ (@forumcoldplay) June 29, 2024
Coldplay send love to #BTS during My Universe at Glastonbury Festival with projections of the band on the Pyramid Stage 💜
🔺 #ColdplayGlastonbury pic.twitter.com/WeotxHBVoV
— ColdplayXtra (@coldplayxtra) June 29, 2024
Todos juntos !!! #BTS y #Coldplay
🎶🎶You (you), you are (you are) my universeAnd I (I) just want (just want) to put you first 🎶🎶
Live #Glastonbury 2024 desde el PYRAMID STAGE
Exclusivo para UK 🇬🇧 en BBC | #ToñitoDigitalRadio pic.twitter.com/fIurOYXgNY
— Marco Antonio (@antonio_206) June 29, 2024
Elsewhere during their set, Coldplay debuted a new song with Little Simz, and invited Victoria Canal onstage for ‘Paradise’.
Still set to come this weekend are performances from SZA, Shania Twain, Janelle Monae, The National, Two Door Cinema Club, Avril Lavigne, Justice, Nia Archives, James Blake, Alvvays, Romy and more.
Camila Cabello’s chaotic set scored a three-star rating, while Dua Lipa’s Friday headlining performance earned her four-stars. IDLES and Fontaines D.C nabbed perfect five-star ratings as did the festival’s first K-pop performers SEVENTEEN.
Check back at NME here for the latest news, reviews, interviews, photos, rumours and more from Glastonbury 2024. Follow the NME liveblog for all the action as it happens.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.