Since its premiere last April, Netflix’s Beef, a 10-episode limited series about the deadly feud between two drivers involved in a road rage incident, stars Ali Wong and Steven Yeun have collected multiple accolades for their performances as the embittered motorists. But it’s the relatively unknown Young Mazino as Paul Cho, younger brother to Yeun’s Danny and eventual love interest of Wong’s Amy, whose profile is getting the biggest boost from the 13-time Emmy-nominated show. In the steely standoff between Amy and Danny, it is Paul who becomes collateral damage; he in turn emerges as the beating heart of Beef. The 32-year-old actor, once regarded as an underdog to even be nominated, is now projected to win an Emmy for his breakout role.
Naturally, Hollywood has come calling. Mazino has officially been cast in season two of HBO’s The Last of Us. He’ll play Jesse, a trusted friend to Bella Ramsey’s Ellie. “Young is one of those rare actors who is immediately undeniable the moment you see him,” series cocreators, directors, and executive producers Neil Druckmann and Craig Mazin said in a statement. “We’re so lucky to have him, and we can’t wait for the audience to see Young shine in our show.” Ahead, a look at Mazino’s journey to Beef and what else is keeping him booked and busy.
Paul, referred to as “a sensitive and misbegotten himbo” in Richard Lawson’s review of Beef, is Danny’s listless, live-in brother. He cycles through video games, trips to the gym, and dubious cryptocurrency deals until the road rage incident that sends his family’s life into utter turmoil. “Paul is definitely somebody I understand,” Mazino told Vanity Fair’s Rebecca Ford last year. “I understand his head space and the kind of mentality where you feel like the world is against you and you’re in this bubble.”
Mazino, who was born in suburban Maryland to Korean American parents, said that before he found acting, “at a certain point I might have been Paul,” adding, “but as I continue to grow and pursue art and pursue my truth as a human, I think I morphed out of that.” Like his character, Mazino skipped the traditional collegiate path and moved to New York, where he studied at the Stella Adler Studio of Acting and kept odd jobs before eventually working as a senior business intelligence analyst at Fresh, a skin care and fragrance company whose TikToks he now cheekily appears in. 
“Knowing, in my community where I come from, when you’re a college dropout, there’s a stigma to that,” Mazino told VF. “So all of these things, I tried to amalgamate it into this character I was building.”
He expanded on the similarities he shares with Paul in an interview with Men’s Health. “As a Korean American, you grow up not really feeling like you fit into the schools you go to. And then on Sundays when you go to church, you don’t feel that Korean, like the other kids who are from Korea,” Mazino explained. “When you’re forced to not have a full identity in either culture, you have to create your own.”
“Through the process of migrating, your parents also lose a lot of that culture they left behind,” he added. “They don’t have the time or the energy to catch you up on anything besides the core traditional values. You know, I didn’t even know the Beatles existed until I was in high school. I didn’t know a lot of these things until I got old enough to figure it out on my own. For Paul, whose parents are back in Korea, he’s even more lost in the ether and left to his own devices. Which was something I tried to find through his posture, his clothes, the way he doesn’t quite articulate things very clearly and tends to mumble. He’s kind of a lost boy.”
After his first brush with acting, playing the villainous King Herod in an elementary school production of a Bethlehem play, Mazino was hooked. “Growing up, I was supposed to be this good, well-natured kid, and getting to leave that box was very liberating. That’s when the acting bug bit me,” he told W magazine, before noting the irony of his passion. “King Herod was trying to kill baby Jesus, and I never felt more thrilled in my life. But I still pray, so there’s a bit of a weird duality within.”
Following his biblical beginnings, Mazino appeared in smaller indie films and TV procedurals like New Amsterdam and Blue Bloods. After his breakout role on Beef, he played one of several love interests in SZA’s music video for her Grammy-nominated song “Snooze,” featuring not one, but two of Selena Gomez’s boyfriends, past and present—Justin Bieber and Benny Blanco.
While Beef series creator Lee Sung Jin said at the recent Golden Globes that he’s “definitely ready” for a second season of the show, no official plans for what was originally considered a limited series have been unveiled. “When you have a showrunner like Sonny, that world-building goes so deep that even after we stopped filming, those characters continue to live their lives. I can only surmise what they’re doing, and if Sonny wants to go back into that river and draw that story out, I’m sure that he could,” Mazino previously told GQ, before adding, “I’ve been to the casinos and sometimes it’s good to walk away when you’ve peaked. I personally think it was a perfect ending.”
And although it was assumed in the penultimate episode that Paul had died in a brutal shoot-out involving nearly all of the characters, he did in fact survive. Mazino doesn’t know if he’ll be resurrecting the character, but had made peace with potentially parting ways with the show if it continues. “I have so much trust in this storytelling and in Sonny that if I were to get murked in episode nine, I would have fully embraced that,” the actor said.
In the aftermath of Beef, Mazino’s dance card is filling up. Alongside the second season of The Last of Us, which is set to begin filming this spring, he’s booked roles in Opus, a horror film that boasts fellow Emmy nominees Ayo Edebiri and Murray Bartlett, as well as what appears to be a biopic titled American Dream: The 21 Savage Story. The mysterious project, which dropped its first trailer this month and has no current release date, stars Stranger Things’ Caleb McLaughlin and Donald Glover as versions of the titular rapper.
When asked by GQ about some of his acting inspirations, Mazino listed the late Philip Seymour Hoffman, Tilda Swinton, and Cate Blanchett, in addition to Yeun, who “was paving the way when nobody was in an industry that wanted to keep him as Glenn [in The Walking Dead] and he said, ‘Fuck that.’” Mazino himself is discerning where his burgeoning career bends next. “I’m trying to figure out what path I should go on, if I should try to be more of a chameleon or if I should insert as much of my own essence into these stories,” he said. “But that’s the exciting thing: what projects will come my way and what path I’ll find myself on.”
How Miriam Adelson Went From Big MAGA Winner to Casino Loser in Trump’s First 100 Days
The Truth Underlying Pete Hegseth’s Job Security
“It’s About Him”: How Trump Is Perverting the Presidential Photo Stream
Inside the Case of Kim Kardashian’s Paris Robbery
How Sebastian Stan Became Hollywood’s Most Daring Shape-Shifter
The Ballad of Bill Belichick and Jordon Hudson
Juilliard Is Going Tuition-Free
Elon Musk’s Breeding Spree Is So Much Wilder Than You Thought
Every Quentin Tarantino Movie, Ranked
Meet Elon Musk’s 14 Children and Their Mothers (Whom We Know of)
From the Archive: Sinatra and the Mob
More from Vanity Fair
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vanity Fair may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment