Camila Cabello was quick to turn heads with some left 'baffled' by her Glastonbury Festival performance. The singer, who rose to fame as a member of the pop girl group Fifth Harmony, didn't hold back as she took to the Other Stage at the massive music event on Saturday (June 29).
As she took to the stage, Camilla could be seen sporting a shiny shredded silver top with black hotpants and was joined by one of her backup dancers, who was dressed as an animal and proceeded to rub an ice lolly all over the star's body.
The Cuban-born singer's stage set was also something to talk about, with a metallic swing set and BMX stunt ramp all included with her time at the festival long in the making as she was originally scheduled to perform at Worthy Farm in 2020 before the Covid pandemic.
READ MORE: Gemma Atkinson thanks fans for messages as she shares 'not good' update amid exciting baby milestone
Join our WhatsApp Top Stories and Breaking News group by clicking this link
She rattled through a set list that included June Gloom and Sangria Wine before moving into her dancier tracks, Havana and Bam Bam. And fans of the 27-year-old were also sent wild when she performed her newest track for the first time, Hot Uptown, which featured Canadian rapper Drake.
But Camila's set caused quite the confusion for some, while others hailed her the 'whole package'. @BrookeAnnTyler said: "I wish someone could show me what my face looked like during Camila Cabello’s opening song at Glastonbury because i was genuinely baffled."
@ILUVITmaryoom commented: "The talent Camila has as a performer, songwriter and musician needs to be studied, she’s a whole package. #Glastonbury #CamilaAtGlastonbury." @ben_johns asked: "Why is camila cabello riding around on a bmx at #glastonbury." @badkindofsiren added: "Camila Cabello didn’t leave a single crumb on the plate! She DEVOURED her Glastonbury performance. CAMIBURY #Glastonbury #CamilaAtGlastonbury."
During a BBC interview after her performance, Camila Cabello revealed her experience of Glastonbury differed from the ‘rumours’ she’d heard. "I’d heard it was amazing but it’s muddy and rainy, I feel like we lucked out today," she said, adding the weather was ‘a myth’
"Festival life is for me," she went on, sharing her excitement for SZA and how much she loved watching Dua Lipa and surprise act Kasabian after acting who they were. British people have the best taste," she added.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.