Updated Feb. 3, 2025
We said 2024 was  the Year of Doechi, but clearly we were wrong. Now that the rapper just made Grammy history, we will make a clarification. This year is going to be all Doechii. In case you haven’t heard, the rapper and songwriter had essentially taken over the music industry last year, becoming one of the most exciting new names in rap in quite some time.
As she’s become a name for her musical success, instantly iconic performances, and multiple Grammy nominations and wins, she has also become synonymous with refreshingly honest statements and frank vulnerability. Essentially, Doechii is unapologetically herself in every way, and we can’t get enough.
Join us as we break down some of Doechii’s most exciting, frank and unapologetic moments in 2024.
While Doechii has been at it since she released her debut EP in 2020, she really popped off in 2024 with the release of her mixtape, “Alligator Bites Never Heal.” Earning rave reviews from critics and fans alike, the mixtape earned her major nominations with the Grammys including Best New Artist, Best Rap Album, and Best Rap Performance for her track “NISSAN ALTIMA.”
Her frankness about some  specific and personal subjects has become a key to her signature storytelling style. Take fan favorite track “DENIAL IS A RIVER” for example. A nod to an iconic Wendy Williams quote (“Denial is a river in Egypt, your husband is gay!”), she raps about discovering her boyfriend was cheating on her with a man (in hilarious fashion). 
Pulled from a literal diary entry, Doechii explained that she was going through her boyfriend’s DMs and discovered he was messaging another man. “Mind you this is a guy who is very, ‘I’m straight’...girl, it turns he one of the girls! Which is ok...you could’ve told me that.”
A true example of just how far the music industry has come, Doechii has kept it refreshingly frank about her bisexuality with her fans and in the press. When speaking to Gay Times magazine this year, she explained, “I think I’ve always been gay. I always knew I was gay. I’m currently bisexual. I am with a woman now and I have always known that I loved women. I’ve been very, very aware from an early age.” 
She also has shed light on challenges on her own journey being a bisexual Black woman from the south who grew up in the church, explaining, “There’s a lot of racism and homophobia so it’s hard, it’s very, very hard. Even though I was aware, I didn’t feel as comfortable until I started surrounding myself with more gay friends.”
What Doechii’s not going to do is deal with any hate comments or critiques about plastic surgery. In a recent TikTok, she clapped back at someone who said they would stop following her should she have plastic surgery. Her response said it all.
“I’m gonna keep it so real with you, you should already be out the door because I’ve already had cosmetic enhancements since like 2021,” she revealed in the TikTok. “Y’all really have to stop normalizing making comments like these and just let women do whatever the f*** they want to do with their bodies.”
Doechii has even experienced her own rap beef. Earlier this year the rapper was going back and forth with the always controversial Azealia Banks, after Banks implied online that fans of Doechii’s should call themselves “Wannabes.”
Doechii was having none of this, standing up for herself in the comments of the now-deleted post. “The first time you came for me, I let it slide out [of] respect for my elders. It’s not my fault you sellin’ b**sy soap and I’m sellin’ platinum records. Leave me alone, PLEASE.”
In one of her first hits back in 2022, Doechii took on a term that has been against women for centuries: Crazy. On the song of the same name and its accompanying music video, the rapper forces the audience to face these tropes head-on, with a visual that focuses on the female body but without a sexual lens. 
She explained back in 2022, “Crazy is about un-contained power, creativity, and confidence. People call you crazy when they fear you or they don’t understand you. So, when I use it in the song, I’m reflecting that energy back on them to show them themselves.”
Doechii’s recent appearance on The Breakfast Club also made waves on the internet, as she made it very clear that the problem in her hit “Denial is a River” is not that her ex was interested in other men, it’s that he cheated in the first place. 
When DJ Envy asked if she is okay dating bisexual men today, she asked, “How can I be bisexual and then I’m gonna not date somebody because he is bisexual ...why, because he’s a man?” She added, “I don’t see it that way. I think that sexuality is fluid and I really don’t give a damn.”
With all of her success from “Alligator Bites Never Heal,” it’s clear that the sky is the limit for Doechii, with fans already hoping to see her open for what is shaping up to be one of the biggest tour of 2025: Kendrick Lamar and SZA’s Grand National Tour. While she is keeping it coy as to whether or not the tour rumors are true, one thing is for certain: Doechii is not going anywhere.