Manage your account
The stretch from Thanksgiving to New Year's can feel like a dead space where even the sun doesn't feel like working until the end of the day. (Yeah, I'm still upset about how early it's getting dark.)
But there is plenty to celebrate on Twin Cities stages this week. Here are some of the best concerts taking place this week.
Tuesday, Dec. 3 at Icehouse
The Grammy-nominated Kenyan-American songwriter is taking up residence at Icehouse in December. The residency is named after a track from Ondara's Spanish Villager No:3 album, a blues-driven, ballad-heavy record that added more uptempo beats, drawing in more diverse influences while leaving plenty of space for their powerful voice. The first night of the residency will feature Jeremy Ylvisaker and drummer J.T. Bates as guests. Courtney Hartman and Molly Dean will join up on future Tuesday installments.
More concerts on Tuesday:
Sam Greenfield at Turf Club
The Empty Pockets - MistleTunes Holiday Tour at The Parkway Theater
Stella Prince & Friends at Amsterdam Bar & Hall
Glitterpit w/ Despondent, Neighbor Dog, and Ty and The My Mys at The White Squirrel Bar
The Thing with Lighter Co. at 7th St. Entry
Workers Playtime / Dan Israel at 331 Club
The New Havoline Supremes at The White Squirrel Bar (free)
Wednesday, Dec. 4 at Target Center
The iconic singer's Farewell Tour arrives on Wednesday. It's last call to see the pop star run through her hits on her first arena tour since 2014. Early stops have had Lauper playing more than 15 songs and spending quite a bit of time telling stories, with Variety characterizing it as something akin to a VH1 Storytellers episode.
More concerts on Wednesday:
Greet Death with Prize Horse at Turf Club
Blood Incantation with Midwife at Fine Line
Zeal and Ardor at Varsity Theater
Celebrating the Music of Tom Waits w/ Sean Cosgrove, Mary Cutrufello & Andrew Halling, Lord Jeremy, and others at The White Squirrel Bar
Southside Aces: Christmas in New Orleans at The Dakota
King Caesar w/ Primitive Broadcast Service, Helseher, and Blacklighter at Zhora Darling
Belles with Trevor Martin and Monique Smaz at 7th St. Entry
Late Earl at Berlin
Thursday, Dec. 5 at The Ordway
The fingerpicking giant plays a hometown show at the Ordway. More than 40 years into his career, Kottke continues to be a virtuosic performer. He'll be joined by Nellie McKay, who has a distinctive voice and natural pop sensibility whether she's playing classics or her own, occasionally tongue-in-cheek, compositions.
More concerts on Thursday:
Drew Baldridge with Tori Martin and Dylan Wolfe at Fine Line
Little Fevers with Pleasure Horse, Betty Won't, and Echo Parlor at Turf Club
Bands for the Banned feat. Dad Bod, WBS, Chutes, and Yonder at 7th St. Entry
Cody Steinmann Trio album release show at Berlin
Kiss the Tiger December Residency at Icehouse
Lemon Bucket Orkestra with Ukrainian Village Band at The Cedar Cultural Center
Travis Anderson Trio's "A Charlie Brown Christmas" at The Dakota
Nicotine Addiction's first EP feat. Bad Ives & Glencircle at Amsterdam Bar & Hall
Monica LaPlante, Sex Scenes, Oyster World, and Neo Neos at Palmer's Bar
Calla Mae w/ Lydia, Ray Gun Youth, and Hot Bagels at The White Squirrel Bar
Early Evening Jazz: Dale Alexander at Berlin
Friday, Dec. 6, and Saturday, Dec. 7 at Zhora Darling
More than 40 years after forming, the New York post-hardcore band hasn’t relented. They’re coming to town after releasing a surprise split EP with Hot Water Music, which features the unreleased track “Supercollider” and their cover of Hot Water Music’s “Free Radio Gainesville.” While Hot Water Music isn’t joining them on the road here — they just wrapped a joint European tour — Quicksand will spend two nights at Zhora Darling. Both nights will include a set from fellow New Yorkers Pilot to Gunnar. Night one will also include Unstable Shapes, and both The Rope and Pill Cutter will open on the second night.
More concerts on Friday:
The New Standards Holiday Show at the State Theatre
Church of Cash (Johnny Cash Tribute) at the Turf Club
Tophouse with Griffin William Sherry at Fine Line
Joe Pug & Robert Ellis at The Dakota
Prodrome, Shrive, and Onlytime at Cloudland Theater
Antje Duvekot + Seth Glier at The Cedar Cultural Center
Celebrating the music of Inside Llewyn Davis with Spine Stealers, McKain Lakey, and more at The White Squirrel Bar
Mason Ramsey with Halle Kearns at 7th St. Entry
Viva Knievel - Sleigh Ball at First Avenue
Righteous Rooster at Berlin
Maria and the Coins' 4th Annual Holly Jolly Christmas Show with Molly Brandt and Raegan Elizabeth at Icehouse
Maria and the Coins' 4th Annual Holly Jolly Christmas Show w/ Molly Brandt + Raegan Elizabeth at Icehouse
Hunny Bear w/ Emerson Island and Heliocene at The White Squirrel Bar
Eli Gardiner, Ira Haze and The Straze, and Spaghetti Monetti and The Sauce at Palmer's Bar
Late Night Lounge: Sarah Maricha White at Berlin
Night of Joy, Tender Comrade, and Field Hospitals at 331 Club
Saturday, Dec. 7 at Walker Art Center
Meshell Ndegeocello is bringing a theatrical performance of her new album No More Water: The Gospel of James Baldwin to town as part of the Walker's 2024-25 performance season. The jazz and gospel-infused album puts the neo-soul singer in conversation with one of America's most important thinkers.
Meanwhile, at First Avenue, Extreme Noise Records is hosting another concert in its series celebrating the record store's 30th anniversary. Dillinger Four headlines a lineup that includes Home Front, Canal Irreal, Condominium, and BUIO OMEGA.
More concerts on Saturday:
Dillinger Four, Home Front, Canal Irreal, and more at First Avenue
Quicksand w/ The Rope, Pilot to Gunner and Pill Cutter (night 1) and Pilot to Gunner and Unstable Shapes (night 2) at Zhora Darling
The English Beat at The Dakota
Bloodline, Vinny Franco and the Love Channel, Tarias and the Sound, and The Dalmatian Club at Turf Club
Joe Russo's Almost Dead at Palace Theatre
The New Standards Holiday Show at the State Theatre
Virtual Riot at Uptown Theater
Wolves of Glendale at Fine Line
Flowers Now! A Celebration of Black Elders of the Arts Community at The Cedar Cultural Center
Pissfest featuring Vial at Varsity Theater
Home for the Holidays // Trailer Trash's Trashy Little Xmas Show at The Parkway Theater
Hemma's album preview with Trash Date and Hazelcreak at Icehouse
Mati, Kwey, Gr3g, and Mack OC at Green Room
Edith Head w/ Hot Press and Mean Magic at The White Squirrel Bar
Modern Wildfire, Gentleman Speaker, and Falcon Arrow at Palmer's Bar
gavn! with Kate Yeager and Adam Yokum at 7th St. Entry
Will Schmid Quartet at Berlin
Sunday, Dec. 8 at First Avenue
Curtiss A's annual tribute to John Lennon will bring a parade of local talent to celebrate iconic and familiar music.
More concerts on Sunday:
girli at the Turf Club
Nicholas David's 11th Annual St. Nick's Day Show at The Dakota
Solana, SoL, Eleanor:D & The Boogie Babes at Amsterdam Bar & Hall
Curated by Ross Hutchens feat. Mike McClure at Berlin
Brunch with Thirsty River at Icehouse
Ben Cook-Feltz's 4th Annual Holiday Shindig at The Cedar Cultural Center
Anthony Shore and His All-Star Band: Christmas With Elvis at The Parkway Theater
Serf Revolt w/ The Dirty Pretty at The White Squirrel Bar
Johnny Delaware at 7th St. Entry
Flamenco Holiday Show w/ Twin Cities Flamenco Collective at Icehouse
Emmy Woods & The Red Pine, Ramblers, and Slapdash Bluegrass Band at 331 Club
Church of Cornbread with Cornbread Harris at Palmer's Bar (free)
Just announced concerts:
April 10: AC/DC at U.S. Bank Stadium
April 19: Kendrick Lamar w/ SZA at U.S. Bank Stadium
June 8: Alison Krauss & Union Station at The Ledge Amphitheater (plus shows in Mankato and Duluth)