Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)
I wouldn’t be surprised if Katy Perry was still nominated for Pop Solo performance… We’ll see how the song charts.
There’s absolutely no chance of that. Ariana, Billie, Sabrina, Dua, Taylor, Chappell Roan and Benson as well as potentially Hozier, Doja, Olivia and many more will all be submitting there and have far higher chances than her. I highly doubt that song will be on the minds of voters in October.
“Never Really Over” and “Harleys In Hawaii” were decent songs. I was hoping she’d continue with that direction.
Kudos to Eminem. 4th biggest opening of the year in Spotify with almost 65M.
I´m not really a fan but people really understimate that man´s longevity. Such a solid fanbase
Eminem is a legend. Beyoncé and him are the only artists from the 90s that keep their hype. I would say Shakira too but her album tanked so..
I love the Katy Perry roast all over the internet. She could’ve been a legacy act with dignity but she chose to do the worst thing possible. Faux white feminism song with an alleged rapist. The song fucking sucks too. Now we have girls like Sabrina to make Katy Perry type songs circa 2010.
Eminem will always have that fanbase, i didn’t listened album yet but i heard mixed receptions. Let’s see if the songs will stick around for a few months.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Get real!  Katy Perry does NOT have a chance in hell of getting in Best Pop Solo Performance.  Pure delusion.
Eminem is a legend. Beyoncé and him are the only artists from the 90s that keep their hype. I would say Shakira too but her album tanked so.. 
Shakira’s album might have “tanked” but it’s full of global hits. The album only included a couple of unreleased songs so I say she’s fine.
Imagine if people just casually added “black” to everything a black person did that they didn’t like. 
Honestly you don’t help to overcome the issue and you make yourself look worse.
It's me... Hi
Oh my god just block each other and move on and talk about the Grammys
the last time Katy was nominated was for Dark Horse/Prism, both of which were huge and weren’t widely panned like basically everything she’s released after. It’s safe to write her off this year, and next year as well even if the field is abysmal.
Eminem is a legend. Beyoncé and him are the only artists from the 90s that keep their hype. I would say Shakira too but her album tanked so..
Red Hot Chili Peppers & blink-182 do pretty well
For your 2026 Grammy consideration
Best Dance/Electronic Album:
Anti Up - What Is Life
Zed’s Dead - Return to the Spectrum of Intergalactic Happiness 
Best Dance/Electronic Recording:
Anyma & Ellie Goulding - “Hypnotized”
Sub Focus featuring Katy B - “Push The Tempo”
Zeds Dead - “One of These Mornings”
 Red Hot Chili Peppers & blink-182 do pretty well 
Rock is like a world apart. They are so big for their public but they doesn’t have a crossover to mainstream public.
I truly believe if Britney decided to return to music circa 2021/2022 she would pull high numbers
I truly believe if Britney decided to return to music circa 2021/2022 she would pull high numbers 
She probably wouldn’t. This generation doesn’t click with the type of artist Britney is.
Woman’s World apparently aiming for 75-100 on the Hot 100
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 8)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media