By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

R&B maestro Babyface will return to the Pearl Concert Theater at Palms Casino Resort in Las Vegas over three weekends this year. The shows will be held over Memorial Day weekend on Saturday, May 25 and Sunday, May 26; Labor Day weekend on Saturday, Aug. 31 and Sunday, Sept. 1; and Friday, Nov. 8 and Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024.

	In preparation for the series, his team shot a promo video inspired by Nicole Kidman’s classic AMC commercial, with director ReelhouseLV mimicking that clip frame by frame (and Babyface wearing a killer pinstriped suit) to announce his upcoming dates at the Pearl.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					How to Watch NBA Play-In Tournament 2025 Online Without Cable		
			








	According to the announcement, Babyface will perform a selection of his own hits (“Whip Appeal,” “Every Time I Close My Eyes,” “When Can I See You Again”) as well as songs he has written and produced for artists ranging from Whitney Houston to Michael Jackson, Madonna to Boyz II Men, and more. Although he hasn’t said he’ll perform the song during these shows, he cowrote SZA’s smash “Snooze,” from her Grammy-winning 2022 album “SOS.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Cowriter Khris Riddick-Tynes told Variety, “I was in Atlanta when I got the call from Babyface to co-produce his ‘Girls Night Out’ album, telling me that the first session with SZA was the following day. Rushing back to L.A., I did the drums on the flight, and the next day, with the collaborative efforts of Leon, BLK, and Babyface, we brought the track over the finish line — the song flowed out of her in 20 minutes. It was pure magic.”

	Palms VP of entertainment and activations Crystal Robinson-Wesley said of the upcoming concerts, “We are thrilled to welcome the legendary music artist Babyface to Pearl Concert Theater at Palms Casino Resort,” “His multi-night engagement marks a significant milestone for us as the first exclusive performance series since reopening. Babyface’s timeless talent and energetic stage presence promise an unforgettable experience for our guests, and we couldn’t be more excited to showcase his artistry in our iconic venue.” Babyface played a sold-out show at the venue last fall.
The Business of Entertainment