Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 14)
Right now I have the main 6 (not Ariana, I’m boldly predicting snubs in the GF for her) in AOTY, thinking of going Post Malone maybe? Trying to think of an 8th spot though, Vampire Weekend still doesn’t feel right. Can someone sell me on Jacob Collier?
Look AOTY is going to Billie. She is winning that award no way they won’t give to her and prob next year Taylor will win again come on now she is white . Am more focused on the other awards.
 he seems more likely to duet with artists with the power to score a solo top three on 10 albums in a row, rather than artists with absolute zero in the streaming era. 
. @ladygaga becomes the female artist with the most monthly listeners on Spotify currently surpassing  @billieeilish. pic.twitter.com/p9iwONaLVT
— Spotify Daily Data (@spotify_data) October 20, 2024
Wizkid & Brent Faiyez’s “Piece of My Heart” became the first song to hit 1m single-day Spotify streams in Nigeria. Spotify only launched there 2yrs ago, so quite impressive.
Average age is 19y, with 40% of population < 15y, and leanings towards Afrobeats, Urban & Trap, so next albums from SZA, Doja, Travis, Drake, Gunna, Ice, Lil Baby will see more global numbers.
Rihanna was overwhelmingly popular, loved and overplayed in Naij ever damn year I went, she’d probably blast that number with a new album. Beyoncé, Drake, Adele, Cardi, Nicki, Chris Brown, and Shakira could still be carried by the 90s kids. 
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
Honey, Jacob Collier is NOT happening in Album of the Year.  He was a committee pick a few years ago.
 He has one nomination and award in this category so far. It’s not like he’s a force in Pop Duo lol. Die With A Smile is winning because it’s the biggest eligible song. 
 but he is a grammy force in general…he never lost a nom since 2014 or 2016
 bruno is never losing in pop duo
The narrative of Bruno will never lose here is crazy when Gaga’s the one that won it twice. The one time Gaga did lose was with a Jazz cover and it lost to a huge hit by two artists that both had amazing years, this year that’s not the case at all
“Every time someone tries to win a war before it starts, innocent people die. Every time”
– Gaga has won a whopping 7 across Pop.
– Bruno got 3 (1 for every Pop era).
– Both combined will clear Pop Duo. 
Best to focus on that and leave 2026 arguments for 2026.
Time heals everything…don’t end it…wait it out.
wow, Charli’s two albums being pushed as one was supposedly doing over 150k this week but ended up with 105k, not even getting a new peak.
So about 50% of her predicted actual sales were thrown out as fraudulent, much like Paris Hilton.
Yet another example of ‘brat girl summer’ domination being mostly social media smoke and mirrors.
before you post stupid chart stats please ask yourself:
is this relevant?
is this significant?
why am i posting this? is it because i actually think other users need to know, or is it because i have a random vendetta against the artist?
thank you😁
Next Monday, A Bar Song should be the first song to have 13 weeks atop both the radio and digital sales charts.
Uptown Funk was the only one with 12 weeks atop both.
I think it’ll do better than some people are expecting. The biggest minus is that there’s ~zero interest in him outside of the one song.
 The narrative of Bruno will never lose here is crazy when Gaga’s the one that won it twice. The one time Gaga did lose was with a Jazz cover and it lost to a huge hit by two artists that both had amazing years, this year that’s not the case at all 
Well, the competition is also two artists with a successful year (Post and Taylor) but we still know that DWAS is going to win.
It's me... Hi
 The narrative of Bruno will never lose here is crazy when Gaga’s the one that won it twice. The one time Gaga did lose was with a Jazz cover and it lost to a huge hit by two artists that both had amazing years, this year that’s not the case at all 
 sorry i totally forgot gaga is also a grammy force ! Probably the best one when it comes to pop
Apparently… Tyla’s album was submitted to R&B Album and moved to Pop …. (Seen this on twitter) did an actual publication confirm this ? lol i don’t think they would’ve actually sent that album there
 sorry i totally forgot gaga is also a grammy force ! Probably the best one when it comes to pop 
I think she’s only a Grammy force when it comes to genre awards. She still hasn’t won a General Field Grammy.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 14)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				1 hour ago			

				56 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

				4 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media