We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
The show is on a short break.
Casualty spoilers follow.
Casualty fans will have a bit of a wait before the next episode, as the show is currently on a short break.
Last weekend, the BBC aired coverage of this year’s Glastonbury Festival, with Coldplay headlining the Pyramid Stage on Saturday night – meaning there was no new episode of Casualty. 
Related: Best streaming services UK 2024
The disruption continues this week, as tonight (July 6), both BBC One and BBC Two will be busy providing coverage of Euro 2024 and Wimbledon, in a packed summer of sporting action.
This means that, unfortunately, Casualty won't air once again, and the next new episode of the show will hit our screens next week, on Saturday, July 13.
As a result of these schedule changes, there also won't be a new episode released early on iPlayer today, with normal service resumed next week.
After a short break of two weeks, fans will be eagerly awaiting the next visit to the ED, as the latest episode – the second instalment in the "Storm Damage" box set – provided some shock twists.
Related: Casualty's Kellie Shirley on the ED's newest character Sophia
During a shift, Stevie met firefighter Rich, and there was an instant connection between them, though Stevie was put off when she spotted a wedding ring on his finger.
The pair started texting, and while Stevie was cautious about pursuing things with Rich, Siobhan reminded her that life is too short and encouraged her to call him.
But in the latest episode came the shocking reveal that Rich is, in fact, Siobhan’s husband, and she unknowingly encouraged an affair between him and Stevie.
Related: Casualty – all the biggest summer stories in new trailer
In the same episode, Iain put himself in danger when he saved a man from a car that was sinking underwater, and Faith was left concerned about his heroics and what it meant for her family.
At the end of the episode, Iain was out with Faith and her son Luka when he got on the wrong side of a group of men looting a car.
The gang then brutally attacked Iain, leaving Faith and Luka terrified. What will this mean for Iain and Faith’s relationship? 
Casualty airs on Saturday nights on BBC One and now streams first on BBC iPlayer, where episodes are released at 6am on the day of transmission.
Read more Casualty spoilers on our dedicated homepage
Lorraine Kelly reveals she’s having surgery
Netflix drops first trailer for horror sequel
EastEnders' Michelle Collins explains Cindy return
Matt Damon spy trilogy now streaming for free
Emmerdale star breaks silence on dramatic split
Drag Race All Stars 10 confirms guest judges
Nolan's Batman trilogy is on TV this weekend
Tom Cruise on how he prepares for M:I stunts
First look at Avatar: Fire and Ash
This Morning star admits she feared being fired
Emmerdale's Ruby confirms Joe and Noah truth
Blue Prince creator is "relieved" the game is out
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.