If you tune in to the Grammy awards this Sunday, former Richmonder Lucy Dacus and her band boygenius have been nominated for six Grammy awards, including Best Album of the Year for “The Record.”
The band, which is made up of singer-songwriters Julien Baker, Phoebe Bridgers and Dacus, has been described as an indie supergroup.
Lucy Dacus and her band, boygenius, with Phoebe Bridgers and Julien Baker have been nominated for six Grammys, including Best Album of the Year.
Other nominees for Best Album of the Year include Taylor Swift’s “Midnights,” Miley Cyrus’ “Endless Summer Vacation” and Olivia Rodrigo’s “GUTS.”
The band boygenius has also been nominated for Best Record of the Year and Best Rock Performance of the Year for “Not Strong Enough,” as well as for Best Alternative Music Album for “The Record.”
SZA leads the way with nine Grammy nominations. Taylor Swift made history by becoming the first person with seven nominations in the prestigious song of the year category. Here's the full list.
On Halloween, boygenius played a sold-out concert at The Hollywood Bowl, which included a special appearance of the Foo Fighters’ Dave Grohl on drums.
It has been an incredible year for the band. The members released their debut album, “The Record,” which was dubbed an “instant classic” by music magazines and landed them on the cover of Rolling Stone.
A post shared by boygenius (@xboygeniusx)
They played the SXSW music festival in Austin, Texas; Coachella in California; and the All Things Go Music Festival in Washington, D.C., and have appeared on many late-night shows, including “Jimmy Kimmel Live!” and “The Late Show with Stephen Colbert.”
Lucy Dacus, 28, grew up in Mechanicsville and graduated from Maggie L. Walker Governor’s School in 2013. She also studied film at Virginia Commonwealth University before pursuing music full time. In 2019, Dacus moved to Philadelphia and, according to reports, has since moved to Los Angeles.
Dacus, 28, grew up in Mechanicsville and graduated from Maggie L. Walker Governor’s School in 2013. She also studied film at Virginia Commonwealth University before pursuing music full time. In 2019, Dacus moved to Philadelphia and, according to reports, has since moved to Los Angeles.
The 2024 Grammy Awards will air Sunday live on CBS and Paramount+ from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
Colleen Curran
(804) 649-6151
ccurran@timesdispatch.com
Living Editor
Former Richmonder Lucy Dacus has been tapped to perform on “Saturday Night Live.” 
Former Richmonder Lucy Dacus is on the cover of February’s Rolling Stone magazine, along with her boygenius band partners Julien Baker and Pho…
One of Richmond’s most successful singer-songwriters, Lucy Dacus, is swinging into town this week for a concert on Brown’s Island. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.