Taylor Swift performs at Wembley Stadium in June, in London. (Gareth Cattermole/Getty Images/TNS)
NEW YORK — Once again, Taylor Swift is on top among the list of nominations announced Tuesday for the upcoming MTV Video Music Awards.
NEW YORK — Once again, Taylor Swift is on top among the list of nominations announced Tuesday for the upcoming MTV Video Music Awards.
The pop superstar leads the pack with 10 total nominations as she looks to extend her record-breaking streak for video of the year. She would become the only artist to three-peat and win five times overall in the annual ceremony’s biggest category.
She already holds the record for the most video of the year trophies.
This year, she’ll duke it out against Ariana Grande’s “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love),” Billie Eilish‘s “Lunch,” Doja Cat’s “Paint the Town Red,” Eminem’s “Houdini” and SZA’s “Snooze” for video of the year.
The “Shake It Off” singer netted nine VMA nominations in 2023 and won the top prize for “Anti-Hero.” The year before that, Swift took home the main Moonman for “All Too Well: The Short Film.” She also got the trophy for “You Need to Calm Down” in 2019 and “Bad Blood” in 2015.
Post Malone, her “Fortnight” collaborator, came in second with nine nods, while newcomer Sabrina Carpenter, Eminem and Grande garnered six a piece.
Previous VMA winners Megan Thee Stallion and SZA netted a total of five 2024 nominations.
Beyoncé, who shook up the country music scene with her chart-topping “Cowboy Carter” opus earlier this year, received only one nod this year with “Texas Hold ‘Em” for song of the year. Shaboozey, an artist featured on the groundbreaking project who currently has the No. 1 song in the country —”A Bar Song (Tipsy)” — is among the 29 first-time VMA nominees.The 29-year-old joins other freshman artists such as Jelly Roll, Teddy Swims, Burna Boy, Coco Jones and Morgan Wallen.
The VMAs will air live from Nassau County’s UBS Arena on Sept. 10 at 8 p.m.
Fans can vote in 15 categories, including video of the year, through Aug. 30 at vote.mtv.com.
The best new artist competition is open all the way through showtime on Sept. 10.
A host has not yet been announced.

Hawaii Attorney General Anne E. Lopez filed a lawsuit against oil companies today.
Hawaii Attorney General Anne E. Lopez filed a lawsuit against oil companies today.
Police are investigating a possible drowning that occurred in Kona Wednesday night...
Police are investigating a possible drowning that occurred in Kona Wednesday night...
It appears a plea deal is in the works for Hawaii basketball figure Alika Smith....
It appears a plea deal is in the works for Hawaii basketball figure Alika Smith....