Glastonbury Festival organisers have confirmed the 2024 lineup seeing big names Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline the iconic event. 


  The headline announcements mark the first time in Glastonbury history that two of three headline slots have been taken by women


  Alongside the headliners, the festival event organisers also confirmed that 'Man I Feel Like A Women' singer Shania Twain would also be covering the 'legend slot' on Sunday afternoon.


  While Dua Lipa and Coldplay have become well-known household names in the UK, some Glastonbury fans may be unfamiliar with American artist SZA.


  SZA, or Solana Rowe is an award-winning R&B singer-songwriter who gained attention following her self-released EPs 'See.SZA.Run' and 'S'.


  In 2014, she got her first spot on the American music charts, Billboard 2000 when her EP 'Z' peaked at No.39.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by SZA (@sza)






A post shared by SZA (@sza)


  A few years later in 2017, SZA released her debut album 'Ctrl' which reached No.3 on the Billboard charts and her single, 'Love Galore' with rapper Travis Scott was her first song to enter the top 100.


  'Ctlr' went on to become certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) and saw SZA later be nominated for four Grammy Awards.


  While gaining popularity in America, SZA gained global attention when she was featured on Kendrick Lamar's 'All the Stars' for Marvel's Black Panther soundtrack.


  The song was nominated for a Gloden Globe and an Oscar for Best Original Song.


  SZA later featured on Doja Cat's 'Kiss Me More' which became the longest-running all-female collaboration and earned her a Grammy for  Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.


  In December 2022, SZA dropped her second album, 'SOS' which gained praise around the world and entered the UK's Top 10 albums chart.


  Throughout her career, SZA has been nominated for 24 Grammy's and won four.


  SZA has won the following Grammys:


Glastonbury Festival is being held from June 26 to June 30.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.