Glastonbury Festival announced the first round of acts for this year's event. Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA are set to headline the Pyramid Stage in June. Canadian singer Shania Twain will take the 'legends slot' on Sunday afternoon. Bristol band Idles and The National will be the main acts on the Other Stage.
Despite mixed reviews, festival goers are excited to spend their time "meeting old friends, making new ones and discovering new music." To survive a major event like this you will need, comfy shoes, snacks, clothes you don't mind getting dirty, toiletries, and most importantly a sturdy tent. 
Fortunately, we have you covered! Amazon is selling Coleman octagon tent for £131.49 from 181.47 in its major spring sale. That is almost £10 cheaper than Decathlon's QUECHUA Camping tent for 4 people. 
READ MORE Campaign to raise over £4,500 for Frome students to receive free period packs 
READ MORE Win £100 Aldi voucher this Easter to help with your Spring spending
Coleman Tent is currently Amazon's number one best seller. This tent includes stable steel pole construction, sewn-in groundsheet, and is 100 per cent waterproof. It also comes in four colours, orange, green, blue/grey, and blackout green. 
The large tent, which can hold 8 people, has a 360-degree view plus enhanced ventilation, six large windows, a mesh roof for maximum air circulation and two hinged doors for easy access. With a 4.5 star rating from over 2,500 customers, campers have said they love "the quality, ease of assembly, storage space, and waterproofness of the tent."
A happy customer raved: "Go camping every year and wanted a larger standing tent, so purchased this. The tent was super easy to put up and very big inside. The tent held up very well in the torrential rain of North Wales. The rain was pretty bad and even the grass underneath the tent started to flood with pools of water, but the bottom of the tent held up really well as there were no leakages which was great.
"There was only a very small area where I found a few drops of rain inside the tent but apart from that it was perfect. It’s very well ventilated with the mesh windows but can get chilly at night during colder temperatures but it was a lot colder than expected for the end of July. Can’t wait to use it again on our next trip."
Another person commented: "Bought this tent for a festival as my old tent had become worn out and I wanted something I could entertain in. The Cortes Octagon 8 certainly hit the spot. On the Friday of arrival at the festival site (in beautiful Blessington, Wicklow, Dublin, Ireland) rain was light, the weather was warm and the sun was even breaking through the clouds.
"Not having read the setup instructions in advance (or even yet tbh) it took about 20 minutes to pitch on my own. Once the music ended, I and 15 of my closest friends were able to party in the tent (yes, 16 people partying inside) until dawn. I recommend this tent for parties and festivals in the summer, or where it's warm. 
"For 4 season use modifications would be needed (addition of doorway coverings to the outer skin and an insulating layer between the inner and outer skins would make this a very effective, lightweight and portable yurt."
You can also buy a tent for a similar price at Argos, this  6-person Camping Tent is selling fast for only £130. Don't miss the Amazon spring sale that ends March 25.