Those who missed out this year's Glastonbury Festival action can try to bag tickets for next year's 'exciting' event, with organisers 'already in talks' with acts. Emily Eavis said they'd 'almost have to fit two years into one' as the event would be taking a 'fallow' year in 2026.
Thousands of people travelled to Worthy Farm in Somerset for this year's music spectacle, which saw Coldplay bring on Hollywood star Michael J Fox, 63, for part of their set on Saturday. Crowds also had Shania Twain, 58, taking Sunday's coveted Legends Slot before SZA, 34, closed the show on the Pyramid Stage.
Emily, the 44-year-old daughter of festival founder, Michael, described this year's event as "the best one yet". She told The Sun: "Every single one of our vast, incredible crew is crucial to making this event work. And, of course, it simply wouldn't exist without the participation of the kind, brilliant, respectful festivalgoers."
READ MORE: Wildfire rips through Zante as warning in place on Greek holiday island
She told the publication that plans for next year's festival were already under way, ahead of the scheduled break in 2026. She said: "(It will) give the land a rest. The festival before a fallow year is always a fun one to plan, because you almost have to fit two years into one. We're already in talks with some acts for it. It's exciting! "
Reflecting on what the festival meant to people, she added: "I think people here show a better way to live, and that they do take a little bit of that back to the outside world with them. It honestly restores your faith in humanity."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.