To read this article, you must have a Bravo subscription.
The RHOBH alum shared a peek at her daughter's "beautiful" night and stunning dress: "I cannot believe..."
Taylor Armstrong was in disbelief over her baby girl’s latest milestone. 
Watch The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills on Peacock and Bravo.
On Saturday, May 18, The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills alum blessed fans with several peeks at her daughter Kennedy Armstrong’s senior prom night. That’s right: That adorable 4-year-old girl who appeared on RHOBH Season 1 is all grown up.
Taylor began by posting a video at Mission San Juan Capistrano, a gorgeous Orange County landmark where Kennedy and her friends snapped their pre-prom photos. 
“I am at the Mission in San Juan Capistrano. It’s so beautiful here,” Taylor said while highlighting the Spanish mission’s garden. “Kennedy and all of her friends just took their prom pictures here. I cannot believe she is about to go to her senior prom. But what a beautiful background here at the Mission.”
Here's What You May Have Missed on Bravo:
The RHOC 'Wives Reveal Where They Stand Today During a Stylish Holiday Girls' Night
Taylor Armstrong Has a Surprising Take on Whether Kyle Richards & Lisa Vanderpump Can Ever Be Friends
Where to Watch and Stream Every Season of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
Taylor returned to the ’Gram several minutes later to show off her daughter’s stunning prom night transformation. The clip began with Kennedy and her classmates standing side-by-side while rocking blue loungewear sets. The girls then ran toward the camera and covered the lens with their bouquets, before the video cut to them all dressed up in their formal attire. 
Kennedy was seen in a dark strapless gown with a dramatic leg slit and cascading ruffles down the skirt. She completed the look with gold accessories, including geometrical drop earrings, a sleek bangle, and a cross pendant necklace. As for hair and glam, the high schooler wore a dewy makeup look and a fully down hairstyle with soft waves.
Senior prom
Kennedy also shared a glimpse at her prom night ensemble in a May 18 TikTok video, in which she and her friend danced and lipsynced to SZA’s “Saturn.”
Fans got a quick update on Kennedy during The Real Housewives of Orange County Season 17 when Taylor joined the series as a friend. The former ’Wife — who now lives in the OC with her second husband, John Bluher — shed more light on her relationship with Kennedy, whom she described as a “regular teenager.”
“I mean, good days, bad days, mad at me, happy with me — I never know what I’m gonna get when I wake up with Kennedy,” Taylor said in Season 17 Episode 8. “And she probably doesn’t know with me, either.”
The Midwest native opened up about Kennedy’s post-high school plans in a recent interview with Us Weekly, saying her daughter had yet to decide on her next steps.
“At this point, I found that it’s best for me to let go a little bit when it comes to letting her make her own decisions,” she explained. “I’ve raised her as best I can, and I trust her implicitly. She’s a good kid, and I just know at this point rather than telling her what to do, I’ll just say, ‘You make your own decision.’”
RELATED: Revamp Your Closet With Chic Real Housewives of Beverly Hills- Inspired Merch
Xfinity is raising the bar. Stream your favorite shows with low lag for a smooth connection, even when everyone is online at once. You can even power hundreds of devices, so you never have to miss a moment.
Get news and updates about your favorite shows, plus 3 free credits to watch locked content.
Peacock is the streaming home of your favorite Bravo shows plus so much more.