This weekend, Grammy Award-winning mega band Kings of Leon are heading to London as part of American Express presents BST Hyde Park.


  The annual summer concert series welcomes some of the biggest names in music onto the Great Oak Stage with previous years including Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Adele and more.


  This year, 'Use Somebody' singers Kings of Leon are set to wow crowds as they headline a jam-packed Sunday with guests including Paolo Nutini and The Vaccines.


  If you were lucky enough to get tickets to see Kings of Leon at BST Hyde Park, here's everything you need to know.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)






A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)


  The 'Sex on Fire' rock band will be heading to BST Hyde Park on Sunday, June 30 following SZA's opening show on Saturday, June 29.


  On June 30, doors for BST Hyde Park will open at 2pm with the first performance set for 2.50pm.


  Kings of Leon will have support from four acts on the Great Oak stage, but there will be many other acts across the four stages. 


  The lineup for the main stage is CANNONS, Gary Clark Jr, The Vccines, Paolo Nutini and Kings of Leon.


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  BST has revealed the full set times for all stages including the Great Oak Stage, you can see the set times for the main stage below and download the BST for all other times.


  The Great Oak Stage


  If you haven't got tickets to Kings Of Leon yet, you're in luck as there are still tickets on sale at the time of writing. 


  For general admission, tickets start at £111.85 per person and rise to £252 for a selection of VIP tickets. 


  You can buy tickets via the BST Hyde Park website.


RECOMMENDED READING


Find out what the BST Hyde Park bag policy and prohibited items are for 2024


  All shows are expected to finish around 10 pm with local guidance seeing all last no longer than past 10.30 pm. 


  But if you are in a rush to get home you'll want to head out a few songs early to beat the crowd, but don't worry you'll still be able to hear all the brilliant music. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.