Photo: Getty Images
Tyler, the Creator brought together a mixture of iconic artists and gave fans a glimpse of what to expect at his upcoming world tour during the 10th anniversary of Camp Flog Gnaw. The West Coast native called on thousands of music lovers to invade Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles to witness a weekend full of incredible performances from himself and various artists. Following rare sets from Doechii, Vince Staples, Ma$e and more, Tyler hit the stage on Saturday night, November 16, to bring songs from his new album CHROMAKOPIA to life for the first time. 
Fans in L.A. and those watching the livestream on Amazon Prime and Twitch were locked in from the second the intro "St. Chroma" came on. The audience recited every lyric as loud as possible while Tyler rocked his new signature haircut, face mask and the iconic uniform from his album cover. He danced and raged on top of the infamous cargo container from his music videos while he ran through each song. Once he got to his stand-out hit "Sticky," Tyler brought out Sexyy Red who performed her verse and twerked to the infectious beat. Later on, he invited ScHoolboy Q to perform his verse on "Thought I Was Dead" followed by Doechii and Daniel Caesar to perform "Balloon." 
The festival was the epicenter of various rare moments. Following Tyler's set, the festival continued on day two with stand-out performances from André 3000, Erykah Badu, Earl Sweatshirt, Mustard, Blood Orange and Playboi Carti. The Gnaw stage closed out with a stunning tribute to the late MF DOOM in honor of the 20th anniversary of his 2004 album MM..FOOD. Scroll below to see more wild moments from the 10th annual Camp Flog Gnaw. 
Doechii brings out SZA during her set 
Ma$e performs his hit "Lookin' At Me" & "Mo Money Mo Problems" 
Mustard cuts off Drake's "Crew Love" to play Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar's "Like That" 
Erykah Badu performs during MF DOOM's tribute with Madlib 
Playboi Carti brings out The Weeknd to perform "Timeless"