Glastonbury festival-goers who managed to snap up tickets before they sold out in less than 40 minutes have said they are “excited” to be among the lucky few going to the event in Worthy Farm, Somerset.
The passes went on sale at 9am and event organisers said at 9.35am all the tickets were gone, leaving some fans stuck in the online queues disappointed and others delighted.
Anna, who did not give her surname, told the PA news agency that many of her friends missed out on securing passes.
The London-based civil servant, 26, said: “There were 72 people in our friendship group trying and only two managed to get tickets for 12 people so it was mental – only one person in our small group has gone before so we’re all really excited.
“I’m excited to say that I’ll actually be going, considering previous main stage acts are all huge, huge names so the whole thing is really exciting.”
Prices were £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, which is an £18.50 rise from the 2024 cost of £355 plus a £5 booking fee.
On X, the event said: “Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now sold out.
Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now Sold Out. Thanks to everyone who bought one and sorry to those who missed out, on a morning when demand was much higher than supply.
There will be a resale of any cancelled or returned tickets in spring 2025.
— Glastonbury Festival (@glastonbury) November 17, 2024
“Thanks to everyone who bought one and sorry to those who missed out, on a morning when demand was much higher than supply. There will be a resale of any cancelled or returned tickets in spring 2025.”
Richard Jefferson, 56, told PA that before the Covid-19 pandemic he had only missed out on one Glastonbury since 1997, explaining he “somehow missed 2000 when Bowie headlined sadly”.
His luck had gone downhill in recent years – after being able to attend 19 times – but turned around for next year.
“I have failed to get tickets for the last three which has been painful. I went away and avoided watching on the telly and had given up hope of going again so was a huge surprise this morning,” he said.
“It’s simply the best place on earth for almost six days, nothing touches it musically. I’m absolutely chuffed.”
Seller See Tickets thanked “everyone who bought tickets this morning” and sent a message of “sorry to those who missed out”.
Last year, the main tickets were gone in less than an hour after being put on sale at 9am.
The first group of 2025 tickets for coach travel went in less than 30 minutes earlier this week.
Tickets for @Glastonbury Festival 2025 are now SOLD OUT. Confirmation emails are going out now. Thank you to everyone who bought tickets this morning and sorry to those who missed out.
— See Tickets (@seetickets) November 17, 2024
Festival organiser Emily Eavis has previously said 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury to allow the land to rest and recover.
However, she is already in talks with acts to headline in 2025 after this year saw two women top the Pyramid Stage bill, Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday, as well as having Shania Twain in the Legends slot.
The 2024 festival also saw Coldplay make history as the first act to headline the festival five times.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.