“I don’t agree with that [classification], because why is that the only thing you heard me talking about?” she told Denis.
“That’s the only thing that you got out of everything I just said? You just heard me say ‘c–chie’? I hate when they say that.”
Sexyy Red has risen to prominence within the last 18 months through singles such as “Pound Town” and “SkeeYee.” The emerging artist’s blunt lyrics and distinct delivery has led some to question whether or not she is the “most outrageous new voice” in Hip-Hop.
“To the world outside, Sexyy Red is a rookie provocateur, but here in the club, she was a blunt-force truth-teller — and that psychic friction gave the crowd permission to laugh, exalt, twerk, spill their drinks and shout along at volumes that make joy sound something more like madness,” Chris Richards of The Washington Post wrote in the publication’s 2023 piece, “Is Sexyy Red the most outrageous new voice in rap?”
However, the Midwestern artist believes her music is more than what it is made out to be to the outside world. Rather, she’s just rapping about her day to day life and everything that’s going on around her.
“I just rap about my daily life,” she continued.
“Girls that live like me, I just rap about what we go through. I don’t sit and talk about c–chie all day.”
Sexyy Red is riding high after a year filled with SZA collaborations, Billboard chart appearances and shows with Drake. As she enters the next stage of her career, her potential appears limitless.
“Perhaps that’s what the future of hip-hop looks like under a Sexyy Red dynasty: a scene where a young woman can captivate a nation with her own perspective and narrative while also giving a voice to the place some of the culture’s most overlooked movers and shakers come from,” Denis concluded.
“And where none of that is just a performance.”
©Copyright 2024 DefPen.com. All rights reserved.
Def Pen is a registered trademark. DefPen.com is part of the Def Pen Media Group, LLC.
Input your search keywords and press Enter.