SZA's most iconic looks will inspire you to take CTRL of your closet.
The Grammy winner's style has gone through transformations over the years, but she never hits snooze when it comes to fashion.
"Honestly, I love getting into character, so the more costume-y you can make it, the more fun I'm gonna have," the singer—real name Solána Imani Rowe—told Popsugar in 2018. "As soon as I can depart from me and my Solána nervousness, then I can just pretend I'm in Narnia."
As for one of SZA's most risky looks? That would be her 2018 Met Gala ‘fit from Versace, which she said was worth the pain it caused that night.
"The Met Gala [dress] had matching boots, and I had torn my ligament a couple days before so I had to use a cane," she shared. "I was in so much pain, I couldn't even express that. And then my crown broke, like, 40 times, and I'm like, ‘Oh my god, not the atelier!'" 
Despite her fashion emergency that night, SZA has continued to slay on and off the red carpet with her bold and stunning designs.
One reason her looks just hit different? That's all thanks to the mastermind behind her ensembles, stylist Alejandra Hernandez.
"Things that I always try to have for her are big jeans, like men's straight leg jeans," Alejandra explained to Vogue in 2023. "She loves varsity jackets, so I always have those for a fitting. She loves vintage, especially the 1990s and the early 2000s."
And while SZA loves a more "costume-y" look, she also plays with what she calls her "comfortable streetwear outfits" for performances, as seen on her recent SOS tour, which kicked off in February 2023.
To see the R&B artist's fashion evolution and best looks of all time, keep reading.
Flaunting In Floral
SZA attended her first Grammys in 2016.
Making Her Mark
The 28-year-old performed at the 2017 BET Awards following the launch of her debut album, CTRL.
Heavenly Bodies
She looked celestial in her blush pink Versace gown at the 2018 Met Gala.
Pretty In Pink
The rapper stunned at the 2018 MTV Music Video Awards, where she was nominated for Best Art Direction thanks to her hit, “The Weekend."
Festival Fun
She slayed at her first Coachella  performance in 2018. 
A Vision In White
She appeared at the 2019 Oscars in a Vivienne Westwood ball gown. For the annual show, she was nominated for Best Original Song with her song “All the Stars” from Black Panther.
Black Beauty
SZA stunned in a black cut-out Natalie Rolt gown at the 2020 Vanity Fair Oscars after-party.
Bold and Bright
She performed “Kiss Me More” at the 2021 Billboard Music Awards alongside Doja Cat.
Rocking It
SZA stunned at the 2022 Outside Lands Music and Arts Festival in Golden Gate Park.
Hat Tip
She celebrated the 2022 Met Gala with a Vivienne Westwood Barbie pink moment.
Floral Princess
She and Doja won for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for “Kiss Me More” at the 2022 Grammys.
Gorgeous Gown
Dressed in Zimmermann, she slayed as the 2023 honoree for Variety’s Hitmaker of the Year Awards.
Jersey Vibes
She stepped out on stage for her highly anticipated SOS tour in 2023.
Grammy Glam
She accepted the Best R&B Song Grammy for her hit “Snooze” in 2024.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.