Flushing is going to be hopping this weekend.
From June 7-9, the annual Governors Ball Music Festival returns to Queens’ Flushing Meadows Corona Park for three days of Hip-Hop, pop, R&B, rock, reggaeton, EDM, K-Pop, and more.
Notable names on this year’s bill include ’00s rock icons The Killers, Hip-Hop hero turned country crooner Post Malone, R&B superstar SZA, pop party-starter Sabrina Carpenter, and the rapidly rising reggaeton rager Peso Pluma.
They’ll be joined by 21 Savage, Rauw Alejandro, Carly Rae Jepsen, Don Toliver, and Sexxy Red.
Plus, Chappell Roan, Reneé Rapp, Labrinth, Farruko and Jessie Murph will be there as well.
Don’t sleep on Goth Babe either.
While that may seem like a lot of performers, we’re really just getting started. Based on our findings, 63 (!) acts are scheduled to take the stage over the long weekend.
And if you can’t wait to see them all live, it isn’t too late to scoop up last-minute tickets.
At the time of publication, the lowest price we could find on three-day general admission passes was $602 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Single-day passes start at $162 before fees.
For more information on the best fest off the 7 Train, we’ve got everything you need to know and more about the 2024 Governors Ball Festival below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all the best prices on single and multi-day general admission passes can be found below.
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
As we mentioned above, over 60 groups and performers will line the Gov Ball stages this stage.
If you want to plan your weekend ahead of time to know where you’ll be when take a peek at their comprehensive three-day schedule below:
A post shared by The Governors Ball (@govballnyc)
If Gov Ball is a little too last-minute for you, no need to freak.
We found plenty of fest options for you from June all the way until September.
Without further ado, here are just five of our favorite music festivals you won’t want to miss these next few months.
What are your other festival options? Take a look at our list of the 63 biggest music festivals in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change