Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Tina on “The Bear” has proven that she is up for any challenge, and Season Three of the hit Hulu series is expected to show even more of her skills and talents. 
When viewers first met Bettina “Tina” Marrero on “The Bear,” she put on an icy front, refusing to change and adapt to Carmy (Jeremy Allen White) and Sydney’s (Ayo Edebiri) style of work. But just like an onion, Tina’s many layers start to peel away for the course of the first two seasons.
Actor Liza Colón-Zayas, who plays Tina, tells TODAY.com how it felt to have Season Three of “The Bear” show more of Tina’s growth and challenges.
“It feels amazing. I feel like Liza the actress and the character is seen — and that Tina has been awakened to having a purpose and a dream and a passion,” Colón-Zayas says, adding that people “taking a gamble on her is all really exciting and rejuvenating for Tina’s character.”
In Season Two of “The Bear,” to Tina’s delight, she is promoted to sous-chef and begins helping Sydney develop the menu for the restaurant. She and Ebra (Edwin Lee Gibson) are also sent to culinary school to improve and learn new skills.
Once there, Tina has a newfound confidence when she begins to excel and make new friends. She even has an epic moment when she performs “Before the Next Teardrop Falls” at a post-class karaoke outing. It’s moments like that, and when she worries about Ebra’s absence from culinary school, that show Tina’s vulnerability, and Colón-Zayas’ powerhouse acting skills.
Edebiri praises her costar’s talents, telling TODAY.com that directing Colón-Zayas during Episode Six taught her “so much” about acting. The episode also happens to be Edebiri’s directorial debut. 
“Directing Liza, I think that for me taught me so much about acting. I was like, ‘I gotta go to school. This woman’s amazing,’” she says. “But directing her and directing everybody else in that episode was like a true master class.” 
While the cast previously shared that Season Three of “The Bear” will include more anxiety-filled episodes, Edebiri likens her character Sydney’s journey to SZA’s song “20 Something.”
“I feel like Sydney is very much a girl in her 20s who got no clue what’s going on at all,” she says. 
As for Colón-Zayas, she says Tina’s Season Three journey is like Diana Ross’ “I’m Coming Out.”
Season Three of “The Bear” streams June 26. 
Liz Calvario is a Los Angeles-based reporter and editor for TODAY.com who covers entertainment, pop culture and trending news.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.