Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury 2019 (Richard Bowes for Live4ever)
Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA have been confirmed as the headliners for this year’s Glastonbury Festival.
Amidst rumours of fruitless negotiations with some other big names, Chris Martin and co. are set to return for a fifth time, while Shania Twain will be taking up the ever-increasingly popular ‘Legends’ slot on the Sunday afternoon.
Away from the Pyramid Stage, IDLES, Disclosure and The National will be topping the Other Stage, while Fontaines D.C. are over on the Park Stage with Peggy Gou, London Grammar, King Krule, Orbital, Ghetts and more.
Waxahatchee has described her latest single ‘365’ as a song, ‘about codependency as it pertains to addiction and relationships with addicts’:
“It’s something I’ve dealt with a lot in my life and I really wanted to distill the nerves and emotions down to their purest form in this song. Brad Cook and I had a lot of ideas we tried for this one, but in the end, we tracked it live just him, Jake Lenderman and myself running the song a couple of times together in the room.”
With Tigers Blood due for release on March 22nd, a tour of the UK and Europe is booked for this summer, including an appearance at Latitude Festival on July 26th.
José González has announced some US tour dates for October.
He’ll start at Tower Theater in Oklahoma City on the 14th, and move on from there to Little Rock, Atlanta, Durham NC, Asheville NC, Nashville and St. Louis during the next week.
The final show is booked for October 23rd at the Royal Oak Music Theatre in Michigan.
Simon Neil with Biffy Clyro live in Glasgow on November 6th, 2022 (Graham Noble for Live4ever)
Biffy Clyro have announced three-gig residencies at the Shepherd’s Bush Empire in London and Glasgow Barrowlands later this year when they’ll be playing Blackened Sky, Vertigo Of Bliss and Infinity Land in full along with other select cuts from their back catalogue.
A general sale of tickets will began at 10am UK time on Friday, March 15th.
The gigs have been scheduled to take place during October.
Kate Nash‘s new record 9 Sad Symphonies will be released on June 21st via Kill Rock Stars.
Millions Of Heartbeats is its lead track – ‘a song about losing your spark’, according to Nash:
“It can be difficult to find hope in a world that’s constantly bombarding you with bad news, chaos and capitalism. It’s scary when you lose that spark and can’t lift yourself out of a pit. It can feel like that light you once had might never come back. The button to the song is that there’s millions of heartbeats on this planet and that’s the reason we have to try.”
Nick Cave And The Bad Seeds will head out on their first headline tour of the UK and Europe since 2017 later this year.
Supporting the release of Wild God on August 30th, the tour is set to open in Oberhausen, Germany on September 24th, and will hit the UK and Ireland during November for shows in Leeds, Glasgow, Manchester, Cardiff, London, Dublin and Birmingham.
There’s time for one more European show after that, at the Accor Arena in Paris on November 17th.