The singer says her version was purely for her "mental health" and is not landing on any sort of project. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	More than two decades after its arrival leading the 8 Mile soundtrack, “Lose Yourself” has been reimagined as a soft ballad. SZA released an intimate cover of Eminem’s 2002 movie anthem — which spent 12 weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 — on Thursday night (May 30). The Grammy-winner’s honeyed vocals soar over the icy piano keys and bass guitar as Solana slows the pace down. 

	She also made sure to clarify that the infectious cover wouldn’t be landing on any of her upcoming projects, as it was more of a mental health exercise. “U ever just cover Eminem on some tender s–t for feels? (Not on a project Just for mental health),” she wrote on Instagram. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Eminem got wind of the cover to his inspirational banger and hopped into the comments, leaving a surprised emoji. 

	Plenty of her peers also applauded SZA, including Camila Cabello, Kacey Musgraves, Shelley (F.K.A. D.R.A.M.), Questlove and more. 

	“Holy s–t,” the Fifth Harmony alum wrote, seemingly in shock. 

	Others wondered what the status of the SOS deluxe and Lana projects were. “Sza this is beautiful but where’s lana,” a fan chimed in, while another wrote, “You’ll be doing anything but releasing that deluxe album.”

	One more joked: “SZA COVERING EMINEM BEFORE GTA 6 WTF!”

	“Lose Yourself” arrived in 2002 as the lead single from the 8 Mile soundtrack. The track went on to become Em’s first Billboard Hot 100 chart-topper. It also won the 2004 Grammys for best rap song best male rap solo performance, as well as the 2003 Oscar for best original song.

	Eminem and SZA have yet to collaborate on a track. However, Slim Shady returned on Friday (May 31) with his first offering of the year as “Houdini” hit streaming services.  The single is slated to land on Em’s The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Grâce) album, which will be arriving at some point this summer. 

	Listen to SZA’s cover of “Lose Yourself” below.
A post shared by SZA (@sza)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.