Without any delays or hassles, the doors to Parque da Cidade do Porto opened just before 4pm, kicking off the 11th edition of the Primavera Sound Porto Festival.  A short time later, with refreshments in hand – not quite hot, but feeling the sort of ‘suffocation’ typical of ‘thunderstorm weather’ – and with the certainty that at least in the beer (as opposed to the food) the weight of inflation was not felt, festival-goers were able From attending concerts by Portuguese artists.
Silly, in an intimate pop style, and ana lua cayano, traditional Portuguese music brought to the present, are performed on diametrically opposite stages;  The first is on the Porto Theater, the main stage of the event (since 2023), and the second is on the lawn of the Superbook Theater, one of the spaces that has hosted concerts since the first edition of the festival.  Later, women will also occupy the most prominent positions on the label: North American R&B artist SZA and English singer-songwriter PJ Harvey are the headliners for the day.
Today’s menu is as follows:
Thursday, June 6
Porto stage
6:40 PM – Military rifle8:45pm – PJ Harvey11:40 PM – SZA
Vodafone stage
5:40pm – Roel Oatis7:40pm – Emil and the Sniffers10:05 PM – Mitski00:55 – Anna Franjo Elettrico
Completion stage
5:40 PM – Amura7:35 PM – Water from your eyes10:05 PM – Maria Heine [em substituição de Lankum]00:55 – American football
Super book stage
6:35pm – Blonde redhead8:50 PM – Earth Theater11:40 PM – Obongjayar
“Proud coffee junkie. Gamer. Hardcore introvert. Social media trailblazer.”

				"Proud coffee junkie. Gamer. Hardcore introvert. Social media trailblazer."			
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
 © 2025 JNews - Premium WordPress news & magazine theme by Jegtheme. 
Login to your account below


Remember Me

Please enter your username or email address to reset your password.
© 2025 JNews - Premium WordPress news & magazine theme by Jegtheme.