We're just a few short hours away from the 2024 Grammys airing live tonight, Feb. 4, 2024, on CBS and Paramount+! The event will also be available to stream the next day. Set your alarms for 8 p.m. ET when the three and a half hour show begins, and check out our TV and streaming guide here. Of course we're excited to see which artists and groups will take home the golden record player. But, I'm also looking forward to the performers!
So which bright stars are taking the stage to put on a show of their own for us? There's a total of 10 performers at the 2024 Grammys! Those include be Billie Eilish, U2, Olivia Rodrigo, SZA, and more. We shared the full list of performers below:
Want to learn more about the artists? Some of them are up for nominations of their own. We've got all the details for you below!
First up on our list is our girl Billie Eilish. She and her brother, who collaborate, are known for their meaningful and resonating tunes. But she's really gained attention and popularity the past few months thanks to her Barbie movie single, "What Was I Made For?" The singer/songwriter first started getting attention in 2015 for her song "Ocean Eyes." Since then, she's created two studio albums and one live one. Give her a follow at @billieeilish on Instagram! She's up for a total of six nominations at the 2024 Grammys. We shared them below:
Burna Boy will also be taking the stage! The singer, songwriter, and record producer has been given the nickname, "King of Afrofusion." Most of us first heard about him back in 2012 thanks to his song "Like to Party." Since then, he's released seven studio albums. You can find the artist at @burnaboygram on Instagram. He's been nominated in four categories this year! Check them out below:
Billy Joel is such an icon in the industry! The singer, songwriter, and pianist - aka "Piano Man" has been serenading us since the 1970s! His album "The Stranger" is one of his most successful and popular ones which included songs like "Just the Way You Are" and "She's Always a Woman." Throughout the years he's released 13 studio albums. Find him at @billyjoel on Instagram! Joel is not up for any nominations this year, just coming on as a musical guest.
Dua Lipa is another young artist who has impressed us over the last few years. In 2017, the singer and songwriter created her debut album which gave us the tunes "Be the One," "IDGAF," and more. Like Eilish, she's gained even more attention lately thanks to the catchy "Dance the Night" song for the Barbie movie! Since starting out in the industry, she's released two studio albums. The talented artist can be found at @dualipa on Instagram. The 2024 Grammys have nominated her in two categories:
The awards ceremony is bringing us a good mix of artists from different genres. Those of you who are country music fans, you'll be excited to know that Luke Combs will be performing. In 2017 he released his first album, "This One's For You," and has since serenaded us with four studio albums and 17 singles including "Hurricane" and "Beautiful Crazy." He can be found at @lukecombs on Instagram. At this year's Grammy Awards, he's been nominated in the Best Country Solo Performance category for "Fast Car."
This talented gal definitely needs no introduction! Olivia Rodrigo has been able to connect to fans and write music that feels relatable to so many. And I think that's the secret to her success. It all started with her single "Drivers License," which made people go crazy. In a good way! Her second, and most recent album, "GUTS" also brought us the fun song "Vampire." Be sure to give this singer a follow on Instagram at @oliviarodrigo. So how many Grammys 2024 nominations does she have? That would be seven! Check them all out below:
Travis Scott is also taking over the Grammy Awards 2024 stage. During his career, he's been able to get four songs to No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 list. His very first album was "Rodeo," released back in 2015. Since then, he's created four studio albums. Some of his most notable tunes are "SICKO MODE," "Goosebumps," and "90210." He can be found at @travisscott on Instagram. He's been nominated in two categories for a total of three nominations:
One of the most influential music figures in the '60s was Joni Mitchell! The singer, songwriter, and instrumentalist was known for her folk music. "Big Yellow Taxi" and "Woodstock" are two of her better known songs. Over the years she was definitely hard at work, creating a total of 19 studio albums. Her first was "Song to a Seagull" in 1968 and the last was "Shine" in 2007. Give the talent a follow at @jonimitchell on Instagram. She's been nominated in the Best Folk Album category for "Joni Mitchell At Newport [Live]."
A fan-favorite R&B artist is SZA! She will be performing at the Grammys 2024, and we can't wait! The singer-songwriter rose to prominence in 2012, and really started getting attention with her debut album "Ctrl" in 2017. She's now established herself with her own music, but has written for artists like Beyoncé, Rihanna, and Nicki Minaj. Her first No. 1 single on the Billboard Hot 100 came in 2023 thanks to "Kill Bill." She can be found at @sza on Instagram. SZA is up for nine nominations, which is the most out of any artist this year:
Irish rock band U2 is the final one on our list. The group's members are Bono, the Edge, Adam Clayton, and Larry Mullen Jr. Though most popular in the '80s, they've definitely stayed relevant and still have a loyal fanbase. They've developed a total of 15 studio albums throughout their career, starting with "Boy in 1980 and the most being "Songs of Surrender" in 2023. Some of the band's most recognizable tunes are "With or Without You" and "I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For." They can be found at @u2 on Instagram. Though performing, the group is not nominated in any category this year.
The Grammys 2024 ceremony airs tonight, Feb. 4 starting at 8 p.m. ET on CBS and Paramount+. For a full list of this year's nominees, head over to the Grammys website.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.