Rapper Flo Milli will headline this year’s Dooley’s Week concert on April 5, with dance pop duo Icona Pop serving as the concert’s opener. As with previous years, the concert will take place on McDonough Field and doors will open at 6 p.m. 
Student Programming Council (SPC) announced the lineup to Emory University students today at Wonderful Wednesday.
SPC’s band party chairs, Sean Sheikowitz (24C), Minna Thompson (24B) and Brendt Wang (23C), organized the event, according to SPC co-President Anna Sotirescu (24C). The band chairs wrote in an email to The Emory Wheel that this is the first time the concert will feature a female headliner.
“We felt like it had been long overdue, and we’re so proud to present a historic first all-female show,” Thompson wrote.
Like last semester, SPC will not sell guest passes for the concert. The Student Involvement, Leadership, and Transitions office made this decision to promote the safety and well-being of the student body.
This is the second consecutive Dooley’s Week concert to include a rapper as the headlining act, with last year’s show featuring Flo Rida. Previous headliners include Dominic Fike in 2022, AJR in 2019, Lil Yachty in 2018 and Ty Dolla $ign in 2017. There was no in-person performance in 2020 and 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Flo Milli, whose birth name is Tamia Carter, is a hip-hop rapper who rose to fame with her single “Beef FloMix,” which went viral on TikTok in 2019 and earned her a label deal with Radio Corporation of America Records.
The rapper has nearly 20.9 million monthly listeners on Spotify. Her top songs on the platform include “Never Lose Me” with over 180 million streams and “Rodeo,” which has over 131 million plays. Flo Milli has released four albums since dropping her debut album, "Ho, Why Is You Here?” in July 2020.
Her most recent album, “Fine Ho, Stay” includes a remix of her platinum single “Never Lose Me,” now featuring SZA and Cardi B. “Never Lose Me” held the No. 1 spot on the TikTok Billboard Top 50, the longest consecutive streak for any song since the chart launched in September 2023.
The band party chairs said that Flo Milli has a “fierce energy that is sure to light up the crowd.”
Swedish pop duo Icona Pop is best known for their 2012 single “I Love It” featuring Charli XCX, which has garnered over 800 million streams on Spotify and reached No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart. In 2022, Icona Pop and Charli XCX celebrated the 10-year anniversary of their song and released a remix titled “I Love It (feat. Charli XCX) [I Don’t Care 2022 Re-Edit].” The group dropped a new album, “Club Romantech,” in September 2023.
According to the band party chairs, Icona Pop will bring “throwbacks and rhythmic house beats” before Flo Milli takes the stage.
“We anticipate a dynamic atmosphere because our artists cover a huge range of styles and appeal to a large audience,” Thompson wrote.In total, 3,750 attendees crowded onto McDonough Field for Flo Rida’s performance last spring, while the annual Homecoming concert in October 2023 drew in a smaller crowd of 2,044 students.
Lauren Yee (she/her) (24Ox, 27C) is a managing editor at The Emory Wheel. She is from Hong Kong, majoring in religion and minoring in German. Outside of the Wheel, Yee is the president of the Hong Kong Student Association and the managing editor for In Via, Emory's Christian thought journal. In her free time, you can find her playing the saxophone, watching musicals, listening to Taylor Swift or enjoying an iced oat milk coffee!
The Emory Wheel (@emorywheel) • Instagram photos and videos