When she was working on her first album back in 2017, Dua Lipa drew up a dream board, with just two things on it: Work with Tame Impala, and headline Glastonbury on the Pyramid Stage on the Friday night.
She has already ticked the first one off, and on Friday aims to give the performance of her life, promising the Glasto crowd a “high-intensity” set, full of dance and “non-stop relentless fun”. She says: “All killer, no filler, that’s the plan. I just want to keep people dancing, from the very first moment and make sure that’s how they go into the rest of the night. Wherever that’s going to take them... into the magical, magical land of Glastonbury.”
The 28-year-old singer has been preparing for this for two years. Dua says: “I got asked to headline Glastonbury in November 2022. It was towards the end of my Future Nostalgia tour. I was ready. It feels reassuring to have a few songs under my belt that I think will really get people moving.
“I also think I spent so much time on tour in 2022, it was just gearing me up for a really high-intensity performance. I think everything happened for this moment at Glastonbury. I’ve just been dreaming about this my whole life.” She started drawing up the set list in January, and with hits such as Don’t Start Now, One Kiss and Dance the Night, she has plenty of material.
She says: “I started thinking about the setlist in January. What songs I was going to sing, how one was going to trip on to the other, how many acts the show was going to be, what story I am trying to tell, how much dancing is involved, which is a lot, like with any of my shows. We went full out.
She says: “We started rehearsing the second I had any free time. For me, what gives me the most peace is knowing that I’ve done the most amount of work in rehearsal I could have possibly done. The moments before I go on stage when I’m panicking – not panicking, but when I’m really excited and the adrenaline is hitting – that I just tell myself, ‘I’ve done everything I could possibly do. I’ve practised and rehearsed and I’m ready’.
“I want to feel everything. I just want people to have the most amount of fun possible. I want to make sure it’s non-stop, relentless fun.” Dua jokes that she doesn’t know how she will follow the “pinnacle” that is Glastonbury. She says: “It’s just my biggest dream. I don’t really know where I’m going to go afterwards. Maybe I’ll quit? Joking, joking. I’m joking.”
Dua dreamed of headlining Glastonbury while working on her 2017 debut album. She says: “I had written it down, I guess like a dream board, a manifestation, that on my third album I would love to work with Tame Impala.” Tame Impala frontman Kevin Parker collaborated with her on her third studio album, Houdini.
Dua says: “I also wrote, ‘I would love to headline Glastonbury on the Pyramid Stage on the Friday night’. And, yeah, it just happened.” She was determined to close out the first night, rather than the Saturday or Sunday, to leave herself free to party at the festival for the rest of the weekend.
She says: “It has to be the Friday, because I want to party on the Saturday and Sunday.” Speaking on BBC documentary Dua Lipa: My Glastonbury about her previous experiences at the festival, Dua told how she first went to Worthy Farm in 2014, and fondly remembers Dolly Parton’s performance in the Legends slot that weekend.
Dua says: “The first time I went was 2014, as a punter. Camping. My first impression of Glasto was mad. It got wilder and wilder as the night went on. You’re just in this complete fantasy world where anything is possible. I remember Dolly Parton. That was just unbelievable in the Legends slot. I loved her all-white, sparkly outfit. It was just so iconic. She’s such an incredible female artist.”
For the first time in the festival’s history there are two female artists in the three headline slots, Dua and 34-year-old American singer SZA. While Dua will make history on the Pyramid Stage on Friday, her first Glastonbury show was in a lunchtime slot on the John Peel Stage in 2016.
She was invited back in 2017, and was shocked to see the entire space packed. Speaking on US radio, she said: “It was just before my first album came out. That’s when I felt like things were really shifting. The whole tent was packed. It was like sardines. And I remember turning to my band and being like, ‘Oh my God, there’s so many people here’. That’s when everything shifted for me. I just wanted to keep working. I felt like I was strapped to a rocket.
“I just took every opportunity that I had to work, to travel, to do more shows, to tour. I just said yes, and I kept moving, working and working.” Dua was back at the festival as a punter in 2019, but she “hid under a red wig for most of it”. That year, she saw Stormzy headline the Pyramid Stage and Tame Impala headline the Other Stage on the Friday night.
She returned to the Other Stage on the Saturday to watch Chemical Brothers and she fondly recalls seeing a “perfect” Glastonbury moment of friends coming together. She says: “I was there with all my friends and family. This was such a random thing, but I remember there was this couple of girls in front, and in the midst of everyone dancing to Chemical Brothers, one of the girls was helping her friend glue her eyelash back on.
“I was like, ‘That is the girl gang you need at Glasto’. No one could see anything, it was completely dark, lasers everywhere, but you could see her friend with an eyelash trying to put it back on her mate. That’s perfect Glasto girl gang mentality.” And Dua is hoping fans will make some “unbelievable” Glastonbury memories during her set.
She says: “There’s something about the community, the energy at Glastonbury that is unlike anywhere else. There’s a real sense of togetherness and closeness, and common language. You make these unbelievable memories and you make friends. And you just have stories for the rest of your life.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.