Femi Kuti, Seasick Steve and Birmingham Royal Ballet among other artists added as festival announces full range of stage times
The full lineup for Glastonbury 2024 has been announced, with new additions to the bill including indie icons James and Nigerian pop sensation Tems.
Squeeze have been announced to kick off the festival at noon on Friday on the Pyramid stage, while the Birmingham Royal Ballet will open the stage on Sunday with their production Interlinked. Femi Kuti, Seasick Steve, Jamie Webster, the Staves, the Skatalites, Jalen Ngonda, the Vaccines, Johnny Flynn, Soft Play, Rachel Chinouriri and the Zutons are some of the other newly added names. Timings and locations for all sets have been published on the Glastonbury website.
While there isn’t a big-name secret act like the ChurnUps in 2023 – who turned out to be Foo Fighters – there’s a notable “to be announced” act at 6pm on Saturday at the Woodsies stage.
Many of the smaller stages announced their lineups in recent weeks following the initial lineup announcement in March, with eye-catching names including Hollywood actors Russell Crowe (playing the Acoustic stage with a concept called Indoor Garden Party) and Idris Elba (DJing at the Stonebridge Bar on Saturday night). Other film industry stars at the festival, speaking at the Pilton Palais cinema in Q&A events, include Tilda Swinton, Florence Pugh, Cate Blanchett and Edgar Wright, plus Paul Mescal, Andrew Scott and Andrew Haigh discussing All Of Us Strangers.
Tanita Tikaram, Ocean Colour Scene, Judy Collins and Gypsy Kings are among the acts on the Acoustic stage, while Kate Nash, Lulu and New Model Army will take to the Avalon stage, along with Toyah Willcox and Robert Fripp’s cult double act. At the politically minded Left Field stage, curated by Billy Bragg, there’s music from the likes of Bob Vylan and English Teacher alongside panel debates on subjects including trans liberation, the Post Office scandal and the conflict in Israel and Palestine.
There’s typical depth and breadth to the dance music offering, with pop stars Charli XCX and Shygirl each bringing a dancefloor-facing offshoot – Partygirl and Club Shy respectively – to the Levels area, which will also host the likes of Skream & Benga, Casisdead, Wilkinson and Shy FX.
The Arcadia area’s usual fire-breathing spider is being replaced with a new concept this year: a creature called the Dragonfly, built from an old Royal Navy helicopter and described as “a giant biomechanical creature [that] will awaken at the heart of an evolved geometric space, exploring ideas around renewal, our relationship with technology and how we adapt to a changing climate … As conflicts flare around the world, the transformational nature of the sculpture is a monument to hope.” DJs playing the space include Eric Prydz, Andy C, Fatboy Slim, Amelie Lens, Barry Can’t Swim, plus another outing for Shygirl’s Club Shy.
Also playing are rising dance duo Joy Anonymous in a back to back set with Salute: one of a number of back-to-backs they are planning. Other starry DJ pairings include Jarvis Cocker and Hot Chip’s Alexis Taylor.
The Glade area will host dance A-listers such as Goldie, Faithless and Camelphat, plus another set from Fatboy Slim. Over at the vast Iicon installation-cum-outdoor rave, Bicep and Roni Size are among the late-night acts. Rinse FM celebrate their 30th anniversary all Friday at Temple with DJ EZ, Katy B and more, while dance label Defected celebrate their 25th anniversary at Nowhere the same night.
Glastonbury isn’t known for heavy metal, but there are a scattering of representatives including reggae crossover act Skindred, and from Indonesia, the young female Muslim trio Voice of Baceprot.
Two new areas open this year, replacing the Rabbit Hole area at the Park stage: the Wishing Well, “a place in which to ignite your deepest desires and unfurl your wildest wishes”, and Scissors, an “utterly delicious femme-queer venue”.
Those putting in a serious shift include the hyped new indie band Fat Dog, playing four gigs across the weekend, and dance-pop duo Confidence Man, doing four different sets including a three-hour concept called Active Scenes at the Greenpeace stage.
This year’s festival is headlined by Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, with major artists in support such as PJ Harvey, Burna Boy and LCD Soundsystem, plus Shania Twain in the Sunday teatime “legend” slot.