Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
We have more newsletters
Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
We have more newsletters
The Glastonbury headliners have officially been announced by the organisers.
Glastonbury fans can't wait for the 2024 festival to start - it's expected to be the best one in ages with an epic line-up just announced by the event organisers.
Dua Lipa is ready to set the Pyramid Stage on fire with Coldplay, Sza and Shania Twain. Other big names like LCD Soundsytem, Little Simz, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka, Janelle Monae, Seventeen, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean and Ayra Starr will also be hitting the stage.
Everyone loved last year's line-up, especially when Arctic Monkeys closed the Pyramid Stage it was their third time doing so. Lizzo performed just before them and got joint headline billing on the line-up poster.
READ MORE: Worthy Welly: Glastonbury Festival news and updates
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Sir Elton John's headline slot on Sunday night was his last UK show of his farewell tour. On Saturday night, US rockers Guns N' Roses also made headlines after the original team of Axl Rose, Slash and Duff McKagan reunited in 2015.
It took over 20 years for Glastonbury fans to wait for a headliner announcement, but it was well worth it with a solid 2024 line-up, reports the Mirror.
Liam Gallagher appeared to confirm himself for Worthy Farm in February, ahead of the release of his album with The Stone Roses guitarist John Squire. "Will we see you and Squire at Glastonbury this summer LG? "A fan asked the Oasis star, and he said: "Yeah."
The solo star, who's about to start a sold-out tour for his new tunes with Squire, is known for having a laugh with his fans. So when he said he was going to play, some weren't sure if he was just joking.
Last year, fans were left shocked when ticket sales were halted just hours before they were due to go live and delayed by two weeks "out of fairness" to certain customers who didn't realise their registration had expired. Some older profiles were suddenly deleted before the tickets went on sale, with people claiming they hadn't been informed about the issue.
Tickets for 2024 were priced at £355, plus a £5 booking fee. Registration was reopened for a week before tickets were released on November 19.
However, glitches on the ticket site left fans fuming as 200,000 tickets for the event at Worthy Farm were snapped up in less than an hour.
Glastonbury's boss Emily Eavis has spoken out about the festival's lineup after they were criticised for having all male headliners like Arctic Monkeys and Elton John. She said: "I've always been really passionate about gender split [on festival lineups] and I think, actually, our problem was that I'd been so outspoken about it that having a year when there wasn't a female sent people a bit mad - or some people. And we did have a female - she pulled out and we replaced them with Guns N' Roses. But everyone knows that it's top of my list."
She also added: "It is difficult with female artists because there aren't enough headliners. But we're also creating them. We're putting the bands and female artists on smaller stages and bringing them through all the time. And who knows? Next year we might get two. And certainly, I can say that the legend is female."
Glastonbury 2024 will take place from Wednesday 26 June to Sunday 30 June.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.