Manage your account
Inspired by the Dutch clog style, three Colorado natives — Scott Seamans, Lyndon “Duke” Hanson and George Boedecker Jr. — created the first model of Crocs in 2002, initially designed to be a slip-resistant and waterproof footwear option for boaters. It wasn’t long until the slip-on silhouette began garnering attention for its comfortable construction.
The footwear brand is now a household name within the fashion industry, with its Classic Clog gaining recognition through achievements like FNAA’s 2021 Shoe of the Year. Crocs has continued to elevate itself through its collaborations.
More from Footwear News
Skechers Teams With Belgian Artist Vexx on Doodle-Printed Sneaker Collection
Dr. Martens' Ramsey Creepers Get Furry Update by Girls Don't Cry
Over the years, many have been eager to reinterpret the Classic Clog and other iconic styles in their own way through custom colorways and embellishments. Through their collaborative efforts, Crocs has touched almost every industry from fast food restaurants like KFC to high-end labels like Balenciaga. Stars like Justin Bieber, Bad Bunny and Post Malone have also reimagined sets that have sold out within minutes.
Here, FN looks back at 31 Crocs collaborations through the years.
In 2017, Christopher Kane became the first luxury brand designer to collaborate with Crocs. The Classic Clog took the runway for the first time that year during London Fashion Week. The iconic silhouette was dressed in six neutral colorways, including white and black marble. Each style was embellished with gemstones taking the place of Jibbitz. Each set retailed for $375.
Shortly after Drew Barrymore was announced as a Crocs brand ambassador in 2018, the actress launched the Color-Block collection. The three limited-edition styles, including the Classic Clog, featured a navy blue, yellow and white colorway. Inspired by love and positivity, Barrymore brought her personal style to the sets with exclusive graphics and embellishments. The collection ranged from $45-$50.
Crocs tapped Post Malone in 2018 on two reiterations of the Classic Clog. The first pair to be released was dressed in Malone’s favorite colors: white, black and yellow. Once the limited-edition set went live on the brand’s website, it sold out within 10 minutes. Because of the popularity, another collaboration followed shortly after. The Dimitri Clog retailed for $60.
In 2018, Crocs partnered with streetwear brand Alife to create three reiterations of the Classic Clog inspired by New York City’s downtown culture. The limited-edition sets incorporated 2018 fashion trends with the Sport style featuring an attached tube sock. The $600 clog used 3D prints to create Jibbitz shaped like New York City buildings like the Statue of Liberty.
Crocs teamed up with Pixar’s “Cars” to reimagine the Classic Clog in the shape of the beloved Lightning McQueen. Dressed in an all-red colorway, the set featured the car’s smiling face plastered against the toe and his body’s graphic prints along the sole. The pair quickly sold out when released in 2019 and so did the Mater-inspired style when it released in 2023.
Crocs and Ruby Rose created a retro-inspired model of the Classic Clogs in 2019. The limited-edition set took on an all-white colorway with distressed details like scuff marks. The $64.99 pair was completed with an edgy set of Jibbitz charms that included graphic lettering and a skateboard with a bat logo, referencing Rose’s role in the “Batwoman” series.
Crocs tapped country singer Luke Combs in 2019 on a limited-edition Classic Clog set. The pair was exclusively sold at the CMA Fest. Priced at $60, the set featured a black sole and footbed surrounded by a wood panel-inspired foam upper. The clogs were completed with a set of custom Jibbitz charms that included one that read “support your local moonshiners.”
In 2019, Crocs and Vera Bradley created their first ever collaboration where they combined both of their signature styles to create an exclusive collection of footwear. Four of the footwear brand’s styles, including the Kadee Flat and Sloane Slide, were reworked in Bradley’s iconic patterns like Mint Flowers, Firework Paisley and Starry Gardens. The styles ranged from $40-$50.
In 2019, the footwear brand collaborated with artist Takashi Murakami on a limited-edition Classic Clog. The model featured a black sole and lining, surrounded by a colorful camouflage pattern inspired by the artist’s psychedelic illustration style. Completed with a teddy bear Jibbitz charm, the pair was released in November of that year and retailed at $85.
Crocs and Los Angeles-based streetwear brand Chinatown Market collaborated in 2019 on a Classic Clog that was meant to create the experience of walking barefoot on grass. The limited-edition set featured a black rubber silhouette which was overlaid by a soft turf textile along the upper. Chinatown Market’s branding was seen on the heel strap. The pair retailed for $60.
In 2020, Crocs teamed up with Kentucky Fried Chicken to reimagine two iconic silhouettes. The Bucket and Classic Clog featured a fried chicken graphic along the upper and a Jibbitz charm that looked and smelled like a chicken drumstick. The soles were dressed in a white and red striped design, resembling the brand’s logo. The $60 set sold out within minutes.
Crocs partnered with Bad Bunny in 2020 on a limited-edition set of Classic Clogs. The all-white set stood out among the rest of the collaborations because of its glow-in-the-dark feature. Priced at $60, the Glow Up clogs came in an all-white colorway with custom Jibbitz charms inspired both by outer space and by the Puerto Rican singer himself.
Released in 2020, Crocs’ first collaboration with Justin Bieber was a reimagination of the Classic Clogs. The Canadian singer colored his first Crocs pair in his streetwear label Drew House’s yellow. Eight custom Jibbitz accompanied the set with charms that ranged from Drew House logos to assorted smiley faces. The slip on set, retailed for $60, sold out in 90 minutes.
Crocs partnered with Awake NY in 2021 on a new iteration of the Classic Clog. The streetwear brand’s founder, Angelo Baque, used the collection to pay tribute to his grandmother’s Washington Heights home, where he spent most of his summers as a child. Along with special Jibbitz charms like a Red Apple, the two colorways feature an all-over heart pattern.
Crocs and Salehe Bembury’s first collaboration was released in 2021 with the debut of the Pollex Clog. Released in three colorways, the reimagined version of the Classic Clog featured a ridged silhouette that is inspired by the designer’s signature waved motif. The usual rubber pivoting heel strap took on a braided thread look for the $85 limited-edition set.
In 2021, Crocs’ collaboration with Balenciaga took over social media platforms when they brought height to the Classic Clog. Released in four colorways, the Madame style stood out among other collaborations with a heel that was about 3 inches tall. Within the women’s collection was another silhouette, a rain boot.
Crocs first collaborated with Margaritaville in 2022 on a reiterated Classic Clog. The original Buffet-themed set included foam uppers in a marbled pale lime green and white palette, inspired by the summer drink. The pair’s accompanying Jibbitz set also included an opened parrot-shaped bottle. The clogs were made only available for fans to shop through an online drawing on the Crocs website.
In 2022, Crocs tapped SZA on a collaboration created to celebrate Mental Health Awareness Month. The R&B singer customized a Classic Clog and Slide in a faux wood grain print which was adorned with a pack of eccentric Jibbitz charms. The Classic Clog featured a pseudo friendship bracelet along the collar that read “SZA.” The limited-edition set retailed for $70.
Crocs and Lisa Frank created a whimsical kids’ style of its Classic Clog in 2022. The style featured a bold light purple upper covered in layered multicolored hearts in different shapes and sizes. The set’s logo buttons were replaced with a rainbow-toned “Lisa Frank” logo. A colorful Jibbitz set was included in the release. The limited-edition pair retailed for $60.
Showcased at ComplexCon, Crocs and Doodle’s 2023 collaboration reiterated the Classic Clog in a colorful way. The set was completely covered in the brand’s signature pastel camouflage design. Accompanying the pair was a pack of Jibbitz charms resembling original Doodles characters designed by Doodles’ artist Scott Martin. The collaborative shoes were released in limited quantity and retailed for $120.
Shortly before the release of the 2023 movie, Crocs partnered with “Barbie” to create a three-piece line inspired by the Mattel doll. The collection included two clogs and one sandal, all dressed in hot pink colorways. Along with the styles, Crocs released eight Jibbitz charms inspired by the film, including a shiny hot pink disco ball and a cowboy hat.
In 2023, Crocs tapped Lil Nas X as not only a collaborator but also an ambassador. The two worked together to reiterate the brand’s Mega Crush clogs in a shearling-covered style. The pair was dressed in a tonal brown colorway. His two cats inspired a five-pack of Jibbitz charms shaped like feline whiskers. The fluffy set retailed for $110.
Crocs teamed up with Dreamworks’ “Shrek” to create a Classic Clog that takes the form of the infamous orge. The slip-on silhouette was colored in a textured eerie green, mimicking the character’s blemished skin. Completing the pair was a brown fuzzy heel strap and Jibbitz that were shaped like Shrek’s nose and ears. The set was released in 2023 and retailed for $50.
First seen at Rick Owens’ menswear spring 2024 show at Paris Fashion Week, Crocs and MSCHF teamed up to combine the Classic Clog style with the Big Red Boot. Musician Tommy Cash was seen sitting front row at the fashion show wearing the bright yellow pair. When it was released in August of 2023, the set retailed for $450.
Crocs and the NBA released a collaboration just in time for All-Star weekend in 2023. To celebrate the annual exhibitions, the footwear brand released a special edition Mega Crush and Echo Clog.  pattern print of NBA team logos on the white uppers. Completed the set was a double-stacked elevated midsole and the strap bolt appearing as a metallic gold basketball logo.
In 2023, Crocs and Minecraft collaborated on a video game-themed collection. Featuring four Classic Clog and one Classic slide, the entire line was dressed in earth tones and graphics from the game. Each slip-on set is accompanied by a series of Minecraft-themed Jibbitz charms. The video game’s logo decorated the pivoting heel strap. Each style ranged for $35-$70.
Just before “Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse” was released in theaters in 2023, Crocs released a collaboration with Marvel, inspired by the superhero. Ranging from $55-80, the collection included three footwear styles — the Ghost Spider Classic Clog, Team Spider-Man Echo, and the All-Terrain Clog, which mimics the design of Spider-Man’s suit. Each silhouette included a custom assortment of Spiderman Jibbitz charms.
For Hello Kitty’s 50th anniversary, Crocs teamed up with the brand on a footwear collection including reiterated versions of iconic silhouettes like the Classic Clog. Two height-boosting styles, the Siren Clog and Stomp Slide, were dressed in an all-over white graphic pattern and a glitter sole. Each set came with a Hello Kitty red bow and figure Jibbitz charms.
In 2024, Crocs partnered with Disney on a Toy Story-inspired reimagination of the Classic Clog. One of the silhouettes resembled Woody, which featured a cow print along the toe. The other one was dressed as Buzz Lightyear with a primarily green graphic and a purple heel strap. Both pairs were finished with the iconic “Andy” signature on the inside sole.
To celebrate the 1992 children’s show, Crocs partnered with Barney to color the infamous Classic Clog as the beloved dinosaur. The set featured the show’s signature purple along the upper with green spots along the heel, matching the sole and footbed. Along with an array of colorful Jibbitz, the set was completed by the dinosaur’s yellow toes molded into a 3D style.
To celebrate the NASCAR 2024 Cup Series, Crocs collaborated with the car racing company on a Classic Clog.  Offered in black and blue, the style features checkered flag graphics on the upper and Nascar branding on the midsole and pivoting heel strap. The $69.99 pair includes a 5-pack of Jibbitz with exclusive 3D charms and LED elements.
Crocs Collaborations From Celebrities & Big Brands You Should Know
View Gallery42 Images
Launch Gallery: Crocs Collaborations From Celebrities & Big Brands You Should Know
Best of Footwear News
The History of the Ugg Brand
Fear of God Shoe Collaborations: Nike, Birkenstock and More
Presidents' Sneaker Game: Donald Trump in 'Air Trump' Sneakers, Bill Clinton in New Balance, Barack Obama in Asics & More
Sign up for FN's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.