From Anitta, to Taylor Swift, to Chappell Roan, and more
The 2024 VMAs are finally here, ushering in a new wave of pop culture moments and provocative celebrity fashion. 
This year, the show promises to deliver some show-stopping visuals—not just on the carpet, but with performances by Chappell Roan, Sabrina Carpenter, Rauw Alejandro, and more. The night will also be hosted by Megan the Stallion, who is sure to bring her hot girl style to the stage. And with a star-studded nominee list that includes the likes of Taylor Swift and Ariana Grande, some major red-carpet 'fits are guaranteed. Statement style, after all, has become as much of a VMAs staple as its iconic performances. 
Taylor Swift has maintained her lead as the year’s top nominee with 12 nominations, and she is followed closely by Post Malone (11), Eminem (eight), Ariana Grande, Megan Thee Stallion, Sabrina Carpenter and SZA (seven each). There are plenty of newcomers making waves this year too, with Chappell Roan racking up four nominations ahead of her VMAs debut, joining Gracie Abrams and Tyla as finalists for Best New Artist. Runners-up in the category include Benson Boone, Shaboozey, and Teddy Swims.  
Held at the UBS Arena in Elmont, New York, the ceremony will begin at 8 p.m. ET on MTV. In dramatic fashion, however, the red carpet will likely begin a few hours before the show.
Scroll ahead to see every red-carpet look as soon as the stars arrive, and make sure to watch this space for updates.
Qualley in custom Chanel.
In PatBO. 
In Rick Owens. 
In vintage Versace. 
In Area.
In Christian Dior and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
In Nicole + Felicia and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Hilton in custom Celia Kritharioti, Rothschild in Bronx and Banco.
In Who Decides War.
In Tony Ward Couture.
In custom Miss Claire Sullivan.
In Dolce & Gabbana.
Addison Rae on Her Daring VMAs Look
At the VMAs, Everybody Wanted to Be Britney Spears
All the Best 2024 MTV VMAs After-Party Looks
The 34 Best Reactions to the 2024 MTV VMAs
Why Did Madonna Skip the 2024 MTV VMAs?
All the Biggest Highlights From the 2024 MTV VMAs
Taylor Swift Shouts Out Travis Kelce at the VMAs
Anitta Goes Gothic, Then Rave-Ready at 2024 VMAs
Chappell Roan Channels Medieval Warrior Queen
The 11 Best-Dressed Stars at the 2024 MTV VMAs
Blackpink’s Lisa Is Red-Carpet Royalty at the VMAs
Watch Megan Thee Stallion's Sexy VMAs Performance 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.