On Saturday, June 8, 2024, Governors Ball will return to Flushing Meadows Corona Park for a second day of great music, great food and great vibes. After a day filled with performances from Dominic Fike, Post Malone, Rauw Alejandro and more, the festival will turn toward some of the biggest stars in Hip-Hop today. While The Killers are set to wrap things up as this evening’s headliner, 21 Savage, Doechii, Sexyy Red and more prepared to the take stage. With that, fans will be able to get many of their questions answered. Will Sexyy Red adjust her “Make America Sexyy Again” imagery after the Roots Picnic? Will 21 Savage offer any updates on Savage Mode III? All of that and more could be revealed on Saturday, but what is certain is that we’re excited for whatever is about to go down. Here are the three performances we’re most excited to see at Governors Ball on day two.
Performance Stage: Gopuff
Performance Time: 7:30-8:30 PM EST
On Saturday, June 8, The American Dream Tour will make its way to the concrete jungle where dreams are made. While Nardo Wick and 21 Lil’ Harold won’t be making any appearance, the Atlanta native has more than enough hits to fill an hour-long set. From “X” with Future to “Should’ve Wore A Bonnet” with Brent Faiyaz, his diverse catalog that can create a dynamic set filled with R&B, Trap and much more. Not to mention, 21 Savage has grown tremendously as an entertainer both on and off stage. When he burst onto the scene in the mid-2010s, he would barely say a word during interviews and moved sparingly on stage. Nearly a decade later, he’s mastered the art of controlling the crowd, developing a setlist and delivering a captivating performance. In addition, while 21 Savage is often a man of few words, it wouldn’t be a complete surprise if he offered an update regarding the highly-anticipated joint album, Savage Mode III. Earlier this week, Metro Boomin’ hinted that it may be in the works, but 21 Savage hasn’t offered any comment. Maybe, just maybe, that’ll change on Saturday night. A guy can hope, can’t he?
Performance Stage: Gopuff
Performance Time: 4:05-4:50 PM EST
When you describe your performance as “dramatic, theatrical, and maximalist” before the show even starts, fans will have pretty high expectations. Those expectations are only heightened when considering she comes from a label that has produced live performers like Kendrick Lamar and SZA. Still, Doechii is more than capable of living up to those expectations and proving her pre-show description correct.
While young and early in her journey with TDE, Doechii has a bit of experience navigating the festival scene. Not long ago, she found herself in Alabama tearing down the stage at Hangout Festival. Before that, she was controlling the crowd at Afropunk. Now, she finds herself in Queens in front of thousands. If her performance on Jimmy Kimmel Live! is any indication of what’s to come, fans should be extremely excited. Her energy never dips, her dances execute perfectly and her live vocals do not disappoint. Altogether, that is a recipe for show that is truly “dramatic, theatrical, and maximalist.”
Performance Stage: Gopuff
Performance Time: 5:45-6:30 PM EST
Bow! Bow! Bow! There will be no shortage of dancing, hand waving and shouting at the Gopuff Stage from 5:45 to 6:30 PM EST on Saturday as Sexyy Red brings her slew of hit records to the stage. Whether its “Get It Sexyy” or “Pound Town,” the crowd will be waiting eagerly to let loose as Sexyy brings St. Louis to New York. In addition, many will be waiting to see if she makes any changes to the imagery shown during her set after drawing backlash during the Roots Picnic last weekend. From the music to the set design, there’s a lot to be interested in as Sexyy Red takes over Governors Ball this afternoon.
Performance Stage: IHG Hotels & Resorts
Performance Time: 1:45-2:15 PM EST
Not every artist from The Blog Era is still able to grace the stage of a major festival. Moreover, not every artist from The Blog Era is able to fill the Governors Ball stage despite not dropping a new album in three years. However, Skizzy Mars is not every artist. Skizzy Mars has crafted a sound that infuses elements of Pop, Punk Rock, R&B and Rap to create a feeling that is unique to him. Standing apart from his peers, Skizzy Mars is often described as a “hipster rap” artist, but in reality, he embodies everything that his hometown of New York loves about Rap and Hip-Hop. He possess great storytelling skills, presents an authentic portrayal of himself through his writing, connects with the crowd during live shows and rarely uses backup tracks. While Skizzy Mars occupies and early time slot typically filled by younger acts, the Harlem native is a seasoned performer who is definitely worth getting in early to see.
©Copyright 2024 DefPen.com. All rights reserved.
Def Pen is a registered trademark. DefPen.com is part of the Def Pen Media Group, LLC.
Input your search keywords and press Enter.