Gladiator star Montell Douglas is single and 'very much not mingling'.
The BBC star and former British record holder for the 100 metres, scored a not-so-impressive 28 points on last week's episode of Strictly for her Tango to One Night Only from the hit movie Dream Girls. The two-point decrease from her previous performance, with pro partner Johannes Radebe, left the duo dangerously close to facing elimination
They will aim to rank higher in the leaderboard this week for the show's first-ever Icons theme - where they're slated to perform the Viennese Waltz to SZA's Nobody Gets Me. Montell, 38, won't be wasting precious rehearsal time chasing after any lovers though, after confirming she's choosing to stay single.
The Team GB sprinter split with her boyfriend around nine months ago, and says there's no worry of the Strictly 'curse' affecting her love life. "I am single and very much not mingling because I don't have the time," she said, according to the Sun. "There are so many things to think about with dancing."
Montell went on to describe her partner Johannes as the only man in her life, adding: "He ticks every box that I could want anyway... I don't know if I have a sexy side — I am quite awkward in myself but I am bubbly and I like to have a good time. I love to joke around. I have great banter with Johannes so that is the sexy side if there was one there."
Want the latest celeb news and exclusive interviews sent straight to your inbox? Sign up to our Showbiz Newsletter
On top of gruelling training and weekly performances, Montell has been dealing with a debilitating health condition almost her entire life. She recently opened up about experiencing heavy and irregular periods that were accompanied with pain so severe she would sometimes have to miss training sessions. In her Olympian days, she would have to take strong prescribed painkillers to try and quell the agony.
However, a few years ago, Montell didn't take the tablets early enough - and when the pain kicked in, she ended up calling an ambulance and was put on a drip in hospital. "That hospitalisation for me was a kind of wake-up call," she said in an interview with The Irish News. "My body just started convulsing, and I was almost passing out, because the pain was so intense. I was overheating because of the hormones – my body couldn't control its temperature, and that in turn made me dehydrated. The pain was in waves, coming in like contractions."
Strictly Come Dancing airs every Saturday on BBC One.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.