In advance of yet more dates for their popular Las Vegas residency at Park MGM, pop act Maroon 5 has set aside time to visit Springfield for a hit-filled concert with all new production and staging at the MassMutual Center on Monday, July 1.
Showtime is 8 p.m.
Maroon 5 is playing a limited series of performances on the East Coast this summer, coinciding with headline shows at Milwaukee’s Summerfest and the Ottawa Bluesfest supported on some dates by Grammy Award-winning singer Maren Morris.
“Having Maroon 5 perform at the MassMutual Center is a tremendous honor and an exciting milestone for Springfield. We’re looking forward to kicking off the week of July 4th and bringing the community together with some top-tier talent. This event showcases the MassMutual Center’s ability to provide world-class entertainment and highlights our partnership with MGM Springfield,” said Sean Dolan, general manager of the MassMutual Center.
Fans can expect to hear many of the group’s biggest hits during the concert, including “Moves Like Jagger,” which features Christina Aguilera; “Sugar,” “Girls Like You,” which features Cardi B; “She Will Be Loved, “What Lover Do,” which features SZA; “Memories,” “Payphone,” which features Wiz Khalifa, and many others.
The group, with Adam Levine as frontman, was formed in 1994 as Kara’s Flowers while its members were still in high school. In addition to Levine, today’s lineup includes rhythm guitarist and keyboardist Jesse Carmichael, lead guitarist James Valentine, drummer Matt Flynn, keyboardist PJ Morton and multi-instrumentalist and bassist Sam Farrar.
Levine has also distinguished himself as one of the four original coaches of NBC’s hit show “The Voice,” which made its debut in 2011. He coached for 16 consecutive seasons before departing in 2019. NBC in early June announced that Levine will return as a coach for Season 27 alongside Kelsea Ballerini, Michael Buble and John Legend.
Since they released their debut album in 2002, “Songs About Jane,” the Los Angeles band have achieved three Grammy Awards, as well as selling more than 96 million albums and over 660 million singles worldwide. Maroon 5 currently has more than 22 billion combined streams on Spotify. Thirty-two of their songs have charted on the Billboard Hot 100, including four No. 1 hits and 15 Top Ten entries.
Like many big-name artists today, Maroon 5 are also a popular Las Vegas act. They had their own residency last year, M5LV The Residency, at the Dolby Live at Park MGM theater which continued this year with dates in May and June as well as upcoming show in September and October.
The group released the single “Middle Ground” last year, but their last studio album called “Jordi” was released in 2021. Since “Middle Ground,” the band have worked on some new songs and Levine teased on air with Ryan Seacrest that the new project is the band’s “coolest” and most “different” work yet.
Ticket prices range from $79 to $299 and are available online.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices