By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:57, 13 October 2024   |  Updated:  15:49, 13 October 2024   
 248
View  comments
The Strictly Come Dancing results have been leaked once again ahead of Sunday's show and fans have been left devastated.  
The BBC competition is set to air the prerecorded results show on Sunday night, revealing which two couples received the least votes and ended up in the dance off.
However, a notorious mole on the show has already revealed the bottom two and leaked which celebrity will be sent packing online.
After seeing the spoiler, fans took to X to admit 'the right celebrity went' but they were 'gutted' by the other star in the dance off. 
'UGH! Not them [crying emoji]; Gutted about who was in dance off but glad the right one went';
The Strictly Come Dancing results were leaked once again online ahead of Sunday's show and fans have been left devastated
The BBC competition is set to air the prerecorded results show on Sunday night, revealing which two couples received the least votes and ended up in the dance off
'I'm not surprised by couples in the dance off. For some reason they're just not popular or memorable enough to get the votes';
'The correct result although I'm shocked by other person who ended up in the DO especially as they've had a few strong weeks recently. It just goes to show nobody is safe.'
'I thought XXX might have got the sympathy vote this week, but I got that wrong. And XXX, definitely not Mr Popular like he seems to think he is; he won't like this one bit, but will it shake his confidence or come out all guns blazing, so to speak, next week.'
It comes after Wynne Evans and Katya Jones broke their silence after she was spotted appearing to push his wandering hand off her waist.
During the fourth live show, as host Claudia Winkleman revealed this week's voting lines were open, Wynne, 52, put his arm around Katya only for her to knock his hand away as it moved along her waist.
A second awkward interaction saw the pro dancer appear to shun her celebrity partner's attempts at a high five after Sam Quek and Nikita Kumzin's performance. 
Standing with both hands outstretched, Katya seemed to deliberately turn her back on her partner instead of returning the gesture.   
After eagle-eyed viewers expressed concern on social media, the pair took to Instagram to address the situation.
However, a notorious mole on the show has already revealed the bottom two and leaked which celebrity will be sent packing
After seeing the spoiler, fans took to X to admit 'the right celebrity went' but they were 'gutted' by the other star in the dance off
It comes after Wynne Evans and Katya Jones broke their silence after she was spotted appearing to push his wandering hand off her waist 
During the fourth live show, as host Claudia Winkleman revealed this week's voting lines were open, Wynne, 52, put his arm around Katya's waist before she appeared to take his hand off
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec - Charleston to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie, Shania Twain - 39 
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar ft. Lucenzo - 34
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Tango to Money, Money, Money by ABBA - 34
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Viennese Waltz to Nobody Gets Me by SZA - 33
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Cha Cha to Ain't No Love (Ain't No Use) by Sub Sub feat. Melanie Williams - 30
JB Gill and Amy Dowden - Rumba to You Might Need Somebody by Kara Marni - 30
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - Salsa to Down Under by Men At Work - 30
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystal - Quickstep to Town Called Malice by The Jam - 29
Sam Quek MBE and Nikita Kuzmin - Samba to Hips Don't Lie by Shakira - 28
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Foxtrot to Birds Of A Feather by Billie Eilish - 27
Paul Merson and Karen Hauer - Quickstep to I Won't Dance by Fred Astaire - 23
Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk - Charleston to Rain on the Roof from Paddington 2  - 21
Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez - Jive to 2 Be Loved (Am I Ready) by Lizzo - 20
Addressing fans in a video, Katya began: 'Hello everybody it's Wynne and Katya here. We just wanted to say we were just messing around in the Clauditorium on Saturday night and just want to say sorry. 
'It was a silly joke,' as Wynne added: 'Yes sorry'. 
Wynne then added in the caption: 'Apologies for this tonight we were just messing around. We really are amazing friends. The high 5's is a running joke. Have a great evening @katyajones'.
Meanwhile fans slammed the judges for 'overmarking' two of the show's contestants, insisting 'they must really want them to win'.  
Wynne and Katya scored 34 for their Tango, receiving 8 points from Craig Revel Horwood and Anton Du Beck and nine from Shirley Ballas and Motsi Mabuse, making it his highest score so far.
Dancing the Tango to Abba's Money Money Money, the judges praised him for his high energy routine, with Anton saying it was 'tremendous' and 'one of your best performances.'
Craig said: 'You bum was sticking up - but I loved, loved, loved it. Winner, winner, winner.'
Motsi agreed and said: 'This was your best dance yet, I've been waiting for this dance, I knew it was coming. What I love is that you guys give us a story...beautifully timed.'
Head judge Shirley Ballas was also full of praise and said: 'I got goosebumps, it was passionate and told a tale. You got out there and I could see you're in it to win it.'
However some fans didn't agree with the feedback and accused BBC bosses of giving out special treatment.
During the show, Nick Knowles, 62, admitted he 'thought his journey was over' after his knee injury and was given a pass to perform his movie week Charleston due to lack of rehearsals 
Meanwhile Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec got a near perfect score with their Charleston to Unhealthy by Anne-Marie
Sam Quek performed an energetic Samba to Hips Don't Lie by Shakira
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakka danced the Salsa to Danza Kuduro by Don Omar ft. Lucenzo and got 34 out of 40 
Pete Wicks and Jowitza Przystal did the Quickstep to Town Called Malice by The Jam and got 29 points 
Some believed Wynne is a 'judges' favourite' and 'very cliquey' with them all. 
Elsewhere on Saturday night's Strictly Nick Knowles returned to the dance off after a week off following a knee injury.
The DIY SOS star, 62, took to the floor with his partner Luba Mushtuk, to perform his Paddington themed Charleston from Movie Week as production allowed him to carry his week three dance through after skipping last week's show.
Dedicating the dance to his 10-year-old son Eddie, judge Motsi Mabuse praised the star for his 'courageous return' as she confirmed 'your son will be proud.' 
Speaking candidly to Claudia Winkleman after giving it his all on the dance floor, Nick admitted: 'This time last week I thought I was out so I am over the moon.'
Luba added: 'I am in absolute awe of this man and the determination. The fact that he has fallen in love with dancing is the most beautiful thing.'
Nick was told on Friday by medics he would be able take to the floor on Saturday to dance again, one week after the injury forced him to pull out of Movie Week. 
And as he smiled alongside his partner Luba during the show's introduction, he looked delighted to be back on the floor. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group