V’s picks for the best releases of the third week of November 
V’s picks for the best releases of the third week of November 
The third week of November boasts one of this year’s – perhaps even this decade’s, for loyal musical theatre fans – most anticipated releases. The Wicked movie’s official soundtrack is finally here, and it lives up to fans’ wildest expectations! On top of that, Kendrick Lamar’s surprise studio album is out, while Coco Jones is ushering in some holiday cheer! Add these releases and more to your playlist before the busy holiday season officially kicks off next week!
To say that the official Wicked soundtrack exceeds expectations is an understatement – it’s evident on the soundtrack that Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo, and the entire cast put their all into this performance. But if you’re aiming to avoid spoilers (including a few special cameos from familiar faces) before seeing the film in theatres this weekend, hold off on checking out the full album until you see the film!
Kendrick Lamar just dropped a surprise album, and it certainly did not disappoint! Containing features from the likes of SZA, Jack Antonoff, Kamasi Washington, AzChike, and more, each of his sixth studio album’s 12 tracks showcase Lamar at his best, both as an individual artist and a collaborator.
Singer-songwriter, actress, and Grammy-winner Coco Jones has released a holiday quartet, entitled Coco By The Fireplace, just in time for the holidays. The release proceeds Jones’ performances set for the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade as well as NBC’s Christmas In Rockefeller Center.
K-Pop icon G-Dragon is back with latest single “HOME SWEET HOME,” alongside his fellow BIGBANG members Taeyang and Daesung. Together, the record-breaking group has been instrumental in the growth of the genre, breaking records since their inception. The nostalgic track capitalizes on this success to deliver a message of community.
Indie trio Tiny Habits are collaborating with Lizzy McAlpine (again!) on the group’s latest release, “For Sale Sign.” The wistful acoustic song comes after Tiny Habits’ recent features on a pair of McAlpine’s tracks, “Pushing it Down and Praying” and “Spring Into Summer.”
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!