Photo: Getty Images
SZA, GloRilla and more hip-hop artists dominated 2024 with their timeless hits. On Thursday morning, December 5, iHeart Media announced its annual iHeartRadio Rewind list. SZA tops the list once again thanks to songs like "Snooze" and "Saturn." She also appeared on other popular hits like Drake's "Rich Baby Daddy" with Sexyy Red and Flo Milli's "Never Lose Me (Remix)" with Cardi B. Meanwhile, GloRilla also took over the airwaves with her smash singles "T.G.I.F" and "Yeah Glo!" off her popular mixtape Ehhthang Ehhthang and her debut album Glorious. The rest of the Top 5 consists of Chris Brown, Future, and Kendrick Lamar.
Future and Kendrick Lamar dominated the airwaves this year with their controversial Metro Boomin-produced hit "Like That," which set off Drake and K-Dot's beef and triggered a massive melee between Drizzy and some of Hip-Hop's biggest stars. They also had plenty of respective solo success this year. Prior to releasing his project MIXTAPE PLUTO, Future and Young Metro dropped two joint albums WE DON'T TRUST YOU and WE STILL DON'T TRUST YOU. They also went on tour together throughout the country. Meanwhile, Kendrick struck gold with his widely popular hit "Not Like Us" and dropped his surprise album GNX. He's set to hit the road with SZA for the "Grand National Tour" in 2025. Interested in learning more about the songs and artists that people just couldn’t get enough of across the U.S. this year? Check out iHeartRewind’s full lists below to find out who made the top list in each genre. Plus, registered iHeartRadio users should keep an eye out for their own personalized iHeartRewind, which will be arriving right to their inbox! See unique insights like your top artist, your first thumbed-up song of the year, and a music festival you need to attend in 2024. Plus, we are sharing what made your neighborhood move by highlighting the top artists, songs and more in your home state. Check out the soundtrack to your neighborhood with our Neighborhood Rewind, presented by State Farm, at iHeartRewind.com.See this year's Top 5 Hip-Hop Artists by the numbers below. 
Top Hip-Hop Artists 2024
SZA
Glorilla
Future
Chris Brown
Kendrick Lamar
Top Hip-Hop Songs 2024
“Snooze” - SZA
“Not Like Us” - Kendrick Lamar
“IDGAF” - Tee Grizzley ft. Chris Brown & Mariah the Scientist
“Yeah Glo” - Glorilla
“Like That” - Future & Metro Boomin