Will today's weather give you the Sunday scaries?
The gates for Glastonbury 2024 are finally open – but will it be rain or shine down on Worthy Farm? Check out the latest weather forecast below.
This year’s edition of the legendary festival will take place between June 26-30, with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA due to headline the Pyramid Stage. Other confirmed acts include Shania Twain, LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, The National, Avril Lavigne, The Last Dinner Party, Jungle, Justice, Bloc Party, Fontaines D.C., Yard Act, Arlo Parks and Gossip.
In early June, organisers revealed the full line-up, stage splits and timings for the sold-out bash – including some new names and various ‘TBA’ secret slots. The BBC has also shared its extensive coverage plans for the huge weekend of music.
Those lucky enough to have secured tickets for Glasto ’24 will no doubt be scouring the line-up and agonising over some of the brutal clashes on the bill. But another big talking point as the festival edges closer is – of course – the weather.
The BBC Weather website forecast for the full five days currently shows temperatures ranging from the high-10s to the mid-20s, with sunny intervals, light winds and broadly dry conditions. Festivalgoers can expect at least the first few days of their Worthy Farm visit to remain rain-free. See below, and check back on this page for updates.
Friday, June 28: Sunny intervals and a moderate breeze, with temperatures peaking at 17°C and lows of 9°C
Saturday, June 29: Sunny intervals and a gentle breeze, with temperatures peaking at 20°C and lows of 13°C
Sunday, June 30: Light cloud and a gentle breeze, with temperatures peaking at 19°C and lows of 10°C
Last updated June 30, 8.15am
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
The Met Office‘s long-range forecast – which covers June 29 to July 8 – says to expect “fresher conditions with a westerly wind from the Atlantic”, and that the “changeable weather is most likely to prevail through much of this period; the hotter and more humid weather experienced by the south prior to this will most likely have been pushed away into the nearby Continent.”
The Met Office’s forecast so far is:
Friday, June 28: Light showers changing to cloudy by the late afternoon, with temperatures peaking at 18°C and lows of 9°C
Saturday, June 29:  Sunny changing to partly cloudy by nighttime, with temperatures peaking at 20°C and lows of 13°C
Sunday, June 30: Overcast changing to sunny intervals by lunchtime, with temperatures peaking at 19°C and lows of 11°C
Last updated June 30, 8.15am
The crowd for Jack White’s secret set in The Park at Glastonbury 2022. CREDIT: Eva Pentel for NME
Last year, festival organisers issued advice on staying safe in the heat as temperatures reached the high 20s and the site largely remained dry and sunny. The last time Glasto-goers experienced significant rain and mud was in 2016 – when Coldplay topped the bill.
In other news, this year’s Friday night headliner Dua Lipa has kicked off her summer tour – giving ticketholders a taste of what to expect later this month.
Lipa said in a recent interview that she “manifested” headlining Glastonbury “by album three” early on in her career. Her third studio record, ‘Radical Optimism’, was released on May 3.
The singer is reportedly planning to use footage from Glasto ’24 for a new documentary film.
Meanwhile, the bookies’ odds have been published for who might be playing a secret set at Worthy Farm this year – and bets have been suspended on one huge artist already.
Visit here for the full line-up, stage splits and schedule. Check out the new Glastonbury site map here, revealing some key changes for 2024.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.