Girl
Plainspoken Atlanta duo return with scrappy follow-up grabbing synths, beats and vibes from anywhere in reach
One refreshing vogue not yet over-utilised by the more sculpted Taylors and Sabrinas is: plain musical languorousness, meets hip hop’s capacity for bloody ferocity. This gloms onto the current appetite for studied dumbness, so often exuded by in-real-life very smart artists. Into such warm, deceptive waters — where it’s hard to gauge true depth — dive the terrific Atlanta duo Coco & Clair Clair, on third album, <i>Girl</i>, which follows 2022’s <i>Sexy</i>.
Taylor Nave and Claire Toothill have been at it since the mid teens, after meeting as high-school kids in 2014. Their debut came back in 2017. But it was Covid — Clair Clair’s relocation home to Atlanta and Coco’s graduation — that got them focused, musicking full-time. With jams as solid as these, neatly rapped and cutely sung, inevitably they’ve ended up with plum collaborations and featured on the fourth season of Donald Glover’s <i>Atlanta</i>.
With a typical Gen Alpha magpie approach, Coco & Clair Clair’s music is a cheap, reasonably straightforward scattergun blend, grabbing synths, beats and atmospheres from anywhere in reach, but sticking them firmly within pop formatting. It’s DIY-ish. It’s factory settings, yet still slinks along. Their rapping has a 1980s nursery rhyme lilt, their unison singing even more so. That’s not code for bad MCing, it’s just a tone I’m reaching for: apart from how x-rated and absurdist it is, they could be, say, an Althea and Donna for Generation Brat. Distinct characters come through. So the raw defensive thirst of ‘Kate Spade’ — “<i>Fuck all of the bitches who wanna fuck on my boyfriend / I make him lose his mind every day and every weekend</i>” — has Coco drunk and getting it on, while Clair Clair is clear-eyed, objective, focused on goals — “<i>Write a hit song then I read a big book / I’m all about the lovin’, you can call me bell hooks”</i>.
All as expected, until track four ‘Our House’, which turns out to be that ‘Our House’, the Cosby Stills Nash and Young post-Beatles folk-pop classic from 1970’s <i>Deja Vu</i>. Coco & Clair Clair underpin it with a jungle groove that could be Nia Archives, so it’s a tempo shift as well as conceptually confounding.
<i>Girl</i> is the scene in the movie where the mean girls are being super-mean about someone, but they’re doing so lying on the beach, baking under a technicolour sun, distracted by boys. I love the lyrical lurches from imperiousness to sickly-sweet chill talk. On breakout hit ‘Aggy’ – “This ain’t gonna be another diss track tho / Gotta have competition to make a diss track, hoe / And lucky for you tattered-ass clones / Lookin’ like a jester, you’re no threat to the throne” – to, literally next line — “I’m all about love, don’t mean to be aggy / It’s all good vibes, where’s the party? Drop the addy” (I don’t know if ‘addy’ refers to ‘attitude’ or ‘adderall’ but either works after the whipping. And what immense poetry is ‘tattered-ass clones’). Never too much maximalism or minutiae, a plainspoken schtick-y pop that leaves room for that SZA ‘fuck em all! kill em all!’ scorched earth policy to emotional turmoil, and some great jokes.
<i>Girl</i> leaves one wanting more of Coco & Clair Clair’s world, even with its rushed, grab-bag flavour. With ‘Aggy’ as the closer, perhaps it’s pulled together too quickly, reacting to the crossover impact of that one song. Coco & Clair Clair could become more expansive and build their world more carefully, as well as bouldering their way towards the top of the iconoclast dumb/smart hottie pileup. But whatever, they’re cool.
The debut album by Norway's girl in red is a record to cherish and learn off by heart, finds Cat Caie
In the new Girl Ray album, Diva Harris finds so much joy
The excellent debut album from Goat Girl is a sticky smudged love letter to south London

,,, as long as i long to memorise your sky ,,,
Beautiful, sparse lowercase music recorded at the bottom of the Grand Canyon
Noble And Godlike In Ruin
On their nineteenth album, the San Francisco quartet show no signs of letting up their brutal assault on pop music conventions
Plays music by Mariam Gviniashvili, Aleksandra Słyż, Gerard Lebik, Luigi Russolo, John Hegre
Recreating the bizarre instrumentarium of Futurist artist Luigi Russolo, Luciano Chessa and his orchestra play new music by Mariam Gviniashvili, Aleksandra Słyż, and others
Dance Music 4 Bad People
Jamal Moss reclaims club music for the cause of collective ecstasy and speculative weirdness
Blue Veil
For her first album playing cello alone without electronics, the Berlin-based composer-performer pushes the instrument's overtones to a fever pitch, finds Levi Dayan
I Keep My Diamond Necklace In A Pond Of Sparkling Water
Gryphon Rue’s new LP creaks and grumbles and hums with subterranean and oceanic immensity, singing in voices both animal and botanical, says Bernie Brooks
Luster
Moving back to Ireland's Atlantic coast and signing to 4AD, Maria Somerville makes dreamy shoegazing pop with a little help from Lankum's Ian Lynch and Margie Jean Lewis
Weirdo
The genre-busting iconoclast makes a fearless leap forward on her life-saving second album
The Film
The Philadelphian poet-musician-activist joins up with the North American power trio for a full-on free metal apocalypse
Here's a playlist of everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
At the forefront of an underground British guitar scene that's thriving against all odds, Ex Agent have delivered an idiosyncratic, ever-shifting, and excellent new EP exclusively to tQ subscribers
In our latest antidote to the algorithm, Stephanie Phillips guides us through the South African girl groups who resisted apartheid oppression through the joy of their song
In this month's pod Luke Turner and John Doran celebrate two of the finest records of the c21st thus far
In April's essay, Jonn Elledge explains why everything you thought you knew about the popular self-sufficiency sitcom, first broadcast 50 years ago this week, is wrong.
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Serial collaborator and Propellor Orchestra leader Jack McNeill's long-awaited debut solo album is released today exclusively for tQ subscribers, a record that draws deep on his surroundings in Cumbria, but subverts our expectations of the clarinet as an instrument that hymns the pastoral
In this month's essay, Jeanette Leech seeks to reclaim the legacy of Elastica's vastly underrated second album from prurient mutterings about drug addiction and the collapse of Britpop, celebrating Mark E. Smith collaborations and the birth of M.I.A.
In this month’s antidote to the algorithm Puja Nandi celebrates five pioneering artists, from Asian Dub Foundation (pictured) to Osmani Soundz, who enriched the soundtrack of the pre-millennial UK by mixing drum & bass and electronica with the sounds of the Bengali diaspora
This month John and Luke head all the way back to 1904 to experience the thrills, chills and outright horrors of a modern compendium of ghoulish tales
Exploring the subtle microcosms in rock music then bending them to his will, Ryan Walker interviews Mike Vest about Brain Pills, his new band with Nick Raybould and Adam Stone whose debut EP is released exclusively to tQ subscribers today – a gathering of tales, tunes and feedback
Here's everything we've covered at The Quietus this month, compiled for the listening pleasure of tQ's subscribers
Start each weekend with our free email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
If you’ve read something you love on our site today, please consider becoming a tQ subscriber – our journalism is mostly funded this way. We’ve got some bonus perks waiting for you too.
Sign up for a weekly delve into the tQ archives.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.
Sign up for our free Friday email newsletter.
You have successfully joined our subscriber list.