"This is my life and my intellectual property." 

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

SZA has slammed “thieves” who have leaked her music — threatening to take legal action against them. 

	On Saturday (Jan. 6), the “Snooze” crooner took to X to express how “tired” she is of people disrespecting her music and “intellectual property.” 

	“Leaking my music is stealing. This is my job. This is my life and my intellectual property,” she wrote. “You are a f**king thief, and I promise to put maximum energy into holding everyone accountable to the fullest extent of the law. I’m tired.”

	The Grammy-winning artist’s sentiments follow her announcement of LANA, a deluxe LP with seven to 10 new tracks. The project follows her groundbreaking album SOS. 
LEAKING MY MUSIC IS STEALING . THIS IS MY JOB . THIS IS MY LIFE AND MY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. YOU ARE A FUCKING THIEF AND I PROMISE TO PUT MAXIMUM ENERGY INTO HOLDING EVERYONE ACCOUNTABLE TO THE FULL EXTENT OF THE LAW . I AM TIRED .

	Top Dog Entertainment co-President, Terrence “Punch” Henderson, also supported SZA‘s outburst by explaining what “leaking” music does to an artist and their craft. 

	“When music leaks, it often leads to delays and/or canceling whole projects,” he wrote on X. “When artists work hard to get their music to a point where they’re comfortable sharing it, and then someone steals it and leaks it, it spoils the whole thing. Most of the songs leaked are incomplete and not how the artist wanted [people] to hear it.”

	










	Just as angry as the New Jersey songstress, fans apparently have been doing their own research to find out who the assailant is. “Shout out to The Camp, man. Y’all coming [through] with the info,” Punch continued on X. “Appreciate y’all,” he wrote.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Shout out to The Camp man. Y’all coming thru with the info. Appreciate y’all ??.

	In November, SZA spoke with Variety about her music being shared with the world on someone else’s timing.

	“When people leak my songs, they ruin them. Then it’s not mine anymore; it’s actually yours,” she said. “It’s something unfinished that you decided was ready to be shared. And it’s like, ‘F**k you. Now I’m not releasing it.’ Play your leak, but you’re not gonna bully me into dropping music.”

	She added, “I’m now embarrassed by this less-than-correct version that you put out. You’ve sent me into a weird space creatively when you could have just waited for me, but you’re selfish.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.