Kendrick Lamar and SZA will kick of the 19-stop Grand National Tour on April 19 of next year in Minneapolis.
Kendrick Lamar could easily take the next year off, considering the epic year he’s had thus far but that won’t be the case heading into the following year. Kendrick Lamar and frequent collaborator SZA will embark upon the North American 19-city Grand National Tour, kicking off in the spring.
The Grand National Tour was announced on Tuesday (December 3), just over a week since the release of Kendrick Lamar’s first full-length project GNX on his pgLang recording label and entertainment brand. SZA joined Lamar on GNX standout track “luther,” and has recorded hits with the Compton, Calif. native which include crowdpleasers such as “All The Stars,” among others.
 


					Related Stories
				





Kendrick Lamar Leads 2025 AMAs Nominations






Kendrick Lamar AMA Takeover: From Compton To The Crown






Lil Wayne Says Things Are “Fine” With Him And Kendrick Lamar






It should be assumed that with all the recent fanfare, this will be one of the hottest tickets in town. However, Cash App Visa Card holders will have access to a pre-sale event on Wednesday (December 4) at 10 am local time. Cash App Visa Card holders will also receive 20% off all Grand National Tour merch when purchased with their card during the city stops.
More about the Cash App Visa pre-sale can be found by clicking here. On Friday (December 6) at  10 am local time, the general sale kicks off on www.grandnationaltour.com.
The tour dates and stops for the Grand National Tour are listed below.
Apr 19 – Minneapolis, MN – U.S. Bank Stadium
Apr 23 – Houston, TX – NRG Stadium
Apr 26 – Arlington, TX – AT&T Stadium
Apr 29 – Atlanta, GA – Mercedes Benz Stadium
May 03 – Charlotte, NC – Bank of America Stadium
May 05 – Philadelphia, PA – Lincoln Financial Field
May 08 – East Rutherford, NJ – MetLife Stadium
May 09 – East Rutherford, NJ – MetLife Stadium
May 12 – Foxborough, MA – Gillette Stadium
May 17 – Seattle, WA – Lumen Field
May 21 – Los Angeles, CA – SoFi Stadium
May 23 – Los Angeles, CA – SoFi Stadium
May 27 – Glendale, AZ – State Farm Stadium
May 29 – San Francisco, CA – Oracle Park
May 31 – Las Vegas, NV – Allegiant Stadium
Jun 04 – St. Louis, MO – The Dome at America’s Center
Jun 06 – Chicago, IL – Soldier Field
Jun 10 – Detroit, MI – Ford Field
Jun 12 – Toronto, ON – Rogers Centre
Jun 16 – Hershey, PA – Hersheypark Stadium
Jun 18 – Washington, DC – Northwest Stadium
—
Photo: Getty


Kendrick Lamar & SZA Set To Embark On Grand National Tour In 2025 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Savor the City								

									The Family Matters Cast Remembers The Life of Michelle Thomas								

									Activate								

									Fatal Attraction								

									For My Man								

									Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Has Social Media In A Chokehold								

									Schedule								

									Featured Shows								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.