Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
We have more newsletters
Get the best celeb gossip with the Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
We have more newsletters
Lizzo has hinted that she's quitting showbiz.
The Good At Hell hitmaker, 35, signed into her official Instagram account on Friday (March 29) to share a dramatic statement with her 12.1million followers.
She wrote: "I'm getting tired of putting up with being dragged by everyone in my life and on the internet. All I want is to make music and make people happy and help the world be a little better than how I found it. But I'm starting to feel like the world doesn't want me in it."
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star TV stories
She "I'm constantly up against lies being told about me for clout & views... being the butt of the joke every single time because of how I look. "My character being picked apart by people who don't know me and disrespecting my name. I didn't sign up for this s**t. I quit," she ended her post with a peace sign emoji.
Unsurprisingly, Lizzo's, real name Mellissa Viviane Jefferson, message left her fans concerned, with some flocking to the comment section to leave a support message for the pop star. One fan penned: "You are loved." Another added: "You NEED to be here." A third person said: "Gurl you can't keep showing them haters who's boss! You're untouchably talented and we are grateful you share it with us all."
The star has been keeping out of the spotlight since claims arose last year that she sexually harassed her back up dancers. Her first public appearance since was at the Grammy Awards last month where she presented the award for Best R&B Song to SZA. It's been a turbulent year for the singer as she was also forced to deny she'd split from her boyfriend Myke Wright after they unfollowed each other on social media.
Lizzo and Wright started dating two years ago in October 2021 according to People, with the songstress confirming the relationship in April 2022. They were hit with split after unfollowing each other on social media, with Lizzo deleting all the photos of the pair together. But during an appearance on the Howard Stern Show in December 2022, Lizzo declared her love for Wright and discouraged any potential suitors from hitting on her. A spokesperson for the star told the Daily Mail at the time that there is "no truth" in claims that the couple have parted ways.
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter