Sony’s profits have surged 69% on the back of strong sales of its image sensors, games, music and network services.
Tokyo-based Sony’s quarterly profit totalled 338.5 billion yen (£1.7 billion) in July-September, up from 200 billion yen (£154m) in the same period last year.
Consolidated quarterly sales edged up 3% year-on-year to 2.9 trillion yen (£14.7bn).
The Japanese electronic and entertainment giant’s results were boosted by healthy demand around the world for image sensors used in mobile products.
Sales also held up in its video games division. During the latest quarter, 3.8 million PlayStation 5 game consoles were sold globally, although that is below the 4.9 million units sold in the same period a year ago.
Demand remained strong for PS5 game software, according to Sony.
The top-selling music releases from Sony for the quarter included SOS by SZA, David Gilmour’s Luck And Strange and Kenshi Yonezu’s Lost Corner.
One area where Sony’s business suffered was its movies division, which was hurt by production delays caused by the strikes in Hollywood.
Among the recent hit films from Sony was It Ends With Us, a romantic drama based on a novel.
Sony, which also makes digital cameras and TVs, stuck to its forecast for a 980 billion yen (£4.9bn) profit for the fiscal year through March 2025, up 1% from the previous fiscal year.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.