By 

	Tomás Mier


	A new festival is coming to Pittsburgh, and the lineup is filled with stars.

	On Tuesday, Sudden Little Thrills Music Festival — a new two-day fest set for Sept. 7 and 8 at Hazelwood Green — announced its lineup featuring headlining sets from the Killers, SZA, Melanie Martinez, and Wiz Khalifa performing a hometown birthday set.

	Day One, headlined by the Killers and Martinez, will also see performances from St. Vincent, Fletcher, Ethel Cain, Del Water Gap, Girl Talk, Good Neighbours, Charlotte Sands, and Kenny Mason.

	Sunday’s festival, headlined by SZA and Khalifa, will feature performances from Omar Apollo, Yung Gravy, the Driver Era, Hippo Campus, Lupe Fiasco, Corook, and Royel Otis.

	The festival also places a spotlight on Pittsburgh’s local artists, including Feeble Little Horse, Corook, Fedd the God, and Krunk and the Center of Life Band. The event will also feature local cuisine and spirits, plus a portion of each ticket will go to support grassroots organizations in the community.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	








Tickets for the festival start at $249 for general admission, $335 for GA+, and $649 for 2-day VIP tickets that include private bars, dedicated on-field viewing, and express lanes into the festival and at stores. There is also a 2-day platinum ticket for $1400, includes front-of-stage viewing, complimentary beer and seltzers, dining, and more.

	Fans can also purchase single-day tickets for GA starting at $159 and VIP for $399. Presale tickets are available beginning on April 18.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.