The inaugural Louisville, Ky., festival is set for Memorial Day Weekend. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Jack Harlow is representing for his hometown in a major way. The “First Class” rapper announced the launch of Gazebo Festival in Louisville, Ky., on Wednesday (Feb. 28).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Jack Harlow		
					






















	
		
					SZA		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The inaugural two-day festival is coming to Kentucky’s Waterfront Park on Memorial Day Weekend (May 25-26) to celebrate “the intersection of music and culture.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







SZA is slated to co-headline the festival on the Ohio River with Jack Harlow, while James Blake, Vince Staples, Veeze, Pinkpantheress, Rich Homie Quan, Omar Apollo, Majid Jordan, Slum Village, BNYX, Karrahbooo and more round out the bill. 

	










	“I GIVE YOUUU… GAZEBO FEST,” Harlow wrote on Instagram when announcing the festival.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Pre-sale tickets will be available starting on March 6 at 10 a.m. ET, while the general public can get its hands on tickets through the festival website on March 8 at 10 a.m. ET.

	Prices for the general admission tickets are penciled in to start at $255. VIP packages are available, which include viewing upgrades with better food options and access to an air-conditioned VIP lounge. 

	“Jack Harlow is an extraordinary Louisvillian who continues to give back to his hometown,” said Louisville Mayor Craig Greenberg in a press release. “This is yet another way Jack is showing up for our city, and I can’t wait to see the excitement this festival creates. I am so grateful for his commitment to making first class things happen for Louisville and our people.”

	A portion of all ticket proceeds will benefit community organizations and local initiatives in the Louisville area through the Jack Harlow Foundation, which the “Lovin On Me” rapper launched last year.

	Find the entire Gazebo Fest lineup below.
A post shared by @jackharlow
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.