Why are we asking for donations?







                                            Why are we asking for donations?
                                        

                                            This site is free thanks to our community of supporters. Voluntary donations from readers like you keep our news accessible for everyone.
                                        
Donation Options


Search
Search
Search
SZA performs onstage during the Grammy Awards at Crypto.com Arena in February. The singer is among this year’s headliners at Lollapalooza in Chicago.
Kevin Winter/Getty Images
Share
SZA, Blink 182, Tyler, The Creator, The Killers, Hozier, Future X Metro Boomin, Melanie Martinez, Stray Kids and Skrillex are among this year’s Lollapalooza headliners it was announced Tuesday. The full lineup was also revealed.
This years festival runs Aug. 1-4 in Grant Park across eight stages and features more than 170 performers, including Brigitte Calls Me Baby, Deftones, Victoria Monét, Tate McRae, Laufey (with the Chicago Philharmonic), Zedd and Vince Staples.
You can see the daily lineup here. 
Tyler, The Creator performs at Lollapalooza in 2021. He returning to headline this year’s festival in Grant Park. 
Pat Nabong/Sun-Times
A ticket pre-sale runs 10 a.m. to noon March 21 at lollapalooza.com, for 4-day general admission, GA+, VIP and platinum tickets. (Sign up for the pre-sale is now underway at the festival website). Prices will increase at start of general onsale beginning at noon same day. Kids 8 and under get in free with a ticketed adult. 
Single-day ticket onsale and the daily lineup are available starting Tuesday, March 26 at 12 p.m. CT. 
Prices will increase on 4-Day GA tickets at the same time. 
In 2022, Lolla’s parent company, C3 Presents, entered into a new 10-year contract extension with the city of Chicago, guaranteeing the return of the yearly fest for the foreseeable future. According to the agreement, attendance will be capped at 115,000 people per day.
For more information, visit lollapalooza.com.
Courtesy Lollapalooza
Share
© 2025 Chicago Sun-Times Media, Inc.
Terms of Use • Privacy Notice • Cookie Policy • Terms of Sale