By
SZA recently sparked excitement among fans by sharing a teaser trailer for her upcoming project, Lana, on social media. The long-running speculation over whether Lana would be a standalone release or a deluxe edition of her hit album SOS seems to have been answered.
The trailer features a new song that samples the Isley Brothers’ “Voyage to Atlantis” and shows SZA in the woods, squatting as if to use the toilet. Text in the clip reads “Lana” followed by “SOS Deluxe,” indicating the project is likely an extension of her critically acclaimed sophomore album. SZA captioned the post, “Clock starts now. Happy anniversary,” referencing the one-year mark since SOS dropped. However, she hasn’t disclosed when the project will officially be released.
During a recent livestream with Kai Cenat, SZA hinted at even more new music, saying, “There’s a whole new project that you will hear […] It will be out before the year is over.” A Vogue cover story also revealed that SZA is working on two projects simultaneously: the SOS Deluxe and her third album, titled Lana.
SZA has long teased plans to expand SOS, which became a massive success upon its release. Speaking to Billboard, she shared her thoughts on closing this chapter of her career: “After I do the deluxe, I’m hoping to be able to accept that this chapter is done. I’m looking forward to actually feeling proud of myself and not just smiling and nodding at accolades but really feeling it internally and knowing that I’m good enough.” She continued, “I guess I need to stop trying to figure out what it means and start realizing and living in what it is.”
Fans are now eagerly waiting for what promises to be another unforgettable moment in SZA’s career.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97