MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
Ahead of the intersection dedication in honor of Anthony “Top Dawg” Tiffith for his contributions to the music industry, the Los Angeles City Council Friday recognized him in Council Chambers.
Councilman Tim McOsker, who represents the 15th District, covering parts of San Pedro, Watts and other harbor communities, led the presentation alongside Councilman Marqueece Harris-Dawson.
The producer and record label owner was born and raised in Nickerson Gardens, a housing development in the neighborhood of Watts. According to the councilman, Top Dawg’s home became a “battleground and a crucible, shaping the resilience of those who lived there and leaving a mark.”
In 2004, at the age of 30, Top Dawg founded a neighborhood record label called Top Dawg Entertainment, which became a space to cultivate budding talent and provide the opportunity that many would not have been possible without his efforts.
“We are acknowledging this great man and this great organization, but also Watts, which is full of so many next Top Dawgs,” McOsker said. “There is so much talent and there’s so much opportunity, and we lift each other up when we come together.”
McOsker added, “Top Dawg and (T.D.E.) is just a living example of that.”
T.D.E is currently home to the pioneers of the hip-hop industry — bringing home Watt’s first Grammy Award winner under rapper Jay Rock, as well as the hip-hop world’s first Pulitzer Prize for literary excellence to Kendrick Lamar.
In addition, the record label currently has signed artists such as SZA, Ab-Soul and Schoolboy Q.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
Last year, T.D.E. hosted its 10th annual T.D.E. Christmas event, marked by resources provided to residents over a two-day period, including a star-studded concert for the community.
Harris-Dawson recalled attending one of the T.D.E.’s Christmas concerts, and encouraged everybody to attend at least once.
“Not only do T.D.E. artists perform, but they get the best artist in the mix at the moment to come to the project and give a free show,” Harris-Dawson said. “Everybody’s welcomed, the community embraces them.”
Jay Rock made a special guest appearance and shared how grateful he was for meeting Top Dawg.
“I mean he put me in the studio, and gave me an opportunity. He not only did that for me, but you know, he took me like his own and raised me up to be a better man that I am today,” Rock said.
He added, “This is a big dawg. You know, I’m saying, I love you. I appreciate everything you’ve done for me and for the community.”
Surrounded by family, friends and his community, Top Dawg thanked everybody for the recognition.
“Growing up in the project, it was tough. You know, we went through a lot of things but the goal was to come back, build and teach,” Top Dawg said. “
“I never thought I’d be standing here in the City Council getting this intersection named after me,” he continued. “Never in my wildest dreams, and I appreciate it.”
McOsker will host the street dedication ceremony Saturday at 2 p.m. along with the record label owner, his supporters and the community. The intersection of East Imperial Highway and South Central Avenue in Watts will be named “Anthony Tiffith T.D.E. Music Square.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!