Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Coldplay are set to make history when they become the only band to perform at Glastonbury five times. The music icons will return to the stage at Somerset's Worthy Farm as one of the headline acts, joining the likes of Dua Lipa, SZA and Shania Twain. 
Their loyal appearance at the festival comes ahead of the release of their tenth studio album, Moon Music, in 2025, in line with the band's 25th anniversary. Formed in London in 1997, the four-piece band released their first album Parachutes in 2000, leaving the legacy singles of Yellow, Trouble Don't Panic. 
Coldplay has sold more than 100 million albums worldwide, making them one of the world's best-selling musical artists. They have also won seven Grammys. Below is how and when fans can watch them perform.
READ MORE: Glastonbury 2024: Saturday line-up, stage times and TV schedule
READ MORE: Glastonbury Festival 2024: Temporary road changes including road closures, speed limit restrictions and one-way orders
Coldplay will perform on the Pyramid Stage at 9.45pm. They will be the last act to play their set on this stage, on Saturday. Festival goers will be treated to a two-hour performance and will follow Little Simz. Other acts performing on that stage on Saturday is Keane and Cyndi Lauper.
The BBC will this year show the five main stages across iPlayer, as well as on BBC One and Two at various points of the weekend. On iPlayer, fans can find continuous live streams from the Pyramid, Other, West Holts, Park and Woodsies stages.
As part of the their most recent Music of the Spheres tour this year, Coldplay have performed at quite a few gigs recently. And those gigs have given an indication as to what the band may play at Glastonbury. Here's their set list from their appearance at the Olympic Stadium in Athens, on June 8.
When Coldplay are on the Glastonbury Pyramid Stage from 9.45-11.45pm on Saturday, June 29 the other main stages will host the following acts:
Other Stage: Disclosure 
West Holts Stage - Jesse Ware 
Woodsies Stage - Sleaford Mods and Gossip
Park Stage - Orbital, Peggy Gou
Avalon Stage - The Magic Number, New Model Army