By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:54, 31 August 2024   |  Updated:  09:57, 31 August 2024   
 61
View  comments
Louise Redknapp showcased her jaw-dropping figure as she continued to soak up the sun on the Greek island of Kefalonia on Friday.
The singer, 49, looked incredible in a busty green bikini top which she teamed with a figure-hugging crotched Zara maxi skirt.
Louise layered the ensemble with an oversized Toteme shirt that was worn open to display her toned abs and slipped her feet into sandals. 
Shielding her eyes behind a pair of swanky Celine sunglasses, the stunner posed up a storm with a gorgeous ocean backdrop. 
Earlier in the day the mother-of-two shared a clip to her Instagram as she showed her  835,000 followers her lavish hotel. 
Louise Redknapp, 49, showcased her jaw-dropping figure as she continued to soak up the sun on the Greek island of Kefalonia on Friday
Louise panned the camera to show a stunning pool, situated right next to the sea.
And she seemed to be making the most of her Greek getaway as she later posted another story of a sun lounger, with the caption 'Beautiful!' 
Last month, Louise put on a cosy display with her boyfriend Drew Michael, 40, as they joined a group of friends at Henley Festival.
She looked lovely in a sheer black floral dress which teased her lingerie while her boyfriend rocked a black suit and bow tie. 
The outing come after Louise gave fans an insight into their relationship with a slew of loved-up snaps from their time at Glastonbury.
The couple were among the thousands who gathered to watch a whole host of music acts perform at the festival which included headliners Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA.
In one of the photos, Louise and Drew kissed, while in another they posed with a drink in hand. They headed to the annual festival with a big group of friends.
The star captioned the shot: 'Thank you Glastonbury 2024'.
Earlier in the day the mother-of-two shared a clip to her Instagram as she showed her 835,000 followers her lavish hotel 
Louise panned the camera to show a stunning pool, situated right next to the sea 
Last month, Louise put on a cosy display with her boyfriend Drew Michael, 40, as they joined a group of friends at Glastonbury
Louise went Instagram official with Drew in November as they celebrated his 40th birthday with her eldest son Charles, 19.
It is the first public relationship for the star since her 2017 divorce from former footballer Jamie, 51, who married model Frida Andersson in 2021.
Speaking about finding love again previously, Louise said: 'I'm very happy, he's great, lovely, it's really nice.
'It's been a really long time for me. It's lovely to have met somebody that makes me so happy.'
Jamie and Louise share two sons, Charlie and Beau, 14, while the former footballer also shares a son Raphael, two, with wife Frida.
Frida also has four children who she shares with her ex-husband, Jonathan Lourie.
Amid her new relationship milestone, Louise recently ventured out of the music industry and embarked on a new career path.
Louise, who first found fame in the RnB group Eternal in the early 90s, has launched a new beauty business called Nakd Beauty Ltd, selling 'wholesale of perfume and cosmetics', according to The Sun.
Already, the star has her own fashion range with the clothing store Peacocks and her own cosmetics blog Lou Loves By Louise.
It is the first public relationship for Louise since her 2017 divorce from former footballer Jamie, who is now married to model Frida Andersson (Louise and Jamie in 2016) 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group