The North Carolina rapper relayed his feelings during his 2024 Dreamville Festival closing set. 

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

J. Cole has officially walked back his recent Kendrick Lamar diss. During his closing set at the fourth annual Dreamville Festival on Sunday (April 7), the North Carolina rapper addressed how he regrets releasing his “7 Minute Drill” track, which debuted on his Might Delete Later project just two days prior. 

	“I damn near had a relapse… Y’all heard that bazooka that was dropped on the game, right?” he said to a sea of festival attendees. He was referencing K. Dot’s blockbuster “Like That” verse, where Lamar took aim at Drake and Cole. The “No Role Modelz” rapper then explained how he felt pressured into responding, adding, “For the first time, I was tested. I got the world and I got my n**gas saying, ‘What you gon’ do Cole?'”

	










	J. Cole also expressed his appreciation for Drizzy and Kendrick, and he confirmed he had no actual beef with the latter in the first place. “I was conflicted because, I know my heart and I know how I feel about my peers, these two n**gas that I’m blessed to even stand beside in this game and let alone chase their greatness. I felt conflicted because I know I don’t really feel no way. But the world want to see blood,” he said. “I moved in a way that, spiritually, I feel bad.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






J. Cole apologizes to Kendrick Lamar for dissing him on ‘7 Minute Drill’ at Dreamville Fest… “How many of y’all think Kendrick Lamar is one of the greatest ever to pick up a mic”“I haven’t been sleeping right the last few days… Ib, we taking that diss off streaming… https://t.co/gafW1g6Hw9

	Elsewhere in his speech, he said Kendrick is one of the “greatest to ever touch a mic” and he’s prepared for K. Dot’s next step. “That was the lamest, goofiest sh*t… I pray that God aligns me back on my purpose and on my path,” he continued. “I pray that my n**ga didn’t really feel no way. And if he did, my n**ga I got my chin out. Take your best shot, I’ma take that sh*t on the chin. Boy, do what you do. All good.”

	The monologue ends with the Born Sinner spitter focusing on a positive future. “I pray that y’all forgive a n**ga for the misstep and I could get back to my true path… So all of that to say, I want to perform the song that’s a reminder to me of getting on the right path and getting in tune with God,” he concluded before performing “Love Yourz.” Watch the full speech above. 

	On the aforementioned “7 Minute Drill” track, Cole shot at the Los Angeles native by insinuating that To Pimp A Butterfly “put n**gas to sleep,” referenced the infamous 2013 “Control” verse, and more. 

	










	“I came up in the ‘Ville, so I’m good when it’s tension/ He still doin’ shows, but fell off like the Simpsons/ Your first sh*t was classic, your last sh*t was tragic/ Your second sh*t put n**gas to sleep, but they gassed it/ Your third sh*t was massive and that was your prime/ I was trailin’ right behind and I just now hit mine,” he raps in verse one. “Now I’m front of the line with a comfortable lead/ How ironic, soon as I got it, now he want somethin’ with me/ Well, he caught me at the perfect time, jump up and see/ Boy, I got here off of bars, not no controversy.”

	Give “7 Minute Drill” from Might Delete Later a spin below. 

	The 2024 Dreamville Festival took place on April 6-7 in Raleigh, NC, for its fourth iteration. Aside from head honcho Jermaine Cole, additional headliners included SZA, Nicki Minaj, and 50 Cent, the last of whom was a replacement for Chris Brown. 

	Attendees were also able to enjoy sets from Lil Yachty, ScHoolboy Q, Sexyy Red, Jeremih, Teezo Touchdown, Amaarae, Luh Tyler, Domani, Rema, Jeezy, Monica, Rae Sremmurd, Key Glock, TiaCorine, and Chase Shaku. Of course, the rest of the Dreamville roster — J.I.D, Cozz, Omen, EarthGang, and Lute — were on the lineup as well. Check out an early recap below. 
A post shared by Dreamville Fest (@dreamvillefest)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.