Manage your account
(NEXSTAR) — Creed, the late 1990s post-grunge/quasi-Christian rock band once considered the worst band of the nineties, is still touring — and welcoming fans with arms wide open onto the wide open seas.
Recently, the band reunited for a 90s-themed cruise experience, which proved to be so popular, they’re it again next year. The S.S. Creed (not the boat’s actual name) is set to sail from Miami to Nassau, Bahamas, on April 9, 2025, and offer guests four-nights of music and experiences as part of the “Summer of ’99 and Beyond Cruise II.”
 ‘Full House’ property in San Francisco listed for $6.5 million 
While next year’s guests have yet to be announced, Creed’s previous ocean outings included appearances by ’90s-2000s acts like the 3 Doors Down, Vertical Horizon, Buckcherry, Fuel and “American Idol” alum Chris Daughtry.
According to the event website, guests will sail on the Norwegian Gem cruise ship, which features the cruise amenities you would expect — swimming pools, spa and casino — in addition to special “Summer of ’99” exclusives like meet-and-greets, podcast recordings and artist panels.
Prices for the cruise are on a first-come-first-served basis and tickets/rooms range from $973-$7,791, depending on number of guests and room type.
Creed (whose lineup currently includes lead singer Scott Stapp, guitarist Mark Tremonti, bassist Brian Marshall, and drummer Scott Phillips), was wildly successful in the late 1990s and early 2000s.
 More than $1,000 worth of ‘Bum Bum Cream’ stolen from Ulta, four wanted 
The group’s 1997 debut album “My Own Prison” spawned several rock radio hits and was certified six-times platinum. But the Florida-originated band would find even more massive success with the release of their sophomore effort, “Human Clay,” which was released in September 1999.
Propelled by the mega-hits “Higher” and “With Arms Wide Open” (for which the group won a Grammy Award), the album would go on to sell a staggering 11 million copies (which was impressive even then) in the U.S. alone. Creed would sell another 6 million copies of its No. 1 third album “Weathered” in 2001 before the group’s original disbandment in 2004. Strained relationships and Stapp’s own battle with addiction were factors in the breakup, though the band would be back together by 2009.
But despite its major industry success, the band has fielded constant critical scrutiny from the press and non-fans.
 Over 1.2M rechargeable lights sold nationwide recalled after death, fires 
Back in 2013, Rolling Stone readers voted Creed the No. 1 worst band of the ’90s, ahead of other “joke” bands of the same era like Dave Matthews Band and Nickelback. As part of its coverage, Rolling Stone added: “It’s no surprise that Creed won this poll. It wasn’t even close. This is a band so hated that their own fans sued them after a famously bad show in Chicago in 2003.”
Things seem to be turning around for Creed, however.
Just this year, the group has seen an unexpected surge in popularity due to their 2002 single “One Last Breath” becoming a viral hit on TikTok, the Texas Rangers celebrating their World Series win by chanting “Higher,” and a shoutout from Grammy winner SZA, who opined to Variety that Creed (and Nickelback) were loved by Black audiences.
“They rock!” said the “Kill Bill” singer. “That s— is bomb! Why do you all hate it so much?”
To find out more about Creed and their upcoming cruise, visit Summer of 99 Cruise.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WFLA.