On Feb. 5, P1Harmony released their first official studio album “Killin’ It.”
The record quickly became Korea’s number one album and shot to the top of Billboard’s World Albums chart.
Riding that wave of momentum, the talented sextet will bring their hits to North America on their ‘P1USTAGE H: UTOP1A Tour’ this May and June.
Major shows on the 11-concert run includes stops at Boston’s Wang Theatre on May 26, Washington, D.C.’s The Anthem on May 30, New York City’s Governors Ball on June 8 and Los Angeles’ Kia Forum on June 16.
And, based on an interview from last year, the band sets lofty goals for their live shows.
“We’re constantly thinking, ‘How can we be better than the last tour?’” Keeho told Consequence . “We wanted to give people a reason to come see us again.”
So, if you want to see the hitmakers live again — or for the first time (!) — you can pick up P1Harmony tickets as soon as today.
Although inventory isn’t available on Ticketmaster until Friday, March 1, fans who want to ensure they have tickets ahead of time can purchase on sites like Vivid Seats before tickets are officially on sale.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A complete calendar including all tour dates, venues and links to buy tickets can be found here.
From June 7-9, the annual Gov Ball is going down at Flushing, NY’s Flushing Meadows Corona Park.
Big name headliners joining P1Harmony this year include Rauw Alejandro, SZA, Post Malone, The Killers and 21 Savage.
Click here to grab single and multi-day passes.
In February 2023, P1Harmony toured all over North America.
Here’s what they performed at one of those gigs, courtesy of Set List FM.
01.) “Look at Me Now”02.) “Back Down”03.) “Scared”04.) “Doom Du Doom”05.) “End It”06.) “Black Hole”07.) “21” (DEAN cover)08.) “Hug Me” (Jung Joon Il cover)09.) “Love Never Felt So Good” (Michael Jackson cover)10.) “Bow Wow”11.) “Siren”12.) “Mirror Mirror”13.) “Follow Me”14.) “Gotta Get Back”15.) “BFF (Best Friends Forever)”
16.) “Nemonade”17.) “Secret Sauce”18.) “Do It Like This”19.) “Breakthrough”20.) “If You Call Me”21.) “Swagger”22.) “AYAYA”23.) “That’s It”
Comprised of ten tracks, P1Harmony’s first full-length album is 30 minutes of nonstop high-energy pop and lovely ballads.
From the party starting title track to the bouncy “Late Night Calls” (complete with bird calls!) to the surefire anthem “Everybody Clap,” the record goes hard for the first third.
“Love Story” slows things down before segueing into the bop “Countdown To Love.”
The second half of the record had our stuff nodding their head along to the electric singalong “Emergency” and catchy “Street Star.”
Can’t wait to pop in your headphones and give the album a listen?
You can find “Killin’ It” here.
As noted above, there are six members in the newly formed group (P1Harmony got their start in 2020).
They are: 
Keeho (기호) leader, vocalistTheo (테오) vocalistJiung (지웅) vocalist, rapper, dancerIntak (인탁) rapper, dancerSoul (소울) rapper, dancerJongseob (종섭) rapper, dancer
Many huge K-stars are touring all over the U.S. this year.
Here are just five of our favorites you won’t want to miss live.
• IU aka Lee Ji-eun
• ITZY
• Enhypen
• Ive
• Oneus
Also, make sure you don’t sleep on the Heads In The Clouds Festival in Queens, NY on May 11-12.
Who else is on tour? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find out.