From first-time headliners proving their mettle to reuniting legends, experimental artists making new moves in Europe to beloved faves at the top of their game
Since it launched in 2001, Primavera Sound has garnered a rock-solid reputation for putting together some of the finest line-ups of indie, alternative, electronic and hip-hop around. Although the festival has popped up in different cities and countries around the world, its Barcelona outpost is still the flagship event of the Primavera canon and the 2024 edition is stuffed with acts that make it another unmissable year. From first-time headliners proving their mettle to reuniting legends, experimental artists making new moves in Europe to beloved faves at the top of their game, here’s NME’s pick of who to catch in Barcelona this year.
Who: Eclectic pop auteur levelling up to the top tier of festival bills
What to expect: This is the start of SZA’s big European festival headline run, with Glastonbury, BST Hyde Park and more to follow. Her bill-topping set at Primavera should bring the magnetic confidence and electric stage presence – plus those killer vocals that have become her calling card – she showed on her recent arena tour to Parc del Fòrum to prove her chops as one of the best in the game.
When: 12am, June 1, Santander
Who: Riot grrrl pioneers making their long-awaited return to Europe
What to expect: Bikini Kill were due to rip up stages across the continent in 2022, but had to scrap the European leg of their tour due to COVID and “other circumstances”. Although the band have said they have no plans to make new music, their back catalogue (sadly) remains more than relevant today, offering the perfect chance to exorcise your frustrations with the world at their set.
When: 11pm, June 1, Pull&Bear
Who: French electronic music wizards back with a world-beating new album
What to expect: Justice have long been renowned for their ferocious, mind-blowing live sets and, as their Coachella 2024 appearance showed, their new live set-up only strengthens that reputation. Blinding, bright lights that strobe into the sky and over the crowd create an immersive experience that, somehow, makes the tunes sound even bigger and more powerful than before.
When: 1:45am, May 30, Estrella Damm
Who: Iconic reunited hip-hop duo comprised of Pusha T and No Malice
What to expect: Individually, Pusha T and No Malice pack a lot of bite, with both stars having carved out their own distinctive strongholds in hip-hop since Clipse dissolved in 2010. Put them back together – as they did when they reunited last year – and that becomes ever more potent, promising an unmissable Primavera moment.
When: 12:40am, May 31, Amazon Music
Who: One of the most exciting rock bands in South Korea right now
What to expect: Experimental rock with pop hooks that will keep whirling round your brain for days. At home in Korea, Silica Gel have been steadily rising through the ranks, bolstered by three unpredictable, exhilarating albums. Last year’s ‘Power Andre 99’ spans 18 tracks but keeps you on your toes the entire time, masterfully weaving through expansive instrumental adventures (the epic ‘MachineboyGong’), soft-focus indie (‘Andre99’) and rousing rockers (‘No Pain’). This is the band’s first performance outside of Asia, but if there’s any justice, it will be just the start of Silica Gel’s path to world domination.
When: 6pm, May 31, Amazon Music
Who: Genre-hopping singer-songwriter with the Midas touch
What to expect: Last year’s ‘Fountain Baby’ album – her second so far – reinforced Amaarae’s standing as a boundaryless talent, effortlessly hopping from sound to sound, genre to genre and making them all sound inimitably her own in the process. As such, her set at Primavera should be an eclectic, enthralling experience that will transport the audience through a dazzling spectrum of music.
When: 9:45pm, May 30, Amazon Music
Who: Pop fave kicking off his ‘Something To Give Each Other’ tour
What to expect: Big pop hits and a lot of cheeky fun. It’s been a while since Troye Sivan performed beyond bitesize promo appearances last year, but armed with his brilliant third album, ‘Something To Give Each Other’, the Australian star’s return is set to be glorious. If the Spanish sun doesn’t get you sweaty, Sivan will.
When: 8:30pm, May 31, Santander
Who: Indie rockers who tiptoe between fuzzy thrills and soft and sweet melodies
What to expect: The songs of Chicago’s Slow Pulp are like dreamy spells that make everything feel that little bit more bearable and brighter. Expect that magic to only grow in person, turning Parc del Forum into a radiant sphere of indie joy.
When: 6pm, June 1, Plentitude
Who: The most in-demand DJ of the moment on the verge of (finally) releasing her debut album
What to expect: Peggy Gou is scheduled to take the Amazon Music stage to the end of the night on her allotted day with a massive two-hour set. That means two hours of her perfectly curating one of Primavera’s biggest dance parties, from banging remixes and tracks that will get you moving, to expertly deployed moments to give you the brief breather you need before the next ramp up to dance heaven.
When: 2:15am, May 30, Amazon Music
Who: Enigmatic figure slowly making his way back to music
What to expect: Last year, Jai Paul made his first-ever live appearances, over a decade after first whipping up a frenzy with ‘BTSTU’. The reports from those shows were nothing short of glowing, with Paul using the sets to reclaim his leaked demos from ‘Leak 04-13 (Bait Ones)’ and share fun, surprise covers. Expect more of the same as he reignites his well-deserved comeback journey for 2024.
When: 10:55pm, May 31, Cupra
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.