Glastonbury Festival has finally announced its line-up for 2024's edition of the world-famous music event. Taking to its social media accounts this morning (Thursday, March 14), it was revealed that Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA will be the headliners.
Shania Twain was also announced as the 'Legends' performer. Glastonbury Festival organisers wrote: "Here is the first Glastonbury Festival 2024 line-up poster.
"Many more acts and attractions still to be announced." The festival is set to take place on between Wednesday, June 26 and Sunday, June 30.
The three headliners will be gracing the festival's iconic Pyramid Stage on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Fans were already convinced Coldplay would be headliners.
It is no secret that the band's frontman Chris Martin is a huge fan of the Glastonbury Festival. Last year, he entertained punters at a local Glastonbury pub with an impromptu piano performance. Back in 2021, Coldplay performed in Glastonbury’s Live At Worthy Farm livestream after the festival was cancelled due to Covid- 19.
Alongside the three main headliners, Idles, Disclosure and The National will be headling the Other Stage. Other exciting acts to appear on the line-up include LCD Soundsystem and PJ Harveys.
Also announced in the first round of artists are Little Simz, Burna Boy, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka, Jannelle Monae, Seventeen, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean, and Ayra Starr.
Set to hit the Other Stage also includes D-Block Europe, The Streets, Two Door Cinema Club, Anne-Marie, Camilla Cabello, Avril Lavigne, Bombay Bicycle Club, Bloc Party, The Last Dinner Party, Nothing But Thieves, Confidence Man, and Headie One.
West Holts will see Jungle, Jessie Ware, Justice, Heilung, Masego, Nia Archives, Danny Brown, Black Pumas, Brittany Howard, Sugababes, Nitin Sawney, Jordan Rakei, Asha Puthli, Noname, Corrine Bailey Rae, Steel Pulse, Squid, and Sofia Kourtesis take to the stage.
Jamie XX, Gossip, James Blake, Sampha, Sleaford Mods, Romy, Declan McKenna, Yard Act, Arlo Parks, Alvvays, Fat White Family, Blondshell, Kenya Grace, Soccer Mommey, Remi Wolf, Mannequin Pussy, Newdad, High Vis, and Kneecap are all scheduled to play Woodies, formerly known as the John Peel Stage.
Other acts include Peggy Gou, London Grammar, Ghetts, DJ Spen, Faithless, and Flowerovlove. This is just the first wave of announcements for 2024's festival, so we can expect to have more acts confirmed over the next few months.
Glastonbury Festival recently announced it would be giving 20 pairs of tickets away in a massive raffle. The money raised will be donated to the British Red Cross, Oxfam and War Child who are working in areas of conflict delivering humanitarian support to those who need it most. For anyone interested in pledging, the prize draw is only open to UK residents.
People will have until 12pm (GMT) on Thursday, March 28. You can enter as many times as you want. Each winner will receive two tickets, with entry to the Festival for themselves and a guest. Entrants will be able to choose from four different options, based on different donations amounts.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.