Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 Motorists are being warned to allow extra time on major routes across Somerset ahead of Glastonbury Festival this week. The beloved festival will return to Worthy Farm from June 26 to 30, with Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA set to headline, with plenty of rumours circulating about the 'surprise' slot.
More than 200,000 people are expected to attend Glastonbury Festival in Pilton and motorways and major A roads leading to the Glastonbury Festival are likely to be busy from Wednesday (June 26) to Friday (June 28).
Festival traffic is expected to have very little impact on Glastonbury, but drivers are advised that traffic to the festival is expected to reach its peak on Wednesday, particularly around junctions 25 and 23 of the M5, as festival goers make their way to the site.
 READ MORE - Glastonbury Festival weather forecast as Met Office gives official verdict 
 READ MORE - Glastonbury Festival 2024: Temporary road changes including road closures, speed limit restrictions and one-way orders 
In previous years, the A39 has been heavily congested by mid-morning. Traffic is expected to increase again on Monday, July 1, as revellers leave the festival site.
The primary motorway route for festival traffic to the site is the M5, with drivers exiting at junction 23 to take the A39 and A361, while the A303-A37 is also used for traffic arriving from London, with the A303 eastbound expected to be particularly busy from Podimore Roundabout.
Drivers coming from the north using the M5 should exit at junction 23 and head east on the A39 to the A361, while those coming from the south via the M5 should follow the event signage and leave the motorway at junction 25 for Taunton. Festivalgoers approaching from the east via the A303 should then follow the A37 north to Worthy Farm.
People using the M4 in Wiltshire should head down to the festival from junction 17 on the A350 before going onto the A361 west.
The RAC is advising drivers not to travel tired, to be prepared for delays by carrying plenty of water in the event of high temperatures, and to check their vehicles aren’t going to let them down.
RAC Breakdown spokesperson Alice Simpson said: “Traffic jams are enough to drive people ‘totally crazy’ at the best of times but can be even more frustrating if you’ve already been travelling for hours with a carful of tents and camping equipment.
“While it will be extremely difficult to avoid heavy traffic on the final roads leading to Glastonbury, you can take several steps to make the experience more bearable.
“While sat-navs are usually an excellent tool to save you time on the road, when it comes to getting to the Glastonbury Festival it’s far better to follow the official directional signs to get to the right car park. You don’t want to end up at the wrong entrance and then struggle to reach the other side of the site – this creates more delays for everyone and is a sure-fire way of arriving at anything but the ‘Speed of Sound’.”
RAC patrols will be on-hand throughout the festival to help with issues faced by every type of vehicle, including mud-induced breakdowns, flat batteries due to lights left on or doors left open, lost keys and lock-outs.
RAC Western patrol team manager Gary Hesketh said: “Getting locked out of your vehicle at the best of times is the furthest thing from ‘Paradise’, let alone when you’re feeling slightly ‘Bedshaped’ after five nights of camping. However, drivers can make life easier for themselves by doing proper vehicle checks to ensure their cars don’t overheat enroute and securing their vehicle properly after arriving on site.
“You can reduce the chances of a breakdown before you even start your trip by making sure your car is ready for the hot weather. Check your oil and coolant levels are at the right level and make sure your tyres are free of damage, have plenty of tread and are inflated to the right pressures. It’s also important to carry plenty of water and extra food if you know you’ll be on the road for longer than usual.
“When arriving at Worthy Farm, our advice is to remember where you’ve parked by noting your route colour and car park number, secure your vehicle by ensuring all doors are closed and locked and make sure there are no lights left on inside – otherwise a flat battery could greet you on Monday morning.
“Those prone to losing their keys should consider making use of one of the free-of-charge property lock-ups available around the festival site. If you do have a spare key, take it with you and lock it in the car, because then our patrols or locksmith partners can still gain access and ‘Fix You’.
“If you’re the one driving home, make sure you get plenty of rest before setting off and limit your drinking on the Sunday so you’re safe for the trip home on Monday. Driving tired is also extremely dangerous, so make sure you stop and rest up if you feel drowsy at any point.”
Real-time traffic information for England’s motorways and major A roads is available from Traffic England's website Information is also available via local radio updates and also on Twitter at @HighwaysSWEST.
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.