It’ll mark her first performance at the Worthy Farm festival in nearly 10 years
Lulu is reportedly set to be announced as performing her very last show at this year’s edition of Glastonbury.
The rumours of an upcoming announcement arrive following the 75-year-old singer confirming that her current ‘Champagne For Lulu’ tour will be her last, earlier this year.
Originally, the run of farewell shows were set to draw to a close with a final show at The London Palladium later this month (April 17), however, sources close to the singer have now come forward with claims that she may be rounding off her touring days with a slot at Worthy Farm this summer.
The Sun reported quotes from an anonymous source today (April 10) in its Bizarre column (via Music News). “Lulu is going to be announced as a performer at Glastonbury next week,” they said. “It’s a massive deal for her and she can’t wait to play the Avalon stage.”
They continued: “When Glasto organiser Emily Eavis got in touch about going down to the farm she couldn’t turn it down… It will be an emotional moment for her as it’s the last time she will ever play Glastonbury.
“It was magical for her when she last played on that same stage in 2015.”
Lulu attends The Sound of 007 in concert at The Royal Albert Hall on October 04, 2022 in London, England. (Photo by Kate Green/Getty Images for EON Productions & Prime Video)
The rumours of a Glasto set come following the ‘Shout’ hitmaker previously revealing that playing at Glastonbury was something she deemed as a highlight of her career.
Speaking about the moment in a past interview (via Music News), the singer said: “The roar from the crowd was deafening. I was very surprised, as I didn’t really know what to expect. It was just fantastic and I had so much fun.
“My daughter-in-law Alana took the best picture afterwards of my son Jordan and I laughing backstage. And she made me a mug as a present for my birthday with the photo on it.
“On the back it says, ‘My mother just rocked Glasto’. I drink out of that mug every day now. I love it.”
Lulu’s farewell shows are set to continue tonight with a gig at Bridgewater Hall in Manchester. That will be followed by a slot at Symphony Hall in Birmingham on the 15th, before the final show in London two days later.
You can find remaining tickets here.
The crowd gathers to watch Elton John perform on the main Pyramid Stage on Day 5 of the Glastonbury Festival 2023. CREDIT: Anna Barclay/Getty Images
In a discussion with Gyles Brandreth on his Rosebud podcast back in February, the singer explained that she was ready to end her touring days as she started to find the schedules “gruelling”.
“I turned 75, and I thought, ‘You know what, I want to carry on working, but I want to do it a different way’… I’ve learned. And I’ve also become a slightly different person. I’m not afraid to be vulnerable,” she explained.
While nothing about Lulu’s rumoured slot at the festival has been officially confirmed at time of writing, the official 2024 line-up for Glastonbury has been shared – with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA set to headline the iconic Pyramid Stage this summer, while Shania Twain will perform in the legends slot on the Sunday. You can check out the rest of the bill here.
Earlier this week, it was reported that this year’s edition has seen the “highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever”, meaning there will be “very limited” tickets available in the re-sale.
You can find out more information about Glastonbury 2024 and the re-sale here, and look back at NME‘s highlights from Glasto 2023 here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.