Chris Martin and co's debut EP was released on this day (April 26) in 1999 
Coldplay have announced a 25th anniversary vinyl edition of ‘Brothers & Sisters’ – you can find all the details below.
The Chris Martin-fronted band released the two-song EP as a seven-inch vinyl on this day (April 26) in 1999 via Fierce Panda. It contained their debut single ‘Brothers & Sisters’, with the track ‘Easy To Please’ featured as the B-side.
A CD edition of the EP also contained a third cut, ‘Only Superstition’.
Now, it has been confirmed that all three songs will be available on a special gatefold double BioVinyl seven-inch record. A bonus fourth track on the EP is a new spoken word addition, ‘The Story Of Brothers & Sisters’.
This latter cut is an excerpt lifted from the audiobook of Pandamonium! How Not To Run A Record Label by Fierce Panda founder Simon Williams.
Coldplay ‘Brothers & Sisters’ 25th anniversary vinyl. CREDIT: Press
Coldplay ‘Brothers & Sisters’ 25th anniversary vinyl. CREDIT: Press
Coldplay ‘Brothers & Sisters’ 25th anniversary vinyl. CREDIT: Press
A press release reads: “In ‘Knee-Trembler’ (Chapter 17, pages 159-168) he describes in raffishly intimate detail the hows, whys and wherefores of Coldplay’s early days shaking the timbers of the Camden Falcon, the Kentish Town Bull & Gate and Station Studios in Southgate, as well as being championed by Radio 1’s Evening Session and getting their first reviews in the NME newspaper on their way to ‘Brothers & Sisters’, their debut release.”
The 25th anniversary reissue of ‘Brothers & Sisters’ is due to arrive on November 15 via Fierce Panda. Pre-order here, and check out the preview images above.
The three songs featured as part of the original ‘Brothers & Sisters’ release cost Coldplay £450 to record. Its title track subsequently landed at Number 92 on the UK singles chart. Martin and and co. followed it up in March 2000 with ‘Shiver’, which appears on their classic debut album ‘Parachutes’.
Coldplay are set to become the first act to headline Glastonbury for the fifth time this June. They’ll top the iconic Pyramid Stage alongside SZA and Dua Lipa.
The band previously said that they’d stop making music in 2025. In January, they revealed that their new album ‘Moon Music’ was almost finished. Coldplay’s ninth and most recent LP, ‘Music Of The Spheres’, came out in 2021.
Speaking to NME that year, Martin talked about how “intense” it could be to keep releasing new material.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.