By Patrick Hipes 
Executive Managing Editor

Deadline may receive commission from some products and services linked in this post.

	The 66th Grammy Awards will take place on Sunday, February 4 beginning at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles. The ceremony, hosted by Trevor Noah for a fourth consecutive year, will air live on CBS and stream live and on-demand on Paramount+.

	The main Grammy ceremony will also be available to stream live on Paramount+ with Showtime, and on-demand the next day for Paramount+ Essential subscribers.

	A livestream is also available on CBS through DirecTV Stream, which offers a five-day free trial.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	The pre-show Premiere Ceremony, where the majority of the day’s Grammys will be awarded, kicks off at 3:30 p.m. ET/12:30 p.m. PT Sunday and will stream live on live.Grammy.com and the Recording Academy’s YouTube channel. Songwriter-producer Justin Tranter will host.

	Other elements of Sunday’s show — performances, acceptance speeches, backstage moments, a red carpet special and the full Premiere Ceremony livestream — will also be available at live.Grammy.com.

	You can watch the Premiere Ceremony here:

	Always the best part of the broadcast, this year’s list of performers includes SZA, Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Billy Joel, Burna Boy, Luke Combs and Travis Scott. Joni Mitchell is also set to make her Grammy-show performing debut, and U2 will pipe in to play live from Sphere in Las Vegas.

	Organizer the Recording Academy said this year’s awards presenters to hit the stage during the main show include Christina Aguilera, Samara Joy, Lenny Kravitz, Maluma, Lionel Richie, Mark Ronson, Meryl Streep, Taylor Tomlinson and Oprah Winfrey.

SZA comes in with a leading nine Grammy Award nominations including for Record, Album and Song of the Year for “Kill Bill” and SOS. Phoebe Bridgers, Serban Ghenea and Victoria Monét have seven noms apiece, while Jack Antonoff, Jon Batiste, boygenius, Brandy Clark, Miley Cyrus, Eilish, Rodrigo and Taylor Swift have six apiece.

RELATED: Grammy Album Of The Year Winners Through The Years

	Swift, who dominated 2023 with her Eras Tour concerts and movie, along with her new album Midnights, is nominated for Album of the Year (Midnights) and Song of the Year (“Anti-Hero”) and Record of the Year, one of six to land noms in each of the three marquee categories along with SZA, Batiste, Cyrus and Rodrigo.

	










	With a win in the Album category, Swift would become the first person to win that trophy four times (she currently is tied with three wins with a group that includes Frank Sinatra, Stevie Wonder and Paul Simon).

	Speaking of Eilish, also heavily in the mix Sunday will be the music from Barbie, 2023’s highest-grossing movie which just scored eight Oscar nominations including for Best Picture and has 11 Grammy noms. Eilish’s “What Was I Made For” from the soundtrack is up for Record of the Year and Song of the Year, with Lipa’s “Dance the Night” joining in the latter category. The movie also landed noms for Mark Ronson and Andrew Wyatt’s score, Nicki Minaj and Ice Spice’s “Barbie World” for Best Rap Song, and for Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media.

RELATED: How ‘Barbie’ Song “I’m Just Ken” Went From Tragic To Triumphant – Sound & Screen

	Also to watch is the always buzzy Best New Artist category, which this year features Monét, Ice Spice, Gracie Abrams, Fred again.., Jelly Roll, Coco Jones, Noah Kahan and The War and Treaty. Samara Joy won the Grammy last year, and Rodrigo the year before that.

RELATED: Grammy Best New Artist Winners Through The Years

	The annual pre-show awards ceremony gets underway this year with a performance by  J. Ivy, Larkin Poe, Pentatonix, Sheila E. and Jordin Sparks. Other artists scheduled to perform: Adam Blackstone, Brandy Clark, Kirk Franklin, Robert Glasper, Bob James, Laufey, Terrace Martin, Gaby Moreno and David Aguilar, and Recording Academy boss and nominated artist-drummer Harvey Mason Sr.

	Presenters will include Patti Austin, Natalia Lafourcade, Carly Pearce, Molly Tuttle, Rufus Wainwright and Jimmy Jam.

	The ceremony is where the Grammys’ three newly minted awards will be handed out: for Best African Music Performance, Best Alternative Jazz Album and Best Pop Dance Recording.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.