Virgin Radio
4 Jun 2024, 14:53
Credit: Getty / glastonburyfestival.co.uk
Glastonbury season is officially here, and now we know who will be hitting the stage and when!
All eyes will be on Worthy Farm over the weekend of Wednesday 26th to Sunday 30th June, with some of the world’s biggest artists touching down in the famously muddy fields to perform.
The festival is a staple in the calendar for regular attendees and those who sit on the sofa at home and watch on the telly alike – so here is who is performing, on which day and at what time!
------------------------------------
Liam Gallagher reunites with Oasis star and reveals setlist on Definitely Maybe tour
Dolly Parton was surprised Beyoncé changed Jolene lyrics
Noel Gallagher's latest condition for saying 'yes' to an Oasis reunion
------------------------------------
Kicking things off in style as the first Pyramid Stage headliner on the Friday will be Dua Lipa, who will make her big Glasto return at 10pm. Fans will no doubt be clamouring to hear her classics as well as new tracks from her recently released third record, Radical Optimism. 
Starting the evening off at the Pyramid Stage will be Squeeze at 12pm, Olivia Dean at 1:15pm and K Pop band Seventeen at 2:45pm. Paul Heaton will then take over at 4:15pm before handing things over to PJ Harvey at 6pm. 
Setting up Dua for success on the Pyramid Stage will be LCD Soundsystem at 7:45pm. 
On the Other Stage on Friday, Idles will perform from 10:15pm, while Jungle will hit West Holts Stage at the same time. 
Woodsies will see the likes of Jamie XX headline at 10:30pm, with the likes of Declan McKenna at 7:30pm and The Vaccines at 4:30pm. 
If you’re going to have a final live performance, it might as well be at Glastonbury! Iconic singer Lulu will take to the Avalon Stage at 6:35pm, while Billy Bragg will headline over at the Left Field at 9pm. 
If a bit of house is up your street, Fatboy Slim will get the party going at 10pm over at the Arcadia Stage. 
Coldplay certainly has some amazing acts prior to their big Glastonbury Pyramid Stage set at 9:45pm. 
Cyndi Lauper will perform for the first time at Glasto at 2:30pm, while Keane will follow at 4pm. 
Electronic band Disclosure will headline the Other Stage at 10:30pm, with The Streets performing at 8:30pm in the lead-up, and The Last Dinner Party at 3:45pm. 
Jessie Ware will keep the West Holts Stage going at 10:15pm, while Gossip continue their comeback train at the Woodsies stage at 10:30pm. 
Here’s where it gets more interesting, as currently there is a TBA slot at 6pm at Woodsies - but who could this be? Famously, Glastonbury organisers keep some acts under wraps until 10 minutes before they are set to perform. 
It’ll be a star-studded affair over at the Acoustic Stage, with Russell Crowe’s Indoor Garden Party performing at 6:30pm before Ocean Colour Scene headline at 9:30pm. 
Fatboy Slim will then pull double-duty over on the Glade Stage, this time as a headliner at 1am. 
R&B singer and Grammy Award-winning artist SZA will close things out on the Pyramid Stage at 9:30pm on Sunday, while Shania Twain will make her big Legends Slot appearance at 3:45pm. 
The likes of Seasick Steve will be on hand from 12:30pm, with Paloma Faith next from 1:45pm. 
Over on the Other Stage, The Zutons get the morning into gear at 11:15am, while James follows at 3pm. Pop Punk icon Avril Lavigne will celebrate two decades of music with her 6pm set, followed by Two Door Cinema Club at 7:45pm and headliners The National at 9:45pm. 
80s icon Toyah Wilcox and husband Robert Fripp (or Toyah and Robert) will return to Glastonbury at the Avalon Stage at 1:55pm, with The Feeling headlining at 10:50pm.
Glastonbury 2024 will be available to stream on BBC iPlayer.
Advertisement
Chris Packham has opened up about how the Springwatch team are preparing to celebrate the show’s...
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit