Table of Contents
It’s Valentine’s week, movie fans! So, what new movies can we look forward to? From a new Marvel flick to a new J-Lo movie, there are nine new films debuting this week!
First up, we have the latest from Marvel with Madame Web. The film, which stars Dakota Johnson, Sydney Sweeney, Isabela Merced, and Celeste O’Connor, follows the story of an NYC paramedic who starts to show signs of being clairvoyant. Also in the mix is a new bio-pic, Bob Marley: One Love, which stars Kingsley Ben-Adir as the legendary reggae singer/songwriter who changed music forever.
Plus, Jennifer Lopez brings us a look at her quest for love in This is Me…Now. And, lastly, we have the rom-com Players starring Gina Rodriguez, who plays a sports reporter who plays the field until the tables are turned on her.
Get the full list below of all the new movies coming out this week in theaters and streaming!
Rating: PG-13
Release Date: In theatres nationwide on Wednesday, February 14, 2024.
Summary: In Madame Web, Cassandra Webb (Dakota Johnson) is a NYC paramedic who develops clairvoyant powers and repeatedly crosses paths with three young women (Sydney Sweeney, Isabela Merced, and Celeste O’Connor). Cassandra realizes these women must be protected at all costs because they are destined to become super-heroes.
What to Watch For: Adam Scott, Emma Roberts, Tahar Rahim, Jill Hennessy, and Mike Epps fill the cast out.   
Word on the Street: The studio describes the film as a ‘standalone’ psychological thriller, so don’t expect Spider-Man to appear.
My Take: Dakota Johnson has become a favorite actor of mine, so I will surely see this one.
Rating: PG-13
Release Date: In theatres on Wednesday, February 14, 2024.
Summary: Bob Marley: One Love is the story of how reggae icon Bob Marley (Kingsley Ben-Adir) overcame adversity and an assassination attempt to become a beacon for peace in his country and the world. 
What to Watch For: The Marley family produced the film, including Bob’s son Ziggy, who personally approved the casting of Kingsley Ben-Adir. Brad Pitt is the film’s executive producer.
Word on the Street: The film was shot on location in Kingston, Jamaica.
My Take: The film shows Marley and his band recording one of the greatest albums of all time, the groundbreaking Exodus.
Rating: N/A
Release Date: Premiering on Amazon Prime on Friday, February 16, 2024. 
Summary: This is Me…Now is a narrative about Jennifer Lopez’s life. Her quest to find love through Jennifer’s eyes is steeped in mythological storytelling and breathtaking choreography told with music from her first studio album in a decade. 
What to Watch For: The film features a cast that includes Ben Affleck, Sofía Vergara, Keke Palmer, Post Malone, Trevor Noah, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Trevor Jackson, Fat Joe, Kim Petras, and Derek Hough.
Word on the Street: Lopez co-wrote the script with award-winning screenwriter Matt Walton.
My Take: Dave Meyers, who has directed music videos for Usher, Drake, SZA, Megan Thee Stallion, Ed Sheeran, and Coldplay directs the film.
Rating: N/A
Release Date: Premieres on National Geographic on Monday, February 12, 2024, then streaming on Hulu and Disney+ on Tuesday, February 13, 2024.
Summary: The Space Race is a documentary about the experiences of the first Black astronauts, telling the story of breaking barriers and the burden that they carried.
What to Watch For: The film was awarded the Audience Choice Award for Best Documentary Feature at the 2023 Chicago International Film Festival.
Word on the Street: The film is co-directed by Lisa Cortes, who directed the 2023 award-winning documentary Little Richard: I Am Everything.
My Take: I love documentaries on space exportation and will love learning about these brave trailblazers. 
Rating: N/A
Release Date: Premieres on Netflix on Wednesday, February 14, 2024. 
Summary: Players is about New York sportswriter Mack (Gina Rodriguez), who has spent years developing special and successful hook-up ‘plays’ with her best friend Adam (Damon Wayans Jr.) and their crew. Mack sets her sights on the Big Apple’s most eligible bachelor, war correspondent Nick (Tom Ellis). Mack may have to rethink the ‘game’ entirely when she begins to fall for Nick.
What to Watch For: Director of the film, Trish Sie, has been nominated for three Grammy Awards for her music videos, winning in 2007 for OK Go’s ‘Here It Goes Again’ video.
Word on the Street: Gina Rodriquez is, of course,  best known for her breakout role as Jane Villanueva in the TV series Jane the Virgin.
My Take: I love the tagline for the film, ‘Love is a team sport.’
Rating: R
Release Date: In theatres on Friday, February 16, 2024.
Summary: In Land of Bad, an Army special forces unit is on a mission in the Philippines to retrieve a captured CIA agent when things go from bad to worse. Now, a rookie officer, Kinney (Liam Hemsworth), is out in the jungle on his own, and his only chance to get back home is a drone pilot named Reaper (Russell Crowe).
What to Watch For: The cast includes Milo Ventimiglia, Ricky Whittle, Luke Hemsworth, Lincoln Lewis, and Gunner Wright.
Word on the Street: The film is directed by William Eubank. He also directed the 2020 sci-fi horror film Underwater, which starred Kristen Stewart.
My Take: Luke Hemsworth, Liam’s brother, is one of the film’s producers.
Rating: N/A
Release Date: In theatres on Friday, February 16, 2024.
Summary: In Bleeding Love a father (Ewan McGregor) takes his estranged and troubled daughter (Clara McGregor) on a road trip to rewrite the sins and mistakes of the past.
What to Watch For: Clara McGregor, who was recently in the American Horror Story series, is Ewan’s daughter.
Word on the Street:  Clara’s production company, Deux Dames Entertainment, produced the film.
My Take: The film made its premiere at the SXSW Film Festival.
Rating: PG-13
Release Date: In theatres on Friday, February 16, 2024.
Summary: God & Country is a documentary that examines the history of Christian nationalism and its rise in the political landscape.
What to Watch For: The film interviews prominent experts in the evangelical community, including Phil Vischer, the creator of VeggieTales, theologian Russel Moore, and author Kristin Kobes Du Mez. 
Word on the Street: The film is produced by Rob Reiner.
My Take: Two-time Emmy award winner Dan Partland directed the film.
Rating: N/A
Release Date: Premieres on Apple TV+ on Friday, February 16, 2023.
Summary: In Snoopy Presents: Welcome Home, Franklin,  Franklin has moved to a new town and is having trouble making friends. All that changes when Franklin and Charlie Brown join forces to win the upcoming soapbox derby race. An award and free pizza for a year will surely help to make friends.
What to Watch For: This is an origin story for Franklin, one of the most popular characters created by Charles Shultz for his Peanuts comic strip and animated films.
Word on the Street: The film is directed by Emmy award-winner Raymond S. Persi.
My Take: This is the first Peanuts feature film since 2015. 
Below, let us know what new movies you plan to see this week!