January 4, 2024
Rewind Networks has announced today that The 66th Annual GRAMMY Awards presented by The Recording Academy will air on February 5th on HITS NOW.
The GRAMMYs honours outstanding achievements in the music industry from 1 October 2022 to 15 September 2023. The Awards will be aired on HITS NOW in Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Maldives and Sri Lanka.

The 66th Annual GRAMMY Awards will celebrate many big milestones and is in particular a great year for female artists. Of the nine most-nominated artists, eight are women. SZA boasts the most nominations, with nine under her belt. The Barbie soundtrack also dominates with 11 GRAMMY nominations. Both iconic tracks from the film, “Dance the Night” and “What Was I Made For?”, are nominated for Song Of The Year. On the watchlist this year is also Taylor Swift, who has yet again been nominated for Album Of The Year. If she takes home the prize, she will make history as the artist with the most wins in the category ever. The 66th Annual GRAMMY Awards® is distributed internationally by Paramount Global Content Distribution.
Trevor Noah returns to host in his fourth consecutive year as master of ceremonies for the event. He will also serve as a producer on the show, alongside executive producers Ben Winston, Raj Kapoor and Jesse Collins.

“We are thrilled to bring The 66th Annual GRAMMY Awards in 2024 to audiences across Asia,” said Sandie Lee, Executive Vice President of Rewind Networks. “The GRAMMYs are one-of-a-kind, and demonstrates our commitment to bringing the best content to audiences across Asia. We look forward to celebrating great music and spectacular entertainment with our HITS NOW viewers across Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, the Philippines, Maldives and Sri Lanka.”
HITS NOW, the newest member in Rewind Networks’ ongoing growth to redefine entertainment in the Asian market, has captivated audiences as a curated destination for popular and top-rated reality, variety, drama, game and talk shows from the US. Together with its sister channels, HITS and HITS MOVIES, the three channels deliver quality curated content to over 13 countries and 24 million households across Asia.
Other posts by :
 Categories: Press Releases
Tags: grammy, hits now
Creative Media CentreHastingsEast SussexTN34 1HLTel: +44 7900 196870
Copyright © 2001-2025. Advanced Television Ltd.