Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
It was Raye's night at the BRIT Awards as the emotional My 21st Century Blues star received a record tally of wins.
The singer-songwriter picked up a whopping six awards at the annual music event at The O2 Arena in London on Saturday night and was in tears as she took to the stage to collect her final award of the evening. She told the audience: "You just don't understand what this means to me."
Among her record-breaking wins were Artist of the Year and Album Of The Year for My 21st Century Blues. The star, who had already made history by being nominated in seven categories, thanked her producer Mike Sabath and her grandmother Agatha Dawson-Amoah, who accompanied her onto stage and who Raye said had been up until 3am "praying for her".
As Raye, who turned independent in 2021 and whose track Escapism went viral on TikTok last year, is enjoying the spotlight, a resurfaced tweet from May 2020 saw the now-26-year-old share her hopes of one day winning a Brit. She had written: "Since I was 14 years old, I have dreamed of winning a Brit award. I'm praying one day i get lucky enough and I can quote tweet this tweet with a picture of this moment. @BRITs."
The  BRIT Awards ceremony was a big night for other artists ranging from Jungle who won their first BRIT for Group of the Year to Miley Cyrus who won best International Song for Flowers. And the night's performers rocked too with Kylie Minogue, Dua Lipa - both of them also winners - and Tate McRae among those performing live.
Songwriter of the Year - Raye (announced ahead of the ceremony)
 Songof the Year - Escapism, Raye featuring 070 Shake
Group of the Year - Jungle
Best R&B Act - Raye 
Best New Artist - Raye
Artist of the Year - Raye
Album of the Year - Raye, My 21st Century 
Global Icon - Kylie Minogue (announced ahead of the ceremony)
Best Alternative/Rock Act - Bring Me The Horizon 
Best Dance Act - Calvin Harris
Best Hip Hop/Grime/Rap - Casidead
Best Pop Act - Dua Lipa
International Group of the Year - Boygenius
International Artist of the Year - SZA
International Song of the Year: Miley Cyrus - Flowers
Producers of the Year - Chase & Status
Rising Star - The Last Dinner Party
ChronicleLive is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our communities.
We have a number of communities to join, so you can choose which one you want to be part of and we'll send you the latest news direct to your phone. You could even join them all!
To join you need to have WhatsApp on your device. All you need to do is choose which community you want to join, click on the link and press 'join community'.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the ChronicleLive team.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don't like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our privacy notice.
Join the ChronicleLive Breaking News and Top Stories community
Join our Court & Crime community
Join the Things to do in Newcastle and the North East community
Join our Northumberland community
Join our County Durham community
Join our Sunderland community
Join our NUFC community 
Join our SAFC community
Join our Great North Run community