Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
What if Taylor Swift had not won a Grammy for Best Pop Vocal last night at the Grammys? How would she have announced her new album?
It’s all a little suspicious, isn’t it?
When Taylor hit the stage to pick up her 13th Grammy Award, she coyly let the news drop that “The Tortured Poets Department” was coming on April 19th.
At that moment all of her social media changed to feature the album cover and start pushing merchandise. It was as coordinated as a military takeover.
As in keeping with all Swift albums, there’s already a bonus track called “The Manuscript.” All the art direction is done and running today. There’s also a $35 version of the album that comes with a book full of arty photos.
So ask yourself: what if SZA had won last night? Or Miley Cyrus? What would Taylor’s people have done with all that pre-planned, ready to go marketing?
I was told several times over the last couple of weeks that Swift wouldn’t even commit to even attending the Grammys, let alone perform, if she wasn’t guaranteed a major win in advance. Even more oddly, all the main executives connected to her were seen exiting the main floor area of the Crypto Center before Album of the Year was announced. Did they know something we didn’t? 
The timing of all of this is certainly worthy of a conspiracy theory. Taylor Swift is the best organized business since Apple. No stone is left unturned, ever. All of it is highly calculated and immaculately presented. This isn’t happening as a fluke, or by chance. I’ll bet the Harvard Business School will be offering courses soon in the marketing of this unique pop icon.
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com