Smooth




                
                    The Smooth Sanctuary with Paul Phear
                
                

7pm - 10pm


Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You

                        

    
    Glenn Medeiros
    

                    

Download 'Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You' on iTunes



                        
                            News
                            



20 May 2024, 10:14

        
            By Tom Eames
        
    
Country superstar Morgan Wallen is returning to London this summer!
American Express presents BST Hyde Park has announced their final headliner for 2024.
Country sensation Morgan Wallen will perform on Thursday 4 July, with the full support line-up to be announced later.
Tickets for American Express Presents BST Hyde Park Morgan Wallen are on sale now from here.
Morgan has also announced the brilliant special guests for the show: Ernest, Riley Green and Ella Langley.
Morgan Wallen said: “Last fall was my first time in the UK and man, I loved it. I saw so much while I was there, and the people were incredible.
"To play where legendary artists like Pink Floyd and The Rolling Stones have played is a huge honour for me and my band, and we can’t wait to be back.”
Morgan Wallen has risen the ranks to be one of country music's most successful stars, with 2.4 million fans grabbing tickets for his world tour.
His track 'Last Night' started a new trend of country songs topping the main US Billboard Hot 100 chart, and it even broke through to the UK chart last year.
His third studio album, One Thing At A Time, was top of the all-genre Billboard 200 chart for 18 non-consecutive weeks, tying Garth Brooks’ Ropin’ the Wind with the most weeks at the top for a country album, and was the most-streamed album of the year on Spotify.
He has over 28 billion on-demand streams, and his hits including ‘Whiskey Glasses’, ‘You Proof’, and ‘7 Summers’, have been ever-present on the radio and playlists.
The lineup for American Express presents BST Hyde Park 2024 sees Morgan Wallen join the previously announced headliners SZA (29 June), Kings of Leon (30 June), Andrea Bocelli (5 July), Robbie Williams (6 July), Shania Twain (7 July), Stevie Nicks (12 July), Kylie Minogue (13 July) and Stray Kids (14 July).
See more Latest Country Music News
See more Latest on Smooth
George Michael
Music
Music
Ed Sheeran