By ALICE WADE 
 Published:  16:01, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  23:07, 17 July 2024   
 18
View  comments
As thousands evacuate what, for this weekend, has been the most densely populated place in the world, it's likely that there will be many sore heads and wobbly legs.
Many Glastonbury goers made their exit from Worthy farm today after the the five day festival which saw Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline.
While most think of the annual Worthy farm festival as a week of debauchery and  hedonism, some Glastonbury goers are changing their ways, opting instead to spend their mornings jogging or doing jumping jacks with Joe Wicks.
This year, those viewing the festival happening from home, were shocked and horrified to see that the fitness instructor, Joe Wicks, was putting on morning fitness classes.
The class, which consisted of jumping jacks, burpees, squats and lunges, drew in a crowd of around a 1000 on Friday morning. 
TikToker, Harriet, shared a video on the social media app of her running at the festival - admitting that she had taken jogging around the arena every single day 
Footage of the Ravers2Runners event was shared online by Glastonbury Police leading those taking part in the 5km race being told they should 'have their tickets confiscated' for defying the traditional festival hangover
Hours before Dua Lipa was due to give her headliner performance, the TV instructor boarded the Pyramid stage in a bright orange vest top and shorts to lead an endorphin inducing PE class at 10am.
And it's not just HIIT workouts - viewers were left gob smacked after it festival goers revealed that a number of people had not only packed their trollies with warm beers and blow up mattresses, but had brought their running shoes too. 
One TikToker, who uses the name @susannahbo, took to social media to express her dismay at seeing three people running on the first morning at Worthy farm.
She said: 'I've seen four people out already on runs.... At Glastonbury … Crikey!'
Another TikToker, using the name @harrietfit, shared a video on the social media app of her running at the festival - admitting that she had taken jogging around the arena every single day.
Many were horrified to learn of the influx of fitness addicts attending the festival with one writing: 'That is alarming, can they not have a day off.'
A second wrote: 'They lowkey want to exhibit how amazing they are... Just ignore and keep rocking on.'  
Commenting on Joe Wicks' popular morning workout class, one clearly furious festival lover said: 'Seeing a bunch of middle class mums doing exercises with Joe Wicks at a music festival tells me all I need to know. Thank god I grew up going to raves in the 90s.'
Joe Wicks fitness class brought in around a thousand people. The HIIT style workout commenced at 10am on Friday
Hundreds of revellers at this year's Glastonbury festival have been mocked for spending a morning at the hedonistic event going on an organised morning run
Viewers at home were baffled by the arrival of runners at fitness classes at the hedonistic festival
The move towards a fitness flavoured fest, is likely a reflection of the growing number of people becoming interested in running, with a growing trend of young people signing up for marathons.
On TikTok, there are 215.5M posts related to running. Last year,  the Hackney Half Marathon had more participants than ever in 2023 and in 2024, was sold out.
One running brand Hoka, continues to have record breaking revenue year on year globally, and Google Trends shows that the term ‘run club’ has been rising growing in searches in the UK over the last five years.
This year marked the second organised jog at Glastonbury, which raises money for Greenpeace. 
The Ravers2Runners Glastonbury Festival Run, is an annual practice that takes joggers on a unique trail around a loop of the festival site. Last year's run took some 200 festival goers on a Thursday morning jog. 
This year, with hundreds joining in on the Worthy farm trot, enthused joggers were told they should 'have their tickets confiscated' for defying the traditional festival hangover.
Popularity has increased among ticketholders with an even bigger crowd taking to the field this time round. 
As footage of the race was shared online by Glastonbury Police, one X user commented: 'These are the type of people who don’t book the Monday off work, should have their tickets confiscated.' 
Departures from the traditional festival experience have raised eyebrows from many  dubious partiers. 
Another remarked: 'Glasto has changed a bit since I was there.'
Since launching in 2019, Ravers2Runners has got its 'pre-rave fun runs for worthy causes' into many of the UK's most popular festivals - including Latitude and Boomtown. 
The charity fundraising runs are cleverly called  #fundraving but the company. For those keen to swap hangover with ham stretches, the next organised festival run will be at Love Trails in Swansea. 
Hours before Dua Lipa was due to give her headliner performance, the TV instructor boarded the Pyramid stage in a bright orange vest top and shorts
Around 450 runners, more than double the previous year, turned up to take party in the organised 5k run 
The aim of the orgnisation is not only to raise money for charity but also to emphasise the importance of physical and mental health within the context of music and festivals.​
Ravers2Runners describes itself as 'a group of runners who are also passionate about music, community, parties and raving' but find running to be a surprisingly less exhausting way of getting the dopamine hits that they might have been getting from big nights out in the past.
Their Worthy Farm 'fundraver' was attended by around 450 runners, over double the amount who attended last year. 
Founder Jo Bryan-Smith told ITV after Thursday's run: 'It's important for party people to look after themselves, it's important to look after your wellbeing and your health but also partying is important too.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group