The Golden Globes kicked off 2024's awards season.
Source: Christopher Polk/Golden Globes 2024 / Getty
The 2024 Hollywood awards season has kicked off with a bang, with Tinsel Town hosting the 81st Golden Globes ceremony last night, Sunday, January 7, according to Entertainment Tonight. Actress Jennifer Lawrence clenched the award for Best Actress in a Musical or Comedy over Fantasia Barrino, who was nominated for her starring role as Celie in “The Color Purple.” Actor Jeffrey Wright, who was nominated for Best Actor in a Musical or Comedy for starring as the lead in “American Fiction,” lost to Paul Giamatti in “The Holdovers.” But don’t despair; time isn’t up for your favorite stars to reap award-season gold. The red carpet run is just beginning. 
Primetime Emmy Awards
Source: Robert Gauthier / Getty
The Emmys will be aired live from the Peacock Theater in LA on January 15. The show will premiere on Fox at 8 EST. Quinta Brunson’s “Abbott Elementary” is nominated for the second time for Outstanding Comedy Series, and Brunson herself received a nod for Lead Actress in a Comedy Series.
Grammy Awards
Source: Christopher Polk / Getty
 


					Related Stories
				





T.I. & Tiny Harris’ OMG Girlz $53M Punitive Damages Payout Reinstated






 

Artists You Would Be Surprised Never Won A Grammy






2025 Golden Globe Award Moments We’re Still Talking About…






The 66th Grammy Awards ceremony will occur in Los Angeles on February 8. Singer Sza is up for nine nods (the most nominated artist of the night), and breakout star Victoria Monet is up for 7. Trevor Noah will host the festivities and will stream live on CBS and Paramount+.
Academy Awards
Source: Jeff Kravitz / Getty
The Oscars will be held March 10 at Dolby Theatre in Hollywood. Comedian Jimmy Kimmel will host for the fourth time. While Oscar nods aren’t officially revealed until January 23, movies like “American Fiction,” “The Color Purple,” and Ava Duvernay’s “Origin” have already gotten some buzz.
NAACP Image Awards
Source: Aaron J. Thornton / Getty
The 55th NAACP Image Awards will air on March 16 on BET and CBS. Nominees will be announced on January 25. The ceremony added eight new categories to the ballot this year, including Best Original Score for TV and Film, according to Billboard.
DON’T MISS…
Red Carpet Rundown: Top Celebrity Looks From The 81st Golden Globes


Take A Look At The 2024 Awards Season Schedule Line-Up 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									The 30 Hottest Black Men In Hollywood								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.