Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
A star singer has shut down rumours that she's playing Glastonbury Festival this year, explaining that playing live is "super expensive". Nadine Shah, an acclaimed artist with the genres of jazz, rock, folk, and post-punk under her belt, said she declined the invitation to play the festival as her performance would not be televised.
 Writing on X, she said: "The rumours are untrue. I am NOT playing @glastonbury i would have liked to but I wasn’t offered a televised stage so I declined. It’s too expensive a hit for me to take otherwise".
Shah, whose latest album Filthy Underneath received "universal acclaim", continued: "It’s just a reality that playing live is super expensive and if you can justify the costs (like being on telly and having a wider reach) then sometimes you take the hit. Otherwise no, we’ve all bills to pay."
READ MORE: Somerset teenage DJ sensation with Ibiza residency taking over the world one dancefloor at a time
READ MORE: Ultimate Slip ‘N’ Slide is now open in Somerset in time for the summer
Glastonbury Festival has a dizzying line-up this year, with Dua Lipa, Coldplay, Keane, SZA, Cyndi Lauper, Shania Twain, Janelle Monae, Avril Lavigne, The Zutons, The National, Sugababes, and Dexys Midnight Runners all performing, among many, many more. Much of the festival will be televised by the BBC, who are launching a new Glastonbury II channel.
Emily Eavis, daughter of Glastonbury Festival founder Michael Eavis, said: "We’re incredibly proud of our ongoing partnership with the BBC and always look forward to hearing about the exciting developments in their coverage each year. I’d like to thank Lorna Clarke, Alison Howe and their team for celebrating our festival so brilliantly and for sharing the special spirit of Glastonbury with an audience far beyond these fields.
"We’re so looking forward to welcoming them back to Worthy Farm in June.”
Glastonbury Festival is playing from Wednesday, June 26 to Sunday, June 30 this year. The BBC is planning six weeks of jam-packed coverage, with presenters including the X Factor's Dermot O'Leary and Nick Grimshaw, as well as Cerys Matthews and Jo Whiley.
Nadine Shah's latest album Filthy Underneath is out now.