Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
30 people were arrested at this year's Glastonbury Festival, with arrests falling from last year. The crime figures were released by Avon and Somerset Police after another high-profile event at Worthy Farm, which saw Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline.
The crime figures for Glastonbury Festival 2024, namely between Wednesday, June 26 until 10am on Monday, July 1, show that 121 offences were reported to the police.
Of the 121 offences reported to the police, these include: 
READ MORE - Glastonbury Festival 2024 highlights: Stunning headliners, cameos and record-breaking acts during epic festival
READ MORE - When will Glastonbury Festival be held in 2025 and how to get tickets
According to Avon and Somerset Police's data from Qlik, 30 people were arrested and taken into custody. 21 of the people arrested were on suspicion of at least one drug-related offence. Of the other nine, offences they were arrested on suspicion of offences including affray, assault-related offences, fraud and failure to comply with a Section 35 Order.
In comparison to 2023 figures, 134 occurrences and 36 arrests were made at the festival by Avon and Somerset Police. Avon and Somerset Police Superintendent Mark Runacres said: "We have reached the end of another Glastonbury Festival we're really pleased to report it's been a very safe event.
"Reported incidents to the police have been down again this year. We've been really well-received by the public and people who attended, using local neighbourhood officers from around the force who patrol towns and cities around Avon and Somerset (who) are here to keep people safe on the site today.
"It's been really important to work with our partners here and we are really appreciative of the efforts of security, stewards, other emergency services and all the volunteers who help to make the festival such a great event."