The legendary Glastonbury festival returns to Worthy Farm on June 26, with veterans Coldplay, and first-timers Dua Lipa and Sza set to headline the Pyramid Stage. With the highly-anticipated music event quickly approaching, festival goers should be prepared with all the right equipment for the four-day festival.
The key to any festival is having the perfect tent to sleep in, luckily we found this 2-3-person camping tent for £35.99. This camping tent includes a detachable external and internal tent: on the inside is a mosquito net and inner pockets for mobile phones, glasses, and keys. The outer tent sheet can be used as a sunshade, awning, or canopy.
The tent is made of high-quality 210D Oxford cloth and is said to have a windproof structure. The best part about this is the design which has a D-shaped door with dual zippers that can increase air circulation, the inner mesh door provides ventilation and keeps insects outside.
READ MORE Golden Retriever Experience shut down over animal welfare fears
READ MORE Somerset mum speaks out after being stalked for 13 years
It is also equipped with 2 vents that keep air flowing even when it’s raining and prevent condensation. The entire package includes 1 x sun shelter,1 x tent bag sewed with instruction, 1 x inner tent, 2 x poles, 2 x ropes, and 6 x stakes for more safety and stability.
With a 3.9 star rating from 164 shoppers, customers are said to like the value, weight, quality and space of the tent. One happy shopper said: "The tent took around 5 minutes to set up, very convenient if there is any bad weather . It is fine for 2 adults and 2 children. It comes in a compact carry case, very lightweight & super easy to get back into the bag."
Another added: "The tent is super lightweight and folds up really small and comes in a little carry case. It is nice and big when put up though. The tent poles are pretty long, not too difficult to put up by yourself, but 2 people would make it easier. This tent is great for the summer. If the ground is wet, I think that you would need a separate groundsheet though. Really good tent for festivals and things, would be easy to take with you on the train or similar."
However, a third reviewer warned: "This tent is perfect for one person with luggage or. 2 people with nothing else inside. Will not fit 3 people in at all." Alternatively, this Pro Action 6 Person 3 Room Tunnel Camping Tent has 4.5 stars at Argos. Now £77 down from £115, this tent has 3 rooms and 2 bedrooms with dividers. 2 people are recommended for assembly which would take 10 minutes.
Join Somerset Live’s WhatsApp community for top stories and breaking news sent directly to your phone
Somerset Live is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join our community.
Through the app, we’ll send the latest breaking news, top stories, exclusives and much more straight to your phone.
To join our community you need to already have WhatsApp. All you need to do is click this link and select ‘Join Community’.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Somerset Live team. 
We also treat community members to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out at any time you like.
To leave our community, click on the name at the top of your screen and choose ‘Exit group’.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
Click here to join our WhatsApp community.