Hi, what are you looking for?
By
Published
Staff Writer Cruz Glynka overviews London’s music festival offer and recommends six events worth checking out.
The weather is warming, and the sun is peering out of the clouds. That means the festival season is upon us, and plenty of choices are available in London. There is no need to worry about tents or travelling far because some amazing events are only an Oyster card away. With so many options, it can be hard to decide where to go, so here are our top destinations for the summer:
Providing some of the best of British music while celebrating 30 years of renowned Rinse FM, you can expect to hear some jungle, garage, drill and much more. The festival has hosted some of the biggest names in these genres over the last three decades, so you can certainly expect to be pleased. If this isn’t tempting enough, the festival will boost artists from across the pond, among them the legendary Madlib teamed with Freddie Gibbs (MadGibbs).
Date: Friday, 24 May 2024
Line-up includes: Lady Dynamite, AJ Tracey, Nines, Shy FX, Katy B, Unknown T, Freddie Gibbs and Madlib, Mala, Benga
Location: Brockwell Park, Brixton
See here for more information.
Bringing jazz, funk, soul and hip hop, Cross The Tracks will immerse you in amazing music with a diverse lineup that includes current icons, legends, and new artists we know you’ll love. This soothing festival with calming vibes will certainly let you truly appreciate the immense talent on show.
Date: Sunday, 26 May 2024
Line-up includes: Erykah Badu, Ene Vogue, Eve, Malib, Ama Lou, Thee Sacred Souls, Jalen Ngonda
Location: Brockwell Park, Brixton
See here for more information.
Bank holidays have been made better with City Splash and its colourful atmosphere reminiscent of the beloved Notting Hill Carnival. Celebrating the Caribbean and African culture in the UK and beyond, City Splash pays homage to the pioneering sounds that raised generations and shaped London. Expect to hear music that has left a stamp on the capital, ranging from dub and dancehall to British creations such as jungle and garage. In addition to the musical, prepare yourself for good food and lots of dancing among festival-goers.
Date: Monday, 27 May 2024
Line-up includes: Capleton, Beenie Man, Shenseea, Busy Signal, Queen Omega, General Levy and WSTRN
Location: Brockwell Park, Brixton
See here for more information.
50th year in and counting, Lambeth County Fair is back yet again. While not strictly a music festival, it certainly won’t fail to deliver some great music. On its two stages, you will hear an eclectic mix of genres performed by local and international artists. The county fair will also offer a host of activities related to its horticultural roots: anticipate everything from amazing flower competitions, farm animals, tasty food, and, believe it or not, horse jousting. Did we forget to mention it is free? There’s really no excuse for not taking part.
Date: Saturday, 8 and Sunday, 9 June 2024
Line-up includes: David Rodigan, Brixton Chamber Orchestra, Top Cats, LUCIANO, The Children of Zeus 
Location: Brockwell Park, Brixton
See here for more information.
BST Hyde Park provides music across numerous genres with something for all ages and tastes. Ranging from K-Pop sensation Stray Kids to British icon Robie Williams to Kings of Leon with support acts like The Vaccines, there will certainly be no shortage of talent. For those R&B fans, we recommend the SZA headline event, where she will be joined by Sampha, Snoh Alegra and more.
Date: Multiple dates in July
Line-up includes: SZA, Kings of Leon, Andrea Bocelli, Robbie Williams, Shania Twain, Kylie, Stray Kids
Location: Hyde Park, Westminster
See here for more information.
Another year, another London native festival in the beautiful Victoria Park. Last time the headline included Stormzy and now you have Loyal Carner to look forward to. All Points East is packed with beloved musicians such as Nas, Andre 3000, Katraynada, Flying Lotus and Thundercat. The festival provides a diversity of choices to fit your preferences, including the longstanding Field Day and events headlined by the likes of Mitski.
Date: Multiple dates in August
Line-up includes: Loyal Carner, Katraynada, Nas, Andre 3000, Flying Lotus, Thundercat, Mitski and LCD Soundsystem
Location: Victoria Park, Tower Hamlets
See here for more information.
Comment Editor Rayhan Hussain reflects on the Conservative Party’s heavy local election losses, questioning Reform’s long-term credibility and urging the centre-right to remain united...
On 15 April, King’s College London Student Union (KCLSU) launched its ‘Halls for All’ campaign, led by Welfare & Community Student Officer Haneen Farid,...
Following the fatal collision on March 18, a campaign to fully pedestrianise Strand Campus has attracted significant support from students at King’s College London,...
KCLSU President-Elect Baiyu Liu shouted “Allahu Akbar” and voiced support for Israel at a London University Conservatives event, in apparent contradiction of his campaign...
Staff writer Grace Holloway gives a quick preview of what to expect at this year’s Macadam Cup. If Varsity hasn’t worn you out, the...
Flipboard
Reddit
Pinterest
Whatsapp
Whatsapp
Email
Following the fatal collision on March 18, a campaign to fully pedestrianise Strand Campus has attracted significant support from students at King’s College London,...
Print Team Member Margo Sautelle takes a critical look at the hit Netflix series ‘Adolescence’, arguing for the need to condemn masculinity models normalising...
Staff Writer Isabella Zbucki reminisces on seeing Sabrina Carpenter live, sharing personal highlights and tracing the star’s journey to captivating thousands of fans. In...
Staff Writer Polly Symes reflects on her struggles to find a way into London’s most noticeable cinema, drawing attention to the dangers the BFI...
WordPress website Management & Hosting by ManagedWP