Well, it’s about that time to save up your holiday coins…because Dreamville Fest is officially on the way!
The 5th annual music festival, curated and headlined by J. Cole, is scheduled for April 5-6, 2025 at Raleigh’s Dorothea Dix Park. The lineup has yet to be revealed, but ticket presale starts on December 11 at 9 am on the festival’s website, www.dreamvillefest.com.
Remember, pre-sale tickets will be limited and at a discounted price. Regular tickets will be available after the presale period. Fans can sign up for e-blasts on the website or subscribe to text updates by texting DREAMVILLE to 68624.
 


J. Cole, Nicki Minaj and More Bring The Element of Surprise to Day 2 of 2024 Dreamville Fest


 
97 photos 


 


					Related Stories
				





Carmelo Anthony Debates If J. Cole Is A Top 10 MC Of All Time [Video]






Dreamville Festival 2025: The Final Recap






 

Dreamville Fest 2025 Day 2: A Day Of Celebration & Reflection






Since its inception in 2018, Dreamville Fest has attracted Hip-Hop and R&B fans from around the world. Last year’s festival, which saw performances by Nicki Minaj, 50 Cent, SZA, and others, set a new festival record with over 100,000 festivalgoers traveling from 20+ countries and all 50 states. Millions more also tuned in from home with a full live stream on Amazon Music.
 


SZA, 50 Cent and More Light Up Day 1 Of Dreamville Fest 2024


 
78 photos 


The news comes as J. Cole continues to take a phenomenal look back at his career, by way of his Inevitable audio series and the re-release of his classic mixtapes The Come Up and The Warm Up on DSPs.
Now with Dreamville Fest on the horizon, it appears that 2025 will be a big year for Fayetteville’s native son.
 Global superstar J. Cole and Dreamville, the internationally recognized entertainment brand and multi-platinum record label for which he cofounded, are proud to announce today that Dreamville Festival will officially return to Raleigh, North Carolina on Saturday, April 5, and Sunday, April 6, 2025.
The 2025 ticket presales will begin next month on Wednesday, December 11 at 9:00 a.m. EST offering two-day GA, GA+, and various VIP packages. These will be the least expensive tickets available to the general public with prices increasing as the event date approaches. If any presale tickets remain, a general ticket on-sale will follow.
After a historic fourth edition last spring, in which 100,000 festival attendees from all 50 states, Washington D.C., and 20+ countries traveled to Cole’s home state of North Carolina to attend the Dreamville brand’s flagship annual event, Dreamville Festival will once again return to Dorothea Dix Park to usher in the spring festival season with a massive outdoor celebration of music, culture, and community.
As an annual reunion for Dreamville fans worldwide that generates an economic impact of $145+ million for the greater Wake County area, Dreamville Festival will continue to offer a true taste of the good life in North Carolina next spring with dozens of local vendors, food trucks, artisans, and muralists spread across the Dix Park festival grounds.
Fans can also look forward to immersing themselves in site-wide art installations; learning more about local community organizations through Dreamville Foundation’s Nonprofit Row; riding the iconic Dreamville Ferris Wheel, which provides unparalleled skyline views of downtown Raleigh and the sprawling festival grounds; and enjoying more surprises throughout the weekend.
Festival organizers would like to thank the many partners and sponsors supporting this year’s event including this year’s charitable partners – Dreamville Foundation and Dix Park Conservancy – for which a portion of proceeds from the 2025 event will go on to support these important nonprofit organizations.
The new music lineup is set to drop later this year. Until then, stay up-to-date on future Dreamville Festival news and announcements by visiting the following channels:
WEBSITE: www.DreamvilleFest.com
INSTAGRAM:  @dreamvillefest
FACEBOOK: @dreamvillefest
TWITTER: @dreamvillefest
# #
ABOUT DREAMVILLE FESTIVAL:
Originally launched in 2018 in Raleigh, North Carolina, Dreamville Festival is an outdoor weekend music festival that returns each spring to the historic Dorothea Dix Park and serves as the Dreamville brand’s signature annual event for its fans worldwide.
With guests regularly traveling from across the globe and all 50 U.S. states to attend this highly-curated festival experience featuring local culture, food, and art, as well as performances from some of the biggest names in music today, Dreamville Festival has quickly become one of the largest annual events in the state of North Carolina as well as one of today’s most popular artist-led music festivals in the world.
Having grown up in nearby Fayetteville, Dreamville founder J. Cole and his team look to use the festival as a continued opportunity to shine a light on the special place that helped shape him into the successful and creative artist he is today. To learn more and purchase tickets, please visit DreamvilleFest.com.
ABOUT DREAMVILLE:
Founded by Grammy Award-winning and multi-platinum hip-hop artist J. Cole in 2007, the organization is home to Dreamville Records, a critically acclaimed and commercially successful record label distributed in partnership with Interscope Records. Dreamville Records is currently home to artists J. Cole, J.I.D, Ari Lennox, Bas, EarthGang, Cozz, Lute, and Omen.
Dreamville has now evolved into the modern multidisciplinary entertainment and media company that includes the aforementioned record label along with Apparel, Impact, and Festival divisions. As a diversified cultural hub, Dreamville continues to cultivate and create music, content, live events, and fashion. To learn more, visit Dreamville.com.
RELATED:

Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.