Photo: Getty Images
Sexyy Red is taking her steps into the world of adult entertainment by opening her own sex shop. During an interview Angie Martinez dropped on Tuesday, August 6, the St. Louis rapper discussed numerous topics from her upcoming project to motherhood. At one point in the conversation, Angie highlighted her various hustles before her career and asked how she handles her money as a celebrity. She said her team teaches her how to flip her earnings in a positive way and mentioned her plans to open a sex store. "Cuz I always go to the sex stores when I'm in the cities so I'm like I'mma just open my own store," Sexyy said. 
"I get lingerie because I like to walk around looking cute," she continued. "I get whatever make me look cute plus some toys."I'm going to have some stuff that's sexy, sexy," she added. "It's all kinds of stuff in there. It's candy and sex games. I'mma hook the store up and make it cute. I'mma sell all kinds of stuff in there though. A sexy, sex store is on-brand for the "Pound Town" rapper. The rapper said she's going to sell other wild items from adult toys to lip gloss from her upcoming line. Elsewhere in the interview, Big Sexyy also cleared up the misconception about Drake's "Rich Baby Daddy" music video with SZA. In the video, Drizzy, Sexyy and the "Saturn" singer make it seem like she went into labor while they were together and all went to the hospital where they welcomed her new baby daughter. However, Sexyy Red confirmed that she gave birth to her second child a few days before the video shoot. "I had just popped out my baby and then a couple of days later I went to go shoot a video with Drake," she explained. "I was supposed to went and waited to have the baby and then shoot the video but she came out early.""I was normal after I had my baby," she continued. "I was up twerking. I was doing all kinds of stuff." Sexyy Red also talks about her night out with Latto and Flo Milli, her massive performance at the BET Awards 2024 and more. Watch the entire interview below.