The new stage, named Arrivals, will be part of the Shangri-La area of the site
Glastonbury has announced that its first ever dedicated South Asian stage, named Arrivals, will debut at this year’s edition of the festival.
Arrivals will be part of the famous late-night Shangri-La area of the festival’s site, and it has been designed by a group of South Asian cultural organisations, including Going South, Dialled In and Daytimers.
Artists that will be part of Arrivals’ first ever line-up include Bobby Friction, Anish Kumar, Nabihah Iqbal and Nikki Nair. Check out the full list of acts below:
pic.twitter.com/muGQHz91Gy
— Glastonbury Festival (@glastonbury) April 19, 2024
DJ and broadcaster Friction has said: “This is a seminal moment for UK festival culture. South Asian and British Asian music have had their own small festivals over the years and some Asian artists have performed in the big gatherings that are now a quintessential part of a British Summer. But a full on Glastonbury space dedicated to South Asian music, beats and DJs for the entire festival? That’s just crazy and a personal dream come true.”
Earlier today, the entire Shangri-La line-up was announced, with names including Kneecap, Bob Vylan and Lambrini Girls set to feature.
The festivities return to Worthy Farm near Pilton, Somerset in the final weekend of June, from Wednesday June 26 to Sunday June 30.
The bulk of the Glastonbury 2024 line-up has been shared, with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA set to headline the iconic Pyramid Stage in June. Shania Twain, meanwhile, will perform in the coveted legends slot on the Sunday. Check out the rest of the bill here.
The festival have also begun to unveil the line-ups for individual stages, including the Acoustic Stage, which will be headlined by Scouting For Girls, Ocean Colour Scene and Gipsy Kings.
The Fields Of Avalon also made their announcement this week, with Caity Baser, Frank Turner, Skindred and Lulu all being added to the bill, with the performance from the latter marking the last ever live show by the singer.
The ticket and coach package re-sale took place yesterday (April 18), with all tickets going inside 18 minutes. The final chance for people who do not yet have their ticket comes with the general admission re-sale, which is at 9am on Sunday (April 21). Tickets are limited to four per transaction, and you can visit here for more information. That sale will take place via SeeTickets here.
Competition is likely to be high on Sunday, after Glasto co-organiser Emily Eavis revealed that the festival had seen its “highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever”. “Incredible. Thanks so much everyone,” she added.
“There will be a resale of the (very limited) returned tickets later this month. Info to follow on that.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.