For the first time in Glastonbury Festival's history, female acts have taken two of the three headline slots. The news has been met with joy from fans worldwide as Dua Lipa and SZA have been announced as top of the bill for this year's event.
The British popstar and American singer are joined by Coldplay, who make up the third headline act. The British rock-pop band have already headlined Glastonbury four times over the years.
Another major act confirmed in this morning's (March 14) announcement is Shania Twain. The Canadian singer will be performing for the coveted Sunday afternoon Legends slot on the Pyramid Stage.
Other exciting acts heading onto the iconic stage include LCD Soundsytem, Little Simz, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka and Janelle Monae. As well as Seventeen, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean and Ayra Starr.
Other big names announced include Disclosure, Anne-Marie, Camila Cabello, Jessie Ware, Jamie XX and London Grammar. Meanwhile, many 2000s music fans have been pleased to see Avril Lavigne, Sugababes and Corinne Bailey Rae on the bill too.
Glastonbury 2024's line-up announcement comes as fans previously slammed the event last year due to its all-male headline acts. The festival's 2023 edition saw Arctic Monkeys, Guns N' Roses and Elton John, with Yusuf, on the Pyramid stage - and Cat Stevens performing in the Legends slot.
Commenting on the lack of female headliners last year, organiser Emily Eavis said: "I’ve always been really passionate about gender split [on festival lineups] and I think, actually, our problem was that I’d been so outspoken about it that having a year when there wasn’t a female sent people a bit mad - or some people.
"And we did have a female - she pulled out and we replaced them with Guns N’ Roses. But everyone knows that it’s top of my list. It is difficult with female artists because there aren’t enough headliners.
"But we’re also creating them. We’re putting the bands and female artists on smaller stages and bringing them through all the time. And who knows? Next year we might get two. And certainly, I can say that the legend is female."
On X, formerly known as Twitter, GarfieldUtd wrote: "Wow, the Glastonbury 2024 line-up is absolutely incredible! So excited to see powerhouse artists like @DUALIPA, @coldplay, and @sza taking the stage." Louise_sasha20 said: "I’m looking forward to SZA and Dua Lipa."
BazIenka exclaimed: "DUAAA LIPAAA." S_ngcheols wrote: "Glastonbury does have a lineup which speaks more to me, like, COLDPLAY?! Shania Twain?! Dua Lipa?! SZA?! Avril Lavigne?! I see the Sugababes too those last two are from my 90s!!"
The Worthy Farm festival in Somerset will be taking place June 26-30.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.