Hundreds of thousands of people will be glued to their computer screens tonight as the first tickets for Glastonbury 2025 go on sale.
The Somerset festival, which this year saw the likes of Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA headline the famous Pyramid stage, will return to Worthy Farm on June 25 next year.
Festival fans who want to get their hands on tickets will have had to register in advance for the ticket sales, which take place tonight and Sunday with the coach packages going on sale first.
READ MORE: Glastonbury issues warning to ticket-buyers over move that 'may harm your chances'
This year, a new system has been introduced to the booking process that will see everyone that logs onto the ticket site placed in a queue for the booking page.
Tickets are priced at £373.50 this year and they are expected to sell out in minutes. Glastonbury is yet to reveal any acts that will be playing at the festival next year, but rumours about who might headline have already been swirling.
Coach packages will be the first tickets to go on sale on Thursday night. Coach tickets can be booked from dozens of UK cities including Manchester, London, Birmingham, Glasgow, Leeds and Newcastle.
Here's everything you need to know about booking a coach package, including how much you have to pay, how many tickets you can book and how to select a coach.
Coach packages will go on sale on Thursday, November 14, at 6pm. Anyone who wants to buy a ticket will have had to register their details in advance to get a registration number.
General admissions tickets, without coach travel, will go on sale on Sunday, November 17, at 9am.
Tickets to Glastonbury 2025 will cost £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, but you only need to put down a £75 deposit in November. The remainder of the balance is paid during the first week of April.
When you buy a coach ticket you need to pay the £75 deposit, plus the cost of your coach fare. For example, if you travel from Manchester your ticket will be £378.50, of which you'll pay just the £75 deposit, and your coach fare will be £109. That means you'll pay a total of £184 at the time of booking.
Coach fares vary depending on where you depart from and whether you get a return ticket or a single. You can see the full list of coach fares for 2025 below.
Single coach fares are available from Bath, Bristol, London, Reading and Taunton. For all other destinations, only return journeys are available.
You can choose whether you want to depart on Wednesday or Thursday when you select your tickets. For return travel, all coaches will depart the site on Monday.
You can only select a departure time for certain destinations - usually Bristol and London.
For all other destinations you will get a randomly allocated departure time, which will be sent to you closer to the festival.
According to the festival website, full travel timing for those who cannot select a time will be confirmed no later than 30 days before the day of departure. The festival warns that coach ticket holders "must therefore be prepared to travel at any time of day (AM/PM) on the departure day you select".
No. You can buy up to a maximum of six tickets per transaction but you can only select one location. If you are lucky enough to get through to the booking page a second time, you can purchase tickets for a different location.
The Glastonbury website explains: "It is only possible to book tickets from one departure town in a single transaction. If the option you have selected is not available, please choose a different town or day that is convenient for you."
Yes. If you have a coach package you will not receive your festival ticket until you are on the coach.
You will be sent your coach tickets in advance, but your festival entry tickets will be handed out on the coach on the way to the festival.
The Glastonbury website warns: "Travel on your chosen coach is mandatory. Please do not book a Ticket + Coach travel option unless you are certain you will be able to travel on the coach you have selected."
Your tickets to get on the coach will be sent as e-tickets to the email address associated with your registration number. E-tickets tend to be sent out in mid-May, according to the Glastonbury website.
Yes, you can book additional seats for children if you are travelling on the coach.
Children aged 12 and under do not require an entry ticket for the festival. However, you will need to book them additional coach seats when you buy your tickets.
If the additional seats required are not available when booking, you can contact coachtravel@seetickets.com to enquire about purchasing additional coach seats. The Glastonbury website says: "Please be aware any additional coach tickets are strictly subject to availability so if you did not select this with your initial booking, ensure you contact the Coach Team as soon as possible in order to avoid disappointment."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.