By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  04:09, 25 January 2024   |  Updated:  05:23, 25 January 2024   
 89
View  comments
Kylie Minogue was feeling the love as she received more accolades for her career renaissance on Thursday.
The Australian pop princess, 55, initially took to Instagram to share she'd been nominated by the Brit Awards for International Artist of the Year, her first nod from the UK music awards show in 13 years.
And just a few hours later, the Padam Padam hitmaker expressed her gratitude after winning another gong.
'Today just gets better and better! What an absolute honour to be awarded Billboard's Women in Music 2024 Icon Award,' she wrote on Instagram alongside the announcement picture.
Fans congratulated the pop music queen on the social media platform, including country-pop crossover legend Shania Twain, who wrote 'ICONIC' and pop dabbler Paris Hilton, who offered 'Yas Queen!' in the comments.
Kylie Minogue was feeling the love as she received more accolades for her career renaissance on Thursday. Pictured
The Australian pop princess, 55, first took to Instagram to share she'd been nominated by the Brit Awards for International Artist of the Year, her first nod from the UK music awards show in 13 years
Kylie is also up for a Grammy next month, with a nomination for Best Pop Dance Recording.
She'll face stiff competition from an array of pop divas, including Olivia Rodrigo, Lana Del Rey, Taylor Swift, SZA and Miley Cyrus.
It comes as Kylie has revealed she is readying plans for a massive stadium show. 
And just a few hours later, the Padam Padam hitmaker expressed her gratitude after winning another gong. 'Today just gets better and better! What an absolute honour to be awarded Billboard's Women in Music 2024 Icon Award,' she wrote on Instagram
Fans congratulated the pop music queen on the social media platform, including country-pop crossover legend Shania Twain , who wrote 'ICONIC' and pop dabbler Paris Hilton , who offered 'Yas Queen!' in the comments
Still, the beloved Melbourne-born hitmaker remained tight-lipped about the exact location for what she said would be a 'one-off' event.
But the pop superstar has been outspoken about her ambition to crack the difficult U.S. market ever since her mega-hit Padam Padam shot up the charts in Europe and Australia.
Kylie made the comments backstage in an interview with The Sun in a break during her recent residency in Las Vegas reported The Music.
Kylie Minogue has revealed she is readying plans for a massive stadium show. Pictured: The superstar appearing on the U.K. special 'An Audience With Kylie' earlier this month
'I don't know if I am a stadium artist but maybe now is the time to put it on the table. I would love to do that one amazing show and bring it all together,' she said.
The star said she was thinking about a big scale gig after wowing fans with a surprise performance at Capital's Summer Time Ball show at the 90,000 capacity Wembley Stadium in the U.K.
'When I did Capital's SummerTime Ball I was just there for a couple of songs but I have to admit it did feel good to be in a stadium,' she said.
She also spoke about her bold ambition to crack the U.S. charts saying it 'matters a little' to her. 
Back in July the megastar achieved unprecedented success with Padam Padam, which topped the charts in Europe and Australia.
The song has become her first top 10 UK hit as a lead artist since 2010, and Minogue is the first woman over 50 to make BBC Radio 1's playlist as a lead artist.
Padam Padam was also Kylie's first-ever top 10 Dance/Electronic song on the US Billboard chart.
Kylie is enjoying an amazing late career success with her latest album Tension

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group