Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Lizzo has revealed that she 'quits' the music industry in a lengthy statement because she feels "the world doesn't want me." The About Damn Time singer took to Instagram to tell her 12.1M followers that she is "done" as she posted the statement to her grid and Stories.
She wrote: "I'm getting tired of putting up with being dragged by everyone in my life and on the internet. All I want is to make music and make people happy and help the world be a little better than how I found it. 
"But I'm starting to feel like the world doesn't want me in it. I'm constantly up against lies being told about me for clout & views... being the butt of the joke every single time because of how I look... my character being picked apart by people who don't know me and disrespecting my name I didn't sign up for this s*** I QUIT," said the singer, who has suffered online trolling from body shamers over recent years.
Lizzo has been quiet and away from the public eye after coming under fire for how she allegedly treated her backup dancers last year. She came back at the Grammy Awards last month to give out the award for Best R&B Song to SZA.
Some of Lizzo's backup dancers took her to court, saying she wasn't good to work with and that she harassed them. The singer, whose real name is Melissa Viviane Jefferson, was named in the lawsuit along with her touring company and dance captain Shirlene Quigley.
In the lawsuit, three of Lizzo's dancers said that the star made them touch nude people at a strip club in Amsterdam. They also said they were taken to the strip club without knowing where they were going.
Lizzo has denied the allegations.
"These sensationalized stories are coming from former employees who have already publicly admitted that they were told their behaviour on tour was inappropriate and unprofessional," she said when the claims came out. 
Adding: "As an artist, I have always been very passionate about what I do. I take my music and my performances seriously because, at the end of the day, I only want to put out the best art that represents me and my fans."
Following the statement, Lizzo's fans wrote messages asking her not to stop making music. "You have and continue to help so many. Please don't give up we need and love you!!" one fan said.
Another fan wrote: "I don't know if it helps, but you've definitely helped me feel more confident and brave to post. I think you're amazing and its unfair how people treat bigger black women on the internet. You don't deserve all this, I do hope it stops soon."