UK mobile network operator Vodafone has just announced an eye-catching offer for anyone who is not a Vodafone customer. The firm is giving away seven days of free coverage with 50GB mobile data, 500 minutes and 500 texts to anyone who signs up. The catch? You have to be going to Glastonbury Festival.
Vodafone is the official connectivity partner of the world famous festival after replacing EE in 2023. For the 2024 event, any Glastonbury attendee who is not already with Vodafone can grab a free network trial to stay connected thanks to 10 dedicated Vodafone masts installed across the Worthy Farm site.
It can often be difficult to get good mobile service at big festivals when mobile masts are overwhelmed with the number of people trying to get online. If you’re on EE, O2, Three or any other network you might want to take Vodafone up on its free offer to make sure you have use of a working phone this weekend.
If you’re travelling down to Glastonbury and want to get involved, all you have to do is use your smartphone to scan one of the QR codes at a Vodafone Connect & Charge stand, or you can find a link in the official Glastonbury app to get a whopping 50GB data, which should be more than enough to stay in touch with friends on the ground as well as upload those pictures and videos of your best moments across social media.
One thing to check is if your phone is eSIM compatible. This technology is found in most new smartphones including the latest iPhone and Samsung Galaxy models, but not all smartphones have eSIM as standard. eSIM allows you to install a mobile plan on your phone without a physical SIM card, and it can be used alongside your existing SIM.
Vodafone is predicting Glastonbury attendees will process an astonishing 215 terabytes of mobile data during the festival, which opened its gates on Wednesday and sees people head home after Sunday night’s headline act, SZA. The other two headliners are Dua Lip and Coldplay, with other big names such as LCD Soundsystem, PJ Harvey, Burna Boy, Little Simz and Shania Twain set to entertain the huge crowds over several days in the sun (according to the latest weather forecasts, at least).
“As The Nation’s Network, we want to connect the Nation to the people and the things they love, and our Glastonbury network trial is just one way we are doing this.” said Rob Winterschladen, Consumer Director for Vodafone UK. “We know how important it is for festivalgoers to stay connected, so they can contact their friends and share content that captures their favourite moments across the weekend.
“Our e-SIM Network Trial will offer non-Vodafone customers the chance to trial our network if they can’t connect to their own provider, and with us delivering the most capacity ever at Worthy Farm, we will offer them a compelling network experience.”
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Be aware that the plan is free for the first seven days but will auto-renew at a cost of £10 unless cancelled.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated