"That was really a huge slap in the face," Banks said.  

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Azealia Banks has chosen another target this week as she went off on SZA over a perceived slight involving RZA. On Sunday (Sept. 22), the “212” rapper shared her thoughts on X and called SZA out for working with the Wu-Tang member. 

	“Sza is really such an ugly person for having rza on her album after asking me to be on it, Me politely and honestly declining, after news of him trying to pimp me out to Russell Crowe broke,” Banks wrote. “That was really a huge slap in the face and truest sign of a b**ch who will always be ugly.” 

	It’s worth noting that RZA is not officially listed as a featured artist on neither SOS nor Ctrl., but he did assist with the album announcement for the latter in 2017.

	









Sis can get all the procedures in the world. She'll always be that insecure fat Muslim girl from New Jersey with the big chin and the gay husband

	She deepened her insult by bringing the TDE star’s physical appearance into the rant, adding, “Sis can get all the procedures in the world. She’ll always be that insecure fat Muslim girl from New Jersey with the big chin and the gay husband.” 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	Banks’ allegations are referring to the time she said Crowe made derogatory remarks at her, spat on her, choked her, and tossed her out of a hotel room at a party. She claims RZA was the one who brought her to the event.

	In the aforementioned Ctrl. announcement, RZA penned a custom verse for the “Kill Bill” crooner. “I’m zoning in with my homegirl, SZA/ Self Savior, Zig-Zag-Zig Allah,” RZA rapped in the promo video. “Yeah, I think you can take that far, mama/ Ya know what I mean? Cut loose the drama, no melodrama/ Rise to the top, claim ya karma/ And it’s my honor to drop this lesson, it’s my honor to give this blessing.”

	The moment was a full-circle collaboration because SZA has said her stage name was inspired by RZA. Revisit the clip below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.