The Dreamville of your dreams is here.
On April 6-7, J. Cole’s expertly curated annual festival returns to Raleigh, NC’s Dorothea Dix Park for two action-packed days of Hip-Hop, R&B, and good times.
Headliners joining J. Cole this year include SZA, Nicki Minaj, Chris Brown, Lil Yachty, and Schoolboy Q.
Other big names on the bill include Sexyy Red, Jeezy, Monica, Rae Sremmurd, and Rema.
That’s not to mention Teezo Touchdown, EARTHGANG, Key Glock, J.I.D., and Bas.
In total, 26 big-name artists will take the stage over the early April weekend.
And if you want to grab tickets to the musical extravaganza, they can be picked up as soon as today.
At the time of publication, two-day general admission passes start at $246 before fees on Vivid Seats.
Need to catch J. Cole and co. live?
You’re in the right place, Hip-Hop heads.
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about the 2024 Dreamville Festival below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all single and multi-day pass prices can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation, and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered before the event.
As we mentioned earlier, 26 artists are slated to perform at this year’s festival.
For a closer look at all acts set to take the stage at Dreamville, sneak a peek at this year’s lush poster:
A post shared by Dreamville Fest (@dreamvillefest)
If you can’t make Dreamville this year, we’ve got your back.
Our team found five Hip-Hop tours you won’t want to miss these next few months.
• Drake with J. Cole, Lil Wayne and Lil Durk
• 21 Savage
• A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie
• Offset
• Gunna
Who else is out and about? Take a look at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours of 2024 here to find out.