BY ATTICUS STRALEY
On November 22, Kendrick Lamar uploaded a one-minute music snippet on his YouTube channel. 30 minutes later, out of nowhere, he released a complete surprise album called “GNX”. Within its first three days, and despite zero prior announcements, the entire project snatched the first 12 slots of the Top 100: USA Apple Music charts. “GNX” presents conscious crash out lyrics over classic West Coast production, while being released at a vital moment in rap, and addresses the issues Kendrick has with those in the industry.
The new release reasserts Kendrick and the West’s current dominance, through a phenomenal catalog of songs. The project leads with “wacced out murals”, where Kendrick lets everything fly, setting the tone for the album by speaking on the recent beef with Drake, and calling out anybody who works against him, even including legends Lil Wayne and Snoop Dogg. The line “f*ck a double-entendre, I want y’all to feel this sh*t”, sums up the directness Kendrick forces. Throughout the album, “GNX” serves bouncy club songs like “squabble up”, “hey now”, “tv off” and more. These songs use simple, yet wildly catchy LA beats to create some of the best hits on this project. Simultaneously, it includes smooth buttery flows such as “luther” and “gloria” that instantly bless your ears when played. One special song, “reincarnated”, samples a Tupac beat as Kendrick even raps in the former artist’s style, with him being a common reference during the year. The strong use of vocal inflection used in this song makes it extremely authentic, with Kendrick reflecting on past lives, addiction, and growth, including a conversation with a father figure.
The quality of these songs are exceptional, with this easily becoming a modern-day West Coast classic. To support this, many older listeners will recognize some of the famous samples from “When I Hear Music” by Debbie Deb on “squabble up”, and “Use Your Heart” by SWV on “heart pt. 6”. Balancing out the old, Kendrick also introduces wavy and untamed sounding adlibs, adding to the fun, “looser” vibe of the album. Additionally, local LA artists are featured, including HittaJ3, Lefty Gunplay, YoungThreat, and many more (with the exception of Roddy Rich and SZA). Many of the songs even feature mariachi singer Deyra Barrera, who brings a “grand mafioso” feel through her striking vocal depth. The samples, features, and lyrics in the songs show that “GNX” is a clear tribute to all things West Coast culture.
There has been heavy talk that Kendrick would release an album following the Drake beef. However, there are many signs that point to this not being the album, and that it is still on the way. For one, the snippet in the teaser on YouTube (which did not follow the LA sound) was not included in this album, showing there is more music to be released, just as the snippet from the “Not Like Us” music video proved. Additionally, Kendrick’s “The Heart” song series has never been released on an official album before, rather as singles or on mixtapes. Some other worthy signs include the title track of this album being created only two days before its drop, and a plethora of tweets from those involved in “GNX” and Kendrick’s label hinting that there is more to come, along with a tweet stating that his own label did not find out it was being released until the morning of. The arrangement also lacks a coherent story, which is a historically common theme in Kendrick’s albums, pointing to it not being the main course.
While it is very likely Kendrick will be dropping new music in the not-so-distant future, “GNX” is still a phenomenal piece of work. Now, I will admit that it did take me a few listens to fully adjust to it. But after that, I completely agreed with all of the surrounding praise. Anyone who claims this to be an “underwhelming” project for Kendrick’s standards is simply not accustomed to hearing this subgenre, and may not fully understand its significance and impact. However, the numbers do not lie. People love this album. It is great to hear a new era of Kendrick, along with him dropping music left and right after complaints over the years. Some of my personal favorites from “GNX” include “reincarnated”, as the combination of the Tupac flow, along with Kendrick’s lyricism make for a timeless masterpiece. The features on the song “gnx” also fit perfectly over the beat, and has become one of the most enjoyable parts of the catalog for me as well. In addition, “squabble up” was an instant hit when I initially heard it, and shines as one of the grooviest songs on the list.  But every one of them serves a unique purpose, ultimately leading to Kendrick stating: You don’t mess with me, or the West Coast.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.
A password will be e-mailed to you.

Username



E-mail