Home   News   National   Article
British rock band Coldplay threw it back to the year 2000 as they opened their record-breaking fifth headline slot at Glastonbury Festival with hit song Yellow.
The band first headlined on the Pyramid Stage in 2002, and their Saturday night performance sees them overtake The Cure, who have headlined the slot four times.
Frontman Chris Martin, guitarist Jonny Buckland, drummer Will Champion and bassist Guy Berryman started their history-making set after a clock counted down on screens, which was followed by a BBC logo on the screen before the music started.
Coldplay start their set with Yellow and a Saturday night Pyramid Stage party is underway! RS pic.twitter.com/DhrU9zYoih
— Glastonbury Live (@GlastoLive) June 29, 2024
Their second song of the night was Higher Power, from their ninth album Music Of The Spheres, with Martin going on to sit down on the stage as he started the song Paradise, from their 2011 album Mylo Xyloto, where singer-songwriter Victoria Canal joined them on the piano.
According to reports, Hollywood star Tom Cruise was among the celebrities watching the band’s set.
Their performance follows a busy Saturday line-up on the Pyramid Stage which has seen performances from Little Simz, Michael Kiwanuka, Keane, Cyndi Lauper and more.
British rapper Little Simz performed tracks from her Mercury Prize-winning album Sometimes I Might Be Introvert and her latest studio record No Thank You, as she made her Pyramid Stage debut on Saturday.
During Lauper’s set earlier in the day she opened with her 1980s track The Goonies ‘R’ Good Enough, going on to play hits like Time After Time, Money Changes Everything, True Colours and I Drove All Night.
Indie rockers Kasabian, who headlined on the Pyramid Stage in 2014, performed on the Woodsies Stage, formerly known as the John Peel Stage, following days of speculation they were the “secret show” listed as TBA on the stage line-up.
Other performances on Saturday also included actor Russell Crowe’s Indoor Garden Party on the Acoustic Stage.
Pop star Dua Lipa was the headline act on the stage on Friday night, and on Sunday night American singer-songwriter SZA will headline.
Celebrities photographed enjoying the music through the weekend include actress Anya Taylor-Joy, Oasis star Noel Gallagher and more.