Cruz Beckham attended Glastonbury Festival over the weekend with his pals, but slummed it next to the temporary toilets. The son of David and Victoria Beckham reportedly slept in a £60 tent after being turned away from the celebrity campsite.
The youngest of the Beckhams' three boys was spotted retrieving his belongings from his tent before heading back home on Sunday, according to The Sun.
The 19-year-old was reportedly turned away from the exclusive celebrity campsite, which had the likes of Noel Gallagher and Anya Taylor-Joy hanging out together.
However, he didn't take his tent home with him and left it at Worthy Farm next to the toilets. Revellers have often been encouraged to take their waste away and tidy the campsite.
Cruz's rough experience comes just shortly after he split from his music management firm. According to The Mail on Sunday, the music firm and Cruz parted ways in January.
  READ MORE:    Loose Women viewers 'cringe' as they question guest Alexandra Burke's performanc  [LATEST] 
An inside source told The Sun: "Cruz is an obsessive guitarist, always posting stuff on Instagram of him strumming. He has signed up with C3, which manage acts including 30 Seconds to Mars and Modest Mouse.
"TaP’s expertise was with more pop acts, so he decided to work with a company more in line with where his music is evolving. Cruz is working with producers in the studio and refining his sound.
“Playing live is going to be a big part of the rollout of his music and Cruz and his new team want to make sure it’s perfect before he actually launches.”
  Don't miss...     Louise Redknapp shares passionate kiss with new man at Glastonbury after split  [LATEST]     Zoe Ball's BBC replacement speaks out as host's absence addressed  [READ]     Dua Lipa confirms massive London show - here's how to get tickets early  [TICKETS] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Around 200,000 festival-goers descended on Somerset for the iconic festival, which saw headliners such as SZA, Dua Lipa and Coldplay take to the Pyramid Stage.
Organiser Emily Eavis has confirmed that 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury Festival in order to allow the land to rest and recover.
Coldplay was the first act to make history after headlining five times at Glastonbury. Country legend Shania Twain performed during the legends slot on Sunday afternoon.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated