Lizzo shared a post on Instagram that alerted her fans that she was "done" with the music industry. 
The singer's post read: "I'm getting tired of putting up with being dragged by everyone in my life and on the internet."
 She continued: "All I want is to make music and make people happy and help the world be a little better than how I found it. But I'm starting to feel like the world doesn't want me in it. 
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Lizzo says she 'wants to be supermodel' after posing with fake moustache in strange snap 
"I'm constantly up against lies being told about me for clout & views... being the butt of the joke every single time because of how I look."
"My character being picked apart by people who don't know me and disrespecting my name. I didn't sign up for this s**t. I quit," she ended her post with a peace sign emoji.
 The star has been keeping out of the spotlight since claims arose last year that she sexually harassed her back up dancers. Her first public appearance since was at the Grammy Awards last month where she presented the award for Best R&B Song to SZA. 
Lizzo was sued by some of her backup dancers slamming her for creating a hostile work environment and sexual harassment. The Truth Hurts singer - real name Melissa Viviane Jefferson - was named in a lawsuit along with her touring company and her dance captain Shirlene Quigley.
In the suit, three of Lizzo's dancers claimed that Lizzo pressured them into touching nude performers at a strip club in Amsterdam. They also said they were allegedly taken to this strip club without being told where they were going. The singer has denied all the claims.
"These sensationalized stories are coming from former employees who have already publicly admitted that they were told their behavior on tour was inappropriate and unprofessional," she said when the claims were made, "As an artist, I have always been very passionate about what I do. I take my music and my performances seriously because, at the end of the day, I only want to put out the best art that represents me and my fans.”
It's unclear if the abuse claims are what are leading to Lizzo's departure announcement, but they could be a factor. The singer has also been shamed for her size, being told that she was too big to be a superstar.
Fans of the singer took to the comments section of her post to beg the singer to continue music. "You have and continue to help so many. Please don't give up we need and love you!!" one fan wrote.
Another said: "I don't know if it helps, but you've definitely helped me feel more confident and brave to post. I think you're amazing and its unfair how people treat bigger black women on the internet. You don't deserve all this, I do hope it stops soon."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox