You can't keep Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" down for long. It has been a remarkably steady performer on the Billboard 200 albums chart since it was released this time last year, almost always at or near the top. Well, it's back at number-one for a 19th nonconsecutive week for the tracking week that ended on March 7. That gives it more weeks on top than any other country album in Billboard history. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
"One Thing at a Time" achieved 68,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams, with most of its performance coming from streaming (65,000 units, which equates to 89.63 million streams of the album's songs). The rest of the top five are holdovers from previous week with nothing new entering the top 10 for this tracking period. Noah Kahan's "Stick Season" reaches its highest position yet at number-two with 53,000 units. Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign's "Vultures 1" is steady at number-three with just under 53,000 units. SZA's "SOS" is up one spot to number-four with 50,000 units. And Drake's "For All the Dogs" rounds out the top five with 42,000 units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, only eight game players correctly bet on "One Thing at a Time" returning to number-one. Most had "Vultures 1" back in the top spot compared to just eight people who correctly predicted where it did land, number-three. Only three people expected "Stick Season" to ascend to its all-time-high number-two position. A majority of users were right about "SOS" in fourth place, though, but only one person guessed "For All the Dogs" would rank fifth. That one person turned out to be Kai, the only Gold Derby user to get a perfect score for the week. How did you do forecasting this week's top albums? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media