Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury Festival is dubbed by many as being quite simply the best music festival in the world. The history of the event is long and well-documented, stemming from a tiny version of its current self - which cost you just £1 (with some free milk) back in the day - to the landmark event that draws hundreds of thousands of people from across the globe in modern times.
Tickets nowadays cost in the region of £350+ and it seems that more people than ever before try to get their hands on tickets in the general sales and resales each year. They're the purchase of a lifetime for many, with some still to have any success in making it onto the farm, with decades of trying under their belt.
In addition to the massive festival site, the endless array of weird and wonderful things to see and do, and the somewhat magical sense of community festivalgoers experience while there, another major reason behind the festival's success is the line-up - and some years you can be kept waiting a fair old while after tickets have sold out, to find out who is playing and when.
Read more: Full Glastonbury Festival 2024 line-up and stage timings revealed
Read more: Why Glastonbury is the best in the world: Festival insiders try to explain the magic
The headliners, the acts given star billing on the festival's main Pyramid Stage each night, have been among the best and biggest names in the world of music. From rap to rock, and pop to indie, Glastonbury puts the spotlight on the world's biggest performers and provides a backdrop like no other to watch some once in a lifetime performances.
While the festival was cancelled during the coronavirus pandemic in 2020 and 2021, Glastonbury made a promise to return bigger and better, and more eagerly awaited, than ever in 2022. We've updated our timeline below to include last year's stellar headliner line-up, as well as those set to take on the task this year
Here's a history of the 'best festival in the world's' headliners over the years:
The first Glastonbury! Long before the Glasto Podcasto had come into glorious existence. It cost £1 and you could look forward to The Kinks performing the top slot.
Until they pulled out. Still, T-Rex are pretty good.
It went from 1,500 people to 12,000 (which still wouldn't put a dent at the Pyramid Stage these days). No surprise, because it was free this time.
Headlined by David Bowie. Pink Floyd were due to play but cancelled.
No specific headline act when the festival returned after several years away. Only 500 tickets were sold.
Tim Blake and Peter Gabriel were billed at the top of the list on a year when 12,000 people once again returned to the festival.
Prices were now put at £5 - adjusting for inflation that's about £17 now.
Break years were far more common back then so it was two years later when Hawkwind and Ginger Blake headlined.
New Order also had a slot at the festival, if neither of those is doing anything for you. Tickets shot up to £8 - which works out at £21 when adjusted for 2017.
In 1982, attendance hit 25,000 for the first time as Van Morrison and Jackson Browne headlined. U2 were due to play but pulled out of the festival. It wouldn't be the last time that happened.
Curtis Mayfield and UB40 (before they all openly hated each other inside and outside of the courtroom) had the honour in 1983. Tickets rose to £12 and presumably people were outraged.
You can probably pay that for a burrito and a beer and feel like you've got a bargain now.
We see the debut of a headliner that could theoretically still headline the festival (but probably won't) as The Smiths sharing the top line with Weather Report and Black Uhuru.
Elvis Costello and The Waterboys also performed.
Echo & The Bunnymen, Joe Cocker and The Boomtown Rats topped the bill with The Style Council also having a fairly prominent slot.
40,000 people attended and tickets were £16.
The Cure, The Psychedelic Furs and Level 42 headlined.
Slots were also given to Simply Red and Madness in what was a pretty solid line-up.
The first of consecutive headline sets for both Elvis Costello and Van Morrison. Fatboy Slim was probably devastated by this.
We also saw The Communards take a headline slot while New Order returned to the festival.
The second of those slots for Elvis Costello and Van Morrison.
This time Suzanne Vega rounded out the headliners while Pixies also performed a notable slot.
The Cure return to the festival while Happy Mondays and Sinead O'Connor also headline for the first time.
By this point, 70,000 people were attending the festival and spending £38 on their ticket.
Shakespears Sister headlined after the festival took a break in 1991 to allow for the birth of yours truly. Carter USM and Youssou N'Dour also had the top slots.
A big year though. There were also slots for Blur, Primal Scream and Lou Reed. Morrissey was due to play but cancelled.
The Black Crowes, Christy Moore and Lenny Kravitz headlined while Red Hot Chili Peppers dropped out of their headline slot.
The Velvet Underground performed while Primal Scream returned for another year.
Fair to say 1994 feels like the end of an era for Glastonbury before Britpop would transform the event. Levellers would headline while Peter Gabriel and Elvis Costello would share duties once again.
Elsewhere, Johnny Cash, Bjork, Rage Against the Machine, Radiohead, Blur, Oasis, Pulp and Saint Etienne would be an indicator of the years to come.
Oasis and The Cure took the top slots and Pulp replaced Stone Roses (already descending into farce at this point).
The Offspring, Jeff Buckley, Page and Plant, The Prodigy and PJ Harvey would also play what was an impressive bill.
Radiohead's set in 1997 is rightly regarded as one of the best in the history of the festival. The Prodigy also headlined while Ash replaced Steve Winwood at the pinnacle.
The Smashing Pumpkins and Sting also performed while future headliner Neil Young cancelled.
Headline slots for Primal Scream, Blur and Pulp as more than 100,000 people attended Glastonbury for the first time (official figures may be off on this one, mind).
Bob Dylan, Robbie Williams and Foo Fighters would also make appearances.
REM, Manic Street Preachers and Skunk Anansie would all headline for the first time. Ash would return lower down the bill while Blondie also had a slot.
Muse and Coldplay both made their Glastonbury debuts long before they'd established their Pyramid Stage residency. Bellamy smashed his guitar, probably.
David Bowie would headline the festival for the final time as a new millennium was ushered in. Travis and The Chemical Brothers would also take the top slots.
Muse and Coldplay both returned for a second time. Bellamy smashed his guitar, probably.
Coldplay would headline for the first time after the event took a break in 2001. Rod Stewart and Stereophonics would also be at the pinnacle.
White Stripes and Roger Waters also had slots. An extra 40,000 people attended compared to 2000.
A return for REM and Radiohead while Moby also headlined for the first time. We didn't know this would be the last time Radiohead would headline until 2017.
The Flaming Lips also performed, as did Yes.
Oasis and Paul McCartney brought the old school vibes but the weekend belonged to Muse. One of their best shows, as part of one of their best phases and one of the best Glastonbury sets ever. Bellamy smashed his guitar.
The performance was overshadowed by the death of William Howard (father of drummer Dom Howard).
Kings of Leon were good at the time and they performed lower down the bill.
The White Stripes and Coldpay both headlined but Basement Jaxx well and truly stole the show after replacing Kylie Minogue as a headline act.
The Killers performed while Elvis Costello also turned up and rolled back the decades.
Arctic Monkeys and The Killers both headlined the festival for the first time. It was a big deal. The Who provided the nostalgia.
Elsewhere, future headline acts like Adele and Arcade Fire also performed.
It goes down as the year everyone had a cry about Jay Z headlining (and proving everyone wrong) while overlooking the fact The Verve were bang average but it's okay because they have guitars. It was a good chance for Noel Gallagher to mouth off, too.
Kings of Leon also took a top slot on the back of the success of Sex on Fire.
Neil Young, Bruce Springsteen and Blur headlined as the top of the bill looked very different to the previous year. The sight of Damon Albarn in tears on the Pyramid Stage lives long in the memory.
Lady Gaga and Pendulum also had prominent slots at the event.
Gorillaz replaced U2 at the top of the bill as Albarn headlined for consecutive years. Stevie Wonder was the legends headliner while Muse brought out The Edge (from U2) to perform Where Streets Have No Name.
A Thom Yorke secret set (not the last) also got everyone talking.
U2 got their Glastonbury slot in the end while Coldplay also returned because it would've been weird if they didn't. Beyoncé was the real star of the show, undoubtedly.
Radiohead and Pulp both played secret shows. Kate Moss couldn't get in and was presumably devastated.
The festival returned after a fallow year with Rolling Stones finally headlining the festival. Arctic Monkeys came back with new haircuts and showed exactly how far they'd come. Mumford & Sons were promoted to headline act.
Tame Impala, Dizzee Rascal and Vampire Weekend also showed up with great performances elsewhere.
Arcade Fire performed a well-earned set at the top and the bloke from Kasabian wore a white tuxedo. The talking point, though, was Metallica. A petition was started to remove them from the bill (it didn't work because common sense).
Lana Del Rey, Pixies and Jack White impressed elsewhere while Dolly Parton pulled in a ridiculous crowd.
Florence and the Machine wowed crowds after replacing Foo Fighters at the top of the bill. The Who brought the nostalgia (again).
Kanye West got everyone talking with his set that attracted a similar reaction to Jay Z beforehand. Unfortunately, he didn't exactly prove everyone wrong and some berk interrupted what should have been a highlight in Black Skinhead.
Adele was the first time headliner here. She won people over with one of the best voices in music and quite a bit of swearing. Muse and Coldplay both returned. Bellamy smashed his guitar, probably.
LCD Soundsystem returned from their split and if you didn't go to that then you should regret it.
Radiohead returned at the top of the bill after a long break at the top of the bill. Foo Fighters headlined after missing 2015 due to Dave Grohl breaking his leg.
Ed Sheeran wowed the Pyramid Stage crowds on the Sunday.
Stormzy became the first grime artist to headline Glastonbury, with a high octane and critically acclaimed performance. He was followed by a return for The Killers - who eclipsed their past appearances - and The Cure.
The Glastonbury headliner line-up that never was after the coronavirus crisis ended hopes of a 2020 festival.
Kendrick Lamar was the last headliner to be announced, following in the footsteps of Stormzy in 2019. Taylor Swift had been set to headline the Sunday night and legendary Beatle Paul McCartney the Saturday night.
But fans never got the chance to hear the trio as Glastonbury's 50th birthday celebration fell by the wayside.
Billie Eilish headlined the Pyramid Stage on Friday night, becoming the youngest ever singer to top the Worthy Farm bill.
Sir Paul McCartney then became the oldest ever Pyramid Stage headliner the day afterwards on Saturday night, before Kendrick Lamar rounded off the festival in style on Sunday.
Arctic Monkeys returned to headline the Pyramid Stage for the third time on the Friday night, before Guns N' Roses made their Glastonbury Festival debut on the Saturday.
Sir Elton John topped the Pyramid Stage bill on Sunday in what was his "final UK show of his last world tour".
Dua Lipa looks set to headline the Pyramid Stage on the Friday of this year's festival. This will be her first appearance at Glastonbury since 2017, and her first headline slot on the infamous main stage.
Coldplay will become the first act to top the Glastonbury bill five times this year, with previous headline performances taking place in 2002, 2005, 2011 and 2016.
SZA will be Sunday's headliner on the Pyramid Stage. The American singer and songwriter makes her debut at the festival and will see the festival off in style.