Despite partying away there last weekend, Glastonbury is now too "woke" and too "political" according to Noel Gallagher.
He's launched a swipe at revellers and the acts but despite the attack, says the festival remains crucial to the country. However, he's not happy with how things have gone in recent years and says it's all about people making statements rather than the music. Noel says stars going big on Palestine’s conflict with Israel lessened his enjoyment and went on to tell Foo Fighters' Dave Grohl to 'wind his f*****g neck in' after he had a pop at Noel for having a less ­successful solo career than his brother and former bandmate Liam.
“Don’t get me wrong, I f*****g love Glastonbury,” Noel said in an interview with The Sun. “I think it’s one of the most important things. about Britain apart from the Premier League but it’s getting a bit woke now, that place, and a bit kind of preachy and a bit virtue-signalling.
"I don’t like it in music, little f***ing idiots waving flags around and making political statements and bands taking the stage and saying, ‘Hey guys, isn’t war ­terrible, yeah? Let’s all boo war. F***k the Tories man,’ and all that." The line-up divided fans this year with SZA's underwhelming closing act drawing plenty of criticism.
Organiser Emily Eavis has already confirmed some major Glastonbury 2025 news after fans were concerned the event would be cancelled. Many thought it was going to be a fallow year in which the festival is paused, giving the land time to replenish. However, organiser Emily has confirmed Glastonbury will be going ahead next year and will take a break in 2026 instead.
Announcing the news, NME magazine posted on Instagram: "It's been confirmed: #Glastonbury will take a break in 2026. But Emily Eavis and the team will be planning an exciting 2025 festival: 'We're already in talks with some acts.'" Speaking to the Glastonbury Free Press, the festival’s resident newspaper, Emily said: “We’re taking a fallow year in 2026 to give the land a rest, and the festival before a fallow year is always a fun one to plan because you almost have to fit two years into one."
Last year's line-up received a much better reaction and rave reviews after Arctic Monkeys closed the Pyramid Stage – their third time topping the bill. Lizzo played immediately before and has joint headline billing on the line-up poster and Sir Elton’s headline slot on Sunday night marked his final UK show of his farewell tour. Saturday night also saw US rockers Guns N’ Roses headline, after the original line-up of Axl Rose, Slash and Duff McKagan reunited in 2015.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.