By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  21:21, 2 March 2024   |  Updated:  02:45, 3 March 2024   
 9
View  comments
Jessie Ware showcased her unique sense of style as she stepped out to the 2024 BRIT Awards on Saturday wearing a shiny floral bat-wing cape.
The Say You Love Me singer, 39, looked sensational as she appeared in a snazzy one-piece cape suit that featured a choker and long flowing sleeves.
She paired her fabulous ensemble with a pair of lace floral tights and a set of black satin stilettoes.
Appearing in high spirits, Jessie flaunted her inner child as she spread her arms out like wings for the cameras.
Showcasing her natural, youthful looks, Jessie opted for a minimal makeup look and a side parted bob.
Jessie Ware showcased her unique sense of style as she stepped out to the 2024 BRIT Awards on Saturday wearing a shiny floral bat-wing cape 
The Say You Love Me singer, 39, looked sensational as she appeared in a snazzy one-piece cape suit that featured a choker and long flowing sleeves
Not to draw attention away from her dress, she kept her accessories to a minimum as she donned a simple pair of silver earrings.
Raye broke records at Saturday night's BRIT Awards, winning six gongs during a star-studded ceremony at London's O2 arena.
The singer/songwriter, 26, scooped the first gong presented on the night, Song of the Year for her hit Escapism ft 070 Shake, shortly before also taking home the R&B Act gong and Best New Artist.
She was in floods of tears as she later accepted Album Of The Year, Artist Of The Year and Songwriter of the Year, bringing her beloved grandmother on stage at one point.
The star now holds the record for the most BRITs won at a single ceremony, a record which previously stood at four, jointly held by Blur (1995), Adele (2016) and Harry Styles (2023). 
She had been nominated seven times – the most ever for a single artist in a year – but couldn’t possibly have won more than she did as she was shortlisted twice for song of the year – for Escapism, which won the title, and for Prada. 
As well as Raye’s huge successes, Dua Lipa won best pop act while Kylie Minogue – who had a massive comeback hit last year with Padam Padam – picked up the global icon award. The night was dominated by female winners, who won gongs in all but four categories.
Dua Lipa picked up the fan-voted Pop Act gong, gushing to her fans: 'I guess for more reasons than one my fans are the reasons why I'm standing here today, so I wanna say a massive thank you to each and every single one of you who have voted for me.' 
She paired her fabulous ensemble with a pair of lace floral tights and a set of black satin stilettoes
Appearing in high spirits, Jessie flaunted her inner child as she spread her arms out like wings for the cameras
Showcasing her natural, youthful looks, Jessie opted for a minimal makeup look and a side parted bob
Not to draw attention away from her dress, she kept her accessories to a minimum as she donned a simple pair of silver earrings
A record 98 artists were up for the new 2024 BRIT award, which has been designed by British visual artist and painter Rachel Jones.
The only men to get accolades were Calvin Harris for dance act; Sheffield quartet Bring Me The Horizon in the alternative/rock category; Casisdead for best hip-hop, grime or rap act; and duo Jungle for group of the year. 
Miley Cyrus was a notable absentee on the night, sending her thanks for her International Song win for her smash hit Flowers in a video message.
'Hello to everybody at the Brits. I wanted to say thank you so much for voting Flowers as the international song of the year, and a special thank you for giving me somewhere to wear this dress, she said, showing off her minuscule gold number.
'It's incredible to win but the real prize is having this incredible song hit around the world. I know this video is a little short but I just wanted it to match my dress.' 
Dua Lipa and Ellie Goulding pulled out all the stops as they led the performances. 
Double nominee Dua, 28, opened the ceremony with her new song Training Season from her upcoming her third studio album. 
The songstress looked incredible in an all leather look while Ellie, 37, stormed the stage just a week after announcing the end of her marriage. 
The evening ended with Dua Lipa presenting Kylie with the Global Icon Award, leading into the Aussie popstar's finale performance.
'Alright I’m just gonna be sobbing with Raye, you did that!' an emotional Kylie said as she took to the stage.
'You did that. Brits, thank you so much. I really tried to think hard about what to say tonight but I knew I couldn’t plan anything and I knew it’d be just about the emotion.'
'For some of you it’s been a lifetime – 36 years and counting of experiences together and the thing that really gets me is the love of music and connection with people … I have friends in this room that I’ve worked with through the years.'
The pop superstar then took to the stage for a medley of her greatest hits including her recent chart smash Padam Padam, Can’t Get You Out Of My Head, Slow and Love At First Sight.
SONG OF THE YEAR - RAYE ft 070 Shake - Escapism
ARTIST OF THE YEAR - RAYE 
ALBUM OF THE YEAR - RAYE, My 21st Century Blues 
GROUP OF THE YEAR - Jungle 
GLOBAL ICON - Kylie Minogue 
DANCE ACT - Calvin Harris 
ALTERNATIVE ROCK - Bring Me The Horizon 
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT - Casisdead
 INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR - Boygenius
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR - Miley Cyrus - Flowers 
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST - SZA 
POP ACT - Dua Lipa 
BEST NEW ARTIST - RAYE 
BRIT RISING STAR - The Last Dinner Party 
R&B ACT - RAYE 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group