Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
A new interview between former labelmates and friends Kendrick Lamar and SZA reveals the larger meaning behind "Not Like Us."
Kendrick Lamar shifted the entirety of the culture via his war of words with Drake, with the diss track “Not Like Us” becoming a top-charting smash in the process. In a new interview with SZA for Harper’s Bazaar, Kendrick Lamar opens up about the larger meaning behind “Not Like Us” and what he hopes listeners truly get from him and his message. 
Employing the “artist interviews artist” strategy that has seemingly enraged a vocal group of journalists, SZA and Kendrick Lamar’s interview session read as a candid conversation between good friends and artistic collaborators.
After an introduction from writer Kaitlyn Greenidge, SZA and Lamar engage in a breezy serve and volley about creativity, reflections of self, and their journeys into the realms of faith. The conversation then turns into SZA asking the question everyone wanted to know but the answer some surprisingly open-ended in some respects.
From Harper’s Bazaar:
S: Can I ask you a hypermasculine question? You can also tell me to shut the f*ck up. What does “Not Like Us” mean to you?
KL: [Laughing] Not like us? Not like us is the energy of who I am, the type of man I represent. Now, if you identify with the man that I represent …
S: Break the man down for me.
KL: This man has morals, he has values, he believes in something, he stands on something. He’s not pandering.
He’s a man who can recognize his mistakes and not be afraid to share the mistakes and can dig deep down into fear-based ideologies or experiences to be able to express them without feeling like he’s less of a man.
If I’m thinking of “Not Like Us,” I’m thinking of me and whoever identifies with that.
The entire conversation is a vital one because Kendrick Lamar isn’t one to hit the interview circuit at this stage of his career and SZA gamely asks questions that a delivered with the care of a friend. There is also a shared vulnerability between the pair that jumps off the page.
Read the whole discussion here.
—
Photo: Getty


Kendrick Lamar Opens Up About “Not Like Us” In New ‘Harper’s Bazaar’ Interview 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



Related Tags


									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									The 30 Hottest Black Men In Hollywood								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.