Glastonbury Festival tickets have sold out in just 35 minutes. 
Fans were left deeply frustrated today as a new queue system was implemented - with many booted out of the queue after being told their registered number had been rejected. 
In a statement, Glasto organisers wrote: "Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now Sold Out. Thanks to everyone who bought one and sorry to those who missed out, on a morning when demand was much higher than supply. There will be a resale of any cancelled or returned tickets in spring 2025."
Unsurprisingly, fans were not happy and let rip on social media, with one fuming: "I never got past 2 bars despite being on since 8am!" While another raged: "this new system utterly sucks." A third wrote: "I would buy into the whole ‘it’s just luck’ thing, if the same people weren’t getting tickets most years."
Last year, the main tickets were gone in less than an hour, after being put on sale at 9am. The first group of 2025 tickets for coach travel went in less than 30 minutes, earlier this week.
Festival organiser Emily Eavis has previously said 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury, to allow the land to rest and recover. However, she is already in talks with acts to headline in 2025 after last year saw two female headliners on the Pyramid Stage, Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday. The 2024 festival also saw Coldplay make history as the first act to headline the festival five times.
Some referred to the Oasis ticket chaos in August, one one pointing out: "After the bin fire that was trying to get Oasis tickets, @seetickets and @glastonbury thought 'hold my beer, we can make this process much, much worse' #Glastonbury."
It comes after fans were left "almost choking" at this year's ticket prices. Despite the lineup not yet being announced, it hasn't stopped droves of music lovers trying their best to bag their spot at the festival from June 25 to 29 next year. Amid the flurry of trying to get tickets, many fans were left stunned at the prices. Those successful this evening had to shell out a hefty £378.50, with a £75 deposit (plus coach fare) due today and the balance payable by April 2025.
Fans took to social media to share their thoughts on the pricing as one said: "Just saw the new price for Glastonbury tickets and almost choked." Another added: "2022 tickets were £280. This is getting ridiculous." Someone else commented: “I expect some legendary performances for the price we’re expected to pay!"
No acts have been announced just yet but this year Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headlined the iconic Pyramid Stage. Changes have been implemented in how people can purchase their Glastonbury tickets this year. Usually fans have to sit refreshing the landing page until they got an opportunity to buy, but this year festival bosses confirmed there is a new booking system which will see fans placed in a virtual queue to wait their turn for a booking window.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTubeand Threads.
Love Glastonbury? From tickets to headliners, get the latest updates direct to your inbox with Worthy Welly