Glastonbury revellers will have a tough choice to make this weekend when a major Euros 2024 game clashes with a certain iconic act. 
The Somerset festival opened its gates on Wednesday to welcome 210,000 music fans through to the epic final day on Sunday, June 30. 
Incredible news for anyone who managed to bag Glasto tickets, Shania Twain will be impressing everyone (much) as she belts out her hits in the coveted Legends slot on Sunday. 
For the latest news and updates on Glastonbury, follow Metro.co.uk’s live blog here
Last year saw an epic first and last performance in the slot, with Rocketman Sir Elton John giving a jaw-dropping set with special guests.
However, this will likely clash with England’s fixture at the Euro 2024 after they won the group C led by Gareth Southgate (despite a disappointing overall performance so far).
Shania, 58, will take to the Pyramid Stage on Sunday at around 5pm, which would coincide with England playing Slovakia. It’s possible that her set will run overtime cutting into the big match, leaving festival-goers with a sticky choice to make. 
The England game will definitely eat into Janelle Monae’s set which is due to take place right after Shania’s performance, between 5:45pm and 6:45pm. 
England’s Euro 2024 journey kicked off on June 16 with a match in Gelsenkirchen against Serbia, before a game against Denmark four days later.
After topping their group, England will move on to the next stage and face the third-place team from groups D, E or F.
In fact, anything other than a third-place finish in their group will mean some sort of Glasto clash is likely. 
Despite English footie fans possibly facing a huge decision, the Canadian country star is feeling upbeat about what will surely be an iconic performance.
She recently told Zoe Ball on her Breakfast Show: ‘I really am so excited. I mean, the best part of it is being able to share it now. It’s just so exciting.
‘It’s been hard to keep it to myself, to be honest. So I’m really glad that this is announced. And I’m just buzzing.
‘There’s like a stamp that comes with this slot and I feel like I’m there, I’ve arrived at this slot. It’s going to be gorgeous, at sunset time, it is stunning. 
‘I’ve watched some of the other performances and I’m already planning what I’m going to wear. You know, all that exciting stuff.’ 
Shania plans on going big with the performance sharing her hopes to arrive on stage riding a horse. 
‘I love horses. I love animals I’m going to see if there’s a horse around, I can borrow,’ she told BBC Breakfast. 
‘I’d love to ride a horse to the stage. I’ll have to find out if it’s allowed.’ 
Along with the You’re Still The One legend, Dua Lipa and SZA will also be making history at this year’s festival, as it marks the first time in Glastonbury’s 54-year history that female acts have taken two of the three headline slots.
Rounding out the festival are names like LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, Cyndi Lauper, Keane, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Olivia Dean and Paloma Faith.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Glastonbury 2024 line-up leaves music fans fuming over one big ‘problem’
Arrow
MORE: Here’s why you should know who on earth Glastonbury headliner SZA is
Arrow
MORE: Avril Lavigne conspiracy theories continue to swirl after announcement of singer’s Glastonbury slot