Pop superstar Kylie Minogue has revealed the full-line up of acts joining her at BST Hyde Park next month.
The singer is set to perform in London on July 13 as part of Hyde Park's series of summer concerts. She hasn't performed at the event since 2015 and was previously announced as having Marina, Anitta and ALTÉGO as her special guests on the night. Now, the full list of artists joining the Australian hitmaker has been confirmed.
Two-time BRIT Award nominee and former X Factor star Ella Henderson will join Kylie next month. She shot to fame with her hit debut single Ghost as has five UK Top 10 tracks under her belt. Musician, writer and drag performer Tom Rasmussen has also been added to the bill.
It comes after the release of their debut album Body Building last year. The Padam Padam hitmaker will also have support from ADMT and Fred Roberts. They join Melbourne-based group Blusher, Say Now and Grace Gachot. When announcing her show back in February, Kylie said: “I can’t wait to return to BST Hyde Park this summer. My last appearance at this iconic event was in 2015 and it was a truly unforgettable experience. So excited to see you all again!”
Other stars headlining the iconic event this summer include Kings Of Leon, Morgan Wallen, Andrea Bocelli Robbie Williams, Shania Twain, Stevie Nicks and Stray Kids. Glastonbury headliner SZA will also headline BST Hyde Park the day before heading to Worthy Farm.
Talking about landing the gig, former Take That star Robbie said: "It’s an honour to be back here to headline BST Hyde Park. I can’t wait to see you all there!" Robbie's performance will come five years after he last headlined BST festival in 2019. Earlier this month, Kylie hinted new music could be on the way as she insisted she's not giving up anytime soon.
In a chat with Grazia magazine, the I Can’t Get You Out of My Head singer hinted: “I’m not ready to hit the pause button just yet.” Kylie, 56, also discussed her recent duet with Madonna, which saw the pop divas cover I Will Survive. She said: “She wanted us to cover I Will Survive for various reasons. She lost her mother to breast cancer and she knows of my history with it, and we have both survived the ups and downs of being a woman in the industry."
The Mirror also exclusively revealed that the Aussie pop star had signed a seven-figure deal to film a fly-on-the-wall Netflix documentary. Filming for the show is expected to start filming towards the end of this year. A source said: “There was a serious bidding war over this. Kylie’s had an incredible life, from starring in Neighbours to becoming a pop icon and still dominating the charts decades later. She has a massive fan-base so there’s no question it will attract a huge audience. That’s why the offers went so high – everyone’s very excited.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.