Do you know someone who deserves the chance to go to one of the world’s most iconic festivals?
This year, as part of our partnership with Glastonbury festival we have 10 pairs of tickets to give away, for free, to worthy winners. Cast your nominations by Sunday 28 April 2024, and you and a friend could be in with a chance of seeing Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA, Shania Twain and many others, at the biggest celebration of the summer.
Simply fill in the form below to nominate someone to win a weekend of arts, culture and music (whatever the weather).
If you are 18 years or over, you can get in touch by filling in the form below. Your responses are secure as the form is encrypted.
We will only use your and your nominee’s information for the purpose of the worthy winners prize draw, including to contact you and your nominee in the event you and your nominee are selected as a winner of the worthy winners prize draw. This will include sharing it with third parties to facilitate prizes to nominee winners. We will delete any information when we no longer require it for this purpose. For more information please see our terms of service and privacy policy.
If you are a winner, someone from our team will be in contact before we announce the winner via email on or before Tuesday 30 April 2024, so please leave your contact details and keep an eye on your emails.
Enter the prize draw
It is important that both parties agree to enter the worthy winners prize draw. This means you need you to ask the other person whether they’re also willing to take part.
By completing the information below you are agreeing to share your details with us, and are confirming that you have the agreement of your nominee to share their details with us.
Terms and conditions:
The Worthy Winners prize draw (the “Prize Draw”) is open to residents of the UK aged 18 and over.
The Prize Draw is not open to employees or agencies of Guardian News & Media Limited (“GNM” or the “Promoter”), their group companies or family members, freelance contributors to GNM, or anyone else connected to the Prize Draw.
Entrants into the Prize Draw shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms and Conditions.
To enter the Prize Draw you must visit www.theguardian.com/worthy-winners and submit your name and email address as well as your nominee’s name and email address. Your nominee must be aged 18 or over, or the nominee’s parent/legal guardian must have provided consent to the nominee’s acceptance of tickets to Glastonbury festival. Information regarding rules for attendance at the festival by under-18s can be found at www.glastonburyfestivals.co.uk/information/tickets/#CHI. No purchase is necessary. If you have any questions about how to enter or otherwise in connection with the Prize Draw, please email us at worthy.winners@guardian.co.uk with “Worthy Winners’” in the subject line.
Only one entry is permitted per person. Each entrant may only nominate one person, and an entrant may not nominate himself/herself. You are responsible for the cost (if any) of sending your Prize Draw entry to us.
GNM accepts no responsibility for entries that are lost, delayed, misdirected or incomplete or cannot be delivered or entered for any technical or other reason. Proof of delivery of the entry is not proof of receipt by GNM.
The Prize Draw opens at 00:01 on Monday 15 March 2024 and closes at 23:59 on Sunday 28 April 2024. Entries received outside this time period will not be considered.
The nominees of the 10 winners will each receive two General Admission Full Weekend tickets for Glastonbury festival 2024. For more information on what is included with these tickets, please see the Glastonbury website at www.glastonburyfestivals.co.uk/information/tickets/. Only one winner per household. GNM accepts no responsibility for any costs associated with the prize that are not expressly included in the prize.
The winners will be selected by way of a random draw from all entries received in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The draw will take place on or after Monday 29 April 2024.
The winners and their nominees will be notified by email on or before Friday 3 May 2024 and given details of how to claim the prize. If a winner/nominee pairing does not respond to GNM within 14 days of being notified of their win, the prize will be forfeited and GNM shall be entitled to select another winner in accordance with the process described above (and that winner/nominee pairing will have to respond to notification of their win within 14 days or else they will also forfeit their prize). If a winner rejects the prize or the entry is invalid or in breach of these terms, the winner’s prize will be forfeited and GNM shall be entitled to select another winner.
The prize tickets will be issued in the name of the nominee and their guest and will be sent to the nominee by post by Wednesday 19 June 2024.
The surname and county of residence of the winning nominee can be obtained after Sunday 2 June 2024 by sending a stamped addressed envelope to the following address: Brand, Readership and Revenue, Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU.
The prizes are non-exchangeable, non-transferable and not redeemable for cash or any other prize.
GNM reserves the right to substitute the prizes with an alternative prize of similar value in the event that the original prize offered is not available.
The winners and their nominees may be required to take part in promotional activity related to the Prize Draw and the winners/nominees shall participate in such activity on the Promoter’s reasonable request. The winners/nominees consent to the use by the Promoter and its related companies, both before and after the closing date of the Prize Draw for an unlimited time, of the winners’/nominees’ voice, image, photograph and name for publicity purposes (in any medium, including still photographs and films, and on the internet, including any websites hosted by the Promoter and its related companies) and in advertising, marketing or promotional material without additional compensation or prior notice and, in entering the Prize Draw, all entrants consent to the same.
The Promoter shall use and take care of any personal information you supply to it as described in its privacy policy, a copy of which can be seen at http://www.theguardian.com/help/privacy-policy, and in accordance with data protection legislation. By entering the Prize Draw, you agree to the collection, retention, usage and distribution of your personal information in order to process and contact you about your Prize Draw entry. The promoter intends to make available the surname and county of residence of the winning nominees as outlined in paragraph 12 above. If your nominee does not wish to have their surname and/or country of residence made available for this purpose then please notify us by no later than 23:59 on Thursday 30 May 2023 by sending an email to worthywinners@guardian.co.uk with “Worthy Winners – data protection request” in the subject line.
GNM accepts no responsibility for any damage, loss, liabilities, injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Prize Draw or accepting the prize. GNM further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other person’s computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with the Prize Draw. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude the liability of GNM under law for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or for death or personal injury resulting from its negligence
GNM reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Prize Draw with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its reasonable control (including, without limitation, in the case of anticipated, suspected or actual fraud). The decision of GNM in all matters relating to the Prize Draw is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
GNM shall not be liable for any failure to comply with its obligations relating to this Prize Draw where the failure is caused by something outside its reasonable control. Such circumstances shall include, but not be limited to, weather conditions, fire, flood, hurricane, strike, industrial dispute, war, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, inevitable accidents, supervening legislation or any other circumstances amounting to force majeure.
The Prize Draw and these Terms and Conditions will be governed by English law and entrants to the Prize Draw submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Promoter: Guardian News & Media Limited, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London, N1 9GU.