GLASTONBURY Festival has unveiled its first area line-up.


  On March 14, the festival revealed the first acts who will perform on the main stages, featuring headliners Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA.


  Now, organisers have shared the bill for the Acoustic Stage, the festival's “home of blues, folk, contemporary and country music”, making it the first full area line-up to be made public.


  The stage will open on Friday and see performances from The Bootleg Beatles, Scouting For Girls, Tanita Tikaram, Dervish, Stornoway, Josh Rouse, Angie McMahon, John Smith and The Burma.


    Our Glastonbury 2024 area & stage announcements begin with the line-up for the Festival’s home of blues, folk, contemporary and country music, the Acoustic Stage! pic.twitter.com/DFDjbECK8L


  There will also be a set from Red Hot Chilli Pipers, a Red Hot Chili Peppers cover band.


  On Saturday, there will be performances by Ocean Colour Scene, Ralph McTell, Russell Crowe's Indoor Garden Party, The Manfreds, Albert Lee, Fun Lovin' Crime Writers, Paul Casey, Jessie Reid, Ryan McMullan and Jada Star.


  The stage will close on Sunday with sets by Gipsy King, Judy Collins, London Community Gospel Choir, Songwriters Arc, Bernard Butler, Michele Stodart, Frankie Archer and Toby Lee.


  A finalist in the Emerging Talent Competition will also take to the stage.


  Glastonbury Festival will be held Worthy Farm in Pilton from Wednesday, June 26 to Sunday, June 30.


  Full line-ups are expected to be published across some of Glastonbury's biggest stages such as Woodsies, Avalon, West Holts, Silver Hayes and The Park.


  The Theatre and Circus Field will also have a host of performers, while activities for children will be unveiled on the Kidzfield poster.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.