Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Widespread acclaim for her two studio albums CTRL and SOS has earned this Brit and Grammy award winner one of the top spots on the list of headline acts performing at this year's Glastonbury Festival in Somerset. SZA will join the likes of Coldplay and Dua Lipa as she takes her rightful position on one of the main stages at the weekend.
The 34-year-old R&B artist will perform on Pyramid Stage on Sunday, June 30. While she has collaborated with many big artists, including Kendrick Lamar, Justin Timberlake, and Cardi B, Doja Cat, Post Malone and DJ Khaled, this American singer songwriter is a talent in her own right and is classed amongst the most successful independent artists of all time.
So if you are checking her out for the first time or a hardcore follower of her work, here's everything you need to know about how to catch her Glastonbury performance. 
READ MORE: 'Biggest mistake' festivalgoers make revealed as outdoors experts unveil Glastonbury Survival Guide
READ MORE: Glastonbury 2024: Sunday line-up, stage times and TV schedule
SZA will perform on the Pyramid Stage from 9.30pm. She will be the last performer on this stage on Sunday, after Burna Boy. Fans will get one hour 15 minutes worth of entertainment from this act. 
The BBC will this year show the five main stages across iPlayer, as well as on BBC One and Two at various points of the weekend. On iPlayer, fans can find continuous live streams from the Pyramid, Other, West Holts, Park and Woodsies stages.
For an indication of which songs she might perform at Glastonbury this year, here is a full setlist from her appearance at the Parque da Cidade do Porto in Portugal on June 6:
When SZA is on the Glastonbury Pyramid Stage from 9.30pm-11.15pm on Sunday, the other main stages will host the following acts:
Other Stage: The National
West Holts Stage - Justice
Woodsies Stage - James Blake
Park Stage - London Grammar 
Avalon Stage - Caity Baiser, followed by The Feeling