Yesterday evening, Emily Eavis shared a post claiming that 99% of tents brought to Glastonbury had been taken home. 
"I’m really glad to be able to let you know that 99% of all tents have been taken home. Thanks to all our amazing Festival-goers for taking part and for all their efforts to love the farm and leave no trace, we appreciate it so much," Eavis claimed on Instagram. "And a huge thank you to the litter pickers and recycling crews. It’s a remarkable clear up operation that’s in place".
Some festivalgoers have been disputing her claim, in the comments section with one person writing: "I'm really sorry but this doesn't feel honest. I left at 5pm Monday & there were tents everywhere & loads of rubbish. These photos are not genuine", and another echoing the statement saying that they left at 4pm, and "there were tents everywhere". 
One person who either was on the clean-up crew, or a festivalgoer who is conscious of the environmental impact of the festival commented: "Not true spent all day Monday collapsing tents we did maybe a thousand. The site was a disgrace. Couldn’t believe the mess."
A post shared by Emily Eavis (@emily_eavis)
Elsewhere in the comments section, people have been leaving messages of frustration about how the festival was run, and expressed concerns over safety and crowd management.
"The whole site was so overcrowded and dangerous in parts. Please choose future artists and headliners based on their ability not their identity," one person said, perhaps in response to the Other Stage being shut down due to overcrowding at Avril Lavigne's set, whilst SZA's headline set didn't draw much of a crowd. 
Tagging Eavis in their comment, one person said: "Need to re design Glastonbury Festival an re-map areas, far too many food stalls taking up room an so many stages/ areas with little use. You need to make stage areas bigger to fit more people book less artists that aren’t really wanted. This year was the best line up @glastofest have ever done by far, but the worst time schedule and organisation I’ve ever seen. They put the wrong artists on the wrong stages. All the most wanted to see acts were playing at the same times, having to choose one out of 5,6 acts to see is tuff. Shutting down stages turning music off and not letting the artist play because too many people in one area what do you expect when you over sell tickets the most must see acts are going to be rammed."
Glastonbury Festival 2024 took place between 26-30 July.
Get the Best Fit take on the week in music direct to your inbox every Friday