Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The legendary vocalist performed an impromptu duet with singer-songwriter Sonyaé.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Celine Dion showed off her beautiful vocals while backstage at the 2024 Grammys Awards on Sunday night.

	Grammy-nominated songwriter Sonyaé shared a video on Instagram with highlights from the night, which included an impromptu duet with the legendary singer, who is battling stiff-person syndrome. 



	The musical moment featured Dion showcasing her angelic voice, while Sonyaé displayed her vocal range and some subtle dance moves. The clip ended with smiles on both women’s faces and Sonyaé jumping up and down with excitement.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Far East Film Festival: Yihui Shao's Feminist Drama 'Her Story' Wins Top Prize		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			








	“Highlights of an ICONIC night So inspired & proud of my girls,” Sonyaé wrote in the video’s caption, which also included clips with SZA, Victoria Monét and more. The Queen of Power Ballads also made a second appearance in the footage, this time singing next to Stevie Wonder.
A post shared by BLÚ (@sonyae)

	Dion made a surprise appearance at the awards ceremony to present album of the year, which went to Taylor Swift for Midnights. It was a special moment for music‘s biggest night, as the singer has faced health struggles in recent years, following her stiff-person syndrome diagnosis in December 2022, and has since canceled her Courage World Tour.

	The iconic singer received a standing ovation from the audience at the Grammys as she walked onto the stage with her song “The Power of Love” playing in the background. “When I say that I’m happy to be here, I really mean it from my heart,” Dion said in her speech. “Those who have been blessed enough to be here at the Grammy Awards must never take for granted the tremendous love and joy that music brings to our lives and to people all around the world.”

	Following the Grammy celebrations, Dion shared some photos from the evening on social media, including pics with stylist Law Roach, Oprah Winfrey and more. She wrote in the caption, “About last night.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.