ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Jung Kook scores his first hit on Billboard's Vinyl Albums chart as his only solo album Golden ... More debuts at No. 11 after being released on the format a year after its original drop.   NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 22: Jung Kook visits SiriusXM at SiriusXM Studios on September 22, 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)
Jung Kook’s music career is on something of a hiatus at the moment, as the singer is currently enlisted in the South Korean military. As he completes his mandatory service, fans of the BTS star continue to listen to the music he made, both on his own and as one-seventh of that beloved band. The most supportive followers aren’t just listening, they’re buying.
Golden, Jung Kook’s only solo album, returns to the Billboard charts this week. The title even manages to debut on a tally that the musician has never reached before on his own.
On this week’s Vinyl Albums chart, Golden launches at No. 11. The set marks Jung Kook’s first appearance on Billboard’s list of the top-selling albums on wax across the U.S. That’s not surprising, considering the fact that he’s only released one set on his own. What is a bit odd is how long it took the project to find its way to this roster.
Golden was first released more than a year ago, in November 2023. The set didn’t become available on vinyl in certain parts of the world until last month. It didn’t go on sale in the Western world until mid-December, when it became the perfect holiday gift for all Jung Kook die-hards.
Jung Kook’s sole release on his own sold another 10,300 copies in the U.S. last week, according to Luminate. The majority of those were likely on vinyl, as there wasn’t any other major reason for audiences to purchase the year-old set.
Golden is the only debut on the Vinyl Albums chart this week, which is odd. Wax records have become a big business in the music world, and nearly every major artist is releasing their work on the format these days, which was once thought to be dead. This should be the busiest time of the year for vinyl drops, but this period is light on launches… but not on strong sellers.
Several titles return to the Vinyl Albums list, as holiday shoppers pick up copies to give as gifts. Daft Punk’s Discovery (No. 9), Kendrick Lamar’s Good Kid, M.A.A.D City (No. 18), Mariah Carey’s Merry Christmas (No. 20), Zach Bryan’s self-titled (No. 22), and SZA’s Ctrl (No. 23) all find their way back to the tally this frame.
Golden also bounds back onto several other tallies as its sales grow exponentially. Jung Kook returns to both the Billboard 200 (No. 109) and the Top Album Sales chart (No. 21) for another turn on those rankings.