Durham's Official Student Newspaper							
“This unique relationship that Festive celebration has with nature suggests a forgotten, perhaps overlooked underbelly of festivities that may have been colonised by the modern Christian narrative.”
Isobel Radford considers the relationship between myth and Christmas in art.
“Flocks of people shiver and fold
Themselves into tiny paper moons”: blooms of warmth break through the cold in El Whetham’s waiting room poem. 
“Food connects us to where we come from, to the people who’ve sat at tables before us.” Aliza Hussain discusses how food can bring us together.
“The time is ripe for treating yourself to a daytrip.” Travel Editor William Alexander suggests three local day trips to give your mind a break.
“It felt as if everyone around me had some sort of advantage when it came to socialising” Waseem Mohamed opens up about his personal experiences and the truth about loneliness at university. 
Food & Drinks Editor Alexandra Shemagina, kofta in hand, explores Egyptian cuisine. 
“Today, artists like Amr Diab, Sherine, and Bayou are staples of the Egyptian music scene, each adding their own distinct style to the country’s sonic landscape.” Music Editor Dana Al-Tajer explores Egyptian artists from the 90s to the present day.
‘Before we declare the clean girl aesthetic dead, another minimalist trend and begun to take over’: Madeleine Grogan explores the internet’s fascination with “Scandi-style”.
Tinned fish is in: Catherine Pienaar explores the surprising potential of this too-often-overlooked kitchen staple. 
Emily Palmer and Katie Trahair-Davies reminisce on the books that reflect their experiences at Durham so far
Copyright © 2025 Palatinate. All rights reserved.

        Welcome to Palatinate’s website. We rely on readers’ generosity to keep producing award-winning journalism and
        provide media training opportunities to our team of more than 100 students.
        Palatinate has produced some of the biggest names in British media, including Jeremy Vine, 
		Sir Harold Evans and George Alagiah.
        Every contribution to Palatinate is an investment into the future of journalism.