Jarvis Cocker, Annie Mac, Idris Elba, Johnny Flynn and Lynks are among the new names for the area 
Glastonbury Festival has announced the 2024 line-up for The Park, including two brand-new venues. Find all the details below.
The legendary Worthy Farm event is due to return next month, boasting headline sets from Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, as well as the likes of Shania Twain, LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz and The National.
Following the initial wave of acts being confirmed in March, organisers have been drip-feeding separate posters for the festival’s many areas and stages – including Left Field, Woodsies, The Glade, the Acoustic Stage, Silver Hayes and The Common.
Today (May 15) Glastonbury has revealed another list of names for The Park, which will be headlined by Fontaines D.C., Peggy Gou and London Grammar – all of whom were announced previously.
The new additions for the stage are Johnny Flynn, Psychedelic Porn Crumpets, Lynks, Moonchild Sanelly, Kara Jackson, Lime Garden, Problem Patterns, and Voice For Soprano performed by Bishi.
They’ll join artists such as King Krule, Orbital, Ghetts, Aurora, Dexys, This Is The Kit, The Breeders, Mount Kimble and Barry Can’t Swim in the area.
It has also been announced that The Park’s much-loved Stonebridge Bar will feature DJ sets from Pulp frontman Jarvis Cocker, Alexis Taylor of Hot Chip, Annie Mac, Groove Armada, Idris Elba, Rudimental (B2B Todd Edwards), Fleetmac Wood and many more.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
Additionally, The Park has introduced two new venues for 2024: The Wishing Well and Scissors. These will replace the Rabbit Hole, which has left the Glastonbury site after 17 years.
The Wishing Well is described as “a place in which to ignite your deepest desires and unfurl your wildest wishes”, adding: “Re-awaken all that inspires you, because at The Wishing Well – where dreams are made – hope springs eternal!”
Scissors, meanwhile, is “an utterly delicious femme-queer venue where anything can (and does!) happen”.
“Head to Scissors for a cut, or just come along to enjoy some of the daily talks, then slip out the back to discover a queer wonderland,” the post continues. “Relax in the beer garden and play pool, or catch a movie in Flick Shack. With nightfall comes a twilight roster filling Kiki’s nightclub, where kaleidoscopic walls will keep you dancing til dawn.”
Sophie Ellis-Bextor is scheduled to host a Q&A session at Scissors, alongside appearances from He.She.They., Ruby Rare, Sam Lee and others. More acts for the stage are due to be announced at a later date.
The Wishing Well and Scissors will join The Park’s existing Stonebridge Bar, Free University Of Glastonbury, HMS Sweet Charity, and Bimble Inn.
Other names confirmed across these venues include Daniel Avery (electroclash set), Erol Alkan, Robin Ince, Shaun Keaveny, Felt Sound System, Beans On Toast, Stornoway and Flamingods.
The Park is also home to the iconic Ribbon Tower, the Crow’s Nest, the Forge, the Humbell Well, the Big Easy Jam and the Spinney. Find more information here, and check out the line-up posters above.
Further area announcements for Glastonbury Festival 2024 are expected in the coming weeks. Visit here for the full line-up and stage splits so far.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
Glasto recently shared details of a new stage dedicated to South Asian talent as part of the Shangri-La area, with Bobby Friction, Anish Kumar, Nabihah Iqbal and Nikki Nair appearing on the bill.
The final batch of tickets for this year’s event sold out in 20 minutes last month. A limited amount of coach/ticket packages were snapped up in 18 minutes three days prior.
Glastonbury co-organiser Emily Eavis had revealed earlier that the festival had seen its “highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever”. “Incredible. Thanks so much everyone,” she added.
In other news, Dua Lipa has said she “manifested” headlining Glastonbury “by album three” early on in her career. Her third studio record, ‘Radical Optimism’, was released on May 3.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.