Virgin Radio
10 Jun 2024, 10:32
Credit: Getty
With this year’s Glastonbury just around the corner, co-organiser Emily Eavis is looking to the future, and has revealed when the festival might next take a year off.
This year’s Glasto returns to Worthy Farm on 26th June, and will see Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA headline, while Shania Twain will fill the coveted legends slot. 
Planning ahead, Eavis has explained that she has a “vague idea” who might headline next year, and has also suggested that there might be a fallow year in 2026. 
------------------------------------
Barry Keoghan stars as bad boy love interest in girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter’s new music video
Taylor Swift HITS OUT in defence of Lady Gaga amidst 'invasive' pregnancy rumours
Liam Gallagher reunites with Oasis star and reveals setlist on Definitely Maybe tour
------------------------------------
Speaking to Annie MacManus and Nick Grimshaw on the BBC's Sidetracked podcast, the festival organiser explained: “We are due a fallow year. The fallow year is important because it gives the land a rest, and it gives the cows a chance to stay out for longer and reclaim their land.
“I think it’s important, I think it gives everybody time to just switch off and the public as well. Then you kind of go away for a bit and it feels lovely when you come back.”
She added: “And I think it’s quite good not to be seen to be cashing in.”
The last time the festival had an official fallow year was in 2018.
Eavis also revealed that her father, Sir Michael Eavis, had planned to pull the plug on the festival back in the 1990s.
The Glastonbury founder started the festival on his Somerset farm back in 1970, and it subsequently became one of the biggest festivals in the world. However, by the 90s, Michael Eavis was up for calling it a day. “My parents were always like, ‘This is the last one',” she said.
“Everyone thought it was some sort of stunt to sell tickets but it wasn’t. They were genuinely like, ‘Well, we probably won’t do another.'”
However, when Michael’s wife, Jean, died in 1999, the festival went from being renewed yearly to a permanent fixture. “My dad was like, ‘Oh, I think I might need the festival now’, because they were going to retire and go on long cruises and things like that.
She added: “My dad was like, ‘Listen, let's keep it going.’”
Glastonbury Festival 2024 will take place at Worthy Farm in Somerset from 26th to 30th June 2024.
Advertisement
Dancing on Ice star Adele Roberts has opened up about how she had early symptoms of bowel cancer...
With the latest series of Strictly Come Dancing having recently come to a conclusion, judge Craig...
Poor Alan Carr. His darling Irish red Setter Bev has passed away after he and ex partner Paul...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit