Sexyy also reunites with her "Rich Baby Daddy" collaborator Drake on the track "U My Everything."  

													By
												

	Heran Mamo


Sexyy Red released her third project In Sexyy We Trust on Friday (May 24) via Open Shift/gamma.

	Her frequent collaborator Tay Keith — who has produced her biggest hits like “Pound Town,” which earned both artists their first Billboard Hot 100 entry with the Nicki Minaj-assisted “Pound Town 2” remix, and Sexyy’s first Hot 100 top 20 hit “Get It Sexyy” — executive produced the EP. “She is just raw. It’s just authentic. She from St. Louis, so it feel like we kind of bonded and started creating music out of having fun. We enjoying the times and s–t. Not just in the studio locked in, we really enjoy ourselves kicking s–t,” he told Billboard in a recent interview. “I feel like when it’s genuine, that’s where the hits came from. We got a genuine brother-sister relationship. I f–k with her heavy. We just continue to keep it going. Every time we get in the studio we make a hit.”

	The 14-track project includes collaborations with Drake (“U My Everything”), Mike WiLL Made-It (“Outside”), VonOff1700 (“Sexyy Love Money”) and Lil Baby (“Lick Me”). Her Drake collab arrives seven months after their two-week Rhythmic Airplay No. 1 hit “Rich Baby Daddy” with SZA from his last album For All the Dogs. She was also one of the openers for his It’s All a Blur Tour. 

	









A post shared by SEXYY RED (@sexyyred)

In Sexyy We Trust arrives a year after her sophomore mixtape, Hood Hottest Princess, which included her standout hits “Pound Town 2” and “SkeeYee.” The set reached No. 62 on the Billboard 200.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Listen to In Sexyy We Trust below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.