IT'S now less than 50 days until Glastonbury Festival returns to Pilton.


  Around 210,000 people will descend on Worthy Farm for the festival, which will be headlined by Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA this year.


  Shania Twaine will also perform on the Pyramid Stage in the coveted Teatime Legends slot, while Lulu will bow out of live touring in the Field of Avalon.


  But with so much going on across the 800-acre site, which includes the Pilton Palais cinema, a Theatre and Circus area and a huge site for kids, it can be hard to know where to start and what to prioritise.


  With that in mind, we asked ChatGPT (an artificial intelligence chatbot developed by OpenAI) for its tips to make the most of Glastonbury Festival.


  Here's what it had to say...


  Glastonbury Festival is a massive event with a lot to offer. Here are some tips to enhance your experience:


  1. Plan Ahead: Glastonbury is huge, and there's a lot to see and do. Look at the line-up and schedule in advance to make a rough plan of what acts you want to see and where they're playing.


  2. Pack Wisely: Be prepared for all types of weather. It can get muddy, so bring waterproof boots or wellies. Also, don't forget sunscreen and hats for sunny days.


  3. Stay Hydrated and Energised: With all the excitement and walking around, it's easy to get dehydrated and tired. Bring a refillable water bottle and snacks to keep your energy up.


  4. Explore Beyond the Music: While the music is the main attraction, Glastonbury offers so much more. Explore the Green Fields, the Healing Fields, and the Circus and Theatre areas for a diverse range of experiences.


  5. Take Breaks: Pace yourself throughout the festival. It's a marathon, not a sprint. Take breaks to rest, recharge and soak in the atmosphere.


  6. Be Open-Minded: Glastonbury attracts people from all walks of life. Embrace the diversity and be open to new experiences and encounters.


  7. Respect the Environment: Glastonbury is committed to being environmentally friendly. Dispose of your waste properly, use the recycling facilities, and consider your environmental impact throughout the festival.


  8. Connect with Others: Strike up conversations with fellow festival-goers. You never know who you might meet or what experiences you might share.


  9. Capture Memories: Take photos and videos to remember your Glastonbury experience, but don't spend the whole time behind your camera or phone screen. Be present in the moment.


  10. Have Fun and Stay Safe: Above all, enjoy yourself and look out for your friends. Stay safe, drink responsibly, and know your limits.


  Glastonbury is a unique and magical experience, so make the most of it and create memories that will last a lifetime!


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.