By
Em Casalena
There are only a few weeks left before this year’s Glastonbury Music Festival kicks off in the United Kingdom, and it’s still slated to be the biggest music event of the year in the UK. Last year’s event boasted over 200,000 festivalgoers, and we can expect the same this year with an even better lineup. 
Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA, and Shania Twain will headline this year with a ton of additional killer acts including LCD Soundsystem, Little SIMZ, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Janelle Monae, Idles, The National, and many more! And we’ll help you get last-minute tickets.
Glastonbury 2024 will begin on Wednesday, June 26 in Pilton, Somerset, United Kingdom at Worthy Farm. The five-day fest will end on Sunday, June 30.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
Getting last-minute tickets to this fest might be tricky, but far from impossible. According to Glastonbury Fest’s website, all tickets have completely sold out, much to the chagrin of fans who didn’t see the full lineup until tickets were gone. 
However, canceled tickets will go on sale again through See Tickets on two different dates: Today, April 18, at 6:00 pm BST for tickets and travel options and Sunday, April 21 at 9:00 am BST for general admission only. This is only available to those who have already registered on Glastonbury’s site, as registration has now closed.
If you don’t have much luck there, keep your eyes on Viagogo or Stubhub. There aren’t any tickets available there at the moment, but some may pop up after resale at See Tickets goes live.
You might just get lucky and score last-minute tickets to Glastonbury if you act now!
Wednesday, June 26 – Pilton, Somerset, UK – Worthy Farm
Thursday, June 27 – Pilton, Somerset, UK – Worthy Farm
Friday, June 28 – Pilton, Somerset, UK – Worthy Farm
Saturday, June 29 – Pilton, Somerset, UK – Worthy Farm
Sunday, June 30 – Pilton, Somerset, UK – Worthy Farm
Photo by Vivien Killilea
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
The Shocking Story of How Ozzy Osbourne Cheated Death in 2003
4 Songs with the Most Iconic Intros in Country Music
Watch Aerosmith’s Steven Tyler and Joe Perry Perform Together for the First Time in Two Years

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand