TICKETS for Glastonbury 2025 have sold out in less than 40 minutes, writes Press Assocation's senior entertainment reporter Charlotte McLaughlin.


  The passes went on sale at 9am, and event organisers said at 9.35am all the tickets were gone.


  Prices are at £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, which is an £18.50 rise from the 2024 cost of £355 plus a £5 booking fee.


  On X, the event said: “Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 have now sold out.


  “Thanks to everyone who bought one and sorry to those who missed out, on a morning when demand was much higher than supply. There will be a resale of any cancelled or returned tickets in spring 2025.”


  Seller See Tickets wrote: “Tickets for @Glastonbury Festival 2025 are now SOLD OUT. Confirmation emails are going out now.


  “Thank you to everyone who bought tickets this morning and sorry to those who missed out.”


  Last year, the main tickets were gone in less than an hour, after being put on sale at 9am.


  The first group of 2025 tickets for coach travel went in less than 30 minutes, earlier this week.


  Festival organiser Emily Eavis has previously said 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury, to allow the land to rest and recover.


  However, she is already in talks with acts to headline in 2025 after last year saw two female headliners on the Pyramid Stage, Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday.


  The 2024 festival also saw Coldplay make history as the first act to headline the festival five times.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.