"To play where legendary artists like Pink Floyd and The Rolling Stones have played is a huge honour for me and my band, and we can’t wait to be back"
BST Hyde Park has announced the first wave of special guests for Morgan Wallen‘s show at the London park later this summer.
The US country singer-songwriter is due to perform at the summer concert series on Thursday, July 4. Riley Green, Ernest and Ella Langley have been announced as the first handful of musicians to serve as opening support for the summer date.
Speaking of the show in a press release, Morgan Wallen said: “Last fall was my first time in the UK and man, I loved it. I saw so much while I was there, and the people were incredible. To play where legendary artists like Pink Floyd and The Rolling Stones have played is a huge honour for me and my band, and we can’t wait to be back.”
Tickets for Wallen’s bill-topping show at BST Hyde Park are available to purchase here.
BST Morgan Wallen poster. Credit: PRESS
The 2024 edition of BST Hyde Park will also host headline sets from SZA, Stevie Nicks, Kings Of Leon, Kylie Minogue, Shania Twain, Stray Kids, Robbie Williams and Andrea Bocelli throughout June and July.
Wallen released his third and most recent studio album, ‘One Thing At A Time’, last March. In November, the Tennessee artist was among the top winners at the 2023 Billboard Music Awards.
He took home the award in 11 categories overall, including Top Male Artist, Top Billboard 200 Album, Top Country Artist, Top Streaming Songs Artist and Top Country Touring Artist. During his acceptance speech, Wallen said: “Last awards show I went to we came home empty-handed and this one I don’t have enough hands for them all.”
In other news, Wallen and Post Malone recently released their collab track ‘I Had Some Help’.  The two premiered the song during Wallen’s headline set at Stagecoach Festival on April 28, when Malone joined him as a guest for the song’s live debut.
Elsewhere, Wallen apologised for throwing a chair off the sixth storey of a rooftop bar in Nashville.
“I didn’t feel right publicly checking in until I made amends with some folks,” he said in a social media post last month. “I’ve touched base with Nashville law enforcement, my family, and the good people at Chief’s. I’m not proud of my behaviour, and I accept responsibility.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.