Halle Berry 's social media upload caught attention from her Instagram followers for all the wrong reasons.
The Hollywood star posed in a lace teddy while barefoot amidst enormous rocks in what seemed to be a desert. While she didn't tag the location, it's believed to be from her trip to the Middle East last month, where she attended the Red Sea International Film Festival 2023 in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.
Fans of the 57-year-old discovered that just centimetres away from her bare feet lay pile of faeces. One wrote: "Am I the only one who sees the poop?" A second typed: "Imagine hiking and coming across this on your way."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Halle Berry all smiles as she shows off chic street style in New York City
A third cheekily added: "Halle is one of the most beautiful people I’ve ever seen, but this is just s***." Another defended the actress, writing: "Why are people looking so hard for the negative in this beautifully calm setting? How do you even know if that's s***??? Anyway... Great pic Ms. Halle."
"Dope Pic , crop the [poop emoji] that’s right in front of you out of this pic tho !!" a fourth chimed in. Halle's upload comes after she appeared in high spirits as the stunning actress showed off her trendy, chic street style while going for a walk near Battery Park in New York City after her recent controversy with Drake after the rapper used an "unflattering" photo of the former model to promote his new single "Slime You Out" featuring rapper SZA.
Halle was left furious when she discovered the 36-year-old rapper used an image of her covered in green slime from the 2012 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for the cover art. After the song was released, Halle took to social media sharing a cryptic message that read: "Sometimes you have to be the bigger guy... even if you're a woman!"
Fans immediately speculated that her post was directed towards Drake as his song was just released the prior day. Fans found further confirmation of her anger after she responded to multiple comments in the post.
Halle responded to one follower: "Didn't get my permission. That's not cool I thought better of him!" and then added to another fan: "Hence my post today. When people you admire disappoint you you have to be the bigger person and move on!" Drake has still yet to respond to the controversy.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.