American Express presents BST Hyde Park is back for another year welcoming huge global popstars through June and July.


  The annual event takes over Hyde Park for just under a month, with previous years welcoming the likes of The Rolling Stones, Taylor Swift, Adele, Billy Joel and many more iconic acts.


  Now, back for another year, the headlining acts for 2024 BST Hyde Park have all been announced and tickets are on sale.


  Like every year, tickets to BST are always in high demand and for many acts sell out in a matter of hours.


  But, if you've yet to get tickets to BST Hyde Park this year, do not panic, as we've rounded up all of the headliners and the shows you can still buy tickets to, at the time of writing.


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  Kicking off the start of BST on Friday, June 28, All Things Orchestral will see a live orchestra experience perfect for everyone. Hosted by Myleene Klass, acts include Esther Abrami and the Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra. 


  Glastonbury headliner SZA will be stepping onto the Great Oak stage on Saturday, June 29. The 'Kill Bill' singer will welcome the likes of Sampha and Snoh Aalegra as special guests.


  Rock band Kings of Leon best known for their hit 'Sex on Fire' will wow BST Hyde Park crowds on Sunday, June 30. The group will also be joined by guests Paolo Nutini, The Vaccines, Gary Clark Jr and many more.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)






A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)


  Country star Morgan Wallen will arrive in Hyde Park on Thursday, July 4 and it will mark the singer's first-ever show as part of BST. Wallen will welcome guests, Riley Green and Ernest.


  Described as one of the finest classical artists of recent times, Andrea Bocelli will perform in Hyde Park on Friday, July 5. Marking the largest outdoor classical concert of the century, Bocelli will be joined by guests Hans Zimmer, Seal and Zucchero and will perform with the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra.


  'Rock DJ' singer Robbie William will return to the Great Oak stage on Saturday, July 6 for a UK-exclusive show. The pop icons' special guests have not been announced yet but are due soon.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)






A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)


  Country megastar Shania Twain will grace Hyde Park on Sunday, July 7 as she performs hits including 'Man I Feel Like a Woman'. Twain will be joined by The Corrs, Anne-Marie, Natalie Imbruglia and Nell Mescal.


  'Edge of Seventeen' singer and rock icon Stevie Nicks will wow crowds on Friday, July 12. The Fleetwood Mac artist will have guests including Brandi Carlile, Paris Paloma, Baby Queen and Nina Nesbitt.


  All round pop icon Kylie Minogue is returning to Hyde Park on Saturday, July 13 signing the likes of  'All the Lovers', 'Padam Padam' and many more. Kylie will be joined by Marina, Anitta and more to be announced.


  Last but not least, closing the 2024 run of BST Hyde Park will be the boy band Stray Kids. The K-pop group will welcome Maisie Peters, Alec Benjamin, Nmixx and more to the stage.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)






A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)


  If you haven't yet got tickets to BST Hyde Park, you're in luck as you can still grab tickets to some shows.


  You can buy tickets via the BST website here.


  Below are all the acts you can still buy tickets to at the time of writing.


  It's important to note that tickets are limited and are likely to sell out for BST Hyde Park 2024.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.