Bonobo, I. Jordan, Joy Orbison, Girls Don't Sync and more are set to appear
Glastonbury‘s dance music area Silver Hayes has announced the lineup of its four stages including Charli XCX, Romy, Kelly Lee Owens, Shygirl and more.
Silver Hayes, which will host four stages across four days, will “unite future-facing design with musical talent” with the field’s first indoor venue.
It will see over 150 artists take to the stage, with the likes of Charli XCX, Romy, Kelly Lee Owens and Shygirl set to make an appearance. They will be joined by acts such as Bonobo, Joy Orbison, I. Jordan, Skream and Benga, Eliza Rose, Girls Don’t Sync, Sammy Virji and Casisdead.
Meanwhile, Fabric, Body Movements, Metalheadz, Foundation FM and more are all set to present takeovers at the festival. Silver Hayes will also see B2B sets from Dr Dubplate and Todd Armada, Groove Armada vs Eats Everything, Jyoty, Lil Silva and Sampha, along with SG Lewis and a secret guest.
Check out all the names set to play at Silver Hayes below:
pic.twitter.com/LhEOU3DYE9
— Glastonbury Festival (@glastonbury) April 29, 2024
This year, Silver Hayes has also establishes a number of non-musical spaces “to create change, combining forward-thinking electronic artists with positive action, debate, technology & design.” They will host ‘The Information’ for dicussion and debate, with “a theme focused around imagination & a positive future.”
There will also be a dedicated artistic space called ‘The Hayes Pavilion’ with a visual arts programme to showcase the UK’s emerging talent for immersive design, and a brand new ‘Room’ for “sound baths, breathwork, guided meditation, yoga and other activities”.
So far, the Worthy Farm festival has unveiled Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA as its Pyramid Stage headliners, while Shania Twain will perform in the legends slot on the Sunday.
The festival also announced a brand new stage dedicated to South Asian talent as part of the Shangri-La area, with Bobby Friction, Anish Kumar, Nabihah Iqbal and Nikki Nair as part of its lineup.
The entire Shangri-La lineup was also revealed recently, with Kneecap, Bob Vylan, Lambrini Girls and more set to feature.
Other stage lineups revealed include news of the artists set to headline the Acoustic Stage, followed by details on those who have joined the Field Of Avalon line-up and artists to appear on the West Holts stage.
In other news, Pet Shop Boys’ Neil Tennant has revealed the “worst moment” of his life at Glastonbury.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.