The three artists shortlisted for the 2025 BRITs Rising Star award have been revealed.
Elmiene, Good Neighbours and Myles Smith have made the final cut for the prize, which has previously gone to The Last Dinner Party, FLO, Sam Fender, Adele and Florence And The Machine. 
The three acts were chosen by a panel of music journalists from the national press, heads of music at major radio and music TV stations, plus songwriters, producers and live bookers.
The award, supported by BBC Radio 1, recognises rising UK artists who are yet to achieve a top 20 album or single by October 31.
Elmiene said: "I’m extremely grateful to be nominated for the Rising Star award. If I could put the feeling of being nominated into words, I would say it’s like being completely satisfied with a meal you bought and then finding out it comes with dessert and a drink. Didn’t know it could get any better."
Good Neighbours commented: "The BRITs have always been a huge dream for both of us growing up. We started Good Neighbours purely for the fun of it, so to be up for an actual BRIT award at this stage in our career is the biggest honour. Thank you."
Myles Smith added: "I’m incredibly honoured to be nominated for the BRITs Rising Star award. Growing up in Luton, I started playing pubs and open mic nights when I was just 12 and music quickly became my way of understanding the world and connecting with others. This recognition feels like a reflection of that journey – the highs, the challenges and the incredible people who’ve supported me along the way. Thank you for seeing me, for listening and for believing in the music. It means the world."
The winner of the Rising Star award will be announced on BBC Radio 1's New Music Show with Jack Saunders at 6pm on December 5.
The 2025 BRIT Awards ceremony will take place at London's O2 arena on March 1.
going global for his gorgeous vocals, @_Elmiene_ has been shortlisted for BRITs Rising Star 🌟

born in Oxford, Elmiene has gone from doing covers online to:

✅ being handpicked to perform by @sza
✅ playing Glastonbury
✅ working with the likes of @stormzy, #SydTheKid and… pic.twitter.com/zRPQc4RbNj
The Brit Awards Upcoming Tour Dates are as follows
Compare & Buy The Brit Awards Tickets at Stereoboard.com.
The Brit Awards Tour Dates
0 upcoming shows