Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury veterans will know that almost every year, there's a secret set announced last minute that surprises festival-goers.
After the full line-up and set times have been revealed, there's always a few slots that read TBA which stands for 'to be announced.' These slots are nicknamed secret sets by fans, as in previous years, huge artists have turned up and played them unexpectedly.
This year, fans are convinced that nineties band Kasabian will be surprising Glastonbury crowds. The speculation comes after William Hill suspended betting on the band appearing at the festival next week.
Other rumoured secret set contenders include Pulp, Kings of Leon, The Killer and Harry Styles. However, Kasabian announced they'd be heading out on tour in July this year.
Many people believe that they could be treating Glastonbury as a warm up, before heading to Edinburgh on the 3rd of July this year. The band , formed back in 1997, xonsists of singer and guitarist Sergio Pizzorno, bassist Chris Edwards, drummer Ian Matthews and guitarist Tim Carter.
Hit songs include Fire, Underdog, Shoot The Runner and Where Did All The Love Go? In 2023, the Foo Fighters turned up in a surprise set slot.
They appeared on the lineup as The Churnups, but many fans noticed that no such band existed. Some then predicted the rock band's appearance after Dave Grohl shared a message on Instagram thanking fans for their support and for 'churning up these emotions together'.
Past years have seen surprise performances from Lady Gaga, The Killers and Franz Ferdinand and more. So it's no surprise that fans expect a big band to take up one of the TBA slots. 
This year, Coldplay, Dua Lip and SZA will be headlining the Pyramid stage. It is both Dua Lipa and SZA's first time headlining the Somerset festival, however, legends Coldplay have performed at the festival four times before.
This year will be the band's first appearance as headlines since 2016, making them the first act to perform as headliners at the festival five times. They also headlined in 2002 (when they apparently replaced The Strokes), 2005, 2011 and 2016. 
The band also played the New Tent in 1999 and The Other Stage in 2000. The gates to Glastonbury Festival 2024 will open at around 8am Wednesday 26 June, with the event running until Sunday 30 June. 
The majority of the live music performances take place between 29 to 30 June, with many of them also shown on TV on BBC and the BBC iPlayer.