Let the planning commence!
Glastonbury Festival has announced its full 2024 line-up including details of stage times. The festival will return to Worthy Farm on the weekend of 28th to 30th June.
Over recent weeks, the festival have been sharing stage-by-stage announcements, including the news that Arcadia’s fire-breathing spider will be replaced by a giant dragonfly, that the Genosys stage will return to Block9, and Glastonbury’s first dedicated South Asian space will open in Shangri-La. Now, organisers have revealed the full 2024 line-up and stage times, featuring a plethora of dance and electronic highlights.
Among the acts set to play The Dragonfly stage across the weekend are Joy Orbison, Shygirl (presents Club Shy), Eric Prydz, Barry Can’t Swim, Fatboy Slim, Amelie Lens, Hot Chip and Andy C. There will also be b2b DJ sets between HAAi and KI/KI, and Hedex and Bou.
Over in Block9, Honey Dijon will headline the Genosys stage on Friday night, followed by performances from Eliza Rose, Honey Dijon, BASHKKA, Demi Riquísimo, SYREETA, NIKS, Ahadadream, Midland, and plenty more across the weekend. Check out the full Block9 line-up here.
Highlights on the legendary Pyramid Stage include LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, SZA and Burna Boy, as well as the newly billed Femi Kuti, who will open the stage on the Saturday from 12-12:45pm.
Elsewhere, the likes of Disclosure, Headie One, Annie Mac and Confidence Man and The Streets — who recently announced a new ‘fabric Presents’ mix — will all be performing on the Other stage across the weekend.
West Holts boasts a similarly stacked bill in 2024, kicking off with Sofia Kourtesis at 11-12pm on Friday, followed by sets from Jessie Ware, Jungle, Nitin Sawhney, Jordan Rakei, Sugababes, and the resurgent Justice throughout Saturday and Sunday.
Over on the Park Stage, electronic big-hitters Orbital, Nia Archives and Peggy Gou will be joined by the likes of Bonobo, Barry Can’t Swim, Mount Kimbie, Ghetts, and more, whilst Woodsies welcomes headliners Jamie XX, James Blake and Gossip, alongside Romy, Kim Gordon, Sampha and Kenya Grace, among others.
In the Glade, Kurupt FM will kick off a huge four days of music on the Thursday from 6-7pm, ahead of sets from Fatboy Slim, CamelPhat, Mall Grab, Daniel Avery, Shy One, Enzo Siragusa, Chris Stussy, Goldie (Live), Carlita, Layla Benitez, LTJ Bukem with MC Lowqui, and more across the week. Faithless — who will be making their return to the live arena this summer following the passing of Maxi Jazz in December 2022 — will also perform in the Glade on Friday night.
Earlier this month, the Shangri-La area also revealed its full line-up, featuring Glastonbury’s first dedicated South Asian space, Arrivals. Described as a “a sensory feast of vivid lights and colours”, the area will host a selection of live music and DJ sets from South Asian artists across the week, including DJ Ritu, Nikki Nair, Angel D’lite, Anish Kumar, Gracie T, Raji Rags, Nabihah Iqbal and more.
Other Shangri-La highlights include takeovers from Risky Roadz, 25 Years of Defected Records, and Sportsbanger on the Nowhere stage, Peace stage sets from Moonchild Sanelly, Kneecap and Das Brass, and the return of the dance music-focused Platform 23 after debuting last year, with performances from the Brighter Days Family, Bianca Oblivion, Blanco, Rosa Pistola and more.
These names join headliners and acts from the pop, rock and indie worlds including Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA, Janelle Monae, Shania Twain and Jessie Ware.
And that barely scratches the surface. See the full line-ups for all the Glastonbury stages and newly announced set times here.
The full line-up for Glastonbury 2024 is here - with set times! Head to https://t.co/LV4LrFYHHl to see it. Plus our official app launches this week! Artwork by @StanleyDonwood pic.twitter.com/riEsu0gnY5