London’s celebrated festival, American Express presents BST Hyde Park, returns this summer with another fantastic series of world-class headliners featuring SZA, Kings of Leon, Morgan Wallen, Andrea Bocelli, Robbie Williams, Shania Twain, Stevie Nicks, Kylie and Stray Kids. Each show will feature a full day of music across three stages; The Great Oak Stage, The Rainbow Stage presented by British Airways and The Birdcage Stage.
Between the weekends, Open House will return this summer for eight days of activities and free entry in the heart of Hyde Park.
Premium Italian beer brand, Peroni Nastro Azzurro will return as the official beer of American Express presents BST Hyde Park 2024 this summer and will be hosting an exclusive series of cocktail masterclasses at The House of Peroni Nastro Azzurro with world-renowned cocktail bar, 69 Colebrooke Row.
The cocktail masterclasses will be delivered by 69 Colebrooke Row mixologists, who will teach guests how to create three Peroni Nastro Azzurro-infused cocktails and explain the inspiration behind each creation, as well as talking through the rich history of the brand. The cocktails include: the Peroni Spritz – a refreshing mix of Italian Amaro, lemon cordial, Italian Aperitif, and Peroni Nastro Azzurro; the Peroni Oyster – a unique combination of Peroni Nastro Azzurro, pepper sauce, Worcestershire Sauce, fish sauce and a tomato yolk, garnished with shallots, celery salt, and oyster leaf, served in an oyster shell; and the Peroni Sbagliato – a charming blend of Sweet Vermouth and Italian Amaro, topped with Peroni Nastro Azzurro and garnished with an orange slice.
The one-hour sessions will take place on the Amalfi-inspired upper mezzanine of The House of Peroni Nastro Azzurro bar from 2nd July to 11th July, with two sittings per evening at 6:15pm-7:15pm and 8pm-9pm.The Masterclasses are free of charge and bookable on a first come, first served basis. Bookings are now live on Eventbrite.
Uros Dezutelj, head bartender at 69 Colebrooke Row, speaks on the exciting partnership: “We’re excited to partner with Peroni Nastro Azzurro and bring our cocktail masterclasses to the heart of Hyde Park this Summer. We’re looking forward to welcoming guests to The House of Peroni Nastro Azzurro and showing how a unique beer-infused serve can elevate any drinking occasion.”
Tickets to The House of Peroni Nastro Azzurro presents a cocktail masterclass with 69 Colebrooke Row are available to book from Eventbrite at:
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/the-house-of-peroni-x-69-colebrooke-row-cocktail-masterclass-tickets-912001299437
Tickets include 3x Peroni-infused cocktails.
Tickets are free of charge and bookable on a first come, first served basis.
Guests must be aged 18 years and over.
Tickets and merchandise are non-transferrable and cannot be sold or exchanged.
WHITE RABBIT is taking on the premium ambient biscuit aisle, with a category-first authentic gluten-free...
Creator of authentic Mexican food, Gran Luchito, is proud to announce that Morrisons will now...
The Glen Grant Single Malt Scotch Whisky announces the release of The Glen Grant 30-Year-Old,...
This Coeliac Awareness Month, BFree is supporting Coeliac UK by donating 40p from every pack...
Nude nails are always in style - but this season, they’re getting a modern update....
Skechers, The Comfort Technology Company™ and a global leader in lifestyle and performance footwear, is...