A GLASTONBURY superfan from Taunton is “delighted” that Coldplay will headline the 2024 edition of the festival after designing an intricate hat inspired by the band.


  Alex McGuire, 47, will mark his 17th year at the Worthy Farm festival in Somerset this summer after going for the first time in 2003.


  For the last five years, he has been creating hats to wear at the festival which he designs around the headline acts.


  Last year, he wore a Sir Elton John-themed cap with colourful rockets and lights.


  This year, he said he took “a risk” by creating a Coldplay-inspired hat, featuring a 3D-printed replica of the Pyramid Stage, Lego characters resembling the four band members, a miniature piano and LED lights.


  There is also a possibility the hat will have its own small smoke machine.


  It was announced today (Thursday) that British rock band Coldplay will headline the festival, which runs from June 26 to 30, along with British singer Dua Lipa, country pop superstar Shania Twain and American singer SZA.


Alex in his Sir Elton John-inspired hat in 2023.  (Image: Alex McGuire/PA Wire)


  After starting preparations for his Coldplay-themed hat in September, months before the first line-up poster was unveiled, Mr McGuire told the PA news agency: “I was delighted, the hat is worth quite a few hours' worth of work.


  “My friend has 3D-printed a replica of the Pyramid Stage and it’s taken him a while to do that.


  “I had people tell me early on it might be Coldplay and I’ve taken a risk with that to get it themed ready for Coldplay.”


  Mr McGuire, a shop assistant at Asda, added that the themed hats take “a couple of hundred hours” to create.


  “I start thinking about them in September, getting the bits together, and now I’ll add bits to it slowly as it gets closer to the festival and as more ideas come into my head,” he said.


  “In terms of the actual work doing the hat, it’s probably a couple of hundred hours, but I do bits here and there and getting all the bits together is more work.”


  He added that this year’s hat will “hopefully” feature a small smoke machine in the form of a remote-controlled vape device, along with battery-powered LED lights which can be solar-charged and wristbands from his previous years at the festival along the top of the cap.


GALLERY: Glastonbury Festival 2023 through a disposable camera


FEATURE: Army of volunteers keep Glastonbury’s impact on local NHS ‘minimal’


EXPLAINED: How many people are expected at Glastonbury Festival?


  “It will be my 17th festival this coming year – I love the place, I love what Emily (Eavis) does and I love the whole camaraderie around the festival,” he said.


  “There’s always such a variety of music, meeting friends.


  “The music is probably secondary to me, it’s about how happy people are generally and the spirit of the place.”


The hat features a 3D-printed replica of the Pyramid Stage.  (Image: Alex McGuire/PA Wire)


  Mr McGuire said he is also looking forward to Dua Lipa and Shania Twain’s headline shows.


  “I’m a fan, I like their tunes and Chris Martin is just an absolute legend as far as the farm is concerned, he is part of Glastonbury,” he said.


  “Dua Lipa will be a great headline set, I imagine, with lots of energy, and I’ll see Shania Twain – it’s great all round.”


Hannah Cottrell, PA


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.