by
The 66th Grammys will definitely go down as ladies’ night, with women winning literally all of the most important awards, including Song of the Year and Album of the Year. But can I shout out to AURN’s own Tye Tribbett, whose album, “All Things New (Live In Orlando),” took home the award for Best Gospel Album? And yep, we hooped it up on the red carpet.
Okay, how is it that America’s most important and precious folk singer Joni Mitchell had to wait until she was 80 years old before being invited to sing at the Grammys? What was up with that? She was fabulous. And then there was the sizzling performance by the night’s most nominated singer, SZA.
Even Tracy Chapman and Billy Joel showed up and showed out after being gone from the business for decades. By the way, Tracy’s “Fast Car” is once again zooming up the charts. The 1988 hit is currently number one on the iTunes list of top songs as a result of that performance last night.
Now, African music has been added as a new category for the Recording Academy. And Nigeria’s Burna Boy oozed charisma as he ran through a medley with rapper 21 Savage and R&B’s Chanteuse Brandy.
The in-memoriam segment, which was 16 minutes long, was one of the most entertaining and heartfelt parts of the show. Stevie Wonder and the late Tony Bennett kicked it off with an actual duet they had recorded earlier. Fantasia Barrino, who auditioned for American Idol with Tina Turner’s “Proud Mary,” closed out the in-memoriam segment with an electrifying spin on the song. And Jay-Z did get a bit political while accepting his Dr. Dre Global Impact Award, as he called out the Academy for not ever giving his wife the Album of the Year.
There were just so many good moments, but you know what? There were a lot of things you did not see, but you can see them right here at @aurnonline and at AURN’s YouTube channel. Because we were backstage and on the red carpet. Check out some of the interviews you probably won’t see anywhere else but right here.
And for all these stories and a whole lot more, don’t forget to follow Tanya Hart on social media @tanyahollywood and @aurnonline.
Click play to hear the Hollywood Live report from Tanya Hart:
American Urban Radio Networks (@aurnonline) • Instagram photos and videos
Stay informed with the latest news from a leading Black-owned & controlled media company.