The "Pressure" singer has us manifesting beach days, PTO, and self-love all 2025.
Source: Arnold Jerocki / Getty
Ari Lennox is spending some of the holiday season living her best life in the Dominican Republic – and we’re here for it! The R&B singer hit us with a sizzling vacay recap on Dec. 31, and every photo has us smiling and ready to book a flight. 
If “glowing and growing” was a person, it would be her. From spa moments to beachside slays and family time, Ari’s island getaway is full of vibes. 
 


					Related Stories
				





Dreamville Fest 2025 | Day 1 (Photos)






Ari Lennox Celebrates 2 Years Of Sobriety






According to to the 33-year-old’s recent carousel post, the singer is in Punta Cana serving looks, body, and a lot of carefree Black girl magic.
RELATED: Ari Lennox’s Sobriety Leads To Social Media Exit
The “Pressure” singer – who has adopted a sober lifestyle and arduous health journey – gave major BAWDY in a cute triangle green and black bikini top and bottoms. She also rocked two gorgeous maxi dresses perfect for the tropics—one yellow crochet and one pink, sheer, and slit to perfection. And because Ari is all about her melanin, her natural beauty and slicked-back bun added to her effortless glow.
“ very special,” she captioned her post.
Ari’s vacay snaps weren’t just about style, however. The carousel included moments with friends and family and the singer posing with a bird and an iguana. Because why not?
Fans flooded the comments with love. “My sista got away to the beach, keep your peace ,” one wrote. Another added, “You look so happy .” 
Even Ari’s celebrity besties noticed too—Solange Knowles called her “so beautiful and gorge and radianttt.” SZA commented, “Perfect.”
Ari’s post felt extra special, considering her recent milestones. She’s been open about her journey to sobriety and self-love, and this vacay felt like a well-deserved moment of rest and celebration. While she’s thoughtful about what she shares on social media, when Ari does post, it’s always a moment.
Her recent IG updates have been all about joy and showing love. From stunting at a Washington Wizards game to turning heads in a red dress, Ari has been stepping into her power—and looking fabulous while doing it.
As we step into 2025, we’re taking notes from Ari Lennox: prioritize self-love, take time for what matters most, and always serve a look while doing it.
 Here’s to more sunny vacays, glowing skin, and carefree vibes like Ari’s.
RELATED
Ari Lennox Celebrates 2 Years Of Sobriety
Ari Lennox Struck A Pose In Bronx And Banco


Ari Lennox – And Her Stunning Bikini Body And Vacay Pics – Just Set The Mood For 2025 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.