Our guide shows you how to livestream all of the major performances from your couch.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Out of all of the music festivals and tours of the summer, Lollapalooza 2024 is one of the most-anticipated of the season. This year is proving to be one of its most epic, with a stellar lineup featuring headliners like SZA, Megan Thee Stallion, Hozier, Blink-182 and Stray Kids who are making their Lolla debut. Attendees will also get to check out a new and improved main stage that’s ditching diesel gas for a hybrid battery powered design.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Last-minute Lollapalooza 2024 tickets are still available, but for fans who aren’t able to travel to Chicago this year, that doesn’t mean you have to miss out on all the action. Hulu is livestreaming the entire music festival starting Thursday (Aug. 1) all the way to Sunday (Aug. 4) giving you an opportunity to watch all the performances from the comfort of your couch.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Keep reading to learn how to watch Lollapalooza 2024 online.

Hulu is the official streaming destination that’ll let you watch Lolla 2024 online at home. The streaming platform has partnered with the music festival and will be providing subscribers with high-quality livestreams of all of the headliners and performers. Now, you can ditch the shakey social media videos and upgrade to a crystal clear experience.

	Hulu subscribers get instant and free access to watch Lolla online — all you need to do is login to your account and you’ll immediately be able to stream Chicago’s music festival. Don’t have a Hulu subscription? New users can score a 30-day free trial when you sign up for the streamer, granting you free access to the Lollapalooza 2024 livestream and more. Once the free trial period is over, you’ll be charged the regular subscription fee based on the package you choose at checkout.

	Hulu has a variety of streaming packages to choose from based on your preferences. The cheapest option is the streamer’s base plan that’s ad-supported and only $7.99 a month. If you’d prefer an ad-free experience you can upgrade to the no-ad plan for $17.99 a month. 

	Students, meantime, can take advantage of Hulu’s Student Deal that gives you the base plan for just $1.99 a month (worth 75% in savings). The deal remains active for as long as you’re a student.

	For even more savings, you can bundle Hulu with Disney+ and ESPN+ for just $14.99 a month and expand your content options further. 

	










	One of the best deals going on right now is a rare 3-day free trial for Hulu + Live TV, which includes the entire Hulu library in addition to more than 95 live TV channels as well as Disney+ and ESPN+ automatically bundled — and for just $77 a month after the free trial ends.

	In addition to being able to livestream Lollapalooza 2024, you’ll also have access to the entire Hulu library including original and exclusive TV series and movies as well as content from ABC and FX the day after it airs on live TV. Programs you can look forward to streaming include Only Murders in the Building, The Bear, Shogun, The Bachelor, The Bachelorette, Abbott Elementary, Poor Things, The Greatest Hits, White Men Can’t Jump, How I Met Your Father, What We Do In the Shadows and Claim to Fame.

	Check below for Hulu’s Lolla 2024 lineup and click here to see Hulu’s full livestreaming schedule.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.