Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Los Angeles welcomes its first Gabriela Hearst, Genny and MB&F shops as South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa debuts new stores from Van Cleef & Arpels, Graff and Byredo.


		By Danielle Directo-Meston, Natalie Alcala 

	January 26, 2024 2:22pm	



	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	Los Angeles’ retail scene has added more style, sparkling stones, scents and home goods. In the last half year or so, a huge wave of new and renovated stores have opened in Southern California as retailers bet big on the West Coast market. The surge has been led by first-ever L.A. stores by such brands as Gabriela Hearst and Italian luxury label Genny and a major renovation by Paul Smith of its Melrose Avenue store (with its iconic pink wall), plus stunning new stores at South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa, California, from the likes of Van Cleef & Arpels, Byredo and Graff. Earlier last year, Banana Republic’s first standalone BR Home boutique landed on Melrose Avenue, not far from fine fragrance label Trudon’s first-ever store in LA. Fine jeweler Jean Dousset — the great-great-grandson of Louis Cartier — brings lab-grown diamonds to West Hollywood with his first boutique, while Hollywood-loved jewelry atelier Roseark unveiled its newly-remodeled 5,000-square-foot space that now houses international jewelers and home decor. Below, keep reading for more of the best new stores to open in Southern California:

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	Founded in 1932 by former ski champion Willy Bogner and his wife, Bogner unveils its 2,500-square-foot L.A. flagship, filled with Alpine-inspired outerwear and innovative touches, including video content on a digital billboard facing both inside the store and on Sunset Strip. 8500 Sunset Blvd., bogner.com


	Paul Smith has redesigned its hot pink paradise, drawing inspiration from Charles and Ray Eames’ iconic Case Study House #8. The remodel includes sculptural shelving, a blend of custom and vintage furniture, and multipurpose spaces, including a lounge-like tailoring area and VIP fitting room. Don’t worry, the iconic pink wall is here to stay. 8221 Melrose Ave., paulsmith.com

	LVMH-backed lifestyle brand Madhappy reveals its West Hollywood flagship, designed in partnership with LA-based creative studio PlayLab, Inc., and features cult-favorite apparel as well as a café with daily offerings from a range of culinary partners, including Jon & Vinny’s and Beverly Hills Juice. 8609 Melrose Ave., madhappy.com

	Danish fine jewelry designer Fie Isolde brings her unisex and sustainable adornments worn by Kim Kardashian, Katy Perry and SZA to West Hollywood by way of a stunning by-appointment-only showroom. 953 N Sycamore Ave., fieisolde.com











	Gabriela Hearst celebrated her Beverly Hills flagship with a dazzling in-store cocktail reception, where guests including Laura Dern, Maria Sharapova, Dree Hemingway, and St. Vincent marveled at the boutique’s unique interior design and full range of men’s and women’s ready-to-wear collections. The exclusive afterparty over at Beverly Wilshire Hotel featured a special DJ set by Mike D of the Beastie Boys. 9500 Wilshire Blvd., gabrielahearst.com

	High jewelry house Graff launched its new salon at South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa, where shoppers can experience the rare diamond collections and unique pieces that the brand has been known for since 1960. The space also features Graff’s fragrance collection as well as a handcrafted chandelier that is inspired by the intricate facets of a diamond. 3333 Bristol St., graff.com

	Leading high jewelry Maison since 1906, Van Cleef & Arpels debuts its newly relocated boutique at South Coast Plaza with a remarkable 4,200 square-foot space. Featuring a standout Art Deco style façade, two large display rooms, five salons, five curated libraries, a bridal salon and a private Poetic Salon, each room offers an enchanting atmosphere and experience with the Maison’s signature collections. 3333 Bristol St., vancleefarpels.com

	Another South Coast Plaza win is the new Byredo flagship store, which features minimalist cherry wood paneled walls with aluminum-framed cabinets. The sleek space hosts the brand’s bestselling perfumes and home fragrances, as well as makeup and body care products. 3333 Bristol St., byredo.com











	Milan-based smart luxury brand Eleventy debuts its Beverly Hills flagship designed by Italian architecture studio Parisotto + Formenton Architetti, offering a two-story boutique filled with custom furniture and monochrome materials alongside the brand’s apparel, footwear, accessories, home items, and fragrances. “We are honored to open our new store in Beverly Hills and invest in this incredibly vibrant city,” says Marco Baldassari, Eleventy founder and creative director. Los Angeles has long been an inspiration for me where dramatic natural beauty meets the world of entertainment and dreams.” 9546 Brighton Way, eleventy.com

	To mark the 10-year anniversary of Sara Cavazza Facchini’s creative direction at Genny, the Italian fashion brand unveiled its new Beverly Hills flagship with a toast attended by Kate Beckinsale, Jaden Smith and more. The store features a sophisticated yet spirited design featuring Genny’s signature white hues and soirée-ready womenswear. “The city of Los Angeles is a context akin to the Genny brand as a glamour identity and a constant desire for internationality,” shares Facchini. “I felt the desire for a constant presence in California, a true Embassy of the Maison, capable of representing overseas the key concepts that give life to the world of Genny in order to bring me closer to the brand’s many fans on the West Coast.” 9536 Brighton Way, genny.com

Grown Brilliance, a lab-grown diamond pioneer, has just opened its new retail store located in the Melrose Place shopping enclave. Worn recently by celebs including Christina Ricci, J. Smith-Cameron and Tina Fey, Grown Brilliance’s new shop, designed in rich green and orange hues, offers an ethical and sustainable alternative for customers with a gorgeous selection of everything from high jewelry and custom options to tennis necklaces and wedding bands. 8483 Melrose Place, grownbrilliance.com











	Lulus debuts its 6,000-square-foot flagship store on Melrose, with each floor featuring Instagram-worthy design touches (don’t miss the disco ball mirror) and an elevated shopping experience that showcases the retailer’s popular apparel, accessories and footwear. This location will also debut a by-appointment-only Lulus bridal boutique, which will feature accessibly-priced bridal and bridesmaids’ gowns. 8303 Melrose Ave., lulus.com 

	La Ligne’s signature stripes-adorned styles have landed at Marin Country Mart for its first West Coast boutique, offering timeless, seasonal and in-store exclusive collections to North Bay shoppers. 1013 Larkspur Landing Cir., lalignenyc.com

	High-end Italian kitchen brand Arclinea has teamed up with Diva Group to unveil a new 3,000-square-foot mono-brand showroom in the West Hollywood Design District, showcasing four stylish kitchen environments that encapsulate the Arclinea aesthetic. 146 N. Robertson Blvd., arclinea.com

	After closing its Santa Monica doors seven years ago, iconic Los Angeles multi-brand retailer Fred Segal returns to the Westside in a new location. 1533 Montana Ave., fredsegal.com

	Swiss luxury watchmaker MB&F (Maximilian Büsser and Friends) brings its futuristic point-of-view to Rodeo Drive for its first MB&F LAB in the United States. The space is part gallery, part concept store and part boutique, and features the brand’s unique timepieces, creative clocks, music boxes and a curated selection of mechanical and kinetic artworks. 216 N Rodeo Dr., mbandf.com











	The luxury watchmaker has just bowed its newly renovated Beverly Hills flagship on Rodeo Drive, debuting an inviting space to explore new timepieces. The two-floor loft-inspired boutique, which opened with a party attended by Simu Liu and Aaron Paul, features two lounges as well as a spot for creating individualized Portugieser 3716 watches, where customers can choose among dial colors, case metals and straps. IWC has also installed what it cleverly calls a “watch spa” inside, where customers can see their timepieces get cleaned and have their accuracy and water-resistance tested. 329 N. Rodeo Drive, Beverly Hills, iwc.com

	The jeweler, who designed Paris Hilton’s engagement ring, showcases his designs featuring lab-grown diamonds. 607 N. La Cienega Blvd., jeandousset.com

	High jeweler Bulgari has opened a new 2,960-square-foot at Topanga Westfield, inside the shopping mecca’s new luxury wing. The Rome-inspired store features Black Grand Antique marble framing the entrance with other design details including marble flooring, Venetian silk upholstered walls and Pavone chandeliers by famed architect Gio Ponti. Look for some of the luxury maker’s iconic pieces such as its Serpenti necklaces and thin-profile Octo Finissimo watches. Bulgari joins the recently opened Hermes store in Topanga Westfield’s luxury area (which replaced a former Sears store). 600 Topanga Canyon Boulevard, Canoga Park, bulgari.com











	Melding laid-back Cali style and European sophistication, the clothing brand has opened its second L.A. store in Beverly Hills. 371 N. Beverly Drive, lagence.com

	The French candle and fragrance brand’s new store in West Hollywood spotlights a new collaboration with tea master Yu Hui Tseng. 8443 Melrose Ave., trudon.com

	Founded by husband-and-wife team Rick and Kayla Rose, the fine jewelry brand’s remodeled and expanded West Hollywood atelier showcases international designers and home goods. 1111 N. Crescent Heights Blvd., roseark.com

	Featuring a futuristic façade based on architectural designer Stefano Casati’s AI-meets-midcentury concept, Banana Republic’s first standalone BR Home store houses furniture, bedding and decor alongside complimentary interior styling and design services. 8552 Melrose Ave., brhome.com

	Byredo brings its cult-favorite home fragrances and beauty collections to Rick Caruso-owned Americana at Brand and The Grove shopping centers. 889 Americana Way and 189 The Grove Dr., byredo.com

A version of this story first appeared in the Sept. 20 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. Click here to subscribe.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.