AllHipHop
AllHipHop
SZA and JAY-Z gotta link up now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
ScHoolboy Q and his Top Dawg Entertainment record label family are particularly excited about the West Coast rapper’s recent link up with JAY-Z.
On Monday (February 26), TDE label president Punch and ScHoolboy Q shared flicks of their recent encounter with Hov, during which the “Man Of The Year” rapper played the Roc Nation boss his new album. According to the post Punch shared on Instagram commemorating the occasion, Q has been manifesting this opportunity for weeks while in the midst of the rollout of upcoming album, Blue Lips. Along with the photo op, Punch shared a screenshot of one of Q’s tweets from earlier this month in which he remarked how badly he wanted to play the project for HOV.
“Played Q album for a couple good fellas,” Punch wrote in the caption of the post. “Blue Lips is out March 1. Ps I’m never wearing hard pants again. Hammer was in to something.”
A post shared by Punch (@iamstillpunch)
Along with Q, TDE artists such as SZA and Isaiah Rashad also reacted to the post in the comments section shortly after the flick went live.
“This is Sexism I ain’t never played a LICK for Jigga y’all look niiiiice or whatever,” SZA wrote in a comment before Q remarked, “Bro, punted me into throwing up the Hoova—I was trying to be professional.”
West Coast rap veteran E-40 also chimed in the comments, toasting to both Hov and Q with a few champagne and top hat emojis in a comment.
In celebration of the 10-year anniversary of the release of his album Oxymoron, Q hosted an intimate listening session for his upcoming project at the El Rey Theater in Los Angeles on February 29. Additionally, Q has been releasing singles and previews of the project throughout the course of there last month, in anticipation of the March 1 release. 
Check out Q’s recent visual single below.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity