They'll be supported by 90s alt revivalists Fleshwater
Deftones have announced a last-minute club gig ahead of their appearance at Lollapalooza on Saturday (August 3).
The American band will be playing tomorrow (August 1) at Metro in Chicago, with support from Fleshwater.
Tickets, which went live through the venue’s ticket provider, were limited to only two per person and have already sold out.
A post shared by Deftones (@deftones)
Deftones are one of the hundreds of acts who will be performing at Lollapalooza in Chicago, joining the likes of Blink-182, Hozier, SZA, and The Killers.
The festival will take place this weekend (August 1-4) at Grant Park. Future and Metro Boomin are among the headline performers on Saturday, the same day that Deftones are playing.
Last month Tyler, The Creator pulled out of his headline slot and was replaced by Megan Thee Stallion. 
Tyler, The Creator tweeted: “I made a commitment that I can no longer keep, and that bums me out knowing how excited folks were. That is not sexy at all. please please forgive me or call me names when you see me in person. love.”
A post shared by Lollapalooza (@lollapalooza)
In other Deftones news, they have announced the line-up for their annual Dia De Los Deftones festival, which is taking place at Petco Park in San Diego, California on Saturday, November 2.
This year the festival welcomes IDLES, Sunny Day Real Estate, HEALTH and more to join them for a day of music across two stages.
Elsewhere, last month a study found Deftones are the most popular metal band to listen to during sex.
The study, carried out by ZipHealth, found that 47 per cent of respondents said that they regularly listen to music during sex, and Deftones were found to be one of the most popular choices.
They were the only band from a hard rock or metal category to be featured in the Top 10 overall acts. Others who topped the list included Kendrick Lamar, Drake and Lana Del Rey.
Ahead of Lollapalooza 2024, check out every one of the festival’s line-up posters since 1991.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.