Thunderstorms. High 82F. Winds ENE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%..
                                
Rain ending early. Remaining cloudy. Low 77F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 70%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 1:07 pm
Jay-Z’s Made In America festival canceled again
Jay-Z’s annual Made in America festival, held in Philadelphia over Labor Day weekend, has been canceled for the second year in a row.
The festival announced the cancellation on social media and its official website Wednesday. A specific reason was not outlined, and a representative for Made in America referred questions back to the statement.
“As purveyors of change, the Made In America executive production team is reimagining a live music experience that affirms our love and dedication to music and the work we do. We promise an exciting return to the festival,” the statement read, without providing a timeline for the festival’s return.
A lineup had not yet been announced.
“Since its inception, this groundbreaking festival has celebrated music and community — from creating a space for fans to connect, to uplifting local small businesses and shining a light on important causes. It has strived for accessibility, eliminating barriers through affordable tickets and location,” Wednesday’s statement said.
In August 2023, a month before the festival was scheduled to take place on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway with Lizzo and SZA as the headliners, Made in America announced the festival would not happen “due to severe circumstances outside of production control,” according to a statement then.
“This decision has been difficult and has not been made lightly nor without immense deliberation,” the organizers said in 2023. At the time, they said they were looking forward to returning the following year.
Tilman Michael becomes chorus director at Met
Tilman Michael will become chorus director of the Metropolitan Opera next season following the retirement of Donald Palumbo after 17 years as chorus master.
Michael, 49, was chorus master at the National Theater in Mannheim, Germany, then has held the same job at Oper Frankfurt since 2014-15. He spent 10 years assisting the chorus master at the annual Richard Wagner Festival in Bayreuth.
Michael worked with Met music director Yannick Nézet-Séguin in 2019 during performances of Shostakovich’s 13th symphony with the Rotterdam Philharmonic and the choir of the Bavarian Radio Symphony Orchestra. Nézet-Séguin and Thomas Lausmann, the Met’s director of music administration, approached Michael for the job last year.
Lausmann attended a performance of Verdi’s “Don Carlo” in Frankfurt and Michael traveled to the Met to listen to the chorus in Verdi’s “La Forza del Destino” and Puccini’s “Turandot.” His hiring was announced Tuesday.
“The Metropolitan Opera House is a special house and one of the most important opera houses in the world,” Michael said. “Of course, New York is a very, very, interesting and vibrant city which offered I think many opportunities.”
The orchestra and chorus are central elements of the company, which presents up to seven performances of four works in any week and 18 operas during a season. The chorus has 74 regular members plus 85 extra choristers.
Michael spent a day working with the Met chorus, as did other candidates, Met general manager Peter Gelb said.
Walter’s ‘Little Mercy’ wins prestigious poetry award
Robin Walter’s “Little Mercy,” a debut collection of verse that celebrates the natural world, has won the 2024 Academy of American Poets’ First Book Award.
Walter will receive $5,000 and a six-week residency in Umbria, Italy. Her book will be published next year by Graywolf Press, an independent publisher whose authors have included Maggie Smith, Elizabeth Alexander and former U.S. poet laureate Tracy K. Smith. The academy itself plans to purchase thousands of copies and distribute them to members.
Walter’s book was chosen by fellow poet Victoria Chang, who in a statement Wednesday called her work “melodious and wise.”
“The beautiful and meditative poems in ‘Little Mercy’ are painterly, showcasing a perceptive speaker with a keen eye,” Chang wrote. “These poems quietly and gently ask us to look at all the natural beauty and cruelty (but mostly beauty) we face each day, every minute, every second of our strange time on this earth.”
The academy established the first book award in 1975.
— The Associated Press
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.