By KELSI KARRULI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  12:01, 29 May 2024   |  Updated:  13:31, 29 May 2024   
 51
View  comments
Three years ago, popular influencer Miranda Derrick joined forces with a company known as a 7M Films to become a TikTok dance sensation. 
However, just 12 months after becoming an internet star, all while getting increasingly entangled in 7M's inner circle, her fame took a very sinister turn when her family released a harrowing video in which they claimed that Miranda was being held against her will by a cult-like church that was masquerading as a management company. 
In the tearful clip, they explained that the popular internet star had joined forces with 7M Films in the hopes of becoming a famous dancer in January 2021 - alleging that they later found out the management firm had ties to a Christian sect run by controversial pastor Robert Israel Shinn.
The video sparked a fiery debate between Miranda's millions of followers as the estranged family began to throw wild allegations at each other over social media - claiming that they had not spoken to the influencer in over a year.
That viral frenzy has now reached fever pitch after streaming giant Netflix launched its own expose on 7M, laying bare the truth about Miranda's involvement - while also airing a series of shocking allegations made by former members of the group in a new docuseries, Dancing for the Devil: The 7M TikTok Cult.  
Three years ago, popular influencer Miranda Derrick joined forces with a company known as a 7M Films to become a star in the dance world
However, just a year later, her family (seen) sent 7M Films and the prominent twirlers who were apart of it for a spin by sharing a harrowing video
Now, an upcoming three-part show, entitled Dancing for the Devil: The 7M TikTok Cult, is going to lift a lid on what really goes on in 7M Films
7M is run by  by controversial pastor Robert Israel Shinn (seen)
It set out to 'expose' some of the 'diabolical tactics' used by organizations like 7M 'to exert control over people' - as well as the 'lengths families will go to keep their loved ones safe.'
The trailer for the new docuseries, which premiered on May 29, began with a segment from the video Miranda's family shared in 2022.
A different woman explained in the teaser that men and women would leave their families and travel to LA in the hopes of pursuing their dreams of becoming dancers, but would then get 'wrapped up in things that weren't fair to them.' 
She claimed that the dancers were told to 'cut off your family because you need to work on yourself.' 
A slew of former members claimed that the management company had 'isolated', 'brainwashed' and created an 'unsafe' environment. 
And while allegations were being pirouetted across social media, Miranda, the dancer who started it all, remained tight-lipped. Until, she seemed to have had enough and furiously called out her parents online. 
Following the release of the shocking three-part docuseries, FEMAIL has taken a closer look at how Miranda ended up at the company and if she is really being brainwashed by a religious cult posing as a management company?
The 27-year-old had amassed an overwhelming amount of followers by sharing her day-to-day life and her impressive dancing skills on social media
The 27-year-old had amassed an overwhelming amount of followers by sharing her day-to-day life and her impressive dancing skills on social media. 
She and her sister, Melanie Wilking, often showcased their routines online as they began their entertainment careers as a dancing duo, 
The Michigan-based sisters posted videos of the latest TikTok trends and gained more than 3million followers after shooting to social media stardom in 2020.
By 2021, their dancing videos had taken off and the two began stunning viewers with their moves. 
Miranda specifically caught the attention of Robert Shinn, who owned TikTok management company 7M films. 
And soon enough, Miranda she and her family believed her hard work had paid off when she became a member of 7M Films. 
Months later, Miranda packed up her Michigan lifestyle and moved to California with her now-husband, James.
However, her picture-perfect life soon took a dark turn when her parents claimed they had been isolated from her, causing a whirlwind of rumors to grip the LA entertainment world.
James Derrick made his first appearance on Miranda's Instagram account in April 2021, three months after her family claims she cut ties with them, starring in a dance video with her in which they performed to SZA hit, Kiss Me More. 
The video racked up a whopping 12,317 likes and hundreds of comments from adoring fans. 
Then, just four months later, on August 9, the pair announced on the social media platform that they were engaged, with James sharing a gushing post announcing the news. 
'She said YES!' he wrote alongside an image of the pair posing together - with Miranda proudly showcasing her ring. 
'@mirandawilking I love you so much and I’m so honored to be on this journey with you. I remember the first time you hugged me. The best way to describe it is magical (it sounds cliché) but truly in that moment I knew you were the love of my life and you would be my wife one day. I would always say to you "I know" and you would say "What are you talking about?"
James Derrick made his first appearance on Miranda's Instagram account in April 2021, three months after her family claims she cut ties with them (seen together in November 2021) 
'My response was "You’ll see." Here we are! You bring such joy to my life and you inspire me to grow and be better every day. I am so thankful God brought us together and I can’t wait for what’s next for us. Miranda, I love you so much and will cherish you for the rest of my life.'
He signed off the post 'Your husband James Derrick'. 
Miranda shared her own happy message on her account, writing: 'I said YES! Words cannot explain how overwhelmed with joy I am. James, you are more than anything I’ve ever dreamed of and I am so incredibly excited that we get to spend our lives together. 
'I remember the first day we met, I fell in love with you and just could not picture spending any of my days without you. It’s as if our love story was already written into the fabric of my life. 
'You are my best friend, my confidant, my teammate and partner. You have continually proven to be such an incredible man inside and out and I love you so much. I am looking forward to watching our journey continue to unfold. Forever my love.'
In September 2021, the pair sparked furious speculation that they had tied the knot when Miranda posted a video of herself and James dancing in Las Vegas, in which she was wearing a white dress. 
She captioned the video: 'What happens in Vegas...' although the couple did not confirm that they were officially married.  
Fear struck in January 2022, after Melanie and her parents, Kelly and Dean Wilking, (shown) claimed that they had not been able to speak to Miranda since January 2021
The tearful video featured her family expressing their concern over their dancing daughter's safety
Fear struck in January 2022, after Melanie and her parents, Kelly and Dean Wilking, claimed that they had not been able to speak to Miranda since January 2021 after she refused to go to her grandfather's funeral in a now-viral Instagram video.
The tearful video featured her family expressing their concern over their dancing daughter's safety. 
'Whatever she's involved in she has some kind of control over her that's making her afraid. Prior to her being involved in this religious group, we'd never had an argument,' her mother said. 
They said that Miranda left their family to join the company, which is run by Shinn - the pastor of Shekinah Church, which they claimed is connected to a bizarre sect of Christianity known as the Seven Mountain Mandate, according to Gawker.
However, at the time, a representative for 7M films and Shinn attacked the family for the cult allegations, branding them 'pathetic' in a strongly worded statement.
'The false and sensational allegations about 7M stem directly from a dispute between 7M-represented dancer Miranda Derrick and her estranged family,' a representative told DailyMail.com.
'Despite her family's claims, Miranda is a successful businesswoman and a loving wife and daughter who cares very much about her family. It is pathetic and contemptible to try to turn her private family matters into a tawdry public scandal for clicks and clout.'
They said that Miranda left their family to join the company, which is run by Shinn - the pastor of Shekinah Church, which they claimed is connected to a bizarre sect
The rep for 7M also told DailyMail.com that there is zero connection between 7M Films and the Seven Mountain Mandate and that the company neither believes in nor promotes the mandate.
Miranda's family have long believed the company targets dancers like Miranda.
'They are not in control of their lives - someone else is controlling their lives and they're all victims of this,' the Wilkings said of 7M's clients.
'It's been haunting us for over a year now. It's definitely been the hardest year of my life.
'You don't need to cut us off. Life is going on and there are so many exciting things going on,' Melanie added.
In the trailer for the Netflix docuseries, the family was also seen expressing their concerns about their daughter and 7M. 
In the trailer for the Netflix docuseries, the family was also seen expressing their concerns about their daughter and 7M (Miranda and her husband seen in 2023)
'Today is my sister's birthday. We're not allowed to contact her, and we're blocked on absolutely everything,' her sister, Melanie, explained as she broke down in tears.
'We have two daughters, we don't just have one,' her mom added between sobs.
'When all you see is a shell of your daughter...,' Miranda's mom Kelly trailed off as she started to cry. 'I don't know who this person is.' 
Melanie also said that she was recruited by the church alongside Miranda but not welcomed back after missing a service.
In the video, Melanie claims Miranda has 'no control over her social media' and that the church has control over Miranda's finances. 
In response to the video at the time, representatives for 7M told DailyMail.com that there is zero connection between 7M Films and the mandate
Gawker reported after Miranda's family first posted their video that 7M Films had ties to a church called Shekinah Church and a sect of Christianity known as the Seven Mountain Mandate.
Followers of the mandate believe they must rid education, religion, family, business, government, entertainment, and media of demons and witchcraft.
The principles are followed by several Christians, including prominent Donald Trump-affiliated pastor Paula White.
In response to the video at the time, representatives for 7M told DailyMail.com that there is zero connection between 7M Films and the mandate, and that the company neither believes in nor promotes the mandate.
'The false and sensational allegations about 7M stem directly from a dispute between 7M-represented dancer Miranda Derrick and her estranged family,' a spokesperson said.
'Despite her family's claims, Miranda is a successful businesswoman and a loving wife and daughter who cares very much about her family.
'It is pathetic and contemptible to try to turn her private family matters into a tawdry public scandal for clicks and clout.
'The false and sensational allegations about 7M stem directly from a dispute between 7M-represented dancer Miranda Derrick and her estranged family,' a spokesperson said
'While the recent portrayals of Dr. Robert Shinn and 7M Films have been wildly offensive and riddled with inaccuracies, those false claims will not deter 7M from supporting Miranda in whichever endeavors she chooses to pursue next,' they added.
Shinn has been sued in the past by former member Lydia Chung, who in 2009 claimed that Shinn had taken her from her family, brainwashed her and defrauded her out of almost $4million, allegedly sent straight to Shinn through church which does not pay taxes.
A judge ruled in Shinn's favor in May 2011, but Chung remains insistent that Shinn is running something sinister.
'This is a cult,' she said. 'This totally ruins people. You hear about the people who went to Vietnam - going through such a trauma, many people cannot function as a normal human being - this is what it does.'
'While the recent portrayals of Dr. Robert Shinn and 7M Films have been wildly offensive and riddled with inaccuracies, those false claims will not deter 7M from supporting Miranda in whichever endeavors she chooses to pursue next,' they added.
Following her family's claims, Miranda and James issued scathing responses on Instagram
In 2022, Miranda (seen with her sisters) said that Melanie had kicked her out of their joint TikTok account and had cut off ties with her family because they called the cops on James 
Following her family's claims, Miranda and James issued scathing responses on Instagram. 
In 2022, Miranda said that Melanie had kicked her out of their joint TikTok account and had cut off ties with her family because they called the cops on James, who is black, when she moved in with him.
She said: 'To everyone who has reached out asking if I'm ok and involved if I'm involved in a religious cult, thank you so much for your concern, but I am not involved in a religious cult.'
The dancer claimed that the other members of the dancing group had been speaking with their families - adding that Miranda had personally chosen to cut off communication with them.  
'I can speak for James and our friends who are in 7M that they DO speak to their families (so what you guys have heard about 7M dancers not speaking to their families is a complete lie),' she wrote. 'It's just a unique situation with my family.'
James - who is a well-known dancer and also a member of 7M - argued in his own posts that the family doesn't like him because he's a 'black man from Compton' who is divorced with a son, had no car and was living in a rented room.
Miranda said Melanie kicked her out of their shared TikTok account and stopped speaking to her family because she said they called the cops once on James when she moved in with him
He credited 7M with leading to his own personal success and insisted that it's not a church but a 'secular for-profit company run by people who have faith in God.'
The family has refuted any claims of disliking James for reasons of race, noting that Miranda's sister Melanie is herself dating a black man.
Miranda previously told The Cut: 'I am not held against my will and I’ve never been a hostage. I go to church and I have faith in God. If one day I wish to pursue my faith elsewhere, I will and feel completely free to do that. As far as my career, my time at 7M Films has been one of the most exciting years ever and if one day I wish to partner with a different management company or start my own company, I will.  
'No one is forcing me to do anything. I am excited to move forward in this incredible walk with God, an amazing marriage and exciting career. I’m also looking forward to moving past all of this and mend my relationship with my family privately.' 
Miranda has yet to comment about the  Netflix docuseries or give an update about her relationship with her family. 
However, in 2023, Miranda took an Instagram to share a photo of herself alongside her sisters celebrating Christmas.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group