Drake performs during Lil Baby's Birthday Party at State Farm Arena on Saturday, Dec. 9, 2022, in Atlanta. (Photo by Paul R. Giunta/Invision/AP)Paul R. Giunta/Invision/AP
Canadian rapper Drake has canceled his upcoming concert in Birmingham, as well as several other stops on his “It’s All A Blur – Big As The What?” tour, sparking confusion from fans.
Drake was scheduled to perform at Legacy Arena at the BJCC on Wednesday, March 27. But Ticketmaster recently marked the show as canceled, along with final performances in Memphis and Denver.
After postponing several concerts in the summer and fall, the singer finally kicked off his tour in February and was slated to conclude performances in early April. The Birmingham show is now scrubbed from the official tour website.
So far, Drake has not publicly given a reason for the changes, and neither his representatives or Ticketmaster responded to questions from AL.com. The BJCC declined to comment on the cancellation.
Tickets for the Birmingham show went on sale in November, ranging from $89 to $400. An email from Ticketmaster notified ticket holders that refunds or credits would be processed within 30 days.
Drake is touring on his eighth studio album “For All the Dogs,” released Oct. 6, 2023, via OVO Sound and Republic Records. The record features guest appearances by 21 Savage, J. Cole, Yeat, SZA, PartyNextDoor, Teezo Touchdown, Chief Keef, Bad Bunny, Sexyy Red, and Lil Yachty. It contained the singles “Slime You Out”, “8AM in Charlotte”, and “Rich Baby Daddy”
J.Cole was scheduled to appear alongside Drake throughout most of the tour, except for the Birmingham concert and three others.
Other Drake albums include “Thank Me Later” (2010), “Take Care” (2011), “Nothing Was the Same” (2013), “Views” (2016), “Scorpion” (2018), “Certified Lover Boy” (2021) and “Honestly, Nevermind” (2022).
Drake is one of the most popular and best-selling artists in the world, with more than 170 million records sold. He’s a 5-time Grammy-winner and has also scored six American Music Awards, 34 Billboard Music Awards, among many others. He has also had 13 number one songs on the Billboard Hot 100.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices