GLASTONBURY Festival's iconic Pyramid Stage will be headlined by two female artists for the first time in 2024, organisers have today revealed.


  The festival returns to Worthy Farm, Pilton, on Wednesday, June 26.


  Dua Lipa will take to the main stage on Friday night, and SZA will bring the curtain down on the festival when she headlines on Sunday.


  And country pop superstar Shania Twain will fill the coveted teatime legends slot.


  They were announced in the festival's first line-up poster alongside Coldplay, who will make history as the first five-time Pyramid Stage headliners on Saturday.


  Dua Lipa has played Glastonbury Festival once before, when she performed to a packed John Peel stage (renamed Woodsies last year).


  Earlier this week, she teased Radical Optimism, her first album in four years with hits including Houdini and Training Season, set to arrive on May 3.


  She also won the best pop act award at the Brits earlier this month.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by DUA LIPA (@dualipa)






A post shared by DUA LIPA (@dualipa)


  Writing on Instagram, she said: “Friday night Pyramid Stage headline!!!!  I have dreamt of this moment all my life.


  “Something that lived only in my wildest dreams and highest manifestations!!!


  “I am so excited to see you all in my favourite place on earth and make it a night to remember!!


  “Thank you Emily Eavis. Glasto 4Ever.”


  Canadian singer Twain, known for hits including Man! I Feel Like A Woman!, You’re Still The One and That Don’t Impress Me Much, will perform on Sunday afternoon.


  The five-time Grammy award-winner has sold more than 100 million records, making her one of the most successful musicians of all time.


    Here is the first Glastonbury Festival 2024 line-up poster. Many more acts and attractions still to be announced.
    Tickets for this year's Festival are sold out, but our prize draw for 20 pairs is raising emergency funds to support people affected by conflict, at… pic.twitter.com/1NhUYmghuE


  She told Radio 2’s The Zoe Ball Breakfast Show: “I really am so excited. I mean, the best part of it is being able to share it now. It’s just so exciting.


  “It’s been hard to keep it to myself, to be honest. So I’m really glad that this is announced. And I’m just buzzing.


  “There’s like a stamp that comes with this slot and I feel like I’m there, I’ve arrived at this slot.


  “It’s going to be gorgeous, at sunset time, it is stunning.


  “I’ve watched some of the other performances and I’m already planning what I’m going to wear. You know, all that exciting stuff.”


Glastonbury co-organiser Emily Eavis had previously revealed she had booked a major female artist for the slot.


  Other big names taking to the Pyramid Stage include US rock band LCD Soundsystem, British rapper Little Simz, Nigerian singer Burna Boy, 80s chart-topper singer Cyndi Lauper and British soul star Olivia Dean.


  And Ms Eavis says festival-goers can expect more names to be released very soon.


  She wrote on Instagram: “I'm so happy to be able to bring you the final shortlist of artists for Glastonbury 2024.


  “There is even more to come over the coming weeks, when we will be bringing you the full line ups for each area.”


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.