Entering your señora era is not a phase; it’s a lifestyle all Latinx mothers and grandmothers have gone through. Some symptoms include blasting Musica Mexicana at 8:00 a.m. on a Saturday or drinking a little cafecito beside the window while your neighbors argue. If you notice yourself picking up some of your mother’s or grandmother’s habits in your adult life, you are officially entering your señora era, and here are some albums to include in your cleaning playlist. 
Shakira has released a new album titled Las Mujeres Ya No Lloran, which translates to “Woman No Longer Cry,” following the release of “El Dorado” seven years ago. This album exemplifies the strength and power women have, even when they have always been portrayed in the male gaze as ‘sensitive.’ In this album, though, Shakira mainly highlights her feelings throughout her breakup with footballer Gerard Pique. Some of her most powerful verbiage is portrayed in the song “El Jefe,” which talks about the working class and their struggles with their wealthy employers. “Punteria” is a pop song featuring rapper Cardi B, and “Cohete” is a classical duet love song featuring singer Rauw Alejandro. Many Latinx folk grew up listening to Shakira, and the new album brings feelings of nostalgia and comfort to many. 
Kali Uchis, in recent years, has proven time and time again that no matter what language she sings in, she creates hit after hit. Following her 2020 album Sin Miedo, which features songs “Telepatia” and “Fue Mejor” featuring SZA, Uchis seems to be taking more of a Latin approach to her songwriting compared to her earlier releases. Uchis’ new album features prominent Latin artists Peso Pluma, KAROL G, and more. Uchis’ versatility in music brings a whole new group of listeners to the genre. “Munkeita,” featuring El Alfa and JT, creates a Dominican Dembow ensemble entirely new to what Uchis is used to. Give it a listen!
Your señora era playlist cannot be complete without some sort of Classical Latin Music. With the release of his latest album, Cantares, Darviin creates an atmosphere of calmness, with his vocals serenading you into bliss. The album starts with the track “Bésame,” which translates to “Kiss Me.” The song is a smooth bachata, guided by Darviin’s vocals, describing the kiss. “Mis Flores” is another love song ballad that uses harp-like sounds, and classical guitar makes for a perfect melody to listen to with a cafecito during a hazy morning. This is one album you are definitely gonna wanna add to your playlist, especially during spring cleanings. 
Chiquis is the daughter of the “Queen of Banda,” which is what her mother, Jenni Rivera, is known for even after her death, with such a long-lasting impact on women in the Regional Mexican music scene. Chiquis carries her mother’s legacy by dominating the industry with her ballads of heartbreak and loss. With the release of her latest album, Diamantes VVS1, Chiquis picks up on the style of banda that her mother sang to. “Amor Propio” and “De lo que Me Salvé” are reminiscent of a broken heart and moving on from what was lost. Jenni Rivera was an artist most Mexican mothers would listen to during the early 2000s, and it’s nostalgic to see her daughter carry on her legacy with similar music. If you love Jenni Rivera, Chiquis’ music is something you would also very much enjoy. 
Chicano Batman is one of the pioneers of indie/alternative Chicanx music. As they navigate life as the first generation in an unknown land, Chicano Batman sings their hearts out for all those reminiscent of their native tongues and lands. What differentiates this album from their previous releases is how Chicano Batman tries to evoke feelings throughout each song, with every track being versatile and different; the band seems not to want to be constricted to more than one genre in their music. This is demonstrated in the sounds of “El Primavera” and “Lei La.”. Chicano Batman is known for being more psychedelic funk, which they have entirely mastered through Brando Martinez‘s falsetto vocals. Overall, the whole album elicits feelings that are up to the listener to describe. Chicano Batman is always a good one to be included in any Latinx playlist.
Read more top five album roundups of 2024:
Top Five Albums of 2024 To Speed Run the Stages of Grief
Top Five Albums of 2024 That Give Cowgirls the Blues
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR  WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
SLUG Mag is one of Utah’s longest-running and most experienced independent magazines. Since 1989, SLUG has given a voice to Utah’s community and continues to expand its coverage in both print and digital media.