Radio X




                
                    Dan Gasser
                
                

4pm - 7pm


Heart Shaped Box

                        

    
    Nirvana
    

                    

Download 'Heart Shaped Box' on iTunes



Festivals


                        
                            Glastonbury Festival 2025
                            



26 April 2024, 12:00

        
            By Jenny Mensah
        
    
The Glastonbury founder made the comments when he was knighted by Princess Anne during a ceremony at Windsor Castle this week.
Michael Eavis said that King Charles III once attended Glastonbury and joked Prince Harry "jumped the fence".
The founder of the world famous festival was made Knight Bachelor by Princess Anne during an investiture ceremony at Windsor Castle this Tuesday (23rd April) and he made the startling comment while he was speaking with the royal. 
As reported by the Daily Mail, the 88-year-old said at the ceremony: "The King came once, Prince Charles. And Harry - I think he jumped the fence I should think."
"I've got spies everywhere," he chuckled, when asked how he knew. "No, I've got security all over the place actually."
"He enjoyed it," he went on: "Prince Charles enjoyed it as well actually."
The 88-year-old, whose full name is Athelstan Joseph Michael Eavis, has been recognised for his services to charity and music.
His Knighthood is now added to his CBE, which he received back in 2007.
Previously speaking in an interview published on the official Glastonbury website , Eavis remarked that his late mother would finally be happy with the upgrade, recalling: "When I got the CBE in 2007, I went and told my mother, who was 95 at the time. And she just said, 'Oh that’s a pity, I thought you would have got a K!'"
Quizzed on how he was feeling about the prospect of being called Sir Michael, he replied: "Well, when I was a boy, I did rather like all the King Arthur stories. With Sir Lancelot and everyone. That was always very fun to me!"
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
This year's Glastonbury Festival takes place from 26th - 30th June with Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA set to headline the Friday, Saturday and Sunday night respectively.
Shania Twain will play the coveted Sunday Legend's slot, with the likes of LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey and Michael Kiwanuka also set for performances on the Pyramid Stage.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
IDLES, Disclosure and The National will headline The Other Stage, with The Streets, Avril Lavigne, Two Door Cinema Club and more among those confirmed.
The festival is now officially sold out after the April resales took place last week, with both coach and general admission tickets selling out in under 20 minutes.
Glastonbury festival tickets sell out in less than an hour