By 

	Emily Zemler


Glastonbury Festival has revealed its 2024 lineup and Dua Lipa, Coldplay, and SZA have topped the bill. The British music festival will also feature Shania Twain in the coveted “legend slot” on Sunday afternoon. The lineup also includes LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Idles, The National, and Jessie Ware. 

	Coldplay will become the first act to headline Glastonbury’s Pyramid stage five times, and boy band Seventeen will become the first K-pop group to perform on the stage. Dua Lipa previously played Glastonbury in 2017, while SZA has never performed at the festival before. More acts will be announced in the coming weeks. 

	Twain told the BBC that she was “over the moon” to be part of the bill. “Everyone always talks about it being the pinnacle of festival slots,” Twain said. “The only advice everyone gives me is to bring my wellies.” She added, “I’m doing the hits — the songs that everybody knows and the versions that everybody knows. It’s just going to be a big sing-along party.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	







Here is the first Glastonbury Festival 2024 line-up poster. Many more acts and attractions still to be announced.Tickets for this year's Festival are sold out, but our prize draw for 20 pairs is raising emergency funds to support people affected by conflict, at… pic.twitter.com/1NhUYmghuE

	Glastonbury is set to take place June 26-30 at Worthy Farm in Pilton, England. Tickets for the festival are already sold out, however U.K.-based fans can enter a prize draw for 20 pairs of tickets. Proceeds from the prize draw will be donated to the British Red Cross, Oxfam, and War Child, which are working in areas of conflict delivering humanitarian support. 

	Last year, Elton John took the Sunday evening slot as part of his farewell tour. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.