Legendary web show Hot Ones has been sold by Buzzfeed for an eye-watering amount.
The show, hosted by fan favourite Sean Evans is to leave the Buzzfeed family and start its own independent journey on YouTube as it continues to enjoy huge success. The show's premise involves famous faces chatting with Sean as they tuck into chicken wings that get gradually hotter.
Being hosted on Buzzfeed's food channel First We Feast, the show has already amassed an impressive repertoire of Hollywood stars. Among those who have graced the Hot Ones studio are Jennifer Lawrence, Rosalía and SZA.
READ MORE: Hot Ones host 'dating' Mormon turned adult site star who’s a fan of ‘quickie’ sex
READ MORE: Melissa Stratton claims Hot Ones host ex Sean Evans dumped her over her adult career
Now, the show is set for some major changes as the studio behind the hit programme is being sold for an astonishing $82.5million. The channel has been snapped up by a group of investors looking to diversify the channel's output and give more control to host Sean.
The investors are made up of the founder of First We Feast Chris Schonberger and host Sean Evans, together with podcast company Crooked Media. The group also features Mythical Entertainment - a production company created by fellow YouTubers Rhett & Link - as well as the investment firm Soros Fund Management, headed by multi-billionaire George Soros.
The iconic web show first hit our screens in 2015 and since then has racked up over 14million subscribers, as people are desperate to watch celebrities tuck into chicken wings. The channel also boasts an amazing 4billion views as of 2024, as viewers flock to the channel for their original content.
Sean - known for his "deeply researched questions" - has already picked the brains of a variety of different stars. The likes of Gordon Ramsay, Tom Holland, David Beckham and Jimmy Fallon have all tested their spice levels as they answer some of the biggest questions about their career.
Plans for the show have already been stepped up after it was revealed that Netflix were looking at producing long-form versions of Hot Ones for the streaming giant. However, these ideas have stalled over time, and negotiations have since been mothballed.
Speaking about the sale, founder Chris welcomed the deal with open arms as he revealed their plans for the channel going forward. "Today’s announcement marks an exciting new chapter in First We Feast’s history," he declared in a statement.
"Being part of this incredible journey has been one of the greatest joys of my life," he added. "Our proven expertise in developing compelling formats, iconic IP, and best-in-class interviews makes us uniquely positioned to build on the brand’s momentum and supercharge our growth."
Similarly, host Sean said he was thrilled to be following the channel as it sets up show under new management. "As we approach the 10th anniversary of ‘Hot Ones’ next season, I’m constantly amazed by the passion and loyalty of our fans, who have made this journey so special," he said. "Not only is ‘Hot Ones’ a hit show, but it’s an experience — a cultural touchpoint that audiences want to be a part of, whether they’re watching, tasting the sauces, or sharing in the challenge with friends."
For more of the latest showbiz and TV news from the Daily Star, make sure you sign up for one of our newsletters here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.