Music enthusiasts from all over the country will be flocking to Glastonbury in Somerset to attend one of the most highly-anticipated music events of the year. Glastonbury Festival will host a huge number of diverse artists giving something for everyone's musical taste.
This year's headliners include Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, with Shania Twain gracing the Sunday afternoon legend slot. In addition to the top-tier music performances, the festival also boasts a wide array of stalls and activities.
With Glastonbury Festival set to open its gates this week, on Wednesday, June 26, all beauty lovers need to have all their essentials ready for the epic week of music celebration. Luckily with Boots £10 Tuesday, you can grab all the products you need at an affordable price.
READ MORE Glastonbury Festival 2024: When and where festival traffic will be its busiest on M5 and A303
READ MORE Newton Faulkner announced as new Glastonbury Festival headliner
Boots is offering big discounts every week on skincare, premium beauty and health with a set price of £10. The sale starts between 12 am and 2 am on Tuesday mornings with over 70 products, however, we compiled a list of the best products you need for Glastonbury on offer.
Maybelline Lash Sensational Sky High Mascara (Was: £12.99 | Now: £10)
This Maybelline mascara is a cult classic as it delivers full volume and a limitless-length look. Don't miss out on grabbing the new colours, blue mist and burgundy haze which is also on offer to make blue or hazel eyes stand out more and create a bold new look.
L’Oréal Paris Elvive Bond Repair Leave-In Serum 150ml (Was: £15.99 | Now: £10)
Festival goers who will not have access to wash their hair may worry about how it will look. Beauty lovers who want to maintain healthy and shiny hair, especially on the go, this leave-in serum is perfect for your three-night camping trip.
L'Oreal Paris Semi-Permanent Eye Brow Tint 30ml (Was: £13.99 | Now: £10)
Want to wake up looking flawless? Grab this L'Oreal Paris Semi-Permanent Eye Brow Tint 30ml which offers a semi-permanent 5-week brow tint solution in just 5 minutes.
No7 HydraLuminous+ Whipped Day Cream 50ml (Was: £17.95 | Now: £10)
With the weather heating up this week, your skin will need better hydration. Delivering 72 hours of hydration, this moisturiser locks in deep hydration for a healthy-looking glow.
Garnier Ambre Solaire Natural Bronzer Self-Tan Face Drops 30ml (Was: £16.00 | Now: £10)
Garnier's new Natural Bronzer Self-Tan Face Drops give you a tailor-made glow and a gradual, natural-looking tan. According to Boots, you should mix with your moisturiser to build your tan: 1-4 drops =sun-kissed tan, 4-8 drops = golden tan, and 8-12 drops = bronze tan.
Gem Teeth Whitening Pen PAP Crisp Mint (Was: £16.00 | Now: £10)
 Are you looking for brighter and whiter teeth? Gem teeth have made a mighty pen that brightens teeth gently and effectively. Twist the bottom of the pen until the liquid rises to the tip then apply to your teeth avoiding your tongue and gums. Leave for 10 minutes, then rinse with water. 
NYX Fat Oil Lip Drip My Main Bundle (Was: £15.98 | Now: £10)
If you're looking for plump juicy lips then NYX Fat Oil Drip is the product you need. According to Boots, this product promises Fat shine and Fat Protection giving you 12-hr hydration, comfortable wear, and a non-sticky texture with a high-shine finish.
Discover more products for £10 at Boots here.