NEW YORK, NEW YORK – SEPTEMBER 13: A$AP Rocky and Rihanna attend The 2021 Met Gala Celebrating In America: A Lexicon Of Fashion at Metropolitan Museum of Art on September 13, 2021 in New York City. 
Rihanna is working hard in the studio, according to A$AP Rocky. In a video shared on X (formerly known as Twitter), the "Fashion Killa" rapper was seen with a fan who asked about RiRi's long-awaited album, which fans dubbed R9.
"She’s working on it!" A$AP says, smiling and walking away. The fans began screaming with excitement over the news.
The last time Rihanna gave us an update on the album was last February when she and A$AP posed for British Vogue with their son RZA. In the cover story, the "Diamonds" singer teased that she would drop an album in 2023, which didn't happen. However, she did give insight into her feelings towards creating new music. She praised Anti, which dropped in 2016 and was nominated for eight GRAMMYs, as her "most brilliant album."
"I didn't realize it. But it always felt like the most cohesive album I've ever made," she said.
Despite not getting a GRAMMY for the project, but many fans feel that it's Rihanna's best album to date.
She added, "... But there's this pressure that I put on myself. That if [then next album is] not better than that then it is not even worth it."
While we are still awaiting a full project from Rihanna, she did release two songs in 2022: "Born Again" and "Lift Me Up." Both songs were on the Black Panther: Wakanda Forever soundtrack and the latter was nominated for an Oscar for Best Original Song. Rihanna, Tems, and Black Panther director Ryan Coogler wrote the song. It was also nominated this year for Best Song Written for Visual Media at the 2024 GRAMMYs. She performed "Lift Me Up" at the 2023 Oscars.
Fans were able to get a taste of the old Rihanna when she  performed her greatest hits at the Super Bowl LVII. She also revealed her second pregnancy with A$AP Rocky. They welcomed their son Riot Rose in August.
Music hasn't been Rihanna's main focus over the past few years as she took on business ventures that have been successful, such as her makeup and skincare lines Fenty Beauty and Fenty Skin, lingerie line Savage X Fenty, and she even returned to Puma as a creative director to bring back her Creeper Phatty collection. Rihanna hit billionaire status in 2022.
Original Published Date: 12/22/23
Updated: 1/17/24
2023 gave us albums from Drake, Nicki Minaj, Lil Uzi Vert, Young Thug, and more. However, there are a couple of artists who we want to see full-length projects from that haven't had a new release in a while.
J. Cole has had the best run of features in hip-hop this year by far. While he has been keeping his friends satisfied with his guest appearances, we would be doing a disservice to Cole fans if we said that they didn't want a project from him. In 2023, he has been on songs with Drake, Nicki Minaj, Summer Walker, Burna Boy, and more.
"I’m thinkin’ about ya, I heard you just had you another lil baby/ Congratulations, I hope you got through it with no complications/ I find it amazing, the way that you juggle your kids, the biz, the fame, the bitches that’s hatin’/ They sit around waiting for you to fall off like the album I’m making," he raps on "To Summer From Cole."
Cole's manager Ibrahim Hamad hinted at The Fall Off back in February. When Dreamville's official account asked what album would fans like to see the North Carolina rapper perform in its entirety, Hamad answered The Fall Off.
The Fall Off was originally announced in 2018 on social media and is expected to be J. Cole's last studio album before he drops the mic for good. Before The Fall Off is to be released, Cole has a lineup of projects that will eventually lead to the last album. He's dubbed these projects "The Fall Off Era." In that list of projects, he has already completed and released The Off-Season, which dropped in 2021. That same year, he spoke to Slam Magazine about how he came up with The Fall Off concept and retiring from rap.
"I’m never going to say, 'Oh, this is my last album,'" Cole said at the time. "Because I never know how I’m going to feel two years, three years, four years down the line, ten years down the line, but please believe, I’m doing all this work for a reason."
Take a look at some artists that might drop a new project in 2024:
Usher is set to release 'Coming Home,' his ninth studio album, on February 11, 2024, the day he plays the Super Bowl Halftime Show. He has already released "Good Good," which features 21 Savage and Summer Walker. This marks Usher’s first new album since 2016’s 'Hard II Love.'
Kanye and Ty Dolla $ign's album 'Vultures' is set to release on February 9. Ye's last album release was his 2022 'Donda 2', which is only available through Stem Player. Ty's last album 'Featured Ty Dolla $ign,' which was released in 2020. The new album is the first time the two created a full-length project together.
Kid Cudi released 'Insano' on January 12, 2024. His last album was his 2022  'Entergalactic' which shares the same title as his debut Netflix show.  Prior to 'Entergalactic' he released 'Man On The Moon III: The Chosen' in 2020.
Fans have been waiting for Lil Wayne to release 'Tha Carter VI.' He told People in November that he would release 'Tha Carter VI' "if not December, then the top of the year." He just released 'Welcome 2 Collegrove,' a collab project with 2 Chainz in November.  An official release date for  'Tha Carter VI' has not been announced at this time.
DJ Khaled announced in August that he had his album 'Til Next Time' in the works. He released the lead single, "Supposed To Be Loved," featuring Lil Baby, Future, and Lil Uzi Vert alongside the announcement. The Miami producer's last album 'God Did' (2022) earned him five Grammy nominations.
21 Savage has been teasing an album in the last weeks of 2023. He announced at his U.K. concert in December 2023 that he would be releasing an album "soon." "My album finna drop," 21 told the crowd. "So, y'all get ready." He dropped 'American Dream' on January 12.
It's been five years since Cardi B dropped her debut LP 'Invasion of Privacy.' She teased the album throughout 2023, but there has not been an official announcement on when her sophomore project will arrive. The 'Invasion of Privacy' won Best Rap Album at the 61st Annual Grammy Awards, and she was the first woman to win the award as a solo artist.
J. Cole had the best feature run of 2023, but we're still waiting on an album. There were some hints dropped in 2023, such as him rapping that he is working on 'The Fall Off' on Sumer Walker's "To Summer, From Cole (audio hug)." He is also going on the road with Drake in 2024, so hopefully, he will drop a project before then, or fans will get lucky, and the two will drop a joint project.
Megan The Stallion previously stated that she was taking a break from music amid Tory Lanez's conviction for the 2020 shooting. However, Megan hopped on Cardi's "Bongos" and Renée Rapp's "Not My Fault," along with her only solo song of the year, "Cobra."  Megan said that her next album will be independent, as "Cobra" was the start of a new era for the rapper so we hope the LP is released sometime in 2024.
Many thought that Rihanna would drop an album in 2023, and there was some concrete evidence supporting that theory. She released her first song in six years with "Lift Me Up," and "Born Again" from the soundtrack of 'Black Panther: Wakanda Forever' which was released in 2022. On top of that, in 2023, she headlined the Super Bowl in February and was nominated for "Lift Me Up" at the Oscars in March. However, the Rihanna Navy was left unfed once again with no album from the superstar. We hope that changes in 2024.
Drake released 'For All The Dogs' and the deluxe 'For All The Dogs: Scary Hours Edition' in 2023. Shortly after he dropped 'For All The Dogs'  in October, he announced that he was taking a break from music to focus on his health, but in November, he released the deluxe version of the album. He is also going on tour with J. Cole in 2024, so we should at least get another song or two from him, but hopefully a full-length project.
SZA previously said that she would be dropping her 'SOS' deluxe in the fall of 2023 then later backtracked saying that "no plan" was currently in place. However, there was a little bit of hope for SZA fans when the R&amp;B crooner dropped six potential covers to 'Lana' in December 2023. Unfortunately, an album never came into fruition. It is most likely that 'Lana' will be making a splash in 2024.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!