Taylor Swift has reached out to her fans after cancelling her Vienna concerts following a terror threat.
 The global superstar was scheduled to perform three shows last month at the Ernst Happel Stadium. However, a statement from the organisers, confirmed that the three concerts have been cancelled due to the terror threat they faced. 
 Addressing her fans, Taylor said: "In summation. We have officially wrapped the European leg of The Eras Tour. With it came the most passionate crowds I’ve ever played for, new traditions in the show, and an entirely new era added in. It was a more hectic pace than we’d done before, and I’m so proud of my crew/fellow performers for being able to physically perform that show and build our massive stage, take it apart, and make magic with so few days in between for recovery and travel. They’re the most impressive people I know and I’m so lucky they gave The Eras Tour their time, their energy, and their expertise." 
She went on to add: "Walking onstage in London was a rollercoaster of emotions. Having our Vienna shows cancelled was devastating. The reason for the cancellations filled me with a new sense of fear, and a tremendous amount of guilt because so many people had planned on coming to those shows. But I was also so grateful to the authorities because thanks to them, we were grieving concerts and not lives.
"I was heartened by the love and unity I saw in the fans who banded together. I decided that all of my energy had to go toward helping to protect the nearly half a million people I had coming to see the shows in London. My team and I worked hand in hand with stadium staff and British authorities every day in pursuit of that goal, and I want to thank them for everything they did for us. Let me be very clear: I am not going to speak about something publicly if I think doing so might provoke those who would want to harm the fans who come to my shows."
 Taylor continued: "In cases like this one, 'silence' is actually showing restraint, and waiting to express yourself at a time when it’s right to. My priority was finishing our European tour safely, and it is with great relief that I can say we did that.  And then London felt like a beautiful dream sequence. All five crowds at Wembley Stadium were bursting with passion, joy, and exuberance. The energy in that stadium was like the most giant bear hug from 92,000 people each night, and it brought me back to a place of carefree calm up there." 
The megastar took to the comments of her post to share: "We had some EPIC surprise performances from my long-time friends @teddysphotos, @florenceandthemachine, and @jackantonoff. Performing ‘Florida!!!’ with Flo for the first time was unforgettable and Ed took me right back to our old Red Tour memories. It was the most dizzying honor to become the first solo artist to play Wembley 8 times in one tour. To the fans who have seen us this summer, you’ll always have the most sparkling place in my memories. You were a dream to perform for, dance with, and share those magical moments with. We’ll see you all again when we resume The Eras Tour in October, but for now we get to take a much-needed rest. Thank you for the adventure of a lifetime. May it continue…"
 Authorities revealed last month that two suspects had been arrested for allegedly plotting a terror attack. A statement from the organisers of the concert read: " Taylor Swift | The Eras Tour Vienna Shows Cancelled Due to Government Officials Confirmation of Planned Terrorist Attack. With confirmation from government officials of a planned terrorist attack at Ernst Happel Stadium, we have no choice but to cancel the three scheduled shows for everyone’s safety." The statement added that those who had purchased tickets for the show would receive an automatic refund within the next 10 business days. 
Austria's General Director for Public Security, Franz Ruf, confirmed a 19-year-old Austrian citizen had been arrested. He also noted a second arrest had taken place in Vienna, later in the day, but no further details were given. Mr Ruf said "the two suspects became radicalised via the internet" and the 19-year-old allegedly made “an oath of allegiance” to the leader of the Islamic State last month.
He said that authorities were aware of "preparatory actions" for a possible attack "and also that there is a focus by the 19-year-old perpetrator on the Taylor Swift concerts in Vienna", the Austria Press Agency reported. Before the decision was taken to cancel the three shows, Ruf confirmed security at the concerts would be increased following the alleged terror threat. Police said the shows were expected to draw 65,000 concertgoers per day, with an additional 10,000 to 15,000 fans outside of the area.
 Swift's tour drew to near its closing date after performing a string of concerts at Wembley Stadium over the last week. Swift's record-breaking Eras Tour will end in Vancouver, Canada on December 8. Meanwhile, it was recently announced that Swift leads the MTV Video Music Awards nominations. She is in the running for 10 awards in total, including eight for Fortnight, her collaboration with Post Malone. 
 Fortnight is in contention for Video of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Collaboration, Best Direction, Best Cinematography, Best Editing, Best Visual Effects and Best Art Direction. Swift is also nominated for Best Pop and Artist of the Year. She faces competition from Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter and Eminem who have each secured six nominations, while rap stars Megan Thee Stallion and SZA have both received five nods. 
 Follow Mirror Celebs on    TikTok    ,    Snapchat    ,    Instagram    ,    Twitter    ,    Facebook    ,    YouTube    and    Threads    . 
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox