ScHoolboy Q is ready to serve up his fans with some new work that he's been cooking in the kitchen for the past few years...
Source: Jason Armond / Getty
ScHoolboy Q is coming and though he’s been out the game for a minute, it seems like he’ll be making up for lost time with a new album that’s quite lengthy.
On Thursday (Feb. 1), the TDE artist took to his website to drop off a video teaser trailer for his upcoming album, Blue Lips, and in the video showcased the song titles, which will be on his sixth studio album such as “Thank God 4 Me,” “Love Birds” and “Lost Times.” Though the video didn’t name any guest artists that may be featured on the album, one would expect to hear from the likes of his fellow TDE family such as Kendrick Lamar, Jay Rock and of course, SZA. Well, at least we hope we do.
This will be ScHoolboy Q‘s first project since 2019’s CrasH Talk, which earned him a gold plaque and produced a few platinum singles including “Numb Numb Juice,” “CHopstix” and “Floating.”
With the release date for Blue Lips set for March 1, expect to hear a new song or two from ScHoolboy Q in the coming days or weeks to amp up some buzz for the forthcoming album.
Check out the teaser trailer for Blue Lips, and let us know if you’ll be checking for the album when it drops next month in the comments section below.

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.