AllHipHop
AllHipHop
This could either be the start of a mental health revolution or a crisis. 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Sexyy Red’s music may be being used as a coping mechanism for individuals dealing with issues managing their mental health.
Based on a new viral video circulating of a young man in distress, Big Sexyy could be coming to a therapist near you—in theory. The aforementioned man went viral earlier this week after a clip he recorded of himself breaking down in tears crying while driving and listening to Sexyy’s hook on “Rich Baby Daddy” began circulating.
“My therapist told me to listen to some happy music whenever I’m having a mental breakdown,” he wrote in the onscreen text of the video.
A post shared by Ones To Watch (@onestowatch)
Granted the song is actually one of Drake’s For All The Dogs anthems and also features SZA, the man is predominantly singing Sexyy’s poignant lyrics “bring that ass over, make that Coochie breathe,” throughout the incident. It feels like Sexyy’s energy is the only thing keeping everything from falling apart at the seams.
In the end, it’s kind of sad because the guy appears to determine it’s not working and doesn’t visibly console himself on camera. Not to mention the lighthearted caption of “Me on my way to work,” further draws the sense of urgency away from the clip. But the one silver lining here is the fact that this person is trying to overcome such a debilitating condition and Sexyy’s music is apart of that process.
Mood boosting music is one thing, but are we really dealing with the root of the problem via this therapy? 
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity