Glastonbury 2024 kicks off this week and will feature a huge line-up of live music and entertainment across five days.
The festival at Worthy Farm in Somerset will officially get underway on Wednesday (June 26) with performances taking place until Sunday evening (June 30). This year’s event will feature sets from the likes of Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA, and Shania Twain in the iconic Legends slot.
Cyndi Lauper, Little Simz, London Grammar, Gossip, Avril Lavigne, Michael Kiwanuka, Burna Boy, Janelle Monae, D-Block Europe, Annie Mac, Disclosure, The National, Sugababes, Jessie Ware and James will also be amongst the bustling 2024 line-up.
READ MORE: Met Office Glastonbury Festival weather forecast - and is it going to rain?
Whilst the main music acts won’t begin performing until Friday (June 28), gates will be officially open from Wednesday to allow campers to get a lay of the land and get their patch all set up for the festivities.
With 210,000 people expected at the sprawling Worthy Farm throughout the five days, it’s one of the biggest music festivals in the world with people camping or staying in tipis and campervans on site.
Gates for the festival are expected to be open from 8am on Wednesday morning, however the car parks will be open from 9pm on Tuesday night for those arriving throughout the evening when traffic volumes are lower.
If arriving at the car park earlier, festival-goers have been advised that no form of entertainment or facilities will be made available before gates open, with people expected to remain in their cars until Wednesday morning - with no camping available in the car park.
Organisers have asked that festival-goers have their parking ticket clearly on display once they are within ten miles of the festival site and have their tickets to hand. This will enable people to be directed towards their designated car park and ease queue waiting times.
Once gates are open from 8am on Wednesday, they will be open 24 hours a day until the end of the festival. Festival organisers have said that queues for car park access will be the worst between 7am and 2pm on Wednesday, so people should anticipate long queues .All drivers will need a parking pass if leaving their vehicles on-site.
There will be designated enquiry cabins at each pedestrian gate (except for Gate B) to help with advice and issues. Those with electric vehicles have been advised to have sufficient battery for both journeys to and from the festival as there will be limited charging points on-site, and they will be expected to be busy.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.