Glastonbury viewers had to do a double take as Coldplay's headline Glastonbury took an interesting turn mid-set.
The band broke Glastonbury Festival records as they took to the stage with their fifth headline slot on the Pyramid Stage on Saturday night. They started their set with Yellow, from their 2000 album Parachutes and then followed up with their song of the night, Higher Power, from their ninth album, Music Of The Spheres
However, an hour into the set the band, including lead singer Chris Martin, returned to the stage wearing robot and alien masks - much to the confusion to those watching at home.
READ MORE: Glastonbury fans distracted by Coldplay performance and say they 'need to explain'
@MaisyMooCow wrote on X, formerly Twitter: "Coldplay doing the Masked Singer" while @SuzanneSteedman said: "Coldplay set has morphed into Masked Singer!?!?!"
Meanwhile, @JLauder91 tweeted: I've just tuned into Glasto expecting to see Coldplay, instead we've got the masked singer live. with @jonesthengineer adding: "Coldplay have gone full on Masked Singer."
And @andrewrex100 wrote: "Tonight on The Masked Singer it's Coldplay Night!!!!!"
Coldplay's appearance at the huge music event's 2024 run comes in the midst of their Music Of The Spheres world tour, which began in March 2022.
Frontman Chris Martin, guitarist Jonny Buckland, drummer Will Champion and bassist Guy Berryman took to the stage following a busy Saturday line-up on the Pyramid Stage which has seen performances from Little Simz, Michael Kiwanuka, Keane, Cyndi Lauper and more.
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA are the headliners of the world-famous Pyramid Stage over the weekend while Shania Twain will take the Legends Slot. The full list of performers is huge - but you can also expect to see the likes of Avril Lavigne, Cyndi Lauper, The Last Dinner Party and Camila Cabello.
Glastonbury was founded by Sir Michael Eavis on his Somerset farm in 1970. While he is still involved, his daughter Emily and her husband Nick Dewey now take on the majority of the organisation.
The BBC's coverage of Glastonbury will be available across iPlayer, BBC Sounds, TV, radio and online, including its non-stop Classic Glastonbury channel streaming 24 hours a day from now until Sunday, June 30.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.