The hype for Glastonbury 2025 is already well underway with tickets for the iconic festival due to go on sale this week.
Fans keen to guarantee their entry to the weekend bonanza need to have already registered for the Glastonbury 2025 ticket ballot. Registration for the ballot closed at 5pm on Monday November 11 and those lucky to have been selected can start purchasing their tickets from 6pm today.
If you're looking to head to Worthy Farm, the first batch of sales will be for coach and ticket packages only for those planning to arrive at the site by coach. If you have not registered then unfortunately you have already missed your opportunity to be considered for ticket buying.
Glastonbury 2025 will take place between June 25 to June 29 and there is already plenty of speculation as to who will be performing. No acts have been announced just yet but there is always something for everyone with this year seeing Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headlining the iconic Pyramid Stage.
Changes have been implemented in how people can purchase their Glastonbury tickets this year. Usually fans have to sit refreshing the landing page until they got an opportunity to buy, but this year festival bosses confirmed there is a new booking system which will see fans placed in a virtual queue to wait their turn for a booking window.
Those hoping to attend will need to break the piggy bank as tickets are priced at a whopping £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee which is an eye-watering amount of money. The coach journey will then vary between £47 and £160 for would-be revellers. Coach prices are of course dependent on where you are travelling from as well as if you are planning on a single or return journey to Worthy Farm.
As for those who don't want to travel to the camp by coach you have a little longer to wait until you can purchase your tickets with general sale commencing on Sunday November 17 at 9am. Anyone who misses their opportunity to buy a ticket today will be able to secure themselves another chance at nabbing on on Sunday.
If that ticket grabbing opportunity also fails then fans will get one final chance at grabbing a ticket in a few months time. Resale of any remaining or freshly available tickets is expected to take place in April with more details expected to be confirmed closer to the time.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.