It's INDY's Spring Member Drive! Help us reach our goal of 150 new members by the end of May.
Join 24,000 of your neighbors who read the INDY Daily newsletter.
There's an INDY newsletter for you. Find it here.
We're INDY, the Triangle's alternative newspaper for the last 40+ years. Get the good stuff straight to your inbox.
INDY Week
The fourth edition of J. Cole’s flagship music festival, Dreamville, returns to Raleigh April 6-7, 2024, with a star-studded lineup announced earlier today. Tickets are on sale on the festival website.
Chris Brown and Nicki Minaj will debut at Dreamville in headlining acts on Saturday and Sunday, respectively. Four-time Grammy winner SZA returns to Dorothea Dix Park for the first time since Dreamville’s inaugural festival in 2019, and J. Cole will close out the two-day event on Sunday night.
The best of the rest include Saturday performances from J.I.D., Lil Yachty, and ScHoolboyQ, followed by Sunday sets from Jeezy, Rae Sremmurd, and Key Glock. Twenty-six artists are slated to perform, but we’re not counting out unexpected guests: J. Cole’s 2023 set featured surprise performances from industry heavyweights Lil Wayne, 21 Savage, and Lil Uzi Vert.
Last year’s festival brought in over 100,000 fans to Dix Park, cementing Dreamville’s status as a leading music festival. In 2022, the festival brought over $6.7 million in economic impact to the greater Wake County region.
“Some of the biggest names in music will travel to Raleigh in only a few short weeks,” Dreamville cofounder and festival president Adam Roy said in the event press release. “Our team looks forward to welcoming all of our Day One fans from around the world back to Dreamville Festival.”
Join 24,000 of your neighbors and stay in tune with the Triangle.
Comment on this story at music@indyweek.com. 
Join the INDY Press Club to help us keep fearless watchdog reporting and essential arts and culture coverage viable in the Triangle.
Your support keeps the INDY free, fearless, and growing. Strengthen our journalism. Foster community. 
INDY WEEKP.O. Box 1772Durham, NC 27702919-666-7229