Featuring a cover of Doja Cat's 'Kiss Me More'
SZA has wrapped up her headlining set at the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury, drawing the 2024 edition of the festival to a close – here’s what she played.
After teasing a new album at BST Hyde Park, SZA took over the Pyramid Stage as the final headliner at Worthy Farm 2024, which was mired by technical difficulties for a good portion of its runtime.
For around 30 minutes, fans live-streaming SZA’s set were unable to hear the ‘Kill Bill’ properly, with some complaining that the mic was faulty and muddy. Once the issue was fixed however, SZA sounded great and went on to deliver an enchanting performance.
SZA kicked off her set with ‘PSA’ and ‘Love Galore’, and played other hits like ‘F2F’ and ‘Kill Bill’ later on in the show.
SZA performando ‘Love Galore’ no Glastonbury, em Londres
 pic.twitter.com/D0jrU4lA0R
— SZA ICONIC (@szaiconic) June 30, 2024
.@SZA performing ‘Snooze’ at Glastonbury! pic.twitter.com/P5MsEVAup2
— SZA Source (@sourcesza) June 30, 2024
.@SZA performing ‘Low’ at Glastonbury! pic.twitter.com/Lu4GFa2lJZ
— SZA Source (@sourcesza) June 30, 2024
‘PSA’
‘Love Galore’
‘Broken Clocks’
‘All The Stars’
‘Prom’
‘Garden (Say It Like Dat)’
‘Drew Barrymore’
‘F2F’
‘Forgiveless’
‘Ghost in the Machine’
‘Blind’
‘Shirt’
‘Kiss Me More’ (Doja Cat cover)
‘I Hate U’
‘Snooze’
‘Kill Bill’
‘Low’
‘Special’
‘Open Arms’
‘Nobody Gets Me’
‘Normal Girl’
‘Saturn’
‘Rich Baby Daddy’ (Drake cover)
‘The Weekend’
‘Good Days’
’20 Something’
For Sunday’s performances, Avril Lavigne treated the Other Stage to an unashamed nostalgia fest, earning the Canadian pop-punk princess a three-star rating. Meanwhile, Shania Twain rocked the Pyramid Stage for the coveted Legends slot, also garnering a three-star review from NME.
Coldplay‘s electric headlining set on Saturday scored them a four-star review. Little Simz‘s Pyramid performance marked her bid as a future headliner, while Camila Cabello turned in a chaotic performance.
Check back at NME for the latest Glastonbury 2024 news, reviews, interviews, photos, rumours and more. Check out the NME liveblog here for all the latest Glastonbury action as it happens.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.