She still has a couple of months to prepare for her headline Glastonbury set – but Dua Lipa has had a long, long time to think about reaching this pop pinnacle.
Ever since 28-year-old Dua signed with Warner Records a decade ago, she says one word has continued to come up in chats with label bosses over and over again – Glastonbury. “I like to write down plans, ideas or dreams that I have and, around the time of my first record, I wrote that, by the time I got to my third album, I’d like to headline Glastonbury and work with Tame Impala.
“Any song I’ve ever made, when I hear it back, I’m like, ‘How would this sound at Glastonbury?' That has always been my barometer. To get to headline is just absolutely surreal.” Last year the festival faced criticism for having three male headliners – Arctic Monkeys, Guns N’ Roses and Elton John.
Making amends this time around, Dua Lipa will join SZA as one of two females on the pyramid stage at the top of the bill alongside Coldplay. Commenting on last year and looking to this summer, she says: “There are just a lot more male artists [in general] and in the history of festivals women [have been less prominent]. Last year there weren’t a lot of women in cycle, which is important to remember, but now women are dominating.”
She played what was then called the John Peel Stage in 2016 and 2017, but since then her career has ignited. She had her first No1 single New Rules in July 2017, and there have been huge hits such as Don’t Start Now, Physical and Levitating to secure Dua’s place as a superstar.
She’s also branched out into acting, including roles in Greta Gerwig’s Barbie, which also contained her fourth UK No1 single, Dance The Night. And then there are the seven Brit Awards and three Grammys. Her third album Radical Optimism is released next week ahead of Glastonbury. And she has been sitting on the news a while. “I got asked in November 2022 – ages ago!” she tells Music Week
“It has really been my biggest secret, and also in the back of my mind while working on the album. Glastonbury has always been the pinnacle. It’s my favourite festival. I’ll make sure it’s great. It’s the biggest show of my life, so I’m gonna make sure I don’t f**k it up, basically! Glasto is a one-off, to be done once and never again,” she says. “It’s about making it as unique as possible. I really love bringing a spectacle.
“I’m putting in as much rehearsal time as possible so that when it comes to the point where I should be feeling the pressure, the scared bit, it’ll be fine because I’ll know that there’s absolutely no stone unturned.” LP Radical Optimism will be released at a time when Beyonce and Taylor Swift have also put out new material.
“It’s all ‘woman power’ right now,” says Dua. "And, for me, it’s amazing to be put at the top and to headline Glasto. We’ve just got to keep supporting women and pushing them to that degree so they can see it’s possible.” On her 11 track new album, which saw her write an incredible 97 songs before deciding which made the final shortlist in the recording studio, she says: “It is just a relief to get it out, I have been working on it so long. It’s really exciting.
“We had been writing so much and we wrote every day between my tour legs.” Perfectionist Dua’s ascent to pop stardom began early. By 17, she completed her GCSEs living in a Camden flat and then made ends meet as a restaurant hostess and working in nightclubs.
Her first music was released on Soundcloud and YouTube before her first single Hotter than Hell made it to number 15 in the charts in 2016. After some hard work on the road and some big electro hits in the UK and well beyond, by 2019 she would win the title of Best New Artist at the Grammys in America.
More recently Dua has been making moves so she can call the shots when it comes to her career. In 2022, she parted ways with her longtime partnership with management and publishing company TaP Music. Lipa has since hired her father Dukagjin as her manager and bought back the rights and masters for her entire catalog.
“It was very easy to say, ‘This is the person that I trust the most with everything,’ she says. “He’s my best friend, we have such an open dialogue and that’s why I feel so in control, because there’s not a single email or thing that we wouldn’t talk about.” Her father and mother sought refuge in London in 1992 when there was political instability in Kosovo. Before that Dukagjin sang and played guitar in a rock band called Oda and her mother Anesa, studied law.
Dua Lipa also speaks in Music Week about why she has created her own management and publishing company Radical 22. She said: “It’s about having control over my music, having the final say over what happens to it, how it gets synced...” she says.
And despite all her success, one place Dua is unlikely to be looking after her Glastonbury set is to social media for approval of how things went. She handed her twitter account over to her team to run in 2020. Her new album title Radical Optimism is based on a concept that chimes with her more easily with her - seeking the silver linings in an otherwise challenging world.
On social media, she says: “It’s really unhealthy. It harbours a certain type of energy that is often at the cost of someone’s feelings. It was a hindrance to my confidence, getting up on stage and thinking that people didn’t like me or that they hated the music. That’s not something that I should be focusing on.
“I work so hard so why should I not be able to enjoy it? That was causing me not to, so getting off Twitter was the best thing I ever did.” Working hard and playing hard seem to be in Dua’s DNA. As she told Elle magazine last week: “You have to make room for joy. The world can be burning down, but goddamn…if you didn’t spend any of your life trying to be happy, I don’t know what you’ve done.”
Radical Optimism by Dua Lipa is released on May 3.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.