It's the Australian punk band's first new music in three years
Amyl & The Sniffers have dropped their defiant new single ‘U Should Not Be Doing That’ – take a listen to it below.
The Australian punks have released their first new music in three years, since they dropped their second album ‘Comfort To Me‘ in 2021. They’ve now returned with ‘U Should Not Be Doing That’, along with a B-side called ‘Fact’s, both of which frontwoman Amy Taylor calls “pretty self-explanatory”.
“U Should Not Be Doing That” makes me laugh, but it’s also in a way poking fun at the shock that people still feel at a little bit of skimpy clothing, and the bitchy high school way that the music community still is (yes I’m talking to you random 40-year-old metalheads sitting around a table doing lines and bitching about a 28-year-old chick in a band for wearing shorts and “selling out”) but it mainly makes me laugh,” she said.
“It’s unconscious and meant nothing at the time of writing it but now I think it’s a comedic way of rubbing the dog’s nose in its own dog piss after it wee’d on your favourite rug or something.”
Take a listen to the song down below:
Amyl & The Sniffers will soon be embarking on their UK/Europe tour, alongside supporting the Foo Fighters in North America later this year. Check out all dates below – get UK tickets here and US tickets here.
MAY
26 – Bearded Theory Festival – Walton on Trent
27 – The Scala – London (SOLD OUT)
30 – Primavera – Barcelona
JUNE
1 – Freak Valley – Netphen Germany
3 –La Nuit Fournier – Lyon
4 – Bikini – Toulouse
6 – Primavera – Porto
8 – Northside – Arhaus – Denmark
9 – Best Kept Secret – Hilvarenbeek – Netherlands
JULY
13 – Day In Day Out Seattle, WA
19 – Citi Field New York, NY *with Foo Fighters
20 – White Eagle Hall Jersey City, NJ
21 – Fenway Park Boston, MA *with Foo Fighters
23 – Hersheypark Stadium Hershey, PA *with Foo Fighters
25 – The Majestic Theatre Detroit, MI
28 – Underground Music Showcase Denver, CO
30 – Granada Theater Lawrence, KS
31 – Mercury Ballroom Louisville, KY
AUGUST
1 – HI-FI Annex Indianapolis, IN
3 – Asbury Hall Buffalo, NY
4 – Osheaga Montreal, QC
5 – Higher Ground South Burlington, VT
7 – Pioneer Courthouse Square Portland, OR
9 – BMO Stadium Los Angeles, CA *with Foo Fighters
13 – The Sound at Del Mar, CA
14 – The Fonda Theatre Los Angeles, CA
15 – The Fonda Theatre Los Angeles, CA
NME last spoke to Amyl & The Sniffers back in 2021, where Taylor spoke about how ‘Comfort To Me’ addressed the political environment Australians were facing in the summer of 2019.
“‘Capital’ is about how many people are left on the outskirts of society without any help – especially none from fucking Scott Morrison, the absolute tosser,” Taylor told NME. “We’re all getting taxed to buggery and getting nothing in return. In bushfire season he gave nobody a helping hand.
“I’m not that well educated about politics, but during bushfire season all of the Indigenous people had advanced backburning set-ups and the government just ignored that. Also, Indigenous incarceration rates are off the fucking Richter scale.”
We also reviewed ‘Comfort To Me’, giving it a four star review: “When the band rally against being pigeonholed on ‘Don’t Fence Me In’, it feels like they’ve finally escaped this fate – sure, they can still pull a decent pint of pub rock, but ‘Comfort To Me’ serves as proof that there’s far more to them than just that.”
In other news, Amyl & The Sniffers have been announced for a stacked Primavera Festival lineup this year alongside Lana Del Rey, Pulp, The National, FKA Twigs, SZA, Disclosure and more.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.