Thousands of music fans are heading to London's O2 Arena this week to watch global pop star Doja Cat.


  The 'Kiss Me More' singer is bringing 'The Scarlet Tour' to London, marking the start of her first European Headline Arena Tour. 


  First entering the music scene back in 2013, Doja Cat first gained global popularity in 2018 with the release of her debut album 'Amala' and her single 'MOOO!'.


  Doja Cat's second album 'Hot Pink' was Grammy nominated and broke records featuring hits 'Say So' and 'Streets'.


  In June 2021, the singer released the Grammy winner album 'Planet Her' that included songs 'Kiss Me More' with SZA and 'Woman'. 


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by The O2 (@theo2london)






A post shared by The O2 (@theo2london)


  At the start of 2024, Doja Cat dropped her latest album 'Scarlet' featuring her chart-breaking song 'Paint The Town Red' and inspiring the name of her new tour, 'The Scarlet Tour'.


  If you were able to get tickets to Doja Cat's tour at the O2 Arena, here's everything you need to know.


  Doja Cat will be performing two shows at the O2 Arena in June, her first on Friday, June 14 and her second on Monday, June 17. 


  For both of Doja Cat's London shows, doors will open at 6.30pm with the artist expected on stage between 8.30pm and 9pm. 


  It is important to know that timings are subject to change.


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  If you're curious as to what your view will be for Doja Cat at the O2, you can find out. 


  The website SeatingPlan.net gives you a picture or graphic view from your exact location.


  See your view via the website. 


  For the UK leg of Doja Cat's tour, the artist will be supported by rising star Hemlocke Springs. 


  The indie-pop artist is best known for her 2023 viral hit 'girlfriend' and other hits including 'heavun' and 'sever the blight'.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Doja Cat (@dojacat)






A post shared by Doja Cat (@dojacat)


  Tickets for Doja Cat at the O2 Arena were in high demand and at the time of writing there is limited availability. 


RECOMMENDED READING


O2 Arena London: Bag policy and list of prohibited items


  Her show on June 14 is now sold out but you can still get tickets on June 17. 


  Prices start at £144 for premium deck seating and drop to £60 per person for the top of the O2 Arena.


  You can also get standing tickets with prices for floor starting at £90 per person.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.