by 
	Alice Kelly


	It’s not every day, or even every year, that we get treated to a red carpet appearance from Carmen Electra but when we do, it is always a joy! The star made quite the entrance at the People’s Choice Awards on Feb. 18 and we’ve got an up close look at her stunning red carpet fashion.

	










	Electra, 51, dazzled on the green carpet at the 2024 People’s Choice Awards in Los Angeles in a gown with a plunging neckline that showed off her toned figure. The shimmering, ombre gown took the popular mermaid-core trend to new heights by showing off different shades of purples, blues and greens as Electra strutted down the carpet.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Will the New Labubu 'Big Into Energy' Series Be Sold at POP MART's Amazon Store? Here's What We Know		
	










	The stunning creation comes from luxury brand Do Long who also dressed SZA at this year’s Grammy Awards. Electra’s look was a floor-length gown that showed off her physique. The star kept her blonde locks pulled back, showing off her sultry makeup look that featured a shimmering eyeshadow look to match her gown perfectly. To accessorize, Electra went for three rings by Gemma Azzurro and a pair of drop earrings by STUDIOCULT.



	Before walking the red carpet, the Scary Movie star posted on Instagram to let fans know she was on the way and thank her incredible glam and styling team for pulling the look together. Electra wasn’t nominated at this year’s award show so she was off-duty to enjoy the show with stars like Heidi Klum and more.

	The private star keeps her life predominately out of the public eye so we don’t get to see Electra as much as we would like to! She has largely moved away from her acting career and focuses now on her OnlyFans account. 

	In a 2022 interview with People, Electra expressed that working on the platform has given her a sense of freedom that she didn’t have before. “I, for once, have this opportunity to be my own boss and have my own creative vision to share with my fans without someone standing over me, telling me, ‘Don’t do this, don’t do that. Cover up this,’ ” the actress told the outlet.
Before you go, click here to see Carmen Electra’s best red carpet photos over the years.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.