Rain is expected during Glastonbury Festival, the early weather forecast shows.
The Met Office's long-range forecast covers Thursday June 20 to Thursday July 4, a two-week period during which Glastonbury falls. Early signals suggest a mixed weather pictured, including "longer spells of rain".
It reads: "Signals are weak regarding prevailing weather patterns during this period. Typical conditions for the UK are most probable, with a mixture of weather types. All areas can expected to see some spells of drier, sunnier weather but there will also be showers or longer spells of rain at times. Temperatures are most likely to be close to normal or slightly above."
Forecasters say they predict the weather with the most accuracy nearer the time. Maps issued by InMeteo, though, show the start of this period will be wet - as low pressure moves in from the north. The heaviest rain on Thursday June 20, InMeteo says, will be in Wales and parts of the Southwest of England. Glastonbury is held in Pilton, Somerset.
Forecasters with Metdesk have issued further weather maps through until Saturday June 22, four days before the start of Glastonbury. It shows heavy rain is expected across the Home Counties and parts of the Southwest of England, including Somerset, on Saturday June 22. The heaviest of this rain is believed to fall across Buckinghamshire and Bedfordshire.
In the meantime, some sunshine is expected acrossmany regions of the UK - and temperatures will feel as hot as 30C across Greater London and Surrey on Saturday June 15. It'll appear like 27C elsewhere across the capital, 27C in Norfolk and Cambridgeshire and 25C as north as Humberside. Even in the west, forecasters said it would feel as warm as 25C in Herefordshire and Gloucestershire. Last month, temperatures exceeded 24C in the UK for at least four consecutive days.
More than 200,000 people attend Glastonbury every year. This time, Dua Lipa, SZA and Coldplay are among the headline acts at the huge event. Shania Twain has been booked for the Sunday teatime "legend" slot.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.