Rappers Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign narrowly held on to the number-one spot on the Billboard 200 albums chart for the tracking week that ended February 22 with their collab "Vultures 1." The collection achieved another 75,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams, with streaming activity making up the bulk of the album's performance. Read all about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
Following close behind in second place for the week was the debut of another rapper's album: Yeat's "2093." It accumulated 70,000 album units thanks in part to two deluxe editions that were released the same week the original album dropped. Familiar faces round out the top five as Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" climbed one spot to number-three with 64,000 album units. Noah Kahan's sleeper hit "Stick Season" slipped one spot to number-four with 60,000 album units. And SZA's Grammy-winning blockbuster "SOS" placed fifth with 46,000 units.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, "Vultures 1" wasn't an option to predict; it was taken out of the predictions center when it missed its scheduled February 9 release date (it ultimately showed up a day later on February 10). But 10 people correctly predicted that "None of these" would top the chart, and most game players correctly anticipated that the chart-topper would achieve fewer than 100,000 album units.
"2093" also wasn't in our predictions center as it was only announced two days before its February 16 release; only five people correctly picked "None of these" for second position. But the rest of the top five were available for betting. Eleven game players anticipated "One Thing at a Time" at number-three. Eleven also bet on "Stick Season" at number-four. But only five predicted "SOS" would be number-five. Overall, one user accurately answered four of the six prediction questions, Nils Sjoberg, who got both of the "None of these" options correct. How did you do this week? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media