Strictly Come Dancing fans were left enraged with the judges after they scored Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe’s performance.
During Saturday’s episode, the Gladiator star showed off her soft side to perform the Viennese Waltz to Nobody Gets Me by SZA.
Although their routine was praised by the judges, fans believed they should’ve scored more than 33 points.
Others also slammed the panellist for scoring them less than the other contestants.
This included @solitairetori who fumed: “Scoring is so bad cause how have Montell and Johannes just scored less than Jamie #strictly."
Get the latest Strictly news straight to your inbox with our Strictly Come Dancing newsletter
  Read more:    BBC Strictly fan fury as they all say same thing about Nick Knowles 'stitch up'  
An astonished @LauraGarside remarked: “Montell scoring less than Wynne. WTF????”
@gemmavictoria_ raged: “F**king EIGHTS for Montell nah lemme speak to these judges real quick.”
As @DrrewRya claimed: “Judges favouritism creeping in…”
@Evelynsmin added: “I’m actually so pissed that Montell was undermarked compared to Wynne and Jamie.. why are women ALWAYS undermarked on this show.”  
  Don't miss...     BBC Strictly fans convinced they know who is in the dance off already  [LATEST]     Strictly star breaks down in tears as partner makes adorable promise  [WATCH]     Strictly fans complain seconds into show starting as one thing is 'missing'  [REACTION] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The judges were wowed by their performance as Anton Du Beke revealed the routine was “my favourite dance of the night.”
The usually hard-to-impress Craig Revel Horwood gave his first “gorgeous” of the night.”
Meanwhile, head judge Shirley Ballas said it was an amazing night for them both.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated