The TikTok celebrity serenader is turning the tables with his own original music.

													By
												

	Katie Atkinson

Executive Digital Director, West Coast

	From serenading celebrities with surprise cover songs to releasing his own original music, Harry Daniels delivered his debut single “I’m Him” first thing Thursday (Oct. 17).

	The electro-pop song, which made its radio debut on New York’s Z100, was inspired by Daniels’ rise to fame as a viral star on TikTok, where he boasts 1.6 million followers and has scored more than 1 billion views with his “Can I sing for you?” videos. (Daniels even references his TikTok claim to fame on the new song by quite literally crooning “Can I sing for you?” in the lyrics of “I’m Him.”)

	










	“I wanted to talk about my new experiences and how all the rapid growth has made me feel in relation to what I aspired to be growing up, sort of my ‘When I Grow Up’ by The Pussycat Dolls moment,” Daniels exclusively tells Billboard of his first song.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Since joining the video-sharing app in 2022, Daniels has performed pop-up covers for unsuspecting pop stars like Katy Perry, Doja Cat, Sabrina Carpenter, Christina Aguilera, SZA, Camila Cabello, Dua Lipa and more, as well as for current presidential candidate Vice President Kamala Harris and Presidents Obama and Biden.

	Now, Daniels is turning the focus to his own music career. He designed the “I’m Him” single cover art himself and will perform his debut single for the first time at iHeart’s Dunkin’ Music Lounge in New York on Friday at 12:30 p.m. ET.

	Daniels says he’s currently working on new music and will release more singles in 2025. Listen to Harry Daniels’ debut single “I’m Him” below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.