Maya Jama left Glastonbury via helicopter last night, telling fans she's ticked the glamorous exit off her "bucket list".
The Love Island presenter, 29, has been partying at the festival on Worthy Farm in Gloucestershire with her boyfriend, Stormzy, 30. Following five days of merriment and star-studded gigs, from artists including Coldplay, Dua Lipa and Sza, a huge clean-up mission is underway in the West Country,
However, Maya made sure she didn't have to deal with revellers' rubbish as she decided to leave the festival in a helicopter. Sharing a snap of herself about to board the aircraft, sporting designer shades, Adidas sweatpants, a baseball cap and Hunter wellies, she said: "Always wanted to helicopter to or from Glastonbury. Bucket list [tick emoji]."
She then posted a photo of herself and her pals, including entrepreneur, Jordy Jordz, wearing headsets, flying over the West Country as they left Glastonbury in style.
Maya and Stormzy, who reunited last year, looked extremely loved up as they watched D-Block Europe from the sidelines of the famous festival on the weekend. The award-winning rapper rocked heart-shaped sunglasses and a floor-length Valentino white-and-red raincoat, trousers and a bucket hat. The Blinded By Your Grace star looked carefree as he bopped to the performance.
TV presenter Maya, who told fans she was "straight back to work" on Love Island following the festival, also looked like she was having a ball as she was seen dancing at Glastonbury with a drink in her hand.
The Bristol-born presenter has enjoyed a phenomenal career so far - having cemented her place in the spotlight in recent years after becoming the host of Love Island in 2023 and wowed audiences of the 2024 BRIT Awards earlier this year.
For many, Maya’s career might look like an overnight success, however she has been grafting for years from humble beginnings before enjoying her current A-List success.
Taking to social media in March, the presenter appeared to be in a reflective mood - while highlighting how luxurious her life is. Taking to Instagram Stories, Maya shared a throwback snap of herself from her pre-fame years showing her as a child and smiling for the camera.
The star originally posted the image in which she stands with her arms folded at her home in Bristol back in September 2022 along with a simple caption stating: “Started..”
She then uploaded a snap of herself wearing a face mask while giving herself a bit of pampering before sharing her recent Vogue cover shoot - which saw her posing alongside a huge host of other major celebrities including chat show icon Oprah Winfrey, supermodel Kate Moss, and legendary actres, Jane Fonda.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.