By DOLLY BUSBY FOR THE DAILY MAIL 
 Published:  00:11, 13 August 2024   |  Updated:  08:00, 13 August 2024   
 97
View  comments
She used her performance at Glastonbury festival to give the following relationship advice to men: 'If you are married and you notice a woman does the same action every day, it means it needs doing, so do it.'
And now Paloma Faith, 43, has said that 'co-parenting' does not exist as societal expectations ensure women still do the bulk of the work.
The mother-of-two went on to explain that many mothers live in fear of being judged and said: 'When I've opened up about my difficulties with motherhood and IVF, people tell me I'm ungrateful.
'I know better than anyone how grateful I am.
'When people respond like that, it's annoying, and I think it's why so many mums have to add a caveat to any downside of parenting with how much they love their kids first, for fear of being judged.'
Paloma Faith, 43, has said that 'co-parenting' does not exist as societal expectations ensure women still do the bulk of the work
The mother-of-two went on to explain that many mothers live in fear of being judged and said: 'When I've opened up about my difficulties with motherhood and IVF, people tell me I'm ungrateful'
The Only Love Can Hurt Like This singer was speaking to Women's Health for the launch of her new book, MILF: Motherhood, Identity, Love and F***ery.
She said: 'I wanted to do it because I feel society neglects women and mums. This makes us feel isolated because we end up having to pretend that everything's magical and it isn't always; it's hard and women do struggle.
'I don't think co-parenting exists; women still do the bulk of the parenting. There are anomalies, but we need change.'
She continued: 'Being a single mother is exhausting, but I do have two nights a week when my daughters are with their dad to do as I please.'
The Lullaby singer shares two daughters - eight and three - with her ex-husband and French artist Leyman Lahcine who she divorced in 2022 after 10 years together and five years of marriage.
It was becoming parents that crippled their romance and Ms Faith said: 'I think for me, becoming a mother was such a massively life-changing experience that for the first time in my life, I needed more than nothing - and that just wasn't there.
'Our relationship ended because we have those children. And I think that was worth it.'
Last month she hit back at Glastonbury trolls and begged music fans to 'give women a break' after a slew of female artists were plagued with technical issues. 
The Only Love Can Hurt Like This singer was speaking to Women's Health for the launch of her new book, MILF: Motherhood, Identity, Love and F***ery
The Lullaby singer shares two daughters - eight and three - with her ex-husband and French artist Leyman Lahcine who she divorced in 2022 after 10 years together and five years of marriage
As 210,000 revellers descended on Worthy Farm in Somerset for the weekend at the end of June, millions tuned in from home thanks to the BBC 's rolling coverage.
But after SZA, Dua Lipa, Shania Twain and Cyndi Lauper were slammed and accused of 'miming' when sounds issues disrupted their sets, Paloma couldn't help but clap back. 
The Warrior singer took to her Instagram Stories to remind viewers that women were not on stage to be 'shamed and ridiculed' but to be 'boss b**ches'. 
She wrote to her 835,000 followers: 'The way people criticise the women who performed a @glastonbury online is absolutely appalling.'
'I think people need to understand that women are not on stage to be ridiculed and shamed we are there in all our boss b***h power and we stand by one another. 
'GIVE WOMEN A BREAK.' 
The full interview is available in the new issue of Women’s Health UK or in digital format on the WH app 
She continued: 'Being a single mother is exhausting, but I do have two nights a week when my daughters are with their dad to do as I please'
Last month she hit back at Glastonbury trolls and begged music fans to 'give women a break' after a slew of female artists were plagued with technical issues

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group