Anne-Marie has revealed that she was once given a piece of advice by her pal Ed Sheeran that she has held onto since he shared it with her whilst on tour together.
The singer-songwriter, now 33, was a support act for Ed, now 33, on his รท Tour in both 2017 and 2018. The colleagues have reunited over the years since, including for a special performance on one of his more recent tours back in 2022.
Reflecting on their friendship, Anne-Marie said in a recent interview that she "learnt" from Ed "every day" on the tour over five years ago. And she revealed that he gave her a particular piece of advice about family that has remained with her in the years since she was among his support acts.
The Brit Award nominee said that he "really championed" her when they worked together, adding in the interview with Metro that she considers herself "really lucky" over the friendship. She then went on to discuss learning from him.
She told the outlet: "I learnt something from Ed every day that we were together. I remember that he said to keep in contact with your parents because when you're on the road, you can get lost in it. I always keep that in my mind."
Her family has grown in the years since she toured with Ed. Anne-Marie and rapper Slowthai, 29 - whose real name is Tyron Frampton - welcomed their daughter Seven, now believed to be around three months ago, earlier this year.
Anne-Marie has shared glimpses of her life since welcoming the newborn, including having written on Instagram in April: "2024 is my favourite year already. We have a new member of our gang." She told her fans in a post the following month: "I love this little one like you wouldn't believe. And I'm so glad she has the biggest family in you all."
During the recent interview, Anne-Marie has teased that she is keen to support up-and-coming artists herself, following in the footsteps of Ed having supported her. She told the outlet that since appearing as a judge on the Voice, it "really excites" her to "bring new talent up" and "help" them in "any way" that she can. She suggested that if she is able to help anyone with music "or just in life in general," she will, adding that when she makes people smile, it makes her "feel great".
Anne-Marie made the remarks whilst at BST Hyde Park, with her having been among the line-up for the annual festival in London on Sunday. Her appearance comes after she took to the stage at Glastonbury Festival last week, with her among the likes of Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA in the line-up.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.