It’s showbiz’s toughest presenting job. So no wonder this year’s Brit Awards newbies Maya Jama, Roman Kemp and Clara Amfo are getting tips from former hosts as they prepare for their debut next month.
Capital DJ Roman tapped up Ant and Dec, who hosted in 2001, 2015 and 2016. “They said it was the hardest show they’d ever had to do,” he groans.
“But there’s a masochist side to me that really wants to experience that. That’s what it’s about, putting your head above the parapet sometimes”
He also asked Jack Whitehall, who hosted from 2018 to 2021. “Comedians do different things, but we’ve got something they didn’t have,” says Roman. “We each bring our own vibe to the table. My presenting style is horrific self-deprecation.”
Radio 1’s Clara has been quizzing former hosts Mo Gilligan, Dermot O’Leary, Zoe Ball and Emma Willis. She says: “Emma advised that I should really enjoy myself, because the show goes by so very quickly.”
Maya adds: “I’m telling myself, ‘This will be something to show my grandkids, don’t mess it up.’”
The 2024 BRIT Awards will see RAYE join Dua Lipa as a live performer. RAYE broke records as the most nominated artist ever with seven BRIT nominations including Artist of the Year and Mastercard Album of the Year. It's been announced she will take to the stage during the ceremony following the revelation that Dua Lipa will also perform.
The main show takes place on Saturday, March, 2 at The O2 Arena in London and will be broadcast exclusively on ITV and ITVX. RAYE, who is a BRIT School alumni, is nominated for Artist of the Year, Mastercard Album of the Year, Best New Artist, Pop Act, R&B Act, and for Song of the Year with Mastercard - in which she receives two nominations, for Prada with cassö and D-Block Europe, and for Escapism ft 0207 Shake, making her the most nominated artist in any one year to date.
She is also set to headline her biggest London show to date on March, 15, at The O2 arena. Nominations for the 2024 BRIT Awards were announced last week and along with RAYE and Dua Lipa, nominees include Arlo Parks, Blur, Calvin Harris, Central Cee, Dave, Fred again.., Jessie Ware, J Hus, Little Simz, Olivia Dean, Mahalia, PinkPantheress, Miley Cyrus, Olivia Rodrigo, The Rolling Stones, SZA, Taylor Swift, Young Fathers.
Earlier this month, Dua Lipa was announced as the first artist confirmed to perform on the main show in March. The six-time BRIT winner receives three nominations this year; for Artist of the Year, Pop Act and Song of the Year with Mastercard.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.