SZA thrilled her fans and surprised Eminem with an unexpected social media post featuring her cover of his iconic 2002 hit, "Lose Yourself."
The piano-driven rendition, posted on Thursday, saw SZA sweetly singing the rap anthem from the 8 Mile soundtrack, offering a stripped-back version she clarified was not for any upcoming project but purely "just for mental health."
"U ever just cover Eminem on some tender sh*t for feels?" SZA wrote in the caption accompanying her post. 
Eminem responded within hours, leaving an emoji of a blushing, wide-eyed face in the comments.
The cover's release coincided with the drop of Eminem's new single, "Houdini," the first glimpse into his upcoming 12th album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup De Grâce), set to release this summer. The rapper had announced the single earlier in the week via an Instagram Reel featuring magician David Blaine, in which he cryptically stated, "For my last trick, I’m going to make my career disappear."
Eminem's new song, "Houdini," references his storied career, while the music video features all of his children, giving a rare glimpse of his lesser-known youngest child, Stevie.
Fans of Eminem -- real name Marshall Mathers -- are undoubtedly familiar with his daughter, Hailie Jade, who has been a fixture in his music and featured in over 20 tracks. Another of Eminem's daughters, Alaina -- whom he adopted with his ex-wife, Kim Scott -- has also been referenced in several songs, including the 2004 track "Mockingbird."
The track sees Eminem on a lyrical rampage, cussing out multiple people. He even takes a jab at his own family, saying, "F**k my own kids, they're brats." The music video features a scene where Eminem is swearing at his kids over a video call, with Hailie, Alaina and Stevie responding in shock.
Born in April 2002, Stevie is the biological child of Scott and her then-boyfriend, Eric Hartter. Eminem legally adopted Stevie in 2005. In 2021, Stevie came out as nonbinary and discussed their journey to self-acceptance in a TikTok video. Stevie uses all pronouns and has openly shared details about their relationship with TikToker Declan Jace.
"Houdini" opens with a familiar callback to Eminem's 2002 hit, "Without Me," repeating the lyrics "guess who’s back" over and over, just like in the original song from The Eminem Show album. The music video further embraces nostalgia, featuring Eminem and Dr. Dre dressed as the superhero characters from the 2002 hit. Cameo appearances from 50 Cent, Snoop Dogg, and comedians Pete Davidson and Shane Gillis add to the star-studded visual spectacle.
In true Eminem fashion, "Houdini" is filled with pop culture references and jabs at various celebrities, including Megan Thee Stallion, Dr. Dre, RuPaul and R. Kelly. The chorus samples Steve Miller Band's 1982 hit, "Abracadabra," adding a fun twist to the track.
"Houdini" is the lead single from Eminem’s upcoming album, which he announced during the NFL Draft in his hometown of Detroit, Michigan.
RELATED CONTENT:
Video
Music
News
News
News
News