Welcome to Small Talk, a series where we catch up with the internet's favorite Extremely Online individuals offline.
There's no better way to tell an unwelcome party to move along than with one word: SCRAM!
It's a word with a long, meandering history, and one singlehandedly resurrected by TikTok creator, comedian, actor, and writer Kel Cripe (@reallygoodimpressions). Their viral post from September, in which they send "a message to all the guys tryin' to talk to my girl," has over 9.4 million views. In the video, the Los Angeles-based comedian is standing in front of a hedge, wearing a mystical wolf tee, and holding raised a fist, ready to hypothetically deliver a fresh knuckle sandwich.
"Scram! Leave her alone! She...she doesn't want to talk to you! Get outta here!" Cripe says in the video, as a piano version of Pixies' "Where Is My Mind?" plays and the camera recedes. Cripe describes the vibe to Mashable as "not-so-threatening, soft threat" which is spot on.
Since posting, Cripe's meme has had the viral CapCut edit treatment, been shared by SZA, and most recently ended up onstage at Taylor Swift's Eras Tour, fittingly screamed by fan-favourite dancer Kameron Saunders during Swift's GFY anthem "We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together."
But while TikTok and "Scram!" has opened up new audiences for Cripe, their comedy isn't contained to the platform. In 2024, Cripe was featured in Netflix Is a Joke Fest's comedy showcase, having been on the streaming service's related radio spot on SiriusXM, and appeared on the podcast Lovett or Leave It. An illustrator, theatre writer, and short filmmaker, they're also one third of comedy trio Babe Motel, and they've appeared at New York Comedy Festival and SF Sketchfest, the San Francisco Comedy Festival.
With sold-out headlinling standup shows coming up, Cripe chatted with Mashable about how they started on TikTok, how the platform has intersected with their comedy, and the very sweet origin of their viral post that changed everything. Girlfriends rule. 
Shannon Connellan: Where did the idea for your viral "Scram!" video come from? 
Kel Cripe: Like a lot of couples, my girlfriend and I love to use silly voices and words to make each other laugh. When I'd show her mean comments on my videos, she'd wave her fist at my phone and say "Scram!" It always cheered me up and made me feel cared for. 
One morning after waking up from a bad dream, my girlfriend made me giggle with her classic catchphrase and I said, "Hey, that'd be a funny video." We went about our day, doing chores and tasks together (it was laundry day, hence the kismet wolf shirt) and when we finally returned home, I said, "Would you mind filming that video we talked about?" In one take, we got the shot. I was too tired to overthink it. 
The next day, I added some music that I thought ironically matched the tone of "not-so-threatening, soft threat" (A piano cover of "Where is My Mind" by The Pixies) and hit post. I never imagined an inside joke with my girlfriend could be what changed my life. I owe my Scram legacy to her, she's the best. 
SC: What’s been the general response you’ve seen to your viral clip? People seem to really find power incorporating “Scram” in their own lives (and videos), and I’ve seen you’ve spoken about it in your standup too! 
KC: Initially, Scram wasn't reaching the kind audiences it eventually found. The clearly satirical video was an easy target for internet bullies and bozos. I was tempted to delete it, but in an unexpected turn, SZA reposted the video on her Instagram story the night of the VMAs and it sent thousands of new views to the video (Thank you SZA 
Tens of thousands of people started making their own Scram videos and it was so cool to see. The videos people made were all rooted in a goofy positivity, with the intention of spreading laughter, exactly like how I intended the original. So many parents told me how much their kids love saying "scram", which really warmed my heart. I got dozens of DMs from people that dressed up as me for Halloween (someone even linked an Amazon kit for a Scram costume). Companies started using Scram for their products, I think because it became such an easily adaptable and relatable concept. I've gotten to work with some amazing brands and create tons of new content. 
Outside of the internet, I've been doing standup comedy for five years and I decided to make a joke about Scram at the top of my set. Hearing and watching audiences react to realizing I'm an actual person and not just a meme is really quite funny and starts the set with such a fun energy. 
Scram has allowed me to connect with more people than I ever could have imagined. I've gained over 100k followers on Instagram and over 150k on TikTok in about two months. Spreading joy and cheering people up on hard days is one of my biggest goals as a comedian, and I will always be so grateful to Scram for allowing me to do that on such a larger scale.SC: How did you find out about the Eras Tour video? And what was your first reaction?
KC: I was updating my calendar in my room (I love calendars) when my girlfriend said, "Uh, hey Kel, I think something happened at the Eras tour...people are commenting on your video that Kam said Scram." I put the dry erase marker down and very calm, cool and collected said, "WHAT?!??! ARE YOU KIDDING?!?!?" 
We sat on my bed scrolling through videos of the legendary "We Are Never Getting Back Together" performance with our jaws completely dropped. My heart was pounding and I felt like I was gonna pass out, in a good way. I started texting my friends and they all Facetimed me within seconds. So many of Taylor's fans sent me messages, I think we were all in a joyous shock. I still can't believe it happened, it was so freaking cool. Hearing the amount of people in the audience that also screamed and laughed was so epic. If Taylor ever wants a "Scram" in person for one of her shows, I'd be there in a heartbeat salute emoji.SC: Your Scram tees have been sold out on your website, are there plans to restock? 
KC: The first batch of Scram shirts were so successful, we sold out in just a few days! Don't tell anyone, but a little birdie told me that we may in fact be having a special Early Black Friday Sale starting on November 20, 2024...And for real don't spread this, but a second little birdie also told me there may even be more merch next year :)SC: How did you get started on TikTok? 
KC: I got started on TikTok in 2020 after I graduated college and had to move home because of the pandemic. Making videos online was the only way to stay active in comedy, and it also provided a fun mental escape. It took awhile for the ball to start rolling, but I just kept trying new styles of videos to see what fit. I made a lot of friends online who also made videos and we continue to stay in touch and support each other. Slowly but surely I started finding my voice, and I enjoyed learning internet/editing skills in the process.
SC: Your videos on TikTok are another avenue for your comedy and standup, how has your comedy evolved or changed since being on the platform?  
KC: Posting videos online has been such a crucial step in growing my audience. Having a larger audience has allowed me the chance to perform on more shows, in cities all across the country. I feel so grateful for the chance to share my comedic voice with others, it's a privilege I do my best not to take for granted. Comedy/entertainment can be such a vulnerable and exhausting industry, but having supporters who come to shows and send me words of encouragement has really helped me push through the ebbs and flows. 
In my experience, the internet values shorter content with higher shareability, so it's fun to have different mediums of comedy to play and explore my voice within. Since I started making videos online, I've also written a play, acted in movies and performed stand-up, sketch and improv. I love performing, and as I grow I'm honored to follow the projects and fellow collaborators that align with where I'm at in life. The internet has definitely helped me build a thicker skin, gain confidence and find my voice faster than I think I would have without it. SC: What’s up next for you?
KC: I'm currently working on my half hour stand-up special! My first headlining show sold out in two days, thanks to the exposure of Scram. Next year, I'll also be opening on tour for the amazing musical artist Corook! We'll be traveling all around the U.S. (Canada too!) and I'm so unbelievably excited. 
I also am in an awesome comedy group, Babe Motel, with two of my best friends, Avery Girion and Haley Stiel. We write and perform live/digital sketch comedy and we have some really exciting projects in the works. I also have dreams of writing books and acting in films. In the meantime, I plan to continue posting silly videos from an earnest place of uplifting authenticity. I hope being myself proudly can encourage others to do the same. I'm so excited and grateful for what's ahead.
Check out more interviews in Mashable's Small Talk, a series where we catch up with the internet's favorite Extremely Online individuals offline.

Topics
TikTok

Shannon Connellan is Mashable's UK Editor based in London, formerly Mashable's Australia Editor, but emotionally, she lives in the Creel House. A Tomatometer-approved critic, Shannon writes about everything (but not anything) across entertainment, tech, social good, science, and culture. Especially Australian horror.