Glastonbury Festival 2024 is in full swing and, among the masses of areas, tents, stalls, and more to explore across the site, many festivalgoers have been keeping up with their workout regime at Worthy Farm - despite the hot weather.
Workout sessions hosted by Joe Wicks have seen huge crowds, with more expected at tomorrow's session, too. Meanwhile, tents offering yoga and other activities have seen people come and go throughout the day.
The gates to this year's Glasto opened yesterday afternoon (Wednesday, June 26), however festivalgoers will continue to arrive ahead of the first proper day of music on Friday (June 28). And, while many come for the music, Glastonbury has plenty of places to keep up with your fitness plan, if you're used to keeping a tight schedule.
Though we're sure dancing along to the likes of Coldplay, Dua Lipa, SZA, Shania Twain, Cyndi Lauper, and others on the line-up this year, counts as a fair workout too.
Read more: Runners spotted at Glastonbury Festival for an early-morning jog on day two
Read more: Three 'secret' Glastonbury Festival bars that should be on your radar in 2024
Dotted around the festival site you'll find a number of tents and areas offering classes and activities. Take the Glasto Latino tent, for example, it's offering dance classes in the form of Salsa, Samba and more. You'll also find circus skills, like plate spinning, and hula hooping among others.
Back in 2023, many festivalgoers spotted joggers who, upon waking up at Worthy Farm, were seen enjoying some early morning exercise by running/jogging around the site. They took the opportunity, before the crowds were due to arrive, to run across Worthy Farm - either alone, in pairs or in small groups - passing iconic landmarks like the Pyramid Stage, the Ribbon Tower and more.
It may have been in preparation for an organised 5km fun run on the site - which saw some 200 people take part. Usually, around the festival site, you will find a number of activities to get stuck into - many of which involve music, or the peace and quiet of the Healing Fields.
And, what's more, given the size of Glastonbury Festival, festivalgoers can walk hundreds of miles across the weekend, accumulating tens of thousands of steps, simply trekking from one stage to another. One Reddit user says: "According to my phone I walked 120km last Glastonbury." While a second writes: "I run, bike and gym most days, but the 30k steps of Glasto were hard enough to tempt me into doing the 5k run!"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.