By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:29, 7 December 2024   |  Updated:  08:13, 7 December 2024   
 15
View  comments
In a rare outing, Ali Larter rocked the red carpet with her two children Vivienne and Theodore at KIIS FM's iHeartRadio Jingle Ball.
On Friday evening, the 48-year-old usually private actress and her kids color matched their ensembles for the star-studded bash in Los Angeles.
The Lovesick star looked age-defying in a glamorous, low-cut black gown with sparkles and open-toed heels. 
She teamed her look with a dainty diamond choker, letting her golden locks cascade over her shoulders.
Her son Theodore, 14, wore T-shirt and jeans paired with white sneakers and a trendy pearl necklace.
Vivienne, nine, wore a black sweater and skirt teamed with high-top converse.
Ali Larter rocked the red carpet with her two children Vivienne and Theodore at KIIS FM's iHeartRadio Jingle Ball on Friday
The Lovesick star looked age-defying in a glamorous, lowcut black gown with dark sparkles and open-toed heels
The trio appeared to be in good spirits and exchanged smiles on the red carpet.
This year's iHeartMedia 102.7 KIIS-FM Jingle Ball was held at Los Angeles' brand new Intuit Dome on Friday night.
Justin Bieber's wife Hailey, 27, was a presenter at the music event which also featured performances by rapper SZA and singer Tate McRae.
The infamous holiday concert-show saw special appearances from Nikki Glaser, Flavor Flav, Madison Bailey, Kelly Bensimon, Tamra Judge and Teddi Mellencamp.
Ali Larter from Landman, Tori Spelling, Joan Vassos from The Bachelorette and Chock Chapple were also in attendance.
The star-studded lineup for this year's show included Meghan Trainor, Kane Brown, Benson Boone, Madison Beer, Shaboozey, T-Pain, Paris Hilton and NCT Dream.
The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour stops will be part of the exclusive network special airing December 18 at 8:00 p.m. ET/7 p.m. CT on ABC, next day on Hulu.
Larter shares her two youngsters with her husband of 15 years, actor Hayes MacArthur.
The 48-year-old usually private actress and her kids colour matched their ensembles for the star studded bash in Los Angeles
The trio appeared to be in good spirits and exchanged smiles on the red carpet
She teamed her look with a dainty diamond choker, letting her golden locks cascade over her shoulders
Larter is slated to steam up the screens in Paramount's forthcoming series, Landman
Larter shares her two youngsters with her husband of 15 years, actor Hayes MacArthur; seen in November
The pair met in 2005 while costarring on National Lampoon's Homo Erectus and got engaged two years later.
In 2009, MacArthur and Larter said 'I do' in a lavish, intimate ceremony in Kennebunkport, Maine.
They welcomed their first child, son Theodore in 2010 and their daughter Vivienne in 2015. 
In September, the Legally Blonde actress got candid with Rue Magazine about why she packed her family's bags and permanently relocated from Hollywood to Sun Valley, Idaho during the COVID pandemic.
She told the outlet: 'We fell in love with the beauty of the mountains and their quiet grandness.
'Neither of us had ever lived in a small town before. People look out for each other. There’s a real sense of community here and we’re so happy to be a part of it.'
Larter also revealed that Amanda Masters — an interior designer who worked with the Varsity Blues vet and her husband on their Hollywood Hills house following their 2009 wedding — helped them build their 4,400-square-foot Sun Valley home in 2022. 
'Amanda is incredibly collaborative and easy to work with. She naturally knows how to merge our styles and help create spaces we both love to be in,' MacArthur said. 
Larter is slated to steam up the screens in Paramount's new series, Landman. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group