By HANNAH MCDONALD 
 Published:  11:43, 18 March 2024   |  Updated:  11:54, 18 March 2024   
 34
View  comments
Mel B has reignited hopes of a surprise Spice Girls 30th anniversary reunion at Glastonbury - days after Shania Twain was announced in the Legends slot. 
The line-up for Glastonbury 2024 was unveiled last week, with Dua Lipa, Sza and Coldplay set to take to the Pyramid stage. 
When US country music star Shania bagged the iconic Sunday Legends slot, Spice Girls fans thought that meant the possibility of a surprise appearance to celebrate 30 years of the girl band had been ruled out.
But speaking on Hits Radio Breakfast Show on Monday, Mel teased that there might be hope yet for Spice fans. 
'You don't know that we're not doing Glastonbury,' Mel, 48, coyly explained.
Mel B has reignited hopes of a surprise Spice Girls reunion at Glastonbury (pictured L-R Melanie Brown, Victoria Beckham, Geri Halliwell and Emma Bunton, crouched is Melanie Chisholm in 1996)
Mel (pictured on Friday) teased that there might be hope yet for Spice Girls fans  
She added: 'We are talking about doing something together - I can't say what it is 'cos I always get into trouble, loose lips sink ships and I'm not about to sink the ship! 
'I've had the kibosh put on me this time round but my aim is to get us back in to the studio, that would be nice.' 
Reports had claimed that all five original members would reunite in 2024 for a headline slot at Worthy Farm. 
In 2019, the band embarked on a 13-date UK tour without Mrs Beckham, nicknamed Posh Spice during her time with the group. 
At the time she told Vogue: 'It took me a lot of courage not to go on tour with the Spice Girls again, but to be the one who says: "You know, I'm not doing it because things feel different now than they used to."'
She was sounded out once again recently about returning to the Spice Girls for what would have been the first concerts with the original full line-up since the London Olympics closing ceremony in 2012.
A headline slot at next year's Glastonbury had been one of the possible dates discussed and promoters were hopeful that Victoria would agree to join Melanie Brown, Geri Halliwell, Melanie Chisholm and Emma Bunton for a performance there. 
A source told The Sun at the time: 'Victoria will be 50 next year, and the girls turning 30 seems like two ­anniversaries too good to miss.
'There will be no new music, and Victoria is adamant she doesn't want to perform live unless for an incredibly exciting one-off opportunity.
'The group have been in talks to headline Glastonbury and this would sit with Victoria's 'cool' aesthetic, and, certainly, hubby David and their four kids would love it.'
Spice Girls fans thought the possibility of a surprise appearance to celebrate 30 years of the girl band had been ruled out (pictured in 1996)
Mel added: 'We are talking about doing something together - I can't say what it is 'cos I always get into trouble, loose lips sink ships!' (Spice Girls pictured in 1997)
Taking to the Pyramid Stage this summer will be Dua Lipa , Coldplay and SZA, with Shania Twain playing the legendary Sunday slot (the Pyramid Stage pictured in 2022)
Glastonbury Festival's 2024 line-up has been branded 'the worst ever' by disappointed fans who have slammed the 'embarrassing' bill
 It comes after the line up for Glastonbury 2024 was dubbed 'the worst ever' by disappointed fans. 
Taking to the Pyramid Stage this summer will be Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, with Shania playing the legendary Sunday slot.
 Yet fans were unimpressed by the announcement, with many underwhelmed by Coldplay - who have headlined Glastonbury four times prior - while others were surprised by the addition of SZA, who has never scored a UK number one. 
Taking to X, formerly Twitter, many expressed their disappointment at the line-up and their annoyance that rumours Madonna was set to appear weren't realised. 
Annoyed festivalgoers shared: 'Interesting Glastonbury line up. Very disappointed Madonna said no. Also who the hell is Sza?????'; 'Thought SZA was one of the Wu Tang Clan #glastonbury'; 'Coldplay AGAIN? Jesus. And, sorry, who is Sza? Genuinely.' 
'I'm now old to the point where #Glastonbury has announced a headliner who I've never heard of in my life. It's over.'; 'Sorry but that #Glastonbury line-up….'; 'I've never heard of one of the Glastonbury headliners #Glastonbury';
'Never in the history of #Glastonbury has there been a more underwhelming set of headliners. Imagine wading through two foot deep mud to be greeted by a Coldplay headline set'; 'That's gotta be the worst #glastonbury line up like ever';
'What is that lineup? I genuinely haven't heard of 70% of these acts.'; 'That might just be the worst #Glastonbury lineup I've ever seen. Thoughts and prayers to those who managed to get a ticket.'
'Good God that's the worst Glastonbury line up ever'; 'What a downgrade from last year #glastonbury'; 'Never heard of SZA? #glastonbury'; 'That is an awful line up. The headliners are embarrassing #Glastonbury' 
'I have been many times and as much as there is much more that just the music, for me this is a terrible line up. #Glastonbury'; 'That must be the most mediocre set of headliners at Glastonbury ever. 
'One artist you have to google and the mediocrity dad rock of Coldplay. Shania Twain is stretching the definition of legend if you look at it from a UK perspective. Very disappointing #glastonbury'
While fans may not be impressed with the headliners, it marks the first time in the event's history that female acts have taken two of the three headline slots.
Taking to the Pyramid Stage this summer will be Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA (pictured) with Shania Twain playing the legendary Sunday slot
It marks the first time in the event's history that female acts have taken two of the three headline slots (Dua Lipa pictured) 
Coldplay (L-R) Jonny Buckland, Chris Martin, Will Champion and Guy Berryman will be taking to the Pyramid Stage for a fifth time 
Glastonbury bosses have been accused of choosing too many male acts to headline. Last year the line-up was all male, with Arctic Monkeys, Guns N' Roses and Sir Elton John taking the top slots.
Other acts on this year's line-up include Brit Award-winning rapper Little Simz and Afrobeats star Burna Boy, making his Pyramid Stage debut.
Big names like LCD Soundsytem, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka, Janelle Monae, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean and Ayra Starr will also be hitting the stage. 
13-member boyband Seventeen are set to become the first K-pop band to perform on the Pyramid stage.
Heading up the Other stage will be IDLES, Disclosure and The National, with The Streets, Two Door Cinema Club, Avril Lavigne and breakout stars The Last Dinner Party also set to play on the festival's second-biggest platform.
Joining these will be Camila Cabello, Bombay Bicycle Club, Bloc Party and Confidence Man.
Alongside the announcement on Glastonbury's official social media pages, bosses wrote: 'Here is the first Glastonbury Festival 2024 line-up poster. Many more acts and attractions still to be announced.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group