Glastonbury Festival ticket holders have a little over three weeks until the deadline to pay their balances. Payment will open the first week of April.
Both UK and International ticket balances of £280 as well as a £5 booking fee will be payable in the first week of April from 9am BST on Monday, April 1 until 11.59pm BST on Sunday, April 7. Ticket holders will also be able to add car park tickets and cancellation protection for bookings.
Glastonbury Festival will be sending out a reminder email for the balance payment, as well as keeping its social media channels updated. You can pay the balance for up to six tickets in one transaction, provided all the deposits have been paid and they are all the same ticket type. This way you’ll only pay one postage and packing fee.
For any tickets where the balance hasn’t been paid for by the end of the payment window (after 11.59pm BST on Sunday, April 7), the deposit will be refunded; with a £25 administration charge retained and all tickets for which the balance has not been paid will be cancelled. An additional £15 administration charge will be kept from any cancelled ticket with coach travel bookings.
All of the tickets which haven’t been paid for by the end of the deadline, or those which were cancelled by the end, will be entered into the official ticket resale. No date has been confirmed yet, but Glastonbury Festival’s site indicates it will take place in April.
Earlier today the festival announced its first wave of acts and artists confirmed for this year’s event. Headlining the Pyramid Stage will be pop sensation Dua Lipa, four-time veteran of the festival Coldplay, and Grammy Award-winning SZA.
Shania Twain will be filling the Legends slot on Sunday afternoon. Headlining the Other Stage will be Idles, Disclosure, The National. Acts who have also been announced include LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz, Burna Boy, PJ Harvey, Cyndi Lauper, Michael Kiwanuka, Jannelle Monae, Seventeen, Paul Heaton, Keane, Paloma Faith, Olivia Dean, and Ayra Starr.
Set to hit the Other Stage include D-Block Europe, The Streets, Two Door Cinema Club, Anne-Marie, Camilla Cabello, Avril Lavigne, Bombay Bicycle Club, Bloc Party, The Last Dinner Party, Nothing But Thieves, Confidence Man, and Headie One.
Glastonbury Festival recently announced it would be giving 20 pairs of tickets away in a massive raffle. The money raised will be donated to the British Red Cross, Oxfam and War Child who are working in areas of conflict delivering humanitarian support to those who need it most. For anyone interested in pledging, the prize draw is only open to UK residents.
People will have until 12pm (GMT) on Thursday, March 28. You can enter as many times as you want. Each winner will receive two tickets, with entry to the Festival for themselves and a guest. Entrants will be able to choose from four different options, based on different donations amounts.
For more information about Glastonbury Festival and the line-up, visit here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.