The festival takes place in Chicago this summer. 

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Megan Thee Stallion has a new stop as she continues her Hot Girl Summer Tour. The Houston rapper has been named a headliner at the 2024 Lollapalooza Festival in Chicago. The lineup update comes as California rapper Tyler, the Creator was forced to withdraw from the event. 

	Lollapalooza organizers confirmed the “Cocky Af” rapper’s booking on official event social media channels, as well as a website update. 

	“Hot girl summer in Chicago. Unfortunately, Tyler, The Creator will not be able to perform this year,” shared the announcement. 

	









Hot girl summer in Chicago ?Unfortunately, Tyler, the Creator will not be able to perform this year. See @theestallion headline Lolla on Thursday, August 1st! pic.twitter.com/qin2dCr0ii

	The “EARFQUAKE” performer himself updated fans that he would not be able to attend the summer affair.  Additionally, the 33-year-old also revealed he would no longer be performing at Outside Lands, set for the Bay area from Aug. 9 through Aug. 11. He was replaced on this lineup by rising pop star Sabrina Carpenter. 

	“i made a commitment that i can no longer keep, and that bums me out knowing how excited folks were,” wrote Tyler, the Creator on social media. “that is not sexy at all. please please forgive me or call me names when you see me in person. love.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Megan Thee Stallion To Open "THEE LITTEST Popeyes Ever"		
			







	While fans who purchased tickets for both events might not get to see the IGOR performer, both have full lineups where they are sure to find artists to enjoy. Additional headliners at Lollapalooza include SZA, Stray Kids, Hozier, Future, Metro Boomin, and more. Supporting acts include Tyla, BigXThaPlug, FLO, Victoria Monét, Raye, Killer Mike, Armani White, and more. 

	Set for Aug. 1-4, 2024 at Grant Park, Lollapalooza still has tickets available. General admission passes start at $149, with GA+, VIP, Platinum, and cabana options ranging in price. View the full lineup below and find details on the official website. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.