Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The actress teams with fine jewelry brand Cast on a classic yet edgy collection that's a true reflection of the star's personal style.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	Highly acclaimed for her roles in Insecure, Barbie and American Fiction, actress, writer and entrepreneur Issa Rae has officially ventured into jewelry design. 

	The multi-hyphenate artist has teamed with San Francisco-based fine jewelry brand Cast on a 22-piece collection that embodies the actress’s personal style and echoes her and Cast’s shared priorities of artful design, quality and versatility.



	Rae also aligned with the company’s sentiment around purchasing jewelry. “As a storyteller, the typical marketing around jewelry is that women wait to be gifted [it] by a man … and [Cast’s] whole ethos is about having women be able to gift themselves,” she tells THR.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








	The Braeve Jewelry Collection features earrings, rings, necklaces and bracelets in 14K gold, sterling silver, black onyx and Cast-created diamonds, the company’s exclusive lab-grown diamond collection. In her design process, the actress focused on the jewelry’s ability to transition from day to night, whether it’s accenting already elevated red carpet looks or making “the most simple outfit feel like a standout.”

	“My personal style day to day is very simple — jeans, t-shirts, Chucks — and that’s why this jewelry is my way of dressing up; it’s how I show that I belong in certain rooms, it’s like my effort in the office … I’ll put my hair up in a bun and won’t wear makeup but I’ll put jewelry on and it’s like, ‘I tried,'” says Rae.

	She then revealed, without hesitation, that her favorite piece in the collection is The Braeve Pendant Necklace for its uniqueness and undeniable versatility. The pendant offers three looks in one thanks to Cast’s Signature Flip Innovation that switches between an all-gold side, all-onyx side and a half gold and half onyx option. 

	Rae jokes, “I use it as a mood ring, or a mood necklace if anything, and I say that if it’s on the black side, ‘don’t f*** with me,’ if it’s on the gold side that I’m approachable and if it’s in the middle, you know, I’m even.” 

The Braeve Pendant Necklace along with the rest of the capsule’s modern yet timeless pieces are available to shop starting Tuesday, Sept. 17 at castjewelry.com, with select styles available at nordstrom.com. Prices range from $250-$5,900. 

	As for what else is in the works right now, Rae’s currently in post-production for a buddy comedy she’s producing starring SZA and Keke Palmer. She’s also writing a couple of TV shows “that [she’s] really, really excited about” along with a movie starring an actor she loves. 

	










	Check out a few more favorites from the Issa Rae for Cast collection below, and shop all 22 pieces at castjewelry.com.

	Shop the full collection at castjewelry.com.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.