For the fourth year in a row, Loyola University New Orleans’ School of Music and Theatre Professions has been recognized among the nation’s top music business programs. Billboard magazine once again included Loyola in its annual list of Top Music Business Schools for 2024, featured in the October 26 issue. Loyola joins other elite institutions such as the Roc Nation School of Music, Sports & Entertainment at Long Island University, the Herb Alpert School of Music at UCLA and London’s Abbey Road Institute.
Tim Kappel, who is a professor of practice in music law at Loyola, said he’s truly honored but not surprised by Billboard’s continued recognition of the program.  “Like my colleagues, my daily mission is to train the next generation of musicians and music professionals to be not just great in their craft or profession but also dedicated to human values like fairness, integrity and care, for self and others,” Kappel said. “Billboard’s recognition provides strong affirmation that we’re doing something meaningful down here in New Orleans – the birthplace of American music.”
Billboard highlighted the program’s strategic location in New Orleans, a city with a dynamic music scene. Loyola’s students gain hands-on experience through unique internships, including working at major festivals like the French Quarter Festival, where they handled various roles across 25 stages. Loyola’s curriculum also emphasizes real-world industry exposure, with students attending conferences such as South by Southwest, NAMM, and Americana Fest, and participating in specialized courses like Record Label Operations and Digital Strategies. This summer, students expanded their global perspectives through a two-week study abroad course at Regents University in London, which combined academic instruction with visits to prominent U.K. entertainment companies.
Building on the success of the Music Industry Studies program, Loyola has introduced two new degrees focused on contemporary commercial music: Popular and Commercial Music, and Hip Hop and R&B. The latter is the only degree of its kind globally, underscoring Loyola’s role as a pioneer in music education.
“Students come to Loyola because they know our program provides them with incredible opportunities to learn directly from industry professionals in one of America’s greatest musical cities, getting hands-on learning experiences playing and producing music in professional settings, and learning the entrepreneurial skills they need to build successful careers from their creative passions,” said Kate Duncan, director of the
School of Music and Theatre Professions and the Conrad N. Hilton Chair in Music Industry Studies at Loyola. “We are leading the charge of the new music industry, and we’re thrilled to be recognized once again as one of the best programs in the world for aspiring performers, songwriters and producers.”
The success of Loyola’s program is evident in its alumni, including Gerald “G-Eazy” Gillum ’11, a chart-topping artist and producer, and Carter Lang ’13, a Grammy-winning producer behind global hits like Post Malone’s “Sunflower” and SZA’s “SOS.”
You can read the full Billboard article here.
400 Esplanade Avenue (in the New Orleans Jazz Museum), New Orleans, LA 70116
[email protected]504-944-4300
© 2025 OffBeat MagazineWebsite by Westguard Solutions