"You've reminded me that I never have to choose between life, love, and my passion!"

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Cardi B has officially announced her third pregnancy. 

	The Bronx star revealed the news on social media with photos showing off her baby bump, dressed in a feathery red number while posing in front of the NYC skyline. The caption provides further context about how she’s feeling amid her journey and the surge motivation this pregnancy has given her. 

	She wrote, “With every ending comes a new beginning! I am so grateful to have shared this season with you, you have brought me more love, more life and most of all renewed my power! Reminded me that I can have it all! You’ve reminded me that I never have to choose between life, love, and my passion!”
A post shared by Cardi B (@iamcardib)

	The 31-year-old entertainer couldn’t forget to shout out her kids, continuing, “I love you so much and can not wait for you to witness what you helped me accomplish, what you pushed me to do! It’s so much easier taking life’s twists, turns and test laying down, but you, your brother and your sister have shown me why it’s worth it to push through!” 

	










	She and Offset share two children together, Kulture, 6, and Wave, 2. Check out the announcement above.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Cardi B Reveals The One Thing Still Missing From Sophomore Album Ahead Of Release		
			







	The comment section immediately showered the “Bodak Yellow” rapper with love and encouragement. “No matter what the media has to say Cardi b is a great mother,” one of the top replies read. Another user wrote, “Sending you so much love! You’re amazing, you’re such a humble soul & I’m wishing you a healthy & amazing pregnancy.” 
A post shared by Cardi B (@iamcardib)

	Today’s news cycle also included another announcement that wasn’t as joyful as the one above, as TMZ reported that Cardi and Offset are getting a divorce. The outlet’s source said the filing was “a long time in coming” and they’re “just disconnected from each other.”

	The “Be Careful” rapper has an eventful year ahead. She’s not only preparing to give birth, but also is expected drop her highly anticipated album. The project will serve as her sophomore LP, the official follow-up to 2018’s Invasion Of Privacy. That project won her a Grammy the following year and included hits like “I Like It” featuring Bad Bunny and J Balvin, “Bartier Cardi” featuring 21 Savage, “I Do” featuring SZA, and more. Revisit the project below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.