ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Los Angeles, CA - February 04: Winner Billie Eilish for Best Song Written for Visual Media and Song ... More of the Year, with trophy, at the 66th Grammy Awards held at the Crypto.com Arena  in Los Angeles, CA, Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024. (Jason Armond / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
For months now, many in the film world have been predicting that Billie Eilish may be headed for her second career Academy Award win for her Barbie hit single “What Was I Made For?” Now, following the Grammys, it seems like she’s all but guaranteed to claim the honor.
Eilish won two more awards at the 2024 Grammys. She and her brother Finneas, who co-writes and produces all of her music, won Best Song Written for Visual Media for “What Was I Made For?,” which was predicted by many. The single also earned Song of the Year–the top honor for songwriters in the music industry–and it’s that win that suggests another trophy will be in their future.
Now that “What Was I Made For?” has been declared the Song of the Year by the Grammys, it’s hard to imagine it not winning a similar honor in the film world. It stands to reason that if the tune was the best-written track of the past year, it’s also the best that was penned specifically for a film.
Eilish and her brother won Best Original Song at the Oscars just three years ago. At the 2021 ceremony, the siblings took home the same prize for “No Time to Die” from the James Bond film of the same name. Now, it looks like they're going to repeat that success in near-rapid fashion.
“What Was I Made For?” also marked Eilish and Finneas’ second Song of the Year win at the Grammys. They earned the honor back in 2020 for Eilish’s breakout smash “Bad Guy.” She is now one of a very select few artists who have claimed the category twice.
Eilish was up for six Grammys at the 2024 ceremony, but she only took home two. Five of those nods were for “What Was I Made For?,” which was also up for Best Music Video, Best Pop Solo Performance, and Record of the Year. She was also a potential winner in the Best Pop Duo/Group Performance vertical for her Labrith collaboration “Never Felt So Alone,” though that honor went to SZA and Phoebe Bridgers for “Ghost in the Machine.”
To win Best Original Song, Eilish is up against "The Fire Inside" from Flamin' Hot, "I'm Just Ken" which is also from Barbie, "It Never Went Away" from American Symphony, and "Wahzhazhe (A Song for My People)" from Killers of the Flower Moon. The Academy Awards will be held on March 10, 2024.