The host, author, and actress is setting trends again in a rare vintage Dior accessory.
Source: Prince Williams / Getty
Keke Palmer is not letting up! This week, the multihyphenate queen blessed our social media feeds with a new Fandango promo video for the upcoming movie One of Them Days.
But all anyone can talk about is her jaw-dropping look. As expected, Big Boss Keke did not come to play.
 


					Related Stories
				





KeKe Palmer Shuts Down Plans To Air Jonathan Majors Interview






Red Carpet Rundown: Black Hollywood Turns Out For The 2025 Fashion Trust U.S. Awards






Keke Palmer Tapped as Keynote Speaker for Black Tech Week






Channeling serious ’90s fly girl vibes, Keke rocked a deep indigo denim body-hugging dress from Jean Paul Gaultier. But it wasn’t just the dress that had us in a frenzy—it was the details.
Her glam girl updo was pure perfection, her soft makeup brought a touch of Whitney Houston elegance, and her gold rings gave the ensemble a subtle edge.
RELATED: 8 Times Keke Palmer Showed Off Her Vivacious Virgo Style
One of the most striking elements of Keke’s look was her matching denim and gold three-tiered vintage choker. The rare Spring 2000 design from Dior was sourced from the renowned designer archive QV Archive. The choker tied the entire look together seamlessly.
This elevated fashion moment feels like a love letter to the ’90s while proving that Keke remains a trendsetter. With this look, Keke makes the case for bringing back bold, oversized chokers—and we’re here for it.
Her accessory is the perfect addition to our obsession with retro layered belts, gaudy necklaces, and stacked bracelets. Who wouldn’t want to take this energy into 2025?
Keke’s fans are already ready for this trend. “That denim choker is a silent killer ,” one follower gushed on Instagram.
Keke may have slayed in the promo, but so did her SZA and Issa Rae. Both brought their own fire and stand-out style to the Fandango clip.
SZA, known for her bold and daring fashion choices, stunned in a mix of prints and textures. She wore a tan satin top with rose embroidery, a gathered bra-tie detail, and a black-and-white floral print skirt. The singer completed her look with a red pendant necklace and simple gold jewelry.
Issa Rae, on the other hand, served up producer chic. She wore a sophisticated black-and-silver mini A-line sleeveless dress and understated jewelry.
In One of Them Days, Keke and SZA play “two broke besties,” navigating the ups and downs of life, love, and laughter. Produced by Issa Rae, the film also features a star-studded cast, including Katt Williams, Janelle James, and Aziza Scott.
Mark your calendars because it hits theaters on January 24, 2025. See the promo video below.
RELATED
KeKe Palmer On 2024: ‘ Have Never Been So Happy In My Life!!’
14 Fabulous Red Carpet Photos Of Keke Palmer


Keke Palmer’s ‘90s Fly Girl Style Is Making Us Want To Bring Back The Denim Choker 
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.