Photo: Getty Images
Kendrick Lamar is calling out Lil Wayne amid the controversy over his upcoming performance at Super Bowl LIX. On Friday, November 22, K.Dot stunned fans when he released his sixth studio album GNX without warning. On the introductory track "wacced out murals," Kendrick recalls how much he idolized Weezy over a decade ago and mentions the way he used to bump Wayne's 2008 album Tha Carter III. However, Lamar claims he "let Lil Wayne down" after he was chosen to headline the Super Bowl Halftime Show. "Used to bump Tha Carter III, I held my Rollie chain proud/Irony, I think my hard work let Lil Wayne down," he raps.
Kendrick Lamar and Lil Wayne were cool up until Lamar was selected to headline the Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show in New Orleans back in September. Immediately after the announcement, Weezy's fans were outraged that the NFL and Roc Nation didn't book him as the headliner. The Hollygrove native was just as upset as his fans were. In a video he posted to social media, Wayne revealed he was hurt when he learned the news. "It hurt a whole lot," he said. "I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown. And for automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So I blame myself for that. But I thought that was nothing better than that spot and that stage and that platform in my city, so it hurt. It hurt a whole lot."
Wayne isn't the only legend Lamar calls out. Later on in his verse, he also mentions Snoop Dogg when he brings up the time when Uncle Snoop reposted Drake's "Taylor Made Freestyle." The song features AI-generated verses from Snoop and the late 2Pac, who address Lamar directly amid his beef with Drizzy. In his verse, Lamar said he didn't take Snoop's reaction to the diss track personally and "let it go." However, he did reveal that the only artist who congratulated him after he secured the headlining slot during the Super Bowl Halftime Show was Nas. "Snoop posted "Taylor Made," I prayed it was the edibles," Lamar raps. "I couldn't believe it, it was only right for me to let it go/Won the Super Bowl and Nas the only one congratulate me."Kendrick Lamar's GNX album also features appearances from SZA, AZ Chike, Sam Dew, and more. It also features production from Mustard, Sounwave, Jack Antonoff and others. Listen to GNX on iHeartRadio now!