If you’re one of the chosen few who managed to grab tickets for Glastonbury Festival, just know it’s going to be a scorcher. 
You might be forgiven for ducking inside your tent for a bit of shade as today is likely to see the highest temperatures of up to 27°C.
Though, as this is Britain after all, there is one small snag. During the peak heat at around 3pm, it’ll largely be cloudy.
For the latest news and updates on Glastonbury, follow Metro.co.uk’s live blog here
For those who will take the famous walk up the Glastonbury hill to watch the sunset, they will have to make sure they are all set up with camp for the sunset at 9.30pm.
The warm enough temperatures – well, by Somerset standards – are largely here to stay. The Met Office expects highs of 19°C tomorrow.
Temperatures will stay generally cool for the rest of the week, never going higher than 20°C.
Hayfever sufferers will also have to pack extra tablets and will be hoping they had bought themselves some Glastonbury honey early doors as the pollen count will be very high over the weekend.
A pollen bomb is set to hit most of the UK, and many Brits will be sniffling and rubbing their eyes through the next week.
But to ensure they get the best views of headliners Coldplay, Dua Lipa and SZA, allergy-prone party-goers will need to ensure they have plenty of antihistamines.
For the biggest acts of the weekend, the weather at Glastonbury is set to be some of the best in recent years.
Over the last couple of festival seasons, Glasto-goers have faced very damp and muddy conditions, but the hottest year so far was back in 2019.
Five years ago Worthy Farm had its hottest festival to date, as it managed to hit record temperatures. The famous farm basked in 31°C. temperatures.
High temperature: 27°C
Weather forecast: Sunny intervals changing to cloudy by lunchtime.
High temperature: 19°C.
Weather forecast: Light rain changing to sunny intervals by lunchtime.
High temperature: 19°C
Weather forecast: Cloudy changing to sunny intervals by lunchtime.
High temperature:  20°C
Weather forecast: Sunny intervals changing to cloudy by late morning..
High temperature: 20°C.
Weather forecast: Sunny intervals changing to cloudy by late morning.
Glastonbury Festival is located on Worthy Farm, Pilton, Somerset is the largest greenfield music and performing arts festival in the world.
The gates to Glastonbury Festival 2024 opened at 8am today with the event running until Sunday, 30 June.
The majority of the live music performances take place between 29-30 June, with many of them also shown on TV.
Get in touch with our news team by emailing us at webnews@metro.co.uk.
For more stories like this, check our news page.
Arrow
MORE: Glasto bladder is a thing — here’s how to avoid it
Arrow
MORE: Inside Glastonbury’s poshest campsite with chic interiors, a concierge, spa and swimming pool
Arrow
MORE: Who is playing at Glastonbury today, Thursday, June 27th?
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy
Stay on top of the headlines with daily email updates.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Your information will be used in line with our Privacy Policy