The day after Top Dawg Entertainment brought a free concert with performances from SZA, Doechii, Kendrick Lamar, GloRilla, and more to residents of Watts, CA., the record label continued to spread the holiday cheer giving back to the community. At its 11th annual Christmas Concert and Toy Drive, TDE welcomed an audience of 10,000 attendees and distributed $750,000 worth of toys and clothing donations for families in the local community. The two-day event was presented by TDE’s charity Top Dawg Love the Kids, a 501 3C incorporated in 2023.
Gathering in the gymnasium and outside play area, the Nickerson Gardens residents were excited to receive gifts through a toy giveaway, raffle prizes, youth sports programming, barbering services, carnival attractions, a snow experience, and a family holiday photo opportunity as well as other festive activities. Children were able to select multiple items with the help of volunteers including rapper Jay Rock.
Day two of TDE’s community giveback at Nickerson Gardens in Watts, CA. with a job fair, toy & shoe giveaways, raffles, youth sport programming, hair cuts & more #TDEXMAS pic.twitter.com/rvptCDFO4o
— VIBE Magazine (@VibeMagazine) December 13, 2024
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
Outside of items donated by concert attendees, key contributions came from Jakks Pacific, Inc. Amazon, Amazon Music Rotation, and PhatMojo. Brands that donated products for the gift drive include Converse, True Religion, Pro Club, The Shop Men’s Grooming, K-Swiss, and more.
Additionally, The Los Angeles Rams have planned a co-ed football clinic for youth ages 7-14. Adults in attendance were able to seek new opportunities as TDE partnered with the Housing Authority of the City of Los Angeles (HACLA) Watts WorkSource Center hosting a job fair with organizations offering employment on-site, and are aligned with creating reentry pathways for ex-offenders.
Take a look at moments from the community celebration below.
 Copyrights © 2024 Huewire.com. 
Login to your account below


Remember Me

Fill the forms below to register
Please enter your username or email address to reset your password.

- Select Visibility -PublicPrivate 
Copyrights © 2024 Huewire.com.