"The first time you came for me I let it slide outta respect for my elders," the "What It Is" artist pointed out.

													By
												

	Kyle Denis


	Whether it’s Megan Thee Stallion vs. Nicki Minaj, Drake and J. Cole v. Kendrick Lamar and Future, or the City Girls fighting each other, 2024 is filling up with rap beefs. The two latest rap stars to jump in the ring are “What It Is” hitmaker Doechii and “212” emcee Azealia Banks, who jumped in the former’s Instagram comment section to throw some shade on Tuesday night (April 9).

	It all started when Doechii shared a few flicks from an artsy photoshoot on the social media platform Saturday (April 6). In her caption, she mused, “Ok y’all… what should our fandom name be?” 

	










	In response to Doechii’s question to her fans, Banks replied, “Definitely should call them the ‘wannabe’s,'” insinuating that Doechii and her supporters are mere facsimiles of herself and her fandom.

	Doechii quickly clapped back, commenting, “@azealiabanksforever the first time you came for me I let it slide outta respect for my elders. It’s not my fault you sellin bussy soap and I’m sellin platinum records. Leave me alone PLEASE.”

	The RIAA bestowed a platinum certification on “What It Is” in February. Banks, in comparison, does not have a single or album certified by the RIAA.

	Banks has yet to respond to Doechii’s jab, but that’s likely not too high on her priority list given her recent tussles with other high-profile artists. On Sunday (April 7), she shared an Instagram post in which she wrote that “Tyler, the Creator and Lil Nas X should get over their obsession with broke white b—y and become a power couple.” Two weeks prior on March 20, she dragged Beyoncé‘s Cowboy Carter album cover and title, only to later slam Lily Allen for talking down on Queen Bey’s country pivot. 

	Doechii, for her part, is enjoying the release of her latest single — the house-inflected “Alter Ego” — which features fellow Florida native JT of City Girls.

	Since signing with Capitol Records and Top Dawg Entertainment in 2022, Doechii has enjoyed some of her biggest commercial success yet, including a top 40 Billboard Hot 100 hit with the Kodak Black-assisted “What It Is” and a collaboration with Billboard 200-topping superstar SZA (“Persuasive”).
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.