Popular riverside bar and café Beese's has confirmed its reopening and it’s less than two weeks away. The much-loved venue has confirmed that it will be opening its doors to customers on Good Friday (March 29) for the first time in 2024, kickstarting its open season.
Located on the banks of the River Avon at Conham Park, which can be reached by foot or by ferry, the not-so-secret venue has become hugely popular not just with locals but also visitors. The bar itself runs a £1 return boat crossing the width of the river, which allows people to park at Conham Road car park and finish their journey with a 30-second trip across the water to reach Beese's.
But on certain days and times, another option is to take a one-hour cruise on one of Bristol's iconic yellow ferry boats from the city centre. The journey follows the Feeder Canal through Netham Lock and St Annes into the river park, but booking is essential.
Read More: What Glastonbury Festival headliners get paid as Dua Lipa, SZA and Coldplay confirmed
Read More: Dua Lipa issues emotional statement after being announced as Glastonbury headliner
Beese's itself will be open from Friday to Sunday each week, and bank holidays. From live music every Friday to different cuisine themed nights, visitors can spend the evening tucked away among the greenery with good food, great entertainment and stunning views.
To open the 2024 season with a bang, the first weekend will feature several events. The opening night on Friday will see Razzomo Duo perform for the night, a folk band who play their own versions of Balkan Klezmer and Celtic folk.
Then on the Saturday (March 30), visitors can enjoy Briz Day, Brislington's annual community day offering fun for all the family, with live music, comedy and a business exhibition with free entry all day. To close the opening weekend, visitors can celebrate Easter with friends and family by enjoying one of Beese's Easter weekend roasts and even a visit from the Easter bunny.
A return Bristol Ferry Boats ticket to the bar will cost £18 while a single ticket is £12.50, with the journey starting at Welsh Back. The ferry won’t run every weekend due to high or low tides but you can find the full calendar on the ferry’s website.
For a longer cruise, Bristol Packet also runs a lunch boat trip to Beese's as well as an evening cruise, priced from £20.25 for an adult return. Number Seven Boat Trips also promotes a Beese's route on its website.
For those not keen on the water, there is also pedestrian access to the venue via Broomhill. For all opening information as well as a full list of events for the 2024 calendar, head to the Beese's Riverside Bar website, where you’ll also be able to book if your group has six or more people.
Feeling curious? Follow Curiously on TikTok , Instagram , Facebook and X .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.