AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Lil Durk collaborated with country music star Morgan Wallen on the songs “Broadway Girls” and “Stand By Me.”

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Lil Durk envisioned winning another Grammy Award next year after winning his first one on Sunday (February 4). The Chicago-bred rapper teased a collaborative album with country music star Morgan Wallen in an interview with Entertainment Tonight at the 2024 Grammys.
“It’s gonna be a collab album soon,” Lil Durk said. “So that means I’ll see you again next year.”
The Alamo Records artist previously worked with Wallen on the songs “Broadway Girls” and “Stand By Me.” Lil Durk developed a friendship with Wallen, defending the controversial singer after Wallen was caught using a racial slur on a video in 2021. 
“Nah, he ain’t no racist,” Lil Durk said of Wallen in a 2022 interview with TMZ. “That’s my boy. Also, we had a long talk. He had his public situation. We had it behind closed doors. I vouch for him and he’s good. He ain’t canceled. I talked to him. When I say you ain’t canceled, you ain’t canceled.”
Lil Durk reiterated his support for Wallen in 2023. The multi-platinum-selling rapper said Walled opened his “mind to a different view of life” in an interview with the Los Angeles Times.
“I went and talked to him to see what was up with [the video],” he said. “When I hung out with him, it was totally the opposite. He was nowhere near racist. That’s my dawg. I took my own risk to show the world that he isn’t that.”
Lil Durk won the Grammy Award for Best Melodic Rap Performance at Sunday’s ceremony. He secured his first Grammy for the J. Cole collaboration “All My Life,” which appeared on last year’s Almost Healed album. Durkio and J. Cole won in a field that included Drake, 21 Savage, Doja Cat, SZA and Burna Boy.
Revisit Lil Durk and Wallen’s latest collab below.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity