By
			
			Brandon Schreur		

Cooper Hoffman, Leslie Man, and more have been cast in Maude Apatow’s feature film directorial debut, Poetic License.
Maude Apatow, who is the daughter of Knocked Up director Judd Apatow and Mann, is making her feature film directorial debut with Poetic License, which is about a woman who becomes the center of attention for two dueling best friends.
Per Deadline, Hoffman (Licorice Pizza), Mann (The 40-Year-Old Virgin), Andrew Barth Feldman (No Hard Feelings), and Nico Parker (The Last of Us) have all been cast in the film.
“Poetic License follows Liz, a former therapist and soon-to-be empty nester, as she becomes the unexpected point of tension between two inseparable best friends and college seniors, Sam and Ari,” Deadline’s description of the film reads. “Liz is forced to reexamine her life as the boys’ friendship unravels in a fierce competition for her affection.”
The script for Poetic License was written by Raffi Donatich. Jewelbox Pictures, Apatow Productions, and Levantine Films are producing the movie.
Maude Apatow is best known for playing Lexi Howard in HBO’s Euphoria. She has also appeared in a number of her father’s movies, including 2007’s Knocked Up, 2009’s Funny People, 2012’s This Is 40, and 2020’s The King of Staten Island.
She additionally played Henrietta Castello in the Hollywood 2020 Netflix miniseries, which was co-created by Ryan Murphy, and has starred in other movies such as 2016’s Other People, 2017’s The House of Tomorrow, and 2018’s Assassination Nation.
She’ll soon be seen alongside Michelle Pfeiffer and Chloë Grace Moretz in Michael Showalter’s Oh. What. Fun. and in a still untilted Lawrence Lamont movie that also stars Keke Palmer, SZA, Lil Rel Howery, and Katt Williams.
A release date for Poetic License has not yet been announced.
Brandon Schreur has been writing about comics, movies, television shows, and all things pop culture for roughly five years. He's a lifelong cinephile who spends way, way too much money buying Blu-rays and trade paperbacks. You can find him on twitter at @brandonschreur.
Share article