The pop group IVE make their Lollapalooza debut this August.
Jae-Ha Kim
While the U.S. leg of IVE’s ‘Show What I Have’ world tour is over, the pop group will return to Chicago on Aug. 3 to make their Lollapalooza debut. While preparing for the festival, the group’s members said it was important to them to create a unique set so that their show is enjoyable for both fans and newcomers who may not be familiar with their music.
“For a festival stage, we have to make a big impact in a shorter amount of time,” said Gaeul. “So we want to focus on performing songs that will make everyone excited and enjoy the music all together.” Her bandmate Anyujin added, “We’ll be performing with a live band for Lollapalooza. We’re planning to include a lot of our title tracks in our setlist so that everyone at the festival can enjoy our songs with us.” This interview was conducted with all six members in Korean and translated into English. It has been edited for length and clarity.
Q: What would you like to do in Chicago during this visit?
Anyujin: Last time I came to Chicago, I wasn’t able to try Chicago pizza. So it’d be nice to try it this time.
Gaeul: I was sad I didn’t get to try Chicago pizza, too!
Liz: I've heard that the architecture is famous there, so I would like to take a closer look at it, if possible.
Leeseo: I’d like to take a walk around the streets of Chicago and try some delicious desserts!
Rei: I want to have Chicago pizza again and enjoy the other performances at Lollapalooza!
Jangwonyoung: I want to try eating food that’s popular in Chicago.
Q: How has traveling influenced your music?
Anyujin: I think traveling around the world and meeting diverse audiences has really helped me when performing.
Gaeul: Traveling definitely influences us, because the experiences we have help us to develop and grow.
Q: Which childhood trip stands out?
Rei: When I was younger, I always went to Hawaii during summer break. I have a lot of happy memories of just enjoying nature without any worries, doing leisure sports and eating good food.
Jangwonyoung: I went to Disney World with my family when I was young. It was the world's largest theme park, so it was an unforgettable gift for young [me].
Leeseo: I remember going to the Disneyland in Tokyo with my family when I was young. As I love both attractions and Disney, it felt like a dream!
Anyujin: I think the most memorable trip for me was when I went skiing. I wasn’t very good at skiing so I remember that I went too fast and it was scary.
Gaeul: I actually only went on my first international trip after our debut. I went to Jeju Island in Korea when I was very young.
Liz: Since I lived in Jeju Island, I often traveled to Seoul. The memory of going to amusement parks stands out the most.
Q: What was it like performing at London's The O2 – your first time playing in the United Kingdom?
Anyujin: The energy was so hot. It was especially meaningful because I’ve always liked Little Mix and I was able to perform our cover of [their song ‘Woman Like Me’] in London.
Gaeul: I was really happy to have our first concert there in such a large and cool venue. It was so fun to see everyone cheering and enjoying the show with us.
Liz: The cheers from the audience were amazing, and it felt like we performed tirelessly. If given the chance, it's a place where I'd like to perform again.
Q: What are your five favorite cities that you have visited?
Anyujin: Los Angeles, New York, Taipei, Barcelona, Bangkok.
Gaeul: Los Angeles, New York, Madrid, Paris, Tokyo.
Q: Where would you like to go that you have never been to before?
Rei: Greece! I really want to see Santorini’s beautiful scenery with my own eyes.
Jangwonyoung: I’d love to visit the Maldives.
Q: When you go away, what are some of your must-have items?
Rei: My blanket! I cherish my blanket so much that I can’t sleep without it.
Jangwonyoung: I definitely need earphones with me.
Q: Do you shop for souvenirs when you're away?
Liz: I usually shop for clothes, focusing on things and stores that are unique to that place.
Leeseo: I like snacks, so I usually buy chocolate or famous desserts from that country.
Q: What's the most important thing you've learned from your travels?
Anyujin: That being prepared and thorough is important for making plans.
Gaeul: The experiences I’ve had so far have given me leisure time. And because I have more leisure, I’m able to make the stage my own when I’m performing.
Rei: I’ve learned how important conversations with people are.
Jangwonyoung: Becoming a person with a broader mind by experiencing more things than before.
Liz: I realized the importance of communication and felt like I should improve my language skills more.
Leeseo: Being able to handle any situation well.
Q: Who do you look forward to seeing perform at Lollapalooza?
Anyujin: SZA, Victoria Monét, Tyla. I enjoy listening to their songs, so I’m excited to be performing at the same festival as them!
Gaeul: Kesha. I listened to “Tik Tok” a lot when I was younger so I’m excited to see her perform live.
Rei: I’m excited to see Labrinth, Victoria Monét and SZA.
Jangwonyoung: Tyla. I like her songs.
Liz: SZA. I'm curious and excited about our own stage as well.
Leeseo: Tyla.
(Jae-Ha Kim is a New York Times bestselling author and travel writer. You can respond to this column by visiting her website at www.jaehakim.com. You may also follow “Go Away With…” on Twitter at @GoAwayWithJae where Jae-Ha Kim welcomes your questions and comments.)
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Most adults catching a flight in the United States starting May 7 will be required to present a passport or an upgraded state-issued identific…
Trump's attacks on Canada's economy and threats to make it the 51st state have infuriated Canadians, who are canceling trips to the U.S. in bi…
Memorial Day weekend is right around the corner, and with it comes the promise of longer days, warmer weather, and the perfect excuse to jumps…
For today’s trucker, every mile counts. Whether you’re hauling coast-to-coast or doing short regional runs, protecting your engine and maximiz…
If you’re a parent wrestling with guilt over how much screen time your kids get, you’re far from alone. A new nationwide survey by Lingokids, …
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.