Also: Teddy Swims' 'Lose Control' becomes the singer's first top-five hit on Billboard's Hot 100 singles chart.

								By 

	Thania Garcia


Jack Harlow‘s “Lovin on Me” reigns for another week at No. 1 on Billboard’s Hot 100 songs chart. 

	“Lovin on Me,” a song that samples Delbert “Dale” Greer’s “Whatever,” marks a fourth non-consecutive week at No. 1 since the lone single climbed to the summit on the Jan. 8-dated list. The song debuted at No. 2 on the list back in November after gaining a loyal pool of listeners online and is now Harlow’s longest-leading single, following three weeks at No. 1 for his 2022 single “First Class.” The song logs 74 million radio airplay audience impressions this week and 27 million streams, according to data provided by Luminate. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					How to Watch the 2025 NBA Playoffs Online Without Cable		
			








	Taylor Swift’s former chart leader “Cruel Summer” is at No. 2 this week followed by Canadian pop singer Tate McRae’s “Greedy” at No. 3. And jumping from No. 8 to No. 4 is Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control,” which hits a new peak just two weeks after the song became the Georgia singer-songwriter’s first Top 10 single.




			Popular on Variety		






	Zach Bryan’s “I Remember Everything,” featuring Kacey Musgraves, is at No. 5 and Ariana Grande’s “Yes, And?” slips to No. 6 on the Hot 100, a week after it arrived at No. 1. Although the single — the first off Grande’s highly-anticipated upcoming album, “Eternal Sunshine” — lifted in radio reach this week (earning 26 million impressions), the song’s impact on streaming dropped 39% in the last tracking week. 

	Elsewhere, Doja Cat occupies two spaces in the Top 10 with “Agora Hills” at No. 7, and “Paint the Town Red” at No. 8. SZA’s “Snooze” continues its hold at No. 9 and rounding out the Top 10 is 21 Savage’s “Redrum” to No. 10. 

	Meanwhile, “Redrum’s” parent LP “American Dream” rules the Billboard 200 for a second week consecutive week. “American Dream,” with guest verses from Doja Cat, Travis Scott, Lil Durk, Young Thug and others, collected 78,000 album-equivalent units in the United States.

	The only new release in the Top 10 of the albums chart this week comes from Green Day. The pop-punk outfit’s 14th studio record, “Saviors,” debuted at No. 4 this week with 49,000 units — a majority of that sum (39,000) deriving from traditional album sales. 

	Also on this week’s Billboard 200, Morgan Wallen’s “One Thing at a Time” climbs to No. 2 as Drake’s “For All the Dogs” also lifts to No. 3. Filling out the remaining Top 10 spots are Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” at No. 5;  Swift’s “1989 (Taylor’s Version)” at No. 6; SZA’s “SOS” is at No. 7; Nicki Minaj’s “Pink Friday 2” is at No. 8; Bryan’s self-titled is at No. 9 and Swift’s “Lover” is at No. 10. 
The Business of Entertainment