Whether you’ve got a hot date ahead or are simply looking to upgrade your underwear drawer, it’s never a bad time to shop for lingerie.
And when it comes to the best bras, panties and everything in between, celebrities like Rihanna, Kim Kardashian and Sabrina Carpenter seriously know their stuff. Not only do they have to look picture-perfect in every Instagram thirst trap, but they’re also pros at picking just the right underthings to disappear (or stand out!) beneath a designer look.
Below, shop the best luxury lingerie brands, according to the stars. 
Long hailed as the purveyor of Jennifer Aniston’s favorite panties, Hanky Panky’s signature stretch lace thongs are also loved by SZA, Cameron Diaz and Cher.
Cute design details aside, the hero style’s also hailed for its comfort; Barbara Corcoran even told the Strategist, “they don’t feel like you have underwear on.”
But it’s not all undies for the New York brand; Hanky Panky also offers camisoles, bralettes and bodysuits in the same elegant yet elastic fabric.
This NYC-based brand’s embellished underpinnings are so beautiful, you’ll be tempted to show them off outside the bedroom, too. 
For those feeling less adventurous, Fleur du Mal also makes knit and silk styles that cover slightly more skin. (Nicole Kidman wore a berry-colored slip in a scene from “Babygirl,” while Taylor Swift selected the Long Sleeve Flare Corset Dress for a date with Travis Kelce.)
Superstar fans also include Tyla, Sabrina Carpenter, Selena Gomez, Victoria Beckham and Jenna Lyons, who once gifted Fleur du Mal underthings to her “RHONY” castmates in a memorable Season 14 scene.
Stars’ love for this label is hardly a secret. But while Victoria’s Secret’s perhaps best known for its star-studded fashion shows, it’s a superstar staple off the runway, too.
Taylor Swift wore one of its corset tops to a Kansas City Chiefs game, while Sabrina Carpenter enlisted the brand to create custom stage looks for her “Short n’ Sweet” tour.
The brand’s more everyday looks are also a hit; Hailey Bieber once declared the T-Shirt Lightly Lined Bra “perfect” in a Who What Wear interview. (And our own editors concur.)
Kim Kardashian’s “solutionwear” brand may have started out with shaping undergarments in 2019, but it’s since expanded to offer bodysuits, underwear, bras and loungewear — much of which Page Six Style has tested. And of course, everything’s available in an inclusive size range and selection of Kardashian-approved neutral tones.
In addition to the shapewear mogul herself — who’s modeled everything from neon swimwear to the much-discussed nipple bra — Skims frequently enlists major stars for its campaigns. In 2024 alone, Charli XCX, Nicola Coughlan, Nia Long, Olivia Munn and Tate McRae stripped down to their Skims for viral photoshoots.
This British brand’s boudoir-ready wares are a hit with the likes of Dua Lipa, Kylie Jenner, Beyoncé, Rita Ora and Sofia Vergara, and it’s not hard to see why. In addition to cheeky, colorful lingerie and strappy swimwear, AP offers a selection of accessories ranging from whips and body chains to pasties. Oh là là!
Rihanna’s lingerie line disrupted the market with its accessible pricing and inclusive size range when it launched in 2018, and with famous fans including Normani and the Hadid sisters, it hasn’t lost any of that steam since. 
Whether you’re searching for something little and lacy for a hot date or comfortable cotton essentials to make you look and feel your best, the Bad Gal’s got something to fit the bill — and while the prices might not scream “luxury,” the quality speaks for itself.
Want to look and feel sexy without sacrificing comfort? Cosabella (which translates to “beautiful thing” in Italian) has you covered. Its seamless lace and featherweight mesh bralettes and undies are so soft, you’ll want to sleep in them — just ask famous fans Amal Clooney and Ariana Grande, the latter of whom owns the Never Say Never Sweetie Bralette.
When it comes to no-frills underthings that fit and feel like a second skin, you can’t get much better than Commando. A staple on red carpets and runways and in Hollywood stylists’ kits, the female-helmed brand’s foundation garments are made from the best luxury technical fabrics, and range from thongs and camis to faux leather leggings. No wonder Olivia Wilde, Ashley Graham, Nicole Scherzinger and Serena Williams are smitten.
How do you score brand ambassadors like Emily Ratajkowski, Jennifer Lopez and Heidi Klum? Offer beautifully made bras, sleepwear, slips and panties that both look and feel expensive, but won’t break the bank. There’s a reason why Intimissimi’s super popular in Europe.
If splurging doesn’t scare you, you won’t find more stunning silk and lace intimates than those from this Italian heritage label. Founded by corset maker Ada Masotti in Bologna in 1954, La Perla crafts timeless lingerie, sleepwear and swimwear loved by stars including Priyanka Chopra, Gwyneth Paltrow and Kendall Jenner (who previously served as the face of the brand). In 2023, Miley Cyrus even sported a set from the brand — and nothing else — in scenes from her “Flowers” music video.
Bridging the gap between underwear and streetwear, Selena Gomez- and Dua Lipa-approved label Kiki de Montparnasse makes lovely lace-trimmed bras, panties, garters, slips and corsets in addition to tailored ready-to-wear ideal for a night on the town. Ready to bring the fun back home? An assortment of adult toys are also available — some of which have been spotlighted in Goop’s buzzy gift guides over the years.
Though perhaps best known for the plunging one-piece swimsuit spotted on everyone from Sydney Sweeney to Jennifer Lopez, this French brand’s roots are in lace lingerie. Gooseberry’s sweet yet daring bodysuits have proven particularly popular with celebs like Emily Ratajkowski, Khloé Kardashian and Bella Thorne.
This article was written by Elana Fishman, founding editor of Page Six Style. Elana applies her celebrity fashion and beauty expertise to shoppable content for fellow fans as the host of video series including Style Trial, Heart to Cart and Beauty Scoop — and by tracking down every Taylor Swift-worn style so you can shop it, too. Elana consults celebrity stylists on the latest street style and red carpet trends, researches which celebrity-backed brands and products are worth it, and chats with the stars themselves for beauty and fashion recommendations. Prior to Page Six Style’s inception in 2018, Elana covered celebrity fashion at Vox Media, Lucky, Marie Claire and Teen Vogue.