The first batch of Glastonbury 2025 tickets sold out within 30 minutes
The first group of tickets for Glastonbury Festival 2025 sold out in 30 minutes, organisers have confirmed.
Festival-goers had to navigate a new booking process when the sale for coach travel tickets opened at 18:00 GMT on Thursday.
Fans were "randomly assigned a place in a queue" rather than having to refresh the holding page when the tickets went live.
A statement from the official festival X account, external announced at 18:32 that tickets had sold out, alongside a note on its website.
Allow X content?
This article contains content provided by X. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read X’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.
See Tickets later said, external that "confirmation emails are going out now to everyone who got @Glastonbury coach tickets this evening" in a post on X.
The sale of standard tickets will take place on Sunday at 09:00.
It comes a week after the world-famous festival announced it had changed the way fans would join its booking process.
The change came after a spotlight was shone on various issues within online ticket selling including the use of dynamic pricing and tickets being resold by touts.
The subject made headlines after the release of Oasis tickets in September prompted the government and the UK's competition watchdog to pledge they would look at the use of prices surging in line with demand.
Glastonbury Festival 2025 will take place from 25-29 June
In a bid to prevent touting, Glastonbury customers have to register in advance to buy tickets for the event, which will take place at Worthy Farm in Somerset from June 25 to 29.
Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 cost £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, which is a £18.40 rise from the 2024 price of £355 plus a £5 booking fee.
Last year, coach tickets sold out within 25 minutes while standard tickets were all bought within an hour.
Festival organiser Emily Eavis has previously said 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury, to allow the land to rest and recover, but she is already in talks with acts to headline in 2025.
The 2024 festival was the first year the event has featured two female headliners on the Pyramid Stage, Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday.
On the Saturday, Coldplay made history as the first act to headline the festival five times.
Tell us which stories we should cover in Somerset
Follow BBC Somerset on Facebook, external and X, external. Send your story ideas to us on email or via WhatsApp on 0800 313 4630.
Glastonbury 2025: 11 tips for getting festival tickets
Glastonbury announces big change to ticket booking
Glastonbury 2024: 15 magical and memorable moments
Glastonbury Festival
Comments can not be loaded
To load Comments you need to enable JavaScript in your browser
Taunton sisters meet long-lost eldest sister after 'miracle' DNA match
Land earmarked for new railway station to be safeguarded in event of cancellation
Heavy traffic on the M5 due to two incidents in Somerset
Camera club members get reflective with their snaps
Enjoy North Somerset - Become a local tourist this spring
Iconic South Somerset venue announces hotel and restaurant closure
Australia PM Albanese makes stunning comeback with landslide win
Three things to know about the Australian election result
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Nepo babies or superstars in waiting?
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
The songs that shaped Chappell Roan 
Your 'Couch to 5K' journey with Giovanna
Unmissable crime drama with Sean Bean
Bizarre crimes with brazen criminals
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.