Worthy Farm will open its door to festival-goers soon (June 26th), so it's time to get your Glastonbury gear ready. And once you've sorted your tent, sleeping bag and bulk supply of toilet rolls, it's time to get down to the real deal: beauty essentials.
For those who have attended the iconic five-day event already, you'll know how important it is to have fun, stay safe, and look great. It can be difficult to look your best, though, when there is a four-hour queue for the showers and no space for a full-length mirror in your tent — unless you're glamping, of course.
As a Glasto veteran, I know all there is to know about what you do and don't need — especially as you can only pack so much in your rucksack (those cowboy boots take up a lot of room). Below are all the beauty essentials you need to look gorgeous and glowing throughout Glastonbury Festival 2024.
READ MORE: Best festival wellies to buy in 2024 for Download, Tramlines, Glastonbury and more
SPF is always important, but never more so than at Glastonbury — there aren't a lot of places to shade yourself from the sun at Worthy Farm, and the last thing you'll want to do is shelter in a sweltering-hot tent (trust me). Instead, pack nifty Glow Recipe's SPF stick into your cross-over bag; it'll keep skin protected from the sun and make you look extra glowy thanks to a clever combo of brightening niacinamide and hydrating hyaluronic acid.
Another option is sun care brand Piz Buin's latest launch; a new moisturising SPF 50 face cream (£8) with a non-greasy texture that absorbs quickly into skin.
Price: £27, available at Cult Beauty
Packing dry shampoo for Glastonbury isn't exactly a ground-breaking tip, but hear me out. Rather than stocking up on your signature Batiste, I recommend Living Proof's Perfect Hair Day Dry Shampoo: it's gone viral on TikTok for a reason.
I've been using it on my hair for the last week or so, and it leaves my locks feeling clean and adds serious volume. It also smells fresh, and there's no weird powdery residue that you usually get with other dry shampoos.
Yes, it's a little pricier than other formulas on the market, but it's an all-around winner in my eyes.
Price: £22.95 (was £27), available at LookFantastic
Face wipes are typical mainstays in festival kits, handy if you don't have easy access to a shower. However, they're also extremely wasteful, with approximately 9.3 million wet wipes flushed down UK toilets every day.
Instead, opt for Luna Daily's clever Spray-to-Wipe formula; spray it onto skin or tissue to create an instant eco-wipe that makes you feel fresh. It has a wealth of vegan-friendly ingredients, including soothing aloe vera, chamomile extract, and coconut oil, and is approved by dermatologists and gynaecologists.
I've raved about this spray for a while now and always carry it in my handbag; it's so easy to use when you're out and about and feeling uncomfortable and sweaty. It'll particularly come in handy at Glasto when you're undoubtedly feeling gross after five days in a muddy field.
Price: £12, available at Boots
You'll probably sweat when belting out your favourite Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA, or Shania Twain songs, so waterproof mascara is a must-have to keep smudges at bay. There are plenty of waterproof options on the market, but my pick is Revolution's 5D Whip Lift, a formula that 90% of testers claimed 'doesn't smudge throughout the day'.
The wand's distinctive vortex shape captures every lash from the root and lifts it for a maximised effect. It's also infused with castor and argan oils to condition and nourish lashes.
Not convinced? Some shoppers say it's the best waterproof mascara they've used, while others claim 'it came off easily, with no irritation'. However, one reviewer has called for the brand to branch out and consider a brown shade — perhaps an idea for your next launch, Revolution?
Price: £9.99, available at Revolution
Glastonbury isn't the best-smelling place in the world — the portaloos are the main culprits — but you can keep fresh and mask any stinky aromas by popping a travel-sized perfume in your bumbag. Sol de Janeiro has some fabulous summery scents, including this caramelised vanilla and macadamia mist, which reviewers say smells like 'freshly baked biscuits with citrus tones'.
I've had lots of compliments on its sweet aroma, and it usually lasts for a couple of hours, so you only need a spritz or two every so often. It is a bit overpowering at first, so if you prefer lighter scents, these Jo Malone travel-sized perfumes (£20) are a great alternative.
Price: £24, available at LookFantastic
Hours spent singing and dancing in the sun can leave lips feeling dry and chapped, so bringing along a lip balm will help keep them hydrated. Dr. PAWPAW's moisturising formula has SPF 20 to protect lips from UV rays, and it's infused with mango and coconut for a sweet-smelling finish.
Plus, this limited-edition option comes with a nifty keyring that you can attach to your bag, making it easier to keep track of when you're exploring the festival.
Price: £7, available at Dr. PAWPAW
I always get breakouts at festivals, so I'll be taking these Hero Mighty Pimple Patches to Glastonbury this year. They offer a simple yet effective way to care for skin while at the event, and they're discreet enough to apply, making them a convenient option for on-the-go treatment without drawing attention to zits.
Although slightly more expensive, these Starface Hydro-Face Pimple Patches (£11.99) are also popular for tackling breakouts.
Price: £4.99, available at Boots
Full-length mirrors may not be practical for festivals, but that doesn't mean you have to apply makeup via your phone camera. STYLPRO's lightweight travel mirror has dimmable LED lights so you can perfect your eyeliner in a darkened tent, and it's also lightweight enough to be slipped into your rucksack without taking up loads of room.
This design is handy for keeping in your tent, but STYLPRO's smaller pocket mirror (£16.59, QVC) is a better option to check your face throughout the day. Glasto portaloos don't have the luxury of mirrors, after all.
Price: £25, available at Sephora
Rather than suffering from unkempt, frizzy hair all weekend, pop these Revamp cordless straighteners into your rucksack. They deliver 30 minutes of charge, meaning you can touch up your locks throughout the weekend - whether you've got kinks from sleeping funny or your fringe is looking a bit worse for wear.
Note that these are best for quick touch-ups rather than an hour-long grooming session, but if you're desperate, there are some styling pop-ups at Glastonbury. They tend to be expensive, though; expect a wash and blow dry to cost between £40 and £60 at the BloDryBus, for example.
Price: £99.99, available at Boots
Although it's tempting to party all night long, you will eventually need some sleep - but Glasto isn't the most relaxing place on earth to rest up. It's typical to still be up at 5am, with sunlight streaming through your tent and listening to revellers loudly stumbling home.
If you can't cope without your precious eight hours, I highly recommend Drowsy's Silk Sleep Mask, which counts Trinny Woodall and Vogue Williams as fans. The brand describes the mask as a 'hug to the face', and I have to agree; its plush, cushioned wrap-around design is so comforting come bedtime, and it helps to block out light and eliminate any external noises (although I'd still suggest bringing earplugs to Glastonbury).
Admittedly, it's pricey at £69, so if you're looking for a more affordable alternative, try this £15.99 dupe from Amazon.
Price: £69, available at Amazon
All the junk food, alcohol and late nights will undoubtedly take their toll, so it's worth taking some chewable vitamins. These Nutriburst gummies contain vitamin C and zinc, which are known for helping to strengthen your immune system and reducing the risk of getting sick.
However, it's worth noting that these gummies can help provide your body with nutrients but aren't miracle workers, and you should still try to maintain a proper diet and sleep schedule to feel your best.
Price: £11.39 (was £14.99), available at Amazon
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.