Lenny Kravitz, Maluma, Meryl Streep and Oprah Winfrey will also open envelopes. 

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Christina Aguilera, Samara Joy, Lenny Kravitz, Maluma, Kacey Musgraves, Lionel Richie, Mark Ronson, Meryl Streep, Taylor Tomlinson and Oprah Winfrey are set to present on the 2024 Grammy Awards, set for Sunday, Feb. 4. Kravitz and Winfrey will introduce performers in the In Memoriam segment.

	Joy was the surprise winner of last year’s award for best new artist. Aguilera won in that same category 24 years ago.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Ronson, a seven-time Grammy-winner, received five nominations this year for his work on Barbie.

	










	Richie won album of the year 39 years ago for Can’t Slow Down. He won song of the year the year after that for “We Are the World,” which he co-wrote with Michael Jackson. Musgraves won album of the year five years ago for Golden Hour.

	Streep is nominated for best audio book, narration and storytelling recording for Big Tree. This is her seventh nomination. Streep has won three Oscars and three Primetime Emmys, but she has yet to win a Grammy (or a Tony).

	Maluma received his third Grammy nod this year – best Latin pop album for Don Juan.

	Previously announced Grammy performers are Burna Boy, Luke Combs, Billie Eilish, Billy Joel, Dua Lipa, Joni Mitchell, Olivia Rodrigo, Travis Scott, SZA, and U2. Additional performers will be announced in the coming days.

	It is unknown whether Taylor Swift will perform, though CBS has promoted the fact that she will be “in the building” to accept any awards she may win. She is vying to win album of the year for what would be a record-setting fourth time. She could also take home record and/or song of the year for the first time in her career.

	U2 is set to take the stage from Sphere in Las Vegas, where the band’s acclaimed U2:UV Achtung Baby Live at Sphere show is playing.

Trevor Noah will host the Grammys for the fourth consecutive year. He received a nod for best comedy album for I Wish You Would, and is the first Grammy host to be nominated for a Grammy that same year since Queen Latifah in 2005. 

	The 66th annual Grammy Awards will be held on Sunday, Feb. 4, live on both coasts beginning at 8 p.m. ET on CBS, and will stream live and on-demand on Paramount+ (live and on demand for Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers, or on demand for Paramount+ Essential subscribers the day after the special airs).

	










	The telecast will be produced by Fulwell 73 Productions for the Recording Academy for the fourth consecutive year. Ben Winston, Raj Kapoor and Jesse Collins are executive producers.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.