Residents living near the Glastonbury Festival site have called for tighter noise controls to prevent locals from being disturbed during the event.


  Glastonbury Festival Events Ltd. (GFEL) staged this year’s festival at the Worthy Farm site in Pilton between June 26 and 30, with more than 200,000 people in attendance to see Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline.


  Nick Hall, who sits on Pilton Parish Council, said that claims of fewer noise issues at this year’s event were “not the experience of residents” and called for tighter control and better engagement with the local community.


  Somerset Council said it had committed additional resources to monitoring noise overnight and believed there was no need to change its approach to either enforcement or community engagement.


  Mr Hall addressed the council’s communities scrutiny committee in a personal capacity when it met in Taunton on October 30.


  “Your report states that there was a significant decrease in noise complaints when compared to 2023," he said. "That is not the experience of residents in Pilton."


  Noise limits were breached on the Thursday evening and overnight (after the midnight curfew), Hall claimed. Helicopters in large numbers were also a serious issue. 85 of them landed on the Saturday of the festival and Hall said he counted 50 on the morning of July 1.


  “Why is there no reference to the noise nuisance (and risk) from the helicopters and the helicopter landing sites that serviced the festival? Why hasn’t there been consultation with the parishes around the festival site ahead of the growth of this mode of transport to the festival?”


  Hall said that the council should consider using a third party to monitor noise from the 2025 festival if it did not have the resources to carry out this task using its own resources.


  He added: “Why is no discussion about the effectiveness of community consultation, when clearly there has been feedback that the present model is broken and not fit for purpose?


  Since Mendip District Council approved the current licence for the Glastonbury Festival in 2018, the number of attendees at the event has grown to around 210,000 – with planning permission being awarded for the site to be expanded in 2023.


Such an increase had led to a growth in “off-site camp-sites and events” during the festival, which presented an “increased likelihood of virus epidemics," Hall claimed.


  Dave Coles, Somerset Council’s head of regulatory services, said that none of the terms of the current licence had been breached by this year’s festival.


  “We continue to monitor this year until 4am, with our teams on site reacting to any complaints we received," he said. "Glastonbury Festival had consultants on site the whole time, so we feel there is adequate monitoring being undertaken.


  “This year we had 11 noise complaints, compared to 41 last year, and there are resources available to undertake the necessary monitoring."


  The helicopter issue was a matter for the Civil Aviation Authority, Coles added.


  "I believe GFEL is looking into this to see if there is anything they can do," he said. “We put in extra resources to monitor off-site camp-sites, all of which were visited early on in the festival."


  “I personally don’t feel that there needs to be a change to the current system.”


  The next Glastonbury Festival will take place between June 25 and 29, 2025.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.