ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TOPSHOT - Taylor Swift poses in the press room at the The 58th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on ... More February 15, 2016 in Los Angeles, California. AFP PHOTO/MARK RALSTON / AFP PHOTO / MARK RALSTON        (Photo credit should read MARK RALSTON/AFP via Getty Images)
Taylor Swift is tied for the fifth-most nominations at this year’s Grammy Awards, up for six prizes. Among the half-dozen chances she has to win, there’s one category that stands out as particularly important to her, as she has another shot at breaking one of the most impressive losing streaks in Grammy history.
When the nominations for the Grammys were announced in late 2023, Swift made history with her single “Anti-Hero,” which became her seventh track to earn a coveted Song of the Year nomination. While the prize goes to the songwriters, not necessarily the artists, in all instances Swift has been in the running for the honor, she’s served as both.
“Anti-Hero” marks Swift’s record-setting seventh Song of the Year nomination, breaking her tie with Lionel Richie and Paul McCartney for the most among all songwriters in the history of the Grammys.
Swift's journey in the Song of the Year category began in 2010 with "You Belong with Me," but she has yet to secure a win in this field, facing losses with hits like “Shake It Off,” “Blank Space,” “Lover,” “Cardigan,” and "All Too Well (10 Minute Version) (The Short Film)."
While she may now stand as the most-nominated songwriter of all time, Swift also holds another record–a much less glamorous one. She’s been up for Song of the Year seven times, but somehow, she has yet to win the category. Swift also stands out as the songwriter with the most losses in this prestigious field.
This year, “Anti-Hero” is a real competitor for the Song of the Year Grammy, but it’s up against seven other worthy tracks: Lana Del Rey’s “A&W,” Jon Batiste’s “Butterfly,” Dua Lipa’s “Dance the Night,” Miley Cyrus’ “Flowers,” SZA’s “Kill Bill,” Olivia Rodrigo’s “Vampire,” and Billie Eilish’s "What Was I Made For?"
Swift is nominated with her frequent collaborator and friend Jack Antonoff, who has contributed to much of her recent material. The former fun. band member and Grammy winner is actually nominated against himself, as he’s a co-writer on “A&W” as well.
The winners of the 2024 Grammys will be announced during a live telecast on CBS on February 4, 2024.