By LAURA FOX and CONNIE RUSK FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:51, 7 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:14, 7 May 2024   
 94
View  comments
The 2024 Met Gala produced more scandal and sex appeal that any years past, with antics continuing well into the night as scantily-clad stars enjoyed a night of raucous after-parties.
After an evening of stunning gowns and jaw-dropping looks, guests including Doja Cat, FKA twigs and Camila Cabello let their hair down at various bashes across the famous city.
Throwing herself into the celebrations, twigs even jumped atop a table to display her best dance moves.
Styled by Georgia Pendlebury, the performer was in high spirits as she larked about at The Standard Hotel's Met Gala bash after slipping into an eye-catching slogan dress.
Having already shocked onlookers with her racy looks at the event itself, Doja Cat continued to bear the results of her recent breast reduction.
FKA Twigs climbed atop a table to show off her raunchy dances moves as wild Met Gala after parties took over New York City on Monday
After a chaotic night of partying, Doja Cat needed a helping hand exiting the party as she was guided to a waiting car in her revealing outfit
Stars at the 2024 Met Gala continued their glitzy night well into New York's early hours, as they descended on after parties for an evening of raucous antics
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Pop star Just Jack looks unrecognisable as he performs in London
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Sophia Umansky is transparent of her recent, shocking hair loss
Christine McGuinness says it's 'too soon to date' as she leaves show
Kurtwood Smith stars in the classic trailer for RoboCop
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
Christine McGuinness shows off her incredible figure
Trailer of the 'disturbing' new horror film Crimes of the Future
The rapper flaunted her best dance moves in a sheer nude bodysuit as she headed to nightclub mogul Richie Akiva's annual after party.
But after such a chaotic evening, Doja needed a helping hand exiting the party as she was guided to a waiting car in her revealing outfit. 
Camila Cabello enjoyed a fun night out with Lil Nas X, slipping into a sexy leather jumpsuit to attend Richie's party.
The hitmaker posed for a slew of playful snaps with the rapper, after the pair were seen strutting through the city together. 
Elsewhere in the Big Apple, Cardi B pulled out all the stops to host her own Met Gala afterparty in New York on Monday night as the stars continued the celebrations into the night across the city.
The rapper, 31, emerged in a slinky red corset gown after changing out of her dramatic black tulle red carpet dress, while Irina Shayk, 38, and Emily Ratajkowski, 32, showed off their model figures in minidresses.
Pregnant Adwoa Aboah, 31, cradled her baby bump after announcing she is expecting earlier in the evening. 
The performer was in high spirits as she larked about at The Standard Hotel's Met Gala bash after slipping into an eye-catching slogan dress
Twigs proudly flaunted her raciest dance moves at the party
Twigs showed off her best dance moves in her daring high-cut dress as she danced atop a table with one of her pals
She struggled to maintain her balance while dancing on the bar, due to her huge platform heels at the party
Twigs flaunted all of her best dance moves as she larked about at the party
Doja bared her breasts in a sheer nude bodysuit as she put on a raunchy display at nightclub mogul Richie Akiva's party 
Flaunting her incredible figure, Doja set pulses racing in a sexy sheer bodysuit
She confidently showed off the results of her recent breast reduction in a sheer nude bodysuit
She recently underwent breast reduction and liposuction surgery , taking her bust size down to 32C
Joined by Janelle Monae, Doja partied up a storm in her daring look after sharing news of her surgery with her followers back in March
She showed off her incredible figure in another daring ensemble
Rubbing shoulders with the host himself, Doja struggled to contain her giggles as she partied well into the early hours
Scantily-clad stars left little to the imagination as they enjoyed a wild night out at the post Met Gala after party
Stars slipped into an array of revealing outfits for an evening of partying following the glitzy Met Gala red carpet
Some guests slipped into little more than sheer string body stockings for the bashes
Guests in attendance for the after parties slipped into an array of jaw-dropping outfits
Emily Ratajkowski flaunted her incredible figure in a blue fringed mini dress as she showed off her saucy dance moves
Camila Cabello enjoyed a fun night out with Lil Nas X, slipping into a sexy leather jumpsuit to attend Richie's party
The singer showed off her incredible figure in the edgy leather look
Camila and Lil Nas showed off their edgiest leather outfits at the party
Camila and Lil Nas were in high spirits as they headed to the post-Met Gala party together
Cardi B pulled out all the stops to host her own Met Gala afterparty, emerging from The Mark Hotel in a striking red satin gown as Rita Ora headed out in the city
Emily Ratajkowski also wowed in a blue fringed mini dress adorned with jewelled stars 
The rapper, 31, had changed out of her dramatic black tulle red carpet dress and into a slinky red corset gown as she arrived at Silencio to host the FWRD & Revolve bash
Cardi, who is no stranger to hosting a Met Gala afterparty, put on a busty display as she went braless in the number
Cardi stunned on the red carpet in a tulle black gown which took as many as nine men to fan out the fabric around her
Cardi, who is no stranger to hosting a Met Gala afterparty, put on a busty display as she arrived at Silencio to host the FWRD & Revolve bash.
The Superbass hitmaker gave Kim Kardashian a run for her money as she showed off her tiny waist with the corset design, just hours after Kim had shocked with her cinched in dress. 
Cardi's gown laced up at the back and had a slit which showed off her legs. She teamed the glamorous look with matching red heels and added a glittering diamond necklace for good measure.
The rapper posed for photos outside The Mark Hotel after making a quick change, before heading to the nightclub alongside her husband Offset. 
Offset, 32, looked far more casual in ripped denim and a grey long sleeved top which was embellished with beads. 
Emily left little to the imagination as she showed off her toned figure in a sheer navy fringed gown which was embellished with stars and had a fringed neckline and tassels. Irina brought the glamour in a pale blue slinky nighty 
Inside Cardi B's bash, Coco Rocha turned heads in a magenta pink chiffon dress which had a mermaid tail hemline. The Canadian fashion model, 35, posed up a storm for the camera. 
Camila Cabello ditched her glamorous champagne gown for an edgy leather look as she headed to The Standard Hotel's after-party.
The singer, 27, set pulses racing in a skintight black catsuit as she headed to the post-red carpet bash with Lil Nas X.
Sweeping her blonde tresses into a sleek ponytail, Camila showed off her incredible figure in the tight one-piece as she headed into the bash.
Meanwhile Lil Nas X showed off his flamboyant sense of style in a cow fur zipped jacket, teamed with quirky leather shorts and eye-catching shoes. 
Emily left little to the imagination as she showed off her toned figure in a sheer navy fringed gown which was embellished with stars and had a fringed neckline and tassels. Irina brought the glamour in a pale blue slinky nighty 
Dua Lipa, 28, showed off her toned abs in a tiny diamante crop top and high waisted trousers. She teamed the look with a furry shawl and fishnet gloves 
Doja went braless to proudly show off the results of her breast reduction surgery as she headed to nightclub mogul Richie Akiva's bash in New York City 
Flaunting her eye-popping cleavage, Doja emerged from her room at The Mark Hotel in the sheer ensemble before heading to the nearby party
She recently underwent breast reduction and liposuction surgery, taking her bust size down to 32C
Camila and Lil Nas beamed for the camera as they hit the dancefloor at The Boom Boom Room 
Serena Williams stepped out in a crochet minidress which showed off her underwear 
Camila Cabello and Lil Nas X arrived hand in hand to The Standard Hotel's Met Gala after-party across town 
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez relaxed in a booth at The Standard's after party 
Earlier in the evening, Camila put on a show-stopping display in a dramatic gown with an edgy chainmail effect as she posed solo at the biggest night in fashion.
A whole host of stars headed to New York City's Metropolitan Museum of Art for the annual Met Gala, hosted by Anna Wintour. 
This year the event was titled Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion with the dress code named The Garden of Time.
Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, Bad Bunny and Chris Hemsworth were this year's co-chairs. Also on the committee is Vogue's Anna Wintour.
The honourary chairs for the evening were Loewe creative director Jonathan Anderson and TikTok CEO Shou Zi Chew.
Shakira stepped out in a white cut out dress as she headed to a Met Gala afterparty 
Cardi B was joined by her husband Offset who looked far more casual in ripped denim and a grey long sleeved top which was embellished with beads
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Pop star Just Jack looks unrecognisable as he performs in London
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Sophia Umansky is transparent of her recent, shocking hair loss
Christine McGuinness says it's 'too soon to date' as she leaves show
Kurtwood Smith stars in the classic trailer for RoboCop
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
Christine McGuinness shows off her incredible figure
Trailer of the 'disturbing' new horror film Crimes of the Future
Cardi, who is no stranger to hosting a Met Gala afterparty, put on a busty display as she went braless in the number and drew quite a crowd 
Cardi received a helping hand as she headed into the venue flanked by a number of security guards 
The rapper ensured all eyes were on her in the show-stopping gown 
Card put on a glamorous display with blue eyeshadow and styled her hair in soft voluminous waves 
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals why he still has love for Mickey Rourke
Pop star Just Jack looks unrecognisable as he performs in London
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
Britney Spears' bold move after ex Sam Asghari flaunts new girlfriend
Sophia Umansky is transparent of her recent, shocking hair loss
Christine McGuinness says it's 'too soon to date' as she leaves show
Kurtwood Smith stars in the classic trailer for RoboCop
Hailey Bieber shows off dazzling fit for Miami F1 weekend
Christine McGuinness shows off her incredible figure
Trailer of the 'disturbing' new horror film Crimes of the Future
Coco Rocha turned heads in a magenta pink chiffon dress which had a mermaid tail hemline 
The dress was a criss -ross design with plumes of chiffon on the sleeves and a dramatic hemline 
Cardi B's sister Hennessey Carolina turned heads as she went braless in this extreme plunging black dress 
Leonardo DiCaprio's girlfriend Vittoria Ceretti, 25, showed off her model figure in a leggy black minidress 
Becky Hearn and Raissa Gerona caught the eye in nude ensembles 
Christian Siriano also attended Cardi's bash 
Sam Smith opted for a unusually understated look as they headed to an afterparty with boyfriend Christian Cowan 
The singer, 31, sported an elaborate moustache 
Lizzo and SZA were seen arriving together at Casa Cipriani for a Met Gala after-party and both put on headturning display 
The duo appeared in high spirits as they headed out of the car to the bash 
'It is very much an ode to nature and the emotional poetics of fashion,' said Andrew Bolton, Wendy Yu Curator in Charge of The Costume Institute, of the upcoming exhibition. 
'One thing I hope this show will activate is that sensorial appreciation of fashion.'
Stars in attendance on the night included Kim Kardashian, Kylie Jenner, Cardi B and Emily Ratajkowski.
Gwendoline Christie, La La Anthony and Ashley Graham hosted while YouTuber Emma Chamberlain was on hand to interview stars on the red carpet. 
Last year's gala honoured late designer Karl Lagerfeld. 
'This year's co-chairs reflect a variety of career achievements, and all have distinct style histories with the Met Gala,' Vogue shared.
The showcase features approximately 250 items drawn from The Costume Institute's permanent collection — with many of the pieces too fragile to ever be worn again.
The pieces will all be displayed using elements such as AI, GCI, and more while playing up themes of land, sea and sky. 
The debauchery of Ancient Rome is alive today. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group