Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The Independent's journalism is supported by our readers. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn commission. 
Music fans still have a chance of seeing Olivia Rodrigo, The 1975 and Neil Young headline this year’s festival
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
If you missed out on tickets during November’s general sale for Glastonbury 2025, fear not, because there is still a chance to secure a ticket via the annual resale. 
Olivia Rodrigo, The 1975 and Neil Young are headlining Worthy Farm this year, it was revealed last month, with veteran rocker Rod Stewart taking the Legends’ slot. 
Other acts on the eclectic lineup include Charli XCX, RAYE, Doechii, Loyle Carner, Biffy Clyro, The Libertines, Gracie Abrams, Lola Young and Shaboozey. 
General sale tickets for the annual event, which takes place at Worthy Farm in Somerset between 25 to 29 June, sold out in under an hour when they were released in November last year. 
Follow live updates on the 2025 resale here.
There’s still time to secure your spot. 
Glastonbury’s organisers recently confirmed that this year’s resale will take place at 9am (BST) on Sunday 27 April (for general admission tickets).
Any cancelled accommodation options, including for Worthy View, Sticklinch and campervan/caravan passes, will be made available at 11am (BST) on Sunday 27 April.
The number of tickets that are made available depends on how many people did not pay the full amount after putting down their deposits in November. 
Last year, resale tickets sold out in minutes, so you need to make sure you’re organised in advance – and that includes being registered.
Glastonbury organisers advise hopeful fans to register by Friday 18 April to allow for the registration to be processed and resubmitted if necessary. 
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
If you are already registered, you can use your existing registration number and don’t need to re-register, just make sure you check your details online before the deadline (5pm BST on Wednesday 23 April), in case you need to provide any new details.
Glastonbury organisers urge fans to purchase tickets only through official festival channels to avoid scams or unexpected charges.
If you manage to bag yourself resale tickets, you must pay for them in full at the point of booking: £378.50 plus a £5 booking fee for standard tickets, plus postage and packing at £10.25 per order (£2.75 for coach tickets).
Tickets will only be available from this link and can be purchased with a UK debit card or Visa or Mastercard credit cards. 
International tickets can only be bought using a Visa Credit Card or Mastercard Credit Card. Depending on your device settings, you might be offered other payment methods such as Google Pay and Apple Pay, just make sure you’re set up with the relevant service before the resale begins. American Express is not accepted.
As usual, you can buy up to four tickets per transaction in the general admission resale on Sunday 27 April, but remember you can only book one ticket per registration. If you’re booking on behalf of a group, you’ll need all their registration numbers and registered postcodes as well. 
The ticket and coach travel options sale on Thursday 24 April will be limited to two tickets per transaction. Again, if you’re booking for yourself and one other person, make sure you have their registration details too.
Besides the general resale, another great way to get into Glastonbury is by volunteering. Registration to volunteer for charities WaterAid and Oxfam have closed, but spaces do occasionally become available if people drop out.
Registration is still open to volunteer with Greenpeace: anyone who is selected will be granted free entry to the festival and three meals a day. In return, you are expected to work a minimum of five eight-hour shifts during the festival.
The Independent put together this handy guide of tips and tricks to give yourself the best odds at landing those coveted tickets.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in