Seven of the tracks off Kendrick Lamar's surprise album GNX hit the top 10 of the all-genre songs chart this week, two of which were produced by Mustard.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Mustard is celebrating a major Billboard Hot 100 accomplishment.

	Seven of the tracks off Kendrick Lamar’s surprise album GNX hit the top 10 of the all-genre songs chart this week, two of which were produced by Mustard — “TV Off” and “Hey Now” featuring Dody6, which hit No. 2 and 5, respectively. The producer took to Instagram on Monday (Dec. 2) to celebrate, posting the top 10 and writing, “I’m just getting started #2 and #5!”

	Lamar’s GNX also debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart (dated Dec. 7), marking his fifth chart-topper. On the Hot 100, “Squabble Up” topped the chart, becoming Lamar’s fifth Hot 100 No. 1, and his third of 2024 – the most among all artists this year. He previously led in 2024 with “Not Like Us,” for two weeks beginning in May, and “Like That,” with Future and Metro Boomin, for three weeks in April.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					






















	
		
					Mustard		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The SZA-assisted “Luther” came in at No. 3, “Wacced Out Murals” hit No. 4, “Reincarnated” at No. 8 and “Man at the Garden” at No. 9. He joins only Taylor Swift, Drake and The Beatles in having placed at Nos. 1-5 in a single week.

	










	“Squabble Up” additionally marks Lamar’s sixth No. 1 on the all-genre Streaming Songs chart and his fifth No. 1 on both the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Songs tallies.




			Trending on Billboard		





Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.