Olivia Munn's OB-GYN Dr. Thais Aliabadi has partnered with her podcast cohost and entrepreneur Mary Alice Haney to launch the platform and drink powder. 
Wellness Market Reporter

	The latest women’s health platform and supplement has arrived, and it’s entirely focused on polycystic ovarian syndrome, or PCOS.

	Today, Ovii, founded by Dr. Thais Aliabadi, a board-certified OB-GYN, and Mary Alice Haney, launches with an educational platform and quiz that predicts likelihood that a user might have PCOS and a supplement powder, $80 per month on subscription, which treats the syndrome. It is a once a day, unflavored drink powder.

	“It was created to address the core hormonal and metabolic challenges that these women face,” said Aliabadi, who is also the brand’s chief medical officer. 





	
			Related Articles	
	













	From The Newsroom
	



	
			Kohl's Is Trapped in a 'Perfect Storm'	
			













	Wellness
	



	
			EXCLUSIVE: Bala Launches Pre- and Postnatal Fitness Equipment to Support Moms	
			








	Aliabadi and Haney are the cohosts of She MD, a podcast that explores an array of women’s health subjects and hosts influential guests. Notable guests include SZA, Khloé Kardashian, Olivia Munn and Shailene Woodley, who have all shared about their health journeys. Aliabadi also cared for Munn during her recent cancer diagnosis.

	










	“I had been a fashion designer for years and years in the fashion industry, and we actually met when I was cohosting Molly Sims podcast, and Dr. A was coming on as a guest,” said Haney, who also serves as chief executive officer. “I started talking to her and heard about her journey with breast cancer and her amazing work with PCOS.”

	After working on the podcast and discussing the severity of PCOS — 15 percent of women have it but 75 percent go undiagnosed according to Aliabadi — they began ideating what would become Ovii. 

	“Even if they’re diagnosed, they’re not treated correctly, so it’s been a big issue in women’s health,” Aliabadi said. “Ovii was created to educate patients about this condition and to put the power in their hands.” 

	According to Aliabadi, patients with PCOS are often prescribed an array of medications, like Metformin and oral contraceptives, which can cause negative side effects. Instead, Ovii has taken a natural approach to treat the condition. It includes reducose, an ingredient the brand has an exclusive on, chromium, inositol, curcumin and glutathione, which in combination address the four key symptoms associated with PCOS. In addition, those who don’t have PCOS but have similar symptoms can also take this supplement. 

	“It supports blood sugar, hormonal balance, body composition and inflammation,” Haney said. 

	Industry experts predict the brand could do up to $5 million in first-year sales though they said the concept could grow significantly if it takes off as other similar women’s health platforms and brands have. The Ovii team did not comment on specific sales figures but noted the significant opportunity to build out this category. 

	“Four-hundred million women suffer from this globally, so the market opportunity is huge,” Haney said.

	As Ovii launches Tuesday direct-to-consumer, the goal for Aliabadi and Haney is clear. 

	“My dream is for PCOS to be a household name,” Aliabadi said.
Sign up for beauty news straight to your inbox every day
Top News Stories Alerts Straight to your Inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.