Glastonbury is back for another year, with music fans flocking to see Dua Lipa, Coldplay and Sza headline this year.
The huge, five-day music event takes place on Worthy Farm, Somerset between June 26 and June 30. The festival usually takes place four out of every five years, with the fifth year reserved for rehabilitation of the land - known as a fallow year.
The last official fallow year was 2018, but the festival was also cancelled in 2020 and 2021 because of the coronavirus pandemic and had “enforced fallow” years. Organiser Emily Eavis has since said that the festival's next fallow year is likely to be in 2026.
READ MORE: How much does Glastonbury cost? The price of tickets, tipis, beer, food and everything else
You can see our Glastonbury Festival coverage in full here.
Asked if she had plans for the 2025 line-up, Eavis told the BBC’s Sidetracked podcast earlier this June: “Not yet, we are talking to people. The thing with line-ups is, you think its looking one way and then it changes. So at the moment I would say no, but I have a vague idea in my head of who is going to be doing it next year. Then we might do a fallow year after that, we are due a fallow year."
She added: “The fallow year is important because it gives the land a rest, and it gives the cows a chance to be out for longer and reclaim their land.
Whether you want to relive your favourites from the Pyramid stage or missed out on tickets, a new pre-Amazon Prime Day deal means you can listen to millions of songs including those from this year's top Glastonbury artists totally free. Amazon Prime members can get five months of music - streamed and downloaded for when you don't have wifi - completely free in a limited time offer.
“And it gives everyone time to switch off. And I think it’s quite good not to be seen to be cashing in. At the best time when we could just rake it all in, to go ‘no’ is so important, that ethos, now more than ever. Sometimes you just need to calm it all down and come back with a renewed excitement and enthusiasm.”
Eavis’s father, Sir Michael Eavis, founded the festival on his Somerset farm in 1970 and is still involved, but his daughter and her husband Nick Dewey take on the majority of the organisation.
Eavis also said this year will feature a call for peace, led by performance artist Marina Abramovic, on the festival’s main stage. She said: “It’s just a few minutes of silence, with her on the stage, and that’s going to be a beautiful moment.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.