The star just revealed details on her highly anticipated brand
We’ve kept a close eye on singer-songwriter’s makeup looks for some time, but especially the one from last February’s Billboard Power 100 event. Bazaar previously reported on the “Luther” singer’s tease of a new beauty line on Instagram stories after presenting the Clive Davis Visionary Award to top executives of her record label, Top Dawg Entertainment.
“Also wearing all my own lip products down to the liner,” she wrote over a Getty Images photo of herself. This week, SZA has finally made it official. The star is gearing up to release Not Beauty, her first-ever lip collection. Not Beauty’s first drop includes an assortment of lip glosses in three shades: the pink-tinted Strawberry Jelly, classic clear Quartz, and nude-inspired In the Flesh. Each item in the line retails for $23 and comes in packaging inspired by nature, featuring patterns found in wood. 
The formula is said to be nonsticky, and it aims to prevent trans-epidermal water loss while also keeping lips plump and hydrated. “Not Beauty wasn’t about me trying to enter the beauty market. It’s about me filling a need. It’s about me needing something that lasted as long as my show, as long as my conversation, as long as my date,” SZA shares in a statement. “There was nothing that existed that did that for me and also made me feel moisturized. I don’t know much about much, but I know a lot about lips, and I feel like Not Beauty is not beauty. It is just something that I wanted to share that worked for me and I hope works for you.”
If you’re attending SZA and Kendrick Lamar’s Grand National Tour, you’ll have an opportunity to try the Not Beauty collection up close and personal. The brand has commissioned pop-ups at each location stop, starting tomorrow at US Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. And if SZA’s previous Instagram story continues to prove true, fans should probably be on the lookout for the star’s release of corresponding lip liners next.
How No-Makeup Makeup Revolutionized Beauty
The 10 Best Drugstore Foundations for Mature Skin
The 10 Drugstore Mascaras Experts Love
The 7 Best Cushion Foundations for Glowy Skin 
Makeup Artist Vincent Oquendo’s Favorite Products 
Jam Lips Are Spring’s Yummiest Makeup Trend
How to Get Glass Skin in Two Seconds
The 11 Best Tinted Lip Balms Worth Swiping On
The 12 Best Bronzing Drops for a Natural Glow
Celebrity Artist Ash K Holm Shares Top Makeup Tips
Why Are We All So Obsessed With Lip Balm?
The 10 Best Blurring Face Powders for Pores
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.