By 

	Tomás Mier


	Three of the most popular women in music today will be performing at the 2024 Grammy Awards. On Jan. 16, the Recording Academy revealed the first three performers of this year’s awards show: Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo, and Dua Lipa. 

	The second round of performers include appearances from Burna Boy, Luke Combs and Travis Scott who will also perform live from Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on Sunday, Feb. 4. 

	All six artists are up for major awards this year.

	Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” is nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, Best Pop Solo Performance, Best Music Video, and Best Song Written for Visual Media. Meanwhile, her song with Labrinth, “Never Felt So Alone,” is also nominated for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance.

	Rodrigo’s “Vampire” will compete with Eilish’s song from the Barbie soundtrack in the Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance categories. Her album Guts is nominated for Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year, while the song “Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl” is nominated for Best Rock Song.

	









A post shared by CBS (@cbstv)

	As for Lipa, the pop star’s “Dance the Night” from Barbie is up for Song of the Year, along with Best Song Written for Visual Media.

	Scott has earned one nomination this year in the Best Rap Album category for Utopia. He last appeared on stage at the Grammy Awards in 2019 when he performed “Stop Trying to Be God” and “No Bystanders” from Astroworld. 

	Elsewhere Luke Combs picked up a Best Country Solo Performance nod for his cover of Tracy Chapman’s “Fast Car.” He took the Grammys stage for the first time just one year ago, when he made his debut performance with “Going, Going, Gone.”

	Burna Boy is nominated in four categories, including Best Melodic Rap Performance for “Sittin’ on Top of the World” with 21 Savage, Best Global Music Album for I Told Them…, Best Global Music Performance for “Alone,” and Best African Music Performance (a newly introduced category) for “City Boys.” Back in 2021, the musician closed out the Grammy Awards Premiere Ceremony with a medley of “Level Up,” “Onyeka,” and “Ye.”





	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	Eilish and Rodrigo last performed at the awards show in 2022 when they took the stage for “Happier Than Ever” and “Drivers License,” respectively. That year, Lipa presented the award for Best New Artist alongside Megan Thee Stallion.

	










	In 2021, Dua Lipa performed a medley of Future Nostalgia songs while Eilish performed “Everything I Wanted” with her brother Finneas. That song earned the award for Record of the Year. The previous year, Eilish performed “When the Party’s Over” and won the award for Best New Artist. Eilish has seven Grammys under her belt, while both Rodrigo and Lipa have three each.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	








	The Grammy Awards will air on CBS and Paramount+. Trevor Noah will host the awards show for the fourth year in a row.

	SZA, following her celebrated album, SOS, led all nominees this year with nine nods, while Monét’s debut album, Jaguar II, brought her seven nominations. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.