Trevor Noah hosts the 67th annual ceremony featuring performances by Stevie Wonder, Billie Eilish, Coldplay's Chris Martin and more.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Music’s biggest night is back! The 67th annual Grammy Awards take place at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles this Sunday, Feb. 2. Comedian Trevor Noah returns to host the ceremony for a fifth year in a row. Tune in to the the Grammy Awards airing on CBS (watch with DirecTV Stream) and streaming exclusively on Paramount+ with Showtime.

Beyoncé leads the list with eleven Grammy nominations followed by Kendrick Lamar, Charli XCX, Post Malone, and Billie Eilish with seven nods each. Next in line are Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan and Taylor Swift with six each. Mrs. Cowboy Carter is already the winningest artist at the Grammys with 32 trophies and 99 nominations, but she’s hoping to finally take home the Recording Academy’s top prize, album of the year.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Additional nominees include the Beatles, Ariana Grande, André 3000, Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, Disclosure, St. Vincent, Tame Impala, Childish Gambino, The Rolling Stones, Jacob Collier, Metallica, Jack Antonoff, Mustard, Amy Allen, KAYTRANADA, Madison Beer, Green Day, Zedd, Mark Ronson, The Black Keys, Clairo, Kehlani, Eminem, and many MANY more.

	This year’s show will put a spotlight on new artists. Six of this year’s best new artist nominees – Benson Boone, Chappell Roan, Doechii, Raye, Sabrina Carpenter and Teddy Swims – are set to perform. Other performers include Billie Eilish, Charli XCX, Cynthia Erivo, Stevie Wonder, Coldplay’s Chris Martin, Lainey Wilson, Herbie Hancock, Brittany Howard, Brad Paisley, Janelle Monáe, John Legend, Sheryl Crow, St. Vincent, Jacob Collier, and Shakira.

Presenters for the 2025 Grammy Awards will feature Taylor Swift, SZA, Cardi B, Gloria Estefan, Olivia Rodrigo, Queen Latifah, Will Smith, and Victoria Monét.

	For more information on awards night and how and when to watch and stream the 2025 Grammys from your TV, laptop or smartphone scroll below.

	The 67th annual Grammy Awards air exclusively on CBS tonight (Feb. 2), beginning at 5 p.m. PT/8 p.m. ET. If you have cable (or an HDTV antenna), simply check your local listings for channel information to watch the show. The ceremony can also be streamed live by signing into CBS.com.

	For those who don’t have TV, the 2025 Grammys will be streaming exclusively on Paramount+ with Showtime. Music fans can also stream the show live on DirecTV Stream and other platforms that offer live television.

	










	If you’ve been looking for live TV for a budget-friendly price, why not give DirecTV a try? You’ll get a free trial for the first five days and access hundreds of local and cable channels. DirecTV Stream offers affordable packages starting at $86.99/month and a robust channel lineup that includes CBS, ABC, NBC, Fox, MTV, BET, Bravo, E!, ESPN, FS1, Food Network, A&E, Comedy Central, ion, Lifetime, OWN, Paramount Network, TNT, TLC and more.

Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers can watch the Grammys live via a smart TV, computer or the Paramount+ and Showtime apps. If you’re not subscribed to Paramount+ with Showtime, sign up today and receive a free trial for the first week to watch the 2025 Grammy live — without spending anything out of pocket.

	You can access Paramount+ through the app and Paramount+ and Showtime websites, as well as through Prime Video. Paramount+ with Showtime is $12.99/month (after the free trial) and you get access to countless hours of entertainment including your local CBS station and exclusive shows, movies and sporting events (including the Super Bowl).

	Paramount+ with Showtime subscribers can stream live via their local CBS affiliate and on demand. Paramount+ Essential subscribers ($7.99/month after a free trial) will have access to on-demand streaming the day after the Grammys airs.

	Not familiar with FuboTV? If you’ve been looking for live television for a good price, check out Fubo. Subscribers can stream hundreds of cable, network and sports channels with Fubo’s Pro package which is $84.99 a month for 145 channels such as CBS, ABC, Fox, NBC, FX, TLC, AMC, MSNBC, ESPN, FS1 and Nickelodeon.

	










	Also included in your subscription is more 1,000 hours of Cloud DVR and unlimited streaming on up to 10 devices.

	Will the Grammys be available on Hulu? Yes! But you’ll need Hulu + Live TV to watch. The subscription gets you access to more than 90 live channels and loads of on-demand content that you can stream at home or on the go for less than $80 a month. CBS, ABC, NBC, CW and Fox are included with Hulu + Live TV along with popular entertainment channels such as MTV, VH1, OWN, TBS, TNT, USA, Bravo, Comedy Central, E!, Freeform and Lifetime.

	Plus, you’ll get access to everything on Hulu, Disney+ and ESPN+, and there’s an option to add Max, Starz and other channels to your streaming package for an additional fee.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.