Lipa executive produced the four-part Disney+ project, which is set to premiere next week 
The official trailer for the upcoming documentary series Camden has been shared – you can watch it below.
The show, which is executive produced by Dua Lipa, will go behind the scenes with some of the world’s biggest artists, revealing untold stories of how Camden in London shaped their lives and careers.
It is due to premiere on Disney+ around the world and via Hulu in the US next Wednesday (May 29).
Per a description, the four-part series will explore “Camden’s rich history” through “archive footage, observational filming and interviews” with the likes of Chris Martin, The Libertines, Yungblud, Little Simz and Nile Rodgers.
“Hearing from world-renowned musicians as they relive their Camden experiences; from their very first gigs to sell-out concerts, the highs and lows of nights out and a youth spent discovering music,” it adds.
Lipa has now shared a trailer for Camden, soundtracked by The Libertines’ classic song ‘Don’t Look Back Into The Sun’.
“Camden – so full of life and music,” says Coldplay frontman Martin. Noel Gallagher then says that the area has “got a heartbeat” and a “vibe”, adding: “It’s got an energy to it.”
The video goes on to show Lipa browsing a local record shop while talking about the late Camden icon Amy Winehouse, before Pete Doherty recalls a past run-in with Liam Gallagher.
A post shared by DUA LIPA (@dualipa)
Later, we see Lipa in Camden to record music early on in her career. In a voiceover, the ‘Radical Optimism’ singer explains: “It’s this place of radical acceptance – seeing that makes you believe in yourself. This is really my home.”
Yungblud says: “You hang around and if you touch enough magic, you hope a little bit rubs off on you.”
Watch the official trailer for Camden above.
In a statement, Lipa said: “Executive producing the new original documentary series that celebrates the very place I started all of this is such a major full circle moment for me!
“Camden will always have a special place in my heart and I’m humbled to share that with some absolute icons.”
Asif Kapadia (Amy) is the series director, while the individual episodes are directed by Toby Trackman, Yemi Bamiro and Sarah Lambert.
Dua Lipa CREDIT: Tyrone Lebon
Other contributors include Mark Ronson, Black Eyed Peas, Madness, Chuck D, Boy George, Sister Bliss from Faithless, Questlove and Lauren Laverne.
The documentary is produced by Lightbox, the production company founded by Academy-Award-winning producer Simon Chinn (Searching For Sugar Man) and Emmy-winning producer Jonathan Chinn in association with Day One Pictures, the production company co-founded by Amy Winehouse’s original manager Nick Shymansky, as well as Lipa’s Radical22.
Meanwhile, Lipa is set to headline Glastonbury Festival 2024 next month alongside Coldplay and SZA. The pop star recently explained that she had “manifested” topping the Pyramid Stage “by album three”.
Lipa is reportedly planning to use footage from Glastonbury for a new documentary film.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.