Toby Keith died on February 5 after battling cancer, and since then his fans have rallied around his music. As a result, his "35 Biggest Hits" collection reached number-one on the Billboard 200 albums chart for the tracking week that ended February 8. It achieved 66,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. Read more about this week's chart here at Billboard.com.
"35 Biggest Hits" just barely overtook last week's number-one album, Morgan Wallen's "One Thing at a Time" with 65,000 album units, which makes this the first time in almost a decade that a country album replaces another country album in the top spot. At number-three with 53,000 units is SZA's "SOS," which got a significant bump from its exposure at the Grammys; her single "Snooze" also rebounded on the Billboard Hot 100. Fourth place went to 21 Savage's "American Dream" with 51,000 units. And the number-five album was Taylor Swift's "Midnights," also with around 51,000 units, which was also a significant bump following its Grammy wins.
In our weekly Billboard 200 predictions contest, "35 Biggest Hits" wasn't in our predictions center, and no one predicted "None of these" for the number-one spot since no one could have anticipated the death of the country star. Our odds did correctly anticipate that the top album would, yet again, achieve fewer than 100,000 album units. Only 17 game players correctly predicted "One Thing at a Time" in second place. No one saw "SOS" coming at number-three; it would've been hard to guess how big her Grammys bump would be. As a result, only three people predicted "American Dream" at number-four and only one foresaw "Midnights" at number-five. How did you do betting on this week's challenging chart? Find out here.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media