Björk and Rosalía have teamed up on a new single that aims to raise awareness in the fight against industrial salmon farming in Björk’s native Iceland. The pair of European hitmakers will donate sales of the song to help protesters cover their legal fees.
The track currently remains untitled but will be released later this month. A short snippet of the acapella single was uploaded to Björk’s YouTube channel with the cover art depicting a fish in distress. It features the two singers repeating, “Is that the right thing to do? I just don’t know.”
More from Variety
Bjork Drops Her Most Engaging Single in Years: 'Oral,' a Duet With Rosalia Calling Attention to 'Cruel' Salmon Fishing
Coachella Weekend 1 Wrap: Bjork, Chromeo, Dinner Party Deliver Standout Sets
Rosalía and Rauw Alejandro Reveal Engagement in New Candid Video for 'Beso'
In a statement attached to the song’s announcement, Björk writes that they are looking to aid the town of Seyðisfjörður, where residents are combatting the industrial fish farming’s impact on local wildlife. She said that farmed fish in the region suffer “horrid health conditions” and are in danger of extinction.
     View this post on Instagram      
A post shared by Björk (@bjork)
“The majority of the nation already agrees with us, so this protest is about putting the will of the people into our rule-systems,” Björk continued. “We would like to donate sales of the song to help with their legal fees and hopefully it can be an exemplary case for others.”
This is the first time the pair have ever collaborated on a song though Björk has expressed her love for Rosalía’s music before, listing her in a list of her favorite female voices that also included Rihanna, Beyoncé, Kelela, Shygirl and SZA. Rosalía similarly gave the avant-garde artist a shoutout during the 2018 Latin Grammys when she accepted the award for best fusion/ urban interpretation category.
“I am proud to lead my project and make always the music that represents me, despite the risk, and to be able to share it with the world and be here,” she said. “I want to thank women like Lauryn Hill …Björk, Kate Bush … shout out to all the women in the industry that have taught me that I could do this because thanks to them I am here.”
Listen to their new song below.
Best of Variety
New Movies Out Now in Theaters: What to See This Week 
All Best Actress Oscar Winners in Academy Award History
Final Oscar Predictions: Original Score – Nothing Looks Like It Can Beat Ludwig Göransson's Powerful Music on 'Oppenheimer'
Sign up for Variety’s Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Singapore's People's Action Party was on course on Saturday for a decisive victory for a 14th successive election, preliminary vote counts showed, as the PAP looked set to extend its unbroken six-decade rule over the wealthy city-state.  Samples of voting in the 32 constituencies contested on Saturday showed the PAP had won in all but three races.  Combined with five seats already won by the PAP in a walkover, that translated to wins in 87 of the 97 parliamentary seats.
President’s post comes days after he joked ‘I’d like to be Pope... that would be my number one choice’
The 99-year-old ex-Prime Minister dished about the disruptive U.S. President, Vladimir Putin, and global affairs, in an exclusive interview.
Former first lady Michelle Obama has emerged more outspoken than ever about her marriage.
Every country that owns a significant amount of Treasury debt has the option to sell it to push back against President Donald Trump’s tariff policies.  Japan just happened to say it out loud.  “It does exist as a card,” said Japanese Finance Minister Katsunobu Kato, when asked in a Friday television interview if the country’s current commitment not to sell U.S. Treasuries could be used as a negotiation tool in trade talks.
Guide to Singapore's General Election 2025 (GE2025): When will Singapore General Election results be out? And more.
The model is getting a head start on her tan before the warmer months officially hit
The US government said it will no longer ‘fly around the world at the drop of a hat’ for meetings
Xi might find, to his surprise, that Americans can do — for a while — without Barbie. And that U.S. companies are more capable of leaving China than he expects.
Chronic high blood sugar is linked to metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Doris Au, a seller of door locks and hardware in Hong Kong for 25 years, received a letter from her bank, DBS Group, last June stating that her business account would be closed.  Au discovered after searching online that another firm with a similar name was added to the U.S. trade blacklist in October 2023 for "providing support to Russia's military and/or defense industrial base."  The entry identified two addresses, one of which was Au's warehouse.
Day by day, the evidence mounts that Donald Trump is rethinking American policy towards Ukraine. His ambition to put a swift end to the war has come to nothing, but the crucial change is that he may at last be realising that Vladimir Putin is chiefly responsible for thwarting his efforts.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
The singer denies the story told by the actress about her disregarding Makiyo's late mother
Manchester United took control of their Europa League semi-final against Athletic Bilbao when they were awarded a fiercely disputed penalty only seconds after taking the lead.
Gold prices tumbled due to near-record liquidations in China following a period of significant purchases, reversing a recent upward trend in the market.
Fox played her first-ever DJ set, which fittingly included her single "Down the Drain."
The post Seng Heng Braised Duck Noodles: The elusive duck noodle stall that’s only open 2 hours a day appeared first on SETHLUI.com.
Midfielder is into double figures for goals this season
Prince William and Kate Middleton's middle child hit double digits on Friday.