Big Mama channels New New as she sets to drop her third studio album.

													By
												

	Angel Diaz


Latto channels the classic 2006 hip-hop movie ATL in the trailer for her third studio album Sugar Honey Iced Tea.

	Narrated by the Dungeon Family’s Big Rube, 2 Chainz, T.I., Cascade roller rink and Magic City all make cameos as Big Mama does her best Lauren London-as-“New New” impression. Big Mama teased a few tracks. In the beginning of the trailer, she’s sitting in the passenger seat of a car and turns up a song featuring SZA. Then toward the end, she can be heard rapping a remix of Tip’s “24’s” from 2003.

	During our recent cover story with the Atlanta MC, she expressed confidence in the creative zone she’s in at the moment. “I love the music that I’m making right now,” she told our writer Kyle Denis. “I’m not chasing achievements. I’m just doing me. This is the happiest I’ve been to the point where I even told the label [to] fall back. I’m in the studio — I don’t want y’all sending me no beats, no songs, nothing. I’m doing what I want to do. I really haven’t been this confident for a project yet.”

	










	As far as what the album may sound like, she revealed that her moodboard for the project consisted of Mariah, Beyoncé, Lil Kim and Kelis. “I feel like what I’m doing has not been done before, so let’s start there,” she boasted. “[Aesthetically], I’ve been pulling from Mariah Carey, Beyoncé and Lil’ Kim. [Musically], I’ve been pulling from Kelis, but obviously with a Southern hip-hop twist. They have very feminine energy, but masculine in the sense of confidence.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Adding, “I feel like they was boss bi—es. It just gave “I’m that girl.” When you hear and see them in that prime era, it gave “I’m here to stay.” In a world where everybody do music, I’m looking up to the GOATs at this sh-t. Ain’t no microwave artists here. I’m tryna be here for a minute… I am going to be here for a minute. I’ve been here for a minute already.”

Sugar Honey Iced Tea is set to drop Aug. 9.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.