The category has eight nominees this year, including two songs co-written by Jack Antonoff.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	The 2024 Grammy Awards are just days away, and opinions about who should win each of the categories  are all over the map. That especially goes for the so-called “Big Four” categories: album of the year, record of the year, best new artist and, of course, song of the year.

	That final category in particular boasts stiff competition this year, with eight of the biggest names in music — seven of whom are female artists — being considered. Will it go to Taylor Swift, whose “Anti-Hero” ruled the Billboard Hot 100 for eight weeks and made her the Grammys record-holder for most song of the year nominations in history? How about Miley Cyrus, whose “Flowers” also scored eight weeks atop the Hot 100? Or perhaps SZA, whose “Kill Bill” earned her a career first solo No. 1 on the U.S. chart?

	










	There are also two songs from the Barbie soundtrack in the running: Dua Lipa’s “Dance the Night” and Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” will compete in the songwriting race; Billboard predicts that the latter will take the prize.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Notably, Jack Antonoff is nominated twice in the category, thanks to his work on both “Anti-Hero” and Lana Del Rey’s “A&W,” a standout from Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd. Voters also have their choice of two songs named after creatures with wings — Jon Batiste’s “Butterfly” and Olivia Rodrigo’s “Vampire” — so do with that information what you will.

	But while the Recording Academy voters may have jurisdiction over who wins what at this year’s Grammys, you get to decide in this Billboard poll. Tell us who should win song of the year in 2024 below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.