It will be the first official song taken from their upcoming 10th album 'Moon Music'
Coldplay have begun teasing their brand new single ‘feelslikeimfallinginlove’, the first song from their upcoming album ‘Moon Music’.
The band first started teasing their return to music on June 7, where they shared a sped-up snippet of the song to Instagram with the caption: “first time”.
Now, Coldplay have officially announced the song’s title as ‘feelslikeimfallinginlove’, where they took to X/Twitter to share the news. There, they posted a picture of the song title in front of a holographic moon against a teal background, also writing ‘June 21’ – implied to be the song’s release date.
In snippets Coldplay have shared, fans can hear the following lyrics: “It feels like I’m falling in love / Maybe for the first time / Baby, it’s in my mind / You blow / It feels like I’m falling in love / You’re throwing me a lifeline / This is for a lifetime / I know“.
‘feelslikeimfallinginlove’ will be the first song to be released from Coldplay’s 10th studio album, ‘Moon Music’, which they said was “nearly finished” at the beginning of this year. Take a listen to ‘feelslikeimfallinginlove’ down below:
feelslikeimfallinginlove June 21 pic.twitter.com/9Ujk4AIcHm
— Coldplay (@coldplay) June 13, 2024
Coldplay have previously hinted they would stop releasing albums in the year 2025. Back in 2021, they said in an interview with Jo Whiley that they were coming to the end of their time writing new material.
“Well I know I can tell you: our last proper record will come out in 2025 and after that I think we will only tour,” Martin said at the time. “Maybe we’ll do some collaborative things but the Coldplay catalogue, as it were, finishes then.”
Martin shared a similar sentiment with NME too in 2021, when he discussed how “intense” it can be to keep releasing new material.
“We’re going to make 12 albums. Because it’s a lot to pour everything into making them. I love it and it’s amazing, but it’s very intense too,” he said. “I feel like because I know that challenge is finite, making this music doesn’t feel difficult, it feels like, ‘This is what we’re supposed to be doing’.”
He added: “I don’t think that’s what we’ll do. I know that’s what we’ll do in terms of studio albums.”
The band are due to headline Glastonbury Festival later this month, when they will become the first act ever to top the Pyramid Stage bill five times, after their slots in 2002, 2005, 2011 and 2016.
Other headliners this year include SZA and Dua Lipa, with the full line-up and stage times having been released earlier this week. You can plan your weekend here.
Last week, Coldplay shared an update on the sustainability initiatives they have been implementing on their ‘Music Of The Spheres’ tour. They said the tour had generated 59 per cent less CO2 emissions than their previous stadium tour in 2016 and 2017, beating their own target of 50 per cent.
It has also been revealed that 7million trees have been planted globally thanks to the success of the live shows. This comes as a result of the band promising to have one tree planted for every person who attends the tour.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.