Glastonbury Festival 2025 looks to have some very big names on the line-up.
The likes of Eminem, Stevie Wonder and Rihanna are rumoured to be headlining next year.
Tickets for the annual music festival, held at Worthy Farm in Somerset between 25th and 29th June, went on sale on Thursday for coach packages, and on Sunday for standard tickets, which are priced at £373.50. While fans were disappointed over the outrageous ticket prices for 2025, many are already speculating who will be taking to the Pyramid Stage.
Last year, fans were divided over the line-up, with pop sensation Dua Lipa headlining on the Friday night, and beloved Glastonbury veterans Coldplay topping the bill on the Saturday. Shania Twain was the music icon on the Legends Slot on Sunday afternoon, and US singer SZA closed the festival.
Next year, rap superstar Eminem is rumoured to be headlining the festival, after releasing his 12th studio album, The Death of Slim Shady, in July. He’s never performed at Glastonbury, but has headlined Reading and Leeds Festival in 2017, and performed after a long hiatus at the MTV Video Music Awards back in September.
Rihanna is also rumoured to be performing at Glastonbury, with fans eagerly awaiting her ninth studio album, which will be released next year. The 36-year-old is reportedly working with Live Nation ahead of a possible tour in 2025, with many speculating she’s ready to take to the Pyramid Stage amid her long-awaited comeback.
In 2023, she headlined the Super Bowl Halftime Show to rave reviews, and broke the internet as she debuted her baby bump during the performance. Music icons Cher and Stevie Wonder are rumoured to be in contention for a headline slot on the Pyramid Stage on the Saturday night, with Billy Joel a contender for the Legends Slot on the Sunday afternoon.
The Uptown Girl hitmaker is in the UK for a tour around the time of Glastonbury Festival, leading many to suggest he’ll be at Worthy Farm next year. Sam Fender is another rumoured act for the headline slot, after he teased a possible tour in 2025, while Olivia Rodrigo fuelled reports she would be on the line-up after she announced she would be performing at BST Hyde Park in June.
The gig means she will be in the UK around the time of the festival, and many fans are desperate to see the Vampire hitmaker take to the Pyramid Stage after her rise to superstardom. Other acts rumoured to be at the festival next year are CMAT and The Libertines, while Raye is another possible headline act after winning a record-breaking six Brit Awards in February. The official line-up announcement will be made early next year.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.