Earlier today, we learned that Kendrick Lamar and SZA will be hitting the road together starting in April 2025. It's sure to be the biggest tour of 2025, or at least one of them. The artists have worked together frequently, and we're hoping that some of their collaborations will be part of their show. Two of them are from Kendrick's latest album, GNX. Note that some of the songs are not safe for work. 
Kendrick Lamar featuring SZA - "luther" from GNX (2024)
OK, maybe a slow jam like this wouldn't work in a football stadium, but on the other hand, watching people react to it makes us think that people would be ok with it. It's one of Kendrick's most accessible jams; who knows, if he plays it at the Super Bowl Halftime show, it could be a crossover hit. By next year when they tour, it might be a smash. 
SZA featuring Kendrick Lamar - "Babylon" from Z (2014) 
This one is another slow song; it's almost got a dream-like quality to it. Maybe not the best one to play at a stadium, and unlike "luther," it isn't new. This one came out a decade ago on SZA's third EP, Z.
SZA featuring Kendrick Lamar - "Doves In The Wind" from Ctrl (2017) 
Well, if SZA joins Kendrick at the Super Bowl, you can assume that it won't be for "Doves In The Wind." At the beginning of the song, SZA sings, "Forrest Gump had a lot goin' for him/Never without p----/You know, Jenny almost gave it all up for him/Never even pushed for the p----/Where's Forrest now when you need him?" 
Kendrick then taps in for a pretty wild verse: "You overcompensate too much for the p----/You like to throw all kinda shade for the p----/See, that's what p---- n----s do/I know the ways of a p----, I see p---- lookin' at you/How many n----s get mistaken for clitoris in a day?/How many sentiments you make before runnin' p--- away?/How many times she gotta tell you that d--- is disposable?/But if she f--- a young n---- like me, it's over for you." 
Kendrick Lamar featuring SZA - "gloria" from  GNX (2024)
This song sort of recalls Common's classic "I Used To Love H.E.R." In that song, the "her" is hip-hop, and here, Kendrick is rapping not about a woman, but about his art: "They margins ain't big enough, they all led by bigotry/My woman and my right hand, my saint and my sin/Ain't no bitch like my bitch 'cause that bitch been my pen." 
Kendrick Lamar featuring SZA - "All The Stars" from Black Panther - The Album: Music From And Inspired By (2018)
Of course, if SZA joined Kendrick at the Super Bowl, it would probably be for this song: it was a massive hit from a beloved Marvel film (and would be a nice tribute to Chadwick Boseman). And of course, we'd love to see them play this song every night on their tour. Speaking of which, the tour kicks off in April. See the dates below. 
Apr 19 - Minneapolis, MN - U.S. Bank Stadium
Apr 23 - Houston, TX - NRG Stadium
Apr 26 - Arlington, TX - AT&T Stadium
Apr 29 - Atlanta, GA - Mercedes Benz Stadium
May 03 - Charlotte, NC - Bank of America Stadium
May 05 - Philadelphia, PA - Lincoln Financial Field
May 08 - East Rutherford, NJ - MetLife Stadium
May 09 - East Rutherford, NJ - MetLife Stadium
May 12 - Foxborough, MA - Gillette Stadium
May 17 - Seattle, WA - Lumen Field
May 21 - Los Angeles, CA - SoFi Stadium
May 23 - Los Angeles, CA - SoFi Stadium
May 27 - Glendale, AZ - State Farm Stadium
May 29 - San Francisco, CA - Oracle Park
May 31 - Las Vegas, NV - Allegiant Stadium
Jun 04 - St. Louis, MO - The Dome at America's Center
Jun 06 - Chicago, IL - Soldier Field
Jun 10 - Detroit, MI - Ford Field
Jun 12 - Toronto, ON - Rogers Centre
Jun 16 - Hershey, PA - Hersheypark Stadium
Jun 18 - Washington, DC - Northwest Stadium
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!