Glastonbury has changed the way fans will join its booking process ahead of tickets going on sale for the world famous festival next week.
Festival-goers previously had to refresh the holding page when tickets went live, but now they will be randomly assigned a place in the queue if they are already waiting on the website.
Coach travel tickets will go on sale on Thursday November 14 at 6pm while standard tickets will follow on Sunday November 17 at 9am.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
In a 2025 Ticket Sale FAQ posted to their website on Tuesday, the festival said: “The booking process itself for 2025 will be the same as in previous years, however the way in which you join the booking process is changing.
“Rather than refreshing the holding page to attempt to access the booking page, this year, when the ticket sale begins (at 6pm or 9am respectively) everyone who is already on the glastonbury.seetickets.com page will randomly be assigned a place in a queue to access the booking process.
“Anyone who logs on once the sale has started will automatically be added to the back of the queue, so it’s important to make sure you are online ready at least a few minutes before the sale opens.
“Once you are in the queue, a progress bar will indicate how close you are to reaching the booking page.”
The festival has warned prospective buyers to not refresh the page or use multiple devices or tabs as “you may lose your place in the queue”.
This change comes after a spotlight was shone on various issues within online ticket selling including the use of dynamic pricing and tickets being resold by touts.
The subject made headlines after the release of Oasis tickets in September prompted the Government and the UK’s competition watchdog to pledge they would look at the use of prices surging in line with demand.
In a bid to prevent touting, Glastonbury customers have to register in advance to buy tickets for the event, which will take place at Worthy Farm in Somerset from June 25 to 29 next year.
Tickets for Glastonbury 2025 will cost £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, which is a £18.50 rise from the 2024 price of £355 plus a £5 booking fee.
Last year, coach tickets sold out within 25 minutes while standard tickets were all bought within an hour.
Festival organiser Emily Eavis has previously said 2026 will be a fallow year for Glastonbury, to allow the land to rest and recover, but she is already in talks with acts to headline in 2025.
The 2024 festival was the first year the event has featured two female headliners on the Pyramid Stage, Dua Lipa on Friday and SZA on Sunday.
On Saturday Coldplay made history as the first act to headline the festival five times.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.