GLASTONBURY Festival is now less than two weeks away, with more than 200,000 people expected to descend on Worthy Farm.


  The festival will begin on Wednesday, June 26 and finish on Sunday, June 30.


  The iconic Pyramid Stage will be headlined by Dua Lipa (Friday), Coldplay (Saturday) and SZA (Sunday). A host of other big names such as Shania Twain, Burna Boy, Camila Cabello, Avril Lavigne and Sugababes will perform on the main stages.


  But what weather can festival-goers expect?


Festival-goers trudge through the mud at a past festival. (Image: PA)


  The Met Office says Glastonbury is still to far away to give a detailed forecast, but it has outlined the chances of higher temperatures in the south of the UK.


  A spokesperson said: “The weekend’s weather (June 22/23) is expected to start with largely cloudy conditions, and possibly turning breezier too.


  “Any rain or showers remain more likely in the north and west, with generally drier conditions further south and east.


  “A gradual trend towards more settled, and warmer weather is then likely into next week, with a small chance that this could persist for several days leading to a spell of hot weather with winds from the south or southeast.


  “There are a number of other possible scenarios at this range, with details likely to become clearer through this week as we get nearer the event.”


Festival-goers queue for an ice cream at Glastonbury 2023. (Image: Yui Mok/PA)


  The weather service's long-term forecast says changeable conditions are “likely to remain dominant” in the last week of June, with “spells of more settled and drier conditions likely in the south and east”.


  AccuWeather, an American company that provides weather forecasting services worldwide, has published a day-by-day forecast for the festival.


  This is what it suggests will happen in Pilton on each day:


Wednesday, June 26: Mainly cloudy and warm; a touch of rain in the afternoon.


Thursday, June 27: Considerable cloudiness with showers and thunderstorms


Friday, June 28: Cloudy with a couple of showers, mainly early on


Saturday, June 29: Mostly cloudy with a touch of rain


Sunday, June 30: Cloudy 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.