Lizzo has told her fans she is "done" with music after sharing an emotional post on social media. Taking to Instagram stories last night, the music sensation said she is sick of being made fun of and lied about for other people to get attention, reports the Mirror.
Fans were quick to keep going, with many stating how much her music has impacted their lives. In a post shared on Friday, she wrote: "I'm getting tired of putting up with being dragged by everyone in my life and on the internet.
"All I want is to make music and make people happy and help the world be a little better than how I found it. But I'm starting to feel like the world doesn't want me in it.
"I'm constantly up against lies being told about me for clout and views... being the butt of the joke every single time because of how I look.
"My character being picked apart by people who don't know me and disrespecting my name. I didn't sign up for this s**t. I quit," ending her message with a peace sign emoji.
The singer has been keeping a low profile since claims were made that she mistreated her backup dancers. She came back into the public eye at the Grammy Awards last month, where she gave SZA the award for Best RandB Song.
The Truth Hurts crooner was sued by some of her backup dancers slamming her for creating a hostile work environment and sexual harassment. They say she was not a good boss and was not appropriate with them.
Lizzo, whose real name is Melissa Viviane Jefferson, is dealing with these allegations along with her touring company and dance captain Shirlene Quigley.
In the lawsuit, three of Lizzo's dancers said that she made them touch naked people at a strip club in Amsterdam and also claimed they were taken to the club without knowing where they were going. Lizzo has since denied these claims,
"These sensationalized stories are coming from former employees who have already publicly admitted that they were told their behaviour on tour was inappropriate and unprofessional," she said when the claims came out. "As an artist, I have always been very passionate about what I do. I take my music and my performances seriously because, at the end of the day, I only want to put out the best art that represents me and my fans."
It's unclear if the abuse claims are what are leading to Lizzo's departure announcement, but they could be a factor. The singer has also been shamed for her size, being told that she was too big to be a superstar.
Lizzo's fans wrote messages asking her not to quit music. "You have and continue to help so many. Please don't give up we need and love you! ! " one fan said.
Another fan wrote: "I don't know if it helps, but you've definitely helped me feel more confident and brave to post. I think you're amazing and its unfair how people treat bigger black women on the internet. You don't deserve all this, I do hope it stops soon."
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.