Eclipse News
Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon

	In case you missed it, the Total Solar Eclipse is coming on April 8, and the fervor is rising. Texas is going to be one of the 
	best places in the U.S. to see it, with dark skies set to cover Texas cities for up to four minutes — although sadly San Antonio will only get 18 seconds. Everyone's getting ready, from hotels to music festivals, and everything in between.


	The only missing link is the soundtrack. What kind of celestial music will provide the most fitting backdrop for this once-in-a-lifetime event? You need the right kind of themed songs, which can be grouped into two categories:


	Beyond the opportunity to make another pioneering list, a feat for which CultureMap has become known, this exercise provides a chance to get acquainted with music you may not have heard of, which is more than likely since some of these songs are o-l-d.


	Here's our list of suggested songs to play during the Total Solar Eclipse, in alphabetical order:

Ain't No Sunshine, Bill Withers, 1971
	Singer-songwriter Withers was famously working in a factory making bathrooms for 747s when he wrote this song, which became a huge hit. It's cool the way it starts out simple, just Withers' voice and guitar, then strings come in to give it a celestial, eclipse-worthy sweep. The lyrics are basic, but peak with the passage where he repeats "I know I know I know" 26 times in a 10-second span without pause. That's half the totality in San Antonio.
All The Stars, Kendrick Lamar with SZA, 2018This collaboration between rapper Kendrick Lamar and singer SZA is a breathtaking back-and-forth between Lamar's cool treated vocals and SZA's soulful, soaring tones, set over a jittery beat with little sci-fi pops that fit the eclipse milieu to a T. The lyrics seem to be about a severed romance, but all you need to know is that they chant the line "All the stars are closer" 18 times, and it's impossible not to chime in.
Bad Moon Rising, Creedence Clearwater Revival, 1969
	This song was one of CCR's biggest hits, and it has a funny disconnect: The music is chipper and upbeat, but the lyrics are apocalyptic, predicting doom and gloom. Ancient civilizations used to 
	view eclipses with fear and awe, before astronomers discovered they were predictable. So there's your very loose eclipse tie-in, but this song makes the list mostly for the song title.

Black Hole Sun, Soundgarden, 1994
	One of the Seattle rock band's best songs, "Black Hole Sun" was a departure from their usual grunge sound. Singer-songwriter Chris Cornell 
	said that it was "grasping for some kind of hope out of depression or feeling sort of lost or sad." The moody, psychedelic quality of the music and the "impressionistic" lyrics — i.e. they don't need to make sense — make it a perfect song for an eclipse.

Children of the Sun, Golden Dawn Arkestra, 2018There are almost too many sun-worshipping songs to choose from within Austin band Golden Dawn Arkestra's catalog, from "Wings of Ra," to "Stargazer," to "Cosmic Dancer." Let's cut straight to the chase: "Children of the Sun" is the best move. Let the mantra wash over you ("We are the children/The chosen ones") and the jazz funk beat move you into a new life as someone who has become aligned with the sun god.
Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground, Blind Willie Johnson, 1927Once upon a time in 1977, scientists did some very important science and put two identical golden records on the Voyager space crafts, just in case someone ever finds them and is curious about what life on Earth sounds like. They included this meditative gospel blues track by Central Texas artist Blind Willie Johnson. Listen to it while quietly pondering the miracle of life and the impassivity of the cosmos.
Spaceman, The Killers, 2008It's probably fair to say "Spaceman" isn't indie glam rock band The Killers' best song, but in 2024 the dance tune is one of the most nostalgic. Get inside frontman and spaceman Brandon Flowers' head and take a journey to the moon as it aligns with the Earth and sun. If you plan carefully and start the linked YouTube video 19 seconds past 1:31 pm, you can time the totality with the song's weird, futuristic bridge.
Total Eclipse of the Heart, Bonnie Tyler, 1983
	This 80s staple may be corny and melodramatic but you can't leave it out on any eclipse list, not with that dead-on title. Here's a fun fact: The song sees a spike in interest during every eclipse, most recently 2021 when Tyler observed it on Twitter, saying, "Notifications are blowing up.*checks news* Ah. There's an eclipse." She even sang it on a cruise ship during an eclipse in 2017.

Total Eclipse of the Sun, Don McLean, 2018
	Kinda drippy song which seems to be about being dumbstruck by a girl is a sweet effort by Don McLean, most famous for his 1971 song, "American Pie." The old dude is still writing songs. That said, it's on this list for the title and the title alone.

The Sky Is A Neighborhood, Foo Fighters, 2017One of music's most famous believers in aliens is affable rock legend Dave Grohl, who even co-opted a vintage term for UFOs as his band's name when starting Foo Fighters. We can't say for sure that aliens aren't behind this, so consider honoring them by blasting this roof-stomper Grohl wrote about his stargazing hobby; The idea is that we're all in this Universe together, so we have to be respectful.
Also Sprach Zarathustra, Richard Strauss, 1896
	Classical music piece written by composer Richard Strauss in 1896 became hugely famous after it was used masterfully in the 1968 Stanley Kubrick film 2001: A Space Odyssey. It's since become a common go-to soundtrack in popular culture when you want to tease a momentous event and has been used for space-related scenes. If there's any music associated with outer space, this is it.

Watcher of the Skies, Genesis, 1972
	Song by British prog-rock band Genesis came out during their prime era, when they still had singer Peter Gabriel and drummer Phil Collins. It wasn't their best-known, but it is nonetheless a sprawling 7-minute-plus masterpiece with abrupt shifts in tempo, classic prog-rock instrumentation like Mellotron and flute, and Collins' killer drums. It makes the list both because of the pertinent title and also, it's just a great song.

Dark Side of the Moon, Pink Floyd, 1973
	This concept album with universal themes by rock band Pink Floyd was the fourth-best selling album in history, and has also spent more time on the charts than any other album in history. There's the name of the album. The prism album cover. The final track called "Eclipse." Really, just play this album.

--
Brianna Caleri contributed some songs to this list.
Monkey Move
Another quirky, longtime South Congress store has moved on from the historic street — but this time, it's reopening in another busy area nearby. After 20 years on SoCo, the toy and other fun things store Monkey See, Monkey Do! is now open at 2810 Menchaca Rd.
Two opening weekend celebrations will get things started. On Saturday, May 3, the store will start selling just-released Sonny Angels collectible figures. (Guests are encouraged to arrive early in case of a long line.) Then a Star Wars-themed party on May 4 invites guests in for free hot dogs and Lone Star beer. 
New Sonny Angels will be available May 3.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
The new location shares a triangular island of land between South Lamar Boulevard, Menchaca, and Barton Skyway with three other businesses: Papalote Taco House, ThunderCloud Subs, and the Soup Peddler. Foot traffic won't match the former tourist destinations, but Austinites pass this area often, especially if they live in South Austin.
A release sent by founder Brandon Hodge points out that Big Top Candy Shop, his store a few doors down on the same block, will not be relocating. It remains on South Congress Avenue, and Hodge teases some new candies and sodas to come.
Locals know there's a miasma of anxiety on South Congress about small businesses being pushed off the street. Hodge himself has raised the alarm as president of the South Congress Merchants Association. However, he intentionally sets a happy tone for talking about the move for Monkey See, Monkey Do! He emphasizes that it was a voluntary move.
“We are incredibly excited for this move,” said Hodge in the release. “With all due respect to our incredible culinary neighbors on South Congress, after two decades we have decided to explore new lunch options. While we will definitely miss having our fill of Gueros, Home Slice, and Magnolia Café every day, we felt it was high time to explore some of the menus South Lamar has to offer.”
Longtime store manager Steven Almaguer, is also looking forward to good eats, and paints a picture of what it was like to work in a tourist location.
On the one hand,” he said, "selling toy accordions and lava lamps to celebrities makes for an interesting workday, but on the other hand, we haven’t had a Thundercloud Subs right next door, so we’re really looking forward to being their new South Lamar neighbors.”  
Vintage toys are a big draw for many visitors.Photo courtesy of Monkey See, Monkey Do!
On a more serious note, Hodge does discuss the experience watching South Congress evolve.
“During our kitschy little toy shop’s two decades on South Congress, we have witnessed extraordinary changes to the surrounding retail landscape,” he said. “When we first got our start down here, we were drawn by the cheap rent and amazing community of scrappy upstart businesses that didn’t quite fit in anywhere else, and we made the best of it together.”
Nostalgia aside, this move could be great for local shoppers who don't want to brave South Congress. The new spot has free parking, and a playground across the street at Amy's Ice Creams offers another pit stop on a more relaxed outing.
If this all seems sudden to neighbors, it's because the store taken shape very quickly. The relocation was only announced in mid-April, and finishing touches that only went up a day or two before opening included a new sign and the recognizable "enlightened monkey" statue.
Operating hours at Monkey See, Monkey Do! are 11 am to 7 pm Mondays through Thursdays, 11 am to 9 pm Fridays and Saturdays, and 11 am to 7 pm Sundays.