The GNX track is currently No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	It looks like Drake has given Kendrick Lamar‘s GNX a listen. 

	Two weeks after the Compton rapper surprise-dropped his new album — and amid an ongoing feud that recently culminated in two legal filings by Drizzy — the “God’s Plan” artist poked fun at one of the LP’s most viral lyrics. On “TV Off,” a loud “MUSTARRRRRD!” battle cry is unleashed midway through the track to honor producer Mustard, and while watching a recent Los Pollos TV livestream, Drake put his own spin on it.

	After commenting “We need a donut emoji in the chat,” according to XXL and multiple other outlets, the Canadian hip-hop star wrote, “CUSTAAAARRRRRD.”

	The trolling comes amid Lamar’s reign over the Billboard charts in GNX‘s opening week, with the album debuting at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and launching seven of its tracks to the top 10 of the Billboard Hot 100. With “Squabble Up” at the top, “TV Off” occupies the No. 2 spot, while “Luther” featuring SZA, “Wacced Out Murals” and “Hey Now” sit at Nos. 3-5, respectively.

	










	The LP dropped Nov. 22. Three days later, Drizzy’s Frozen Moments LLC filed a legal action against his and Lamar’s shared publisher, Universal Music Group, and Spotify over allegations that the two companies conspired to artificially boost the popularity of K-Dot’s Drake diss track “Not Like Us” through bots, payola and other methods. UMG quickly denied the accusations, calling them “offensive and untrue” in a statement to Billboard, adding, “No amount of contrived and absurd legal arguments in this pre-action submission can mask the fact that fans choose the music they want to hear.”

	The next day, Drake initiated a second action, this time alleging iHeartRadio accepted payments from UMG to promote Lamar’s song on air. The second filing also accused UMG of defamation for allowing the release of “Not Like Us,” despite its lyrics “falsely” branding Drake a “certified pedophile” and “predator.”

	The filings mark an unprecedented escalation of the two musicians’ ongoing beef, which exploded into the court of public opinion in the spring when Drake and Lamar began lobbing rapid-fire diss and response tracks at one another. The former kicked things off with “Push Ups” and “Taylor Made Freestyle,” to which Dot fired back with “Euphoria,” “Meet the Grahams,” “Not Like Us” and more.

	As for the Mustard of it all, the producer is celebrating his successes on the charts this week. “I’m just getting started,” he wrote on Instagram Dec. 2 while highlighting the high positions of “TV Off” and “Hey Now” on the Hot 100.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.