Sorry to everyone else, but Kendrick Lamar's "luther" is taking the throne this week.

							By 

	Mya Abraham

R&B Reporter

	I know you may be ready for the holiday break, but hold your horses because this week in R&B was a doozy, and we need to slow things down.

	A lot of the releases felt like they were made for the Quiet Storm like Miguel, Odeal, Vedo, Al Green, Camper, Tone Stith, and Xane. However, we also have the newest and final installment of Blxst‘s cinematic concept album, plus new tunes from JoJo, Eric Bellinger, Amber Mark, and the perfect outlier from Kendrick Lamar and SZA.

	So, check out VIBE’s top new R&B picks below.

	Just before the conclusion of his headlining tour, Blxst dropped the deluxe version of his critically acclaimed album, I’ll Always Come Find You. The new installment includes five songs and features from K Camp, Dej Loaf, and Bino Rideaux.

	The concept album is now split into five acts where Blxst embodies the persona of Birdie—a young man who inherits his father’s chauffeur car service upon his sudden passing. While navigating life, he’s constantly reminded of the lessons his late father instilled in him.

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“I wanted to add a 5th act to compliment the album. With these new songs, I’m sonically tapping into that undeniable pocket most listeners know me for while closing the series out,” Blxst said of the deluxe.

	The streets been waiting for Miguel’s return, and he didn’t disappoint because his new single, “Always Time,” came right on time.

	Written and produced by Miguel and co-produced by Jeff Bhasker and Dave Sitek, the gut-wrenching ballad is “the most difficult song” he’s ever written because it’s so honest. On it, he details the pain of heartbreak. 

	Miguel explained, “This may be the most difficult song I’ve ever had to write — for all of the life lessons and experiences that live between each line. I’m grateful for the closure it has given me and know it’s the most honest way to begin this chapter of my artistry and relationship with my audience.”

	“Always Time” will appear on his new album and marks the next chapter from the layered crooner. 

	Odeal is a thriving phenom and is back with his new EP, Lustropolis, which doubles as his debut under LVRN.

	He explores the darker side of romance picking up where his earlier project from this year, Sunday at Zuri’s, left off. The crooner considered Lustropolis to be “the culmination of all the music I’ve created over 2024,” noting that, “‘Lustropolis’ is a world where I’m comfortable and defeated at the same time, going back to my old habits but also longing for the love that slipped out of my hands.” 

	










	It’s a bittersweet end that’s also a reminder of the turbulent journey, but it also is a refreshing start to his story under LVRN’s guidance.

	Kendrick Lamar made the world stop when he dropped his surprise album, GNX. While the album is undeniably Hip-Hop, we (R&B) are claiming “luther” and “heart pt. 6” as ours. 

	The first record samples Luther Vandross and Cheryl Lynn‘s timeless duet, “If This World Were Mine.” SZA was also immediately heard as the featured artist. “If it was up to me/ I wouldn’t give these nobodies no sympathy/ I’d take away the pain, I’d give you everything/ I just wanna see you win, wanna see/ If this world were mine,” they sing collectively on the chorus. 

	K. Dot then reclaimed “heart pt. 6” as he brilliantly samples SWV’s “Use Your Heart.” 

	Eric Bellinger shared his new album that’s inspired by the rich sounds of the motherland. With the help of Burna Boy, Gyakie, Reekado Banks, Oxlade, Tempoe and Taves, the crooner merged his R&B foundation with afrobeats and amapiano.  

	Bellinger shared that creating this album in South Africa was “one of my greatest experiences in making music.” He added, “This album is a form of liberation for me. I see it as a Faith Walk—believing that what God has waiting for me on the other side is far greater than what presents itself in the present moment. It’s given me the confidence to move forward, trusting fully in the vision, knowing It’ll All Make Sense Later […] I let go of what I thought the standard should be for my songs and I let the music lead the way. With the last album being ‘The Rebirth‘—I leaned into that and trusted the shift in my entire life.”

	JoJo is riding her high with the arrival of her new single, “Too Much To Say.” Produced by The Rascals (Leon Thomas and Khristopher Riddick-Tynes), the record is an introspective groove as she navigates, asking herself the hard questions while attempting to find the answers.

	










	“Where the f**k do my emotions go when I start feelin’ emotional?/ Am I numb?/ Lately I been asking questions, been needin’ to feel something spiritual/ Is that dumb?,” she sings on the pre-chorus. 

	When speaking on the new offering on Instagram, JoJo explained, “Sometimes I feel like I’m workin too hard and chasing these racks is irrational. Relationships used to be magical. Well, now it’s a trick, so I’m vanishing.” This single will appear on her new EP, NGL, out on Jan. 24.

	Rising star XANE’s new single, “Jealous,” is a captivating blend of vibrating melodies and emotive storytelling. Produced by Jim Beanz, the track is described as a “deeply personal exploration of vulnerability [that] dives into themes of insecurity and longing.” 

	For him, he wanted listeners who’ve “ever felt conflicted by their emotions,” to feel seen and understood. This may only be his second official release, but it’s clear that he’s marking a path for himself to shine.

	In the world of blue-eyed soul, iyla is back. With her new anthem, “Strut,” the singer wanted to have a record that embodies what it’s like to enjoy life in color. 

	“Whether you’re healing from grief, leaving behind toxic ties, or breaking free from self-doubt, ‘Strut’ encourages my listeners to show up, and show out despite life’s sharpest daggers. ‘Strut’ is a call to dance through the darkness and reclaim the radiance on the other side,” she explained in a statement. 

	It’s a bold contrast from her ballad, “Blue Eyes,” which was shared in honor of her late mother, who passed from cancer.

	










	It’s been almost three years since Amber Mark’s Three Dimensions Deep, but before her new album arrives, she’s gifting fans some “loosies.”

	It’s a succinct collection described as a “mixtape of spontaneous late-night moments.” Whether it’s the playfully seductive “Wait So Yeah,” the upbeat tune “Won’t Cry” or the affirming anthem “Stop Calling Me,” this will absolutely hold fans over until the album is ready for consumption.

	Camper and Tone Stith are the duo you never know you needed. Camper’s flawless production paired with Tone’s ethereal vocals, the ballad is both sultry and heartwarming. 

	Per Tone, the record is five years old and we just want to know why they were keeping this breathtaking gem from us all this time. It’s just another taste of what Camper is cooking up on his new album. 

	Al Green said don’t count him out just yet as he shares a soulful reimagining of R.E.M.’s 1992 hit “Everybody Hurts.” It feels like a ray of hope while he also taps into his gospel roots. 

	Of his reasoning behind the cover, the crooner stated, “While we were in the studio recording ‘Everybody Hurts,’ I could really feel the heaviness of the song and I wanted to inject a little touch of hope and light into it. There’s always a presence of light that can break through those times of darkness.” 

	R.E.M.’s Michael Stipe noted, “Speaking on behalf of the entire band—we could not be more honored, more flattered, more humbled. This is an epic moment for us.”  

	Vedo is ending this year with baby-making music. His new single, “Take It Slow,” was produced by Vontae Thomas and is him urging lovers to savor the present.

	










	“Everyone is always in a rush. Sometimes, you need to just slow down and enjoy the moment. Don’t be so quick to move on to the next thing. Some moments in life are meant to be enjoyed. Take your time when searching for love, and don’t let the way of the world rush you into things you’re not ready for,” Vedo expressed regarding what he wants fans to take away from the release. 

	“Take It Slow” is the lead single from his next album, coming in 2025. Of that LP, Vedo teased, “You can anticipate a more grounded Vedo—musically, spiritually, mentally. I think these next stages of my life will bring a lot more discernment, poise, passion, and love to everything I do. A new album, a tour, and maybe even some long-awaited collaborations are all on the horizon.”

	We are so close to Jon B.’s next EP, but first, he’s giving us another single.

	“Natural Drug” is an ode to women and the magic they possess. “There is no aphrodisiac like the natural drug a woman is,” Jon B. noted.  “Through her love, inspiration naturally flows to me. She is why I dig so deep in my creativity, searching for the gems that reflect her brilliance.”

	This marks the second release from his forthcoming project, Waiting on You. It will feature collaborations from Tank, Rick Ross, Donell Jones, Alex Isley, and more.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.