BST Hyde Park has confirmed another headliner for their 2024 summer festival season, and it's huge.


  Global superstar and Grammy Award winner SZA will take over London's Hyde Park for one extra special show on Saturday, June 29.


  The singer is best known for hits 'Kill Bill' and 'Nobody Gets Me' and joins the likes of previously announced BST headlines including Robbie Williams, Stevie Nicks, Kylie, Kings of Leon and many more.


  Announcing that SZA would be taking to the main stage in Hyde Park, BST said: "The phenomenal, groundbreaking, genre-bending artist SZA will headline on Saturday 29 June, the first Saturday of BST Hyde Park’s three weekends."


  Alongside SZA, special guests Sampha and Snoh Aalegra have also been confirmed with more details on the full lineup expected soon.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)






A post shared by BST Hyde Park (@bsthydepark)


  If you're a fan of SZA and want to get your hands on some tickets to see her at BST Hyde Park, look no further as we have all the details.


  There will be three ticket sales for SZA at BST, presale, general sale and an exclusive sale for American Express Cardmembers.


  Anyone who is part of American Express Cardmembers can get access to SZA presale from Monday 4 March at 10am. 


  Normal presale begins on Wednesday 6 March from 10am and you will need to sign up to gain access to the presale here.


  General sale tickets for everyone will go live on Friday 8 March via the BST website.


  BST Hyde Park offers several ticket types including general, VIP and the Diamon Experience.


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  You can find all the information on what the different tickets mean via the BST website here.


  The full types of tickets are as follows:


Tickets for SZA go on sale at 10am Friday 8 March.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.