Manage your account
One of the largest R&B concerts in Northern California has been postponed after conditions at the festival grounds “render it unsafe to build on” following a second year of heavy rain and flooding at Sacramento’s Discovery Park.
County spokeswoman Kim Nava told The Sacramento Bee on Thursday that Sol Blume promoters have decided to postpone the event. On Friday, the promoters, in a letter to concertgoers, said the cancellation would “require us to make a significant change to the festival as we know it” for the second year in a row.
Sol Blume will next take place Aug. 15-17, 2025, ENT Legends said in the letter, though it did not say it would take place at Discovery Park.
The concert dates and artist lineups were announced in February by ENT. They added an extra day for the first time this year, extending it to a three-day concert from May 3 to 5. Expected performers were headliners Snoh Aalegra, Kaytraminé (the duo of Kaytranada and Aminé), and SZA.
The event was expected to happen in May at Discovery Park along the American River where the festival has been held since 2022. A county spokesman said Sacramento County Regional Parks had advised against the concert, citing the conditions of the park following flooding conditions on the grounds because of strong winter rains.
“We have been in communication with (ENT) a little earlier this month, basically letting them know, Discovery Park has reopened but it’s probably not going to be ready for a large-scale event like Sol Blume,” county spokesman Ken Casparis said Thursday. “With the stage, the equipment coming in and all the people, it could cause damage to the park’s infrastructure just because it’s been flooded.”
The 302-acre park also hosts Aftershock, a four-day rock festival, and GoldenSky, a weekend country music concert, in late summer, among other events.
In their letter, Sol Blume organizers said they called off the festival “due to significant site damage and growing safety concerns,” for the three-day event.
The event was postponed by three and a half months last year following similar severe rainstorms that soaked Northern California. The event, last year, was also held in August.
“Sol Blume is permanently transitioning seasons to rid us of any weather-related conflicts in the future,” they said.
“Although a late summer festival is not what we originally envisioned, if there is one thing we learned from 2023, it is that Sol Blume possesses its own magic, irrespective of time and place,” organizers said. “As we’re amongst each other, your spirit, energy and presence are what makes Sol Blume truly magic and we are committed to strengthening the brand we’ve cultivated together.
“Although we’ve had to make this difficult decision, we’re doing our very best to do right by each and every member of our community.”
The event started in 2018, when it was first held at Cesar Chavez Plaza downtown. The festival wasn’t held in 2020 or 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic but returned the following years as it grew in popularity.
Festival organizers are providing a variety of accommodations ticket holders.
Those who bought passes for this year’s lineup will have an automatic ticket for Sol Blume in 2025, and will upgrade tickets to the next highest tier.
For example, if you purchased a general admission pass, that pass will be upgraded to general admission “plus.” That ticket will upgrade to VIP passes and VIP passes will be upgraded to returnable VIP passes.
Ticket holders should immediately see the upgrade in their account, the organizers said.
Returnable VIP pass holders will receive a $100 voucher that can be applied to 2025 Sol Blume merchandise, food and beverage vendors. Emails will be sent Monday afternoon to returnable VIP pass holders to select the voucher they’d like to receive.
Those unable to make the rescheduled date will be provided a refund through May 17. But those who purchased returnable VIP passes have until August 2025 to ask for a refund, organizers said.
Individuals who purchased the layaway plan option have a couple of options:
▪ If their payment plan is completed, they can choose to keep their upgraded passes or initiate a refund.
▪ Those with a remaining balance or a defaulted account can cancel the layaway plan or reinstate their order for 2025, beginning May 6.
Full details about tickets, upgrades and refunds are available at solblume.com.