Singer CMAT ensured all eyes were on her at the Brit Awards 2024 - or more specifically, on her bum.
The Irish singer, whose full name is Ciara Mary-Alice Thompson, arrived in style at London's O2 Arena on Saturday night and delighted fans with her very cheeky outfit choice - an exceptionally low-cut backless black gown that revealed half of the singer-songwriter's bare derriere.
The Stay For Something hitmaker, who was nominated for the hotly-contested international artist of the year award, flashed the cameras a smile as she posed on the red carpet ahead of the ceremony - with half of her bare bum on display as she lapped up the attention from photographers.
Later in the evening, CMAT stood behind host Clara Amfo as the Radio 1 DJ introduced a performance, turning her back to the camera at one point to give ITV viewers watching at home a glimpse of her bum. "Ooo, she better calm down," Clara joked after noticing CMAT's cheeky turn.
"CMAT doing this every single time the camera lands on her is A) gas and B) the best possible thing you could do as an Irish person at the BRITS," one ITV viewer wrote on Twitter as they spotted CMAT's cheeky flash. "CMAT AHHAHAHAHAHA CANT TAKE HER ANYWHERE," another joked, as a third quipped: "CMAT HAS ME ON THE FLOOR THIS GIRL IS UNSERIOUS LMFAOOOOO I LOVE HER."
The official Twitter (X) account for the Brit Awards shared a clip of the moment online on Saturday night, joking: "not @cmatbaby thinking she was at the BUTT Awards, not the BRIT Awards... #BRITs." Quote-tweeting the Brits in the early hours of Sunday morning, CMAT told her followers: "the chats i had in the girlie toilet at the Brit awards might have given us world peace btw . everyone seemed to love my crack."
The Irish singer returned online a few hours later, sharing a collection of pictures from her big night off - including rear shots of her saucy outfit. "Last night was good craic," she joked as she captioned the snaps. "Thank you so much @BRITs for nominating me, last night was the most fun i ever had and i felt so blessed to be there. ps Clara Amfo the woman that you are … the moment … the QUEEN."
Clara was undoubtedly a hit with Brit Awards viewers on Saturday night, with many suggesting the music expert could have handled hosting the ceremony without co-hosts Maya Jama and Roman Kemp. Having three hosts caused many Brits viewers to remember Mick Fleetwood and Sam Fox's calamitous time hosting the awards in 1989, with many puzzled as to why Clara wasn't asked to host the show alone. "This year's #BRITs makes the Mick Fleetwood/Sam Fox performance worthy of BAFTA Lifetime Achievement award," one viewer jested on Twitter on Saturday night.
Another declared: "Clara Amfo should have hosted this alone. Someone who can set the tone. She's so natural and genuinely a music fan. That connection with Raye and other artists is why she's one of the best in the biz. Have always been baffled as to why we don't see her front things more. #BRITs."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.