MYNORTHWEST NEWS
Dec 3, 2024, 2:53 PM
El Pollo Loco restaurant. (Photo: El Pollo Loco)
(Photo: El Pollo Loco)
BY BILL KACZARABA
Former MyNorthwest Content Editor
It looks like Kent is getting a new choice for chicken.
Although not yet formalized, it appears El Pollo Loco will be opening shop soon. The franchise is known for its fire-grilled chicken and announced two years ago that it would be coming to the Seattle area with four new restaurants.
Entertainment: Kendrick Lamar, SZA performing at Lumen Field as part of 2025 tour
The restaurants will be managed by Jean-Paul Pirio, who also owns JP’s Taproom and Grill in Kent, among other local businesses. Pirio and Pollo Loco have not yet responded to requests for comment.
“Restaurants are all I’ve done my whole life. My first job ever was restaurants,” said Pirio when he purchased the rights to the franchises in 2022. “When I began researching different franchise opportunities, I was looking for a unique concept with a rich tradition that had the ability to bring people together around food, family and culture. I found the perfect match with El Pollo Loco and can’t wait to introduce local customers to the brand’s signature chicken, handcrafted Mexican entrees and assortment of healthy offerings.”
The opening date for the Kent location is still uncertain. Founded in Mexico in 1975, El Pollo Loco’s menu includes chicken, burritos, tacos, tostadas, salads, and bowls. The chain currently owns 172 restaurants and 324 franchised locations across the U.S.
Food: FOB Sushi reopens after worm controversy with TikTok food influencer
The new Kent restaurant is expected to open at 10120 SE 256th St., according to King County records. The 3,000-square-foot building in Kent previously housed a Verizon store and, before that, a Schlotzsky’s restaurant.
According to its website, El Pollo Loco started in Los Angeles and have restaurants are in Arizona, California, Nevada, Texas, Utah, and Louisiana.
This is the first time the franchise has expanded into the Pacific Northwest.
Bill Kaczaraba is a content editor at MyNorthwest. You can read his stories here. Follow Bill on X, formerly known as Twitter, here and email him here. 
Tom Brock

                                    A fire spread across a steep slope behind a home in Bellevue's Newcastle area Friday evening and ignited the back deck of the house.                                
16 minutes ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    “Rust" is finally in theaters, but unfortunately, its incapable of escaping the tragedy that was the on-set death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins.                                
6 hours ago
Frank Lenzi

                                    A man shot a suspected burglar in the leg early Friday morning at an apartment complex in Seattle.                                 
17 hours ago
Frank Lenzi

                                    A Bernese Mountain Dog had a ruff day last week. It somehow got stuck on some cold, wet rocks at Tacoma Chinese Reconciliation Park. Police came and saved the dog.                                
18 hours ago
Julia Dallas

                                    UW will have to disclose the names of its animal welfare committee to PETA after a 3-year-long legal battle.                                
19 hours ago
James Lynch

                                    Cowlitz Tribe Police Chief Charles Gardiner found dead from self-inflicted gunshot, investigation linked to possible sex crime.                                
19 hours ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."