By 

	Althea Legaspi


Coachella 2024 headliner Tyler, the Creator teamed up with his former Odd Future group mate Earl Sweatshirt at Coachella on Saturday, April 20, to deliver a couple of songs.

	The pair performed “AssMilk,” their collaboration from Tyler, the Creator’s 2009 mixtape, Bastard, and “Rusty” from 2013’s Wolf. Following their “Rusty” performance, they hugged each other and Earl Sweatshirt said, “Look at the biggest show on Earth” complimenting his friend and the grand landscape-themed stage setup. Tyler, the Creator called Earl Sweatshirt his brother and said, “I love this guy so fucking much.”

	They’ve frequently performed together over recent years, including Tyler, the Creator’s surprise pop-in at Earl Sweatshirt’s 10th anniversary show of his debut album Doris at Novo in Los Angeles last year, where they performed their collaboration “Whoa.”
FULL TYLER THE CREATOR AND EARL SWEATSHIRT – AssMilk PEFORMANCE 2024 COACHELLA pic.twitter.com/eZtO8cegN5

	Though some fans may have been hoping for a Frank Ocean surprise during Tyler, the Creator’s headlining sets, it did not take place. Last night, he appeared to reference Ocean during his performance of their collaboration “She,” from 2011’s Goblin. “You all know this song?” he said to cheers from the crowd. “Oh, sing the song ‘cause this n—-r’s not coming out. We don’t know where that n—-r is so, it’s on y’all,” he added, inviting the audience to sing along. Last year, Ocean’s polarizing Weekend One Coachella set preceded a subsequent cancellation just days before he was slated to appear for the fest’s second weekend.

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Walton Goggins Shuts Down Interview Over Aimee Lou Wood Questions		
	









	
	
		
					Piper Rockelle Has a Lot to Say About That Netflix Documentary		
	







Tyler, The Creator talking about Frank Ocean before "She" pic.twitter.com/Z9KdMx2i4H

	Earl Sweatshirt was Tyler, the Creator’s only guest on Saturday at the fest’s second weekend. During his set at Coachella Weekend One last weekend, he invited a bevy of guests on stage, including Childish Gambino, A$AP Rocky, Kali Uchis, and Charlie Wilson.

	Tyler’s next appearance is at Lollapalooza at Chicago’s Grant Park in August, where he headlines along with SZA, Blink-182, the Killers, and Future x Metro Boomin.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.