Keke Palmer has been living in the public eye for most of her life. Her immense social media presence and following makes fans think they know her personally. However, we were all shocked when her seemingly happy relationship exploded in front of the whole world, leading to shocking headlines about alleged domestic violence, restraining orders and a custody battle over her young son Leo. 
In a PEOPLE cover story featuring excerpts from her new memoir, “Master of Me: The Secret to Controlling Your Narrative,” the “One of Them Days” star opens up about having her worst moments play out so publicly.
As previously reported by The Root, fans were stunned in November 2023 when Palmer filed for a temporary restraining order against ex-boyfriend Darius Jackson, alleging that he “physically and emotionally” abused her, calling him “unhinged, volatile and dangerous to both me and our son.”
This was followed by a very public back and forth between the two, where their personal lives were put on display in court documents and leaked voicemails. When it comes to dealing with the situation, she writes in her book, “It was the hardest thing I ever had to go through.” Palmer explained that by the time Jackson’s infamous tweet about her outfit at the Usher concert went viral, their relationship was already in an “unhappy and unhealthy” place.
As ugly as things got between her and Jackson, she remembers that the beginning of their relationship feeling “very spiritual.”
“It was like, not only is this the person, but this is the time. It felt very spiritual for Darius and I,” she told People. “We had separate lonelinesses, and we created a space for us to exist in that loneliness together. And then we wanted to have a son. Leo was very planned.”
Despite the countless social media posts showing their happy lives as expectant parents, the actress/singer reveals, “There was a lot going on.” When it got to a point where “It got so out of control,” she had to take drastic action, explaining, “The only way I knew how to bring order was through the court.”
While having a new baby definitely was a “stressor,” the 31-year-old also says her life in the spotlight can be “a burden” at times.
“Not just with my romantic relationships, but with family and friends, it’s always become a burden,” she said. “Too many voices get in. It can make everybody else not trust you. It’s hard to explain.”
In the end, the “Nope” star and her ex — who is now serving in the military —settled their differences and agreed to joint custody of Leo. For his sake, she’s trying to focus on forgiveness.
“I wish I could say he was terrible the entire time or that I was ... but it wasn’t that black-and-white and that was the problem,” she said. “I didn’t want my son to think his father is a monster, because I don’t.”
And for those who find themselves facing the same issues, Keke’s advice is “Walking away is the only way.”
Up next, Palmer co-stars with SZA in the buddy comedy, “One of Them Days,” which is scheduled to hit theaters Jan. 24.