The undefinable artist knows exactly who he is 
The undefinable artist knows exactly who he is 
The title “indescribable” has followed Jean Dawson since he began releasing music in 2018. It is an ironic moniker from an industry that fixates on fitting people into boxes; Dawson, however, has consistently fallen outside of these bounds since his debut single “Glacier Gallery.” The young musician’s alluring mystique could be credited to his desire to create something that didn’t exist yet, and his ability to create a world where that unique style could live.
Adversity is not a new theme in Dawson’s life. He grew up between San Diego and Tijuana, crossing the US-Mexico border every day to attend school. In high school, he was antagonized for passing out his music on CDs by everyone except for two people— his best friend and his first-ever supporter. This independently led journey followed Dawson throughout his career, as he has never made music for the masses, but rather, for himself. Dawson debuted the slogan “For The Kids Like Me,” during the rollout of his sophomore album Pixel Bath, featuring it on his merch and social media. It is a message to anyone who connects with his music, from having faced similar challenges to Dawson to going through similar journeys to finding themselves. He is unapologetically Jean Dawson, carrying himself with a fearlessness that sprouted from the darkest time of his life.
Following a series of panic attacks in college while working on his debut EP Bad Sports, Dawson was forced to return home, falling into a deep depression. “I spent the worst part of maybe 100 and something days wanting to kill myself every single day,” Dawson shared. Yet, he was able to emerge with a newfound perspective on life. “What the fuck do I have to fear? I’ve already felt the closest I’ve ever felt to the Grim Reaper. I’ve laughed with him, I’ve cried with him, I’ve yelled at him, I’ve spoken to him, but I’ll never shake his hand.”
In the six years since starting his musical career, Dawson has produced three completely original projects. Now, Dawson has his sights set on everything – yes, everything. Following a year that saw him share “NO SZNS,” a collaboration with SZA, he is soon releasing the third installment of his trilogy, titled JEAN DAWSON AS “ACOÍRIS”, with a larger project looming in the distance. He is opening for Lil Yachty on his Europe tour beginning in April and has a comic book coming out. He’s also writing scripts, creative directing, and becoming further involved in the fashion world: If there is an artistic path to take, Dawson is testing it out. So, instead of labeling Jean Dawson as “indescribable,” “fearless” seems more fitting: “What fucking matters to me in the long run is the fact that I did what I wanted to do until I died. As long as I was safe, as long as I didn’t hurt anybody, and as long as nobody hurt me, we’re all good to go.”
This story appears in the pages of VMAN 52: now available for purchase!
Photography Daniel Sachon
Fashion Soki Mak
Grooming Michelle Harvey (Opus Beauty)
Executive producer Dan Cingari
Photo assistant Ryan Hacket
Stylist assistant Jack Wilson
Location Smashbox Studios 
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!