Last night (March 2), celebrities gathered at the BRIT Awards to celebrate success in the music industry with some taking prizes home.


  RAYE was the biggest winner at the awards and swept the major categories, including the BRIT for Songwriter of the Year which she received before the ceremony.


  The Awards has plenty of categories for artists to compete for, including the Artist of the Year, Global Icon and more.


  But who else won? Here is the full list of BRIT Awards winners for 2024.


    "don't you dare stop chasing after your dreams mate because if i did i wouldn't be here right now" @raye your 6-time #BRITs 2024 winner pic.twitter.com/Nywf6NvcC2


    if you look up global icon in the dictionary what do you see?@kylieminogue #BRITs pic.twitter.com/amt3ItbP0S


Genre Categories:


Recommended reading:


  Historically, the winners and nominees for the BRIT Awards are determined by the BRIT Awards voting academy, a grouping of some 1000 representatives from across the industry such as managers, music media and winners from previous shows.


  However, this year, viewers were able to vote for some of their favourite artists.


  From February 1 to February 15, they could vote in the Alternative/Rock Act, Dance Act, Hip Hop/Grime/Rap Act, Pop Act and R&B Act categories via Instagram.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.