It’s here at long last, the full line-up of Glastonbury 2024 has finally been announced this morning (June 4).


  We are just weeks away from Worthy Farm welcoming around 200,000 festivalgoers once again to see the likes of Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA headline across the five-day music extravaganza later this month.


  But now those heading to Glastonbury this summer can start planning their gig-filled agenda with who they want to see perform live across the many stages.


  Organisers have also revealed the stage times of each artist so you can check for any clashes between your favourites.


    The full line-up for Glastonbury 2024 is here - with set times! Head to https://t.co/LV4LrFYHHl to see it.
    Plus our official app launches this week!
    Artwork by @StanleyDonwood pic.twitter.com/riEsu0gnY5


  Just some of the newest acts added to the line-up today include indie icons James and popular Nigerian singer and songwriter Tems.


  Let’s take a look at the full line-up of the Pyramid Stage and Other Stage (including all set times) at Glastonbury 2024.


A post shared by BBC Radio 1 (@bbcradio1)


Recommended reading:


  You can see the rest of the line-up and set times across all the other Glastonbury stages including the West Holts Stage, Woodsies, The Park Stage and more on the official festival website.


  Glastonbury will run from June 26 until June 30 this year, with most of the music performances taking place on Friday, Saturday and Sunday.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.