Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Glastonbury Festival has released its latest edition of this year's map a month before the festivities kick off. The map, which was unveiled on the event’s website today (May 23), gives fans an insight into the changes made for 2024's event. 
However, it’s important to remember that there may still be some small adjustments made from the time of the map’s publication to the actual festival itself. Glasto Fest Feed has inspected the new map and compared it to 2023’s, highlighting some major changes between last year and this year.
The first notable change is Arcadia’s iconic giant spider stage has been swapped out for a dragonfly. The area also looks to be slightly smaller than in previous years.
At Silver Hayes, the BBC Introducing tent has moved slightly, as well as the Wow stage being replaced by a new structure called ‘Assembly’. Other parts of the field, including The Information, Firmly Rooted Soundsy, and The Hive are now marked on the map.
Woodsies is also getting a new stage, known simply as ‘The Tree’. According to Glasto Fest Feed, it’s described as: “A new outdoor venue, set beneath an oak tree décor canopy, zeroing into the immersive, ambient and experimental.”
One of the biggest changes made for any Glastonbury veteran is the absence of the Rabbit Hole. Usually found in The Park, it appears to have been replaced with two new stages or tents, as indicated by two blue dots on the map.
When it comes to the South East Corner, festival-goers will find a new access route to the area via Avalon. There’s also a new stage arriving at Shangri-La, known as Arrivals. 
One major change festival-goers saw in 2023 was the removal of the Row Mead campsite, which is located opposite the Pyramid Stage. Last year, the campsite was removed and fenced off to make way for an extended space for viewing Elton John’s performance.
There’s also a new family campsite, called Ash Tree. This is located next to Cockmill Meadow Family Campsite.
The map is detailed with all the facilities and services keys you’ll need to find your way around the festival grounds, as well as the different car parking and campervan zones. You’ll be able to find first aid tents, water points, toilets, and more.
Glastonbury Festival returns to Worthy Farm next month, running from Wednesday, June 26 to Sunday, June 30. Headlining this year will be Dua Lipa (Friday), Coldplay (Saturday), and SZA (Sunday), and taking the stage during the Legend’s Tea Time slot will be Shania Twain.
If you want more information about Glastonbury's map changes, visit here.