Christian Larson, a South Dakota State University Student, and his business partner, Gideon Dean, from the State University of New York, have captured national attention with their website, the U.S. Radio Updater, that keeps people informed about music industry news.
Their platform has garnered acclaim, winning prestigious awards such as the 2023 New York State Broadcasters Association’s Excellence in Broadcasting Award for Outstanding Use of Digital Platforms and the 2023 International Student Broadcasting Championship’s Award for Best Social Media Execution.
U.S. Radio Updater stands out as a trailblazing online trade publication, providing comprehensive coverage of radio charts and trends across all formats. While traditional trade publications cater primarily to industry insiders, Larson and Dean’s mission with U.S. Radio Updater is to give the public access to radio data, empowering music consumers with valuable insights. The pair primarily focus on country music but are not limited to other genres of music.
Larson’s love for country music started at an early age. His upbringing helped form the deep-seated passion for country music and the radio industry.
“I grew up in Minnesota on country music, so there was always CMT on in the house. I also played piano [in the] first grade through sophomore year of high school, and then I was also in band in middle school through high school, so I was always playing something.”
Larson’s journey into tracking and reporting trends began in 2017, where he balanced his school work with his passion for the music industry.
“I wake up at 6 a.m. to look over the latest billboards and track movements,” Larson shares, reflecting on his tireless dedication.
Similarly driven by a love for music and radio, Dean’s aspirations trace back to his high school days, where he immersed himself in publications like Country Aircheck.
Larson’s collaboration with Dean in 2021 marked the creation of U.S. Radio Updater Twitter account, and in 2023 they launched the U.S. Radio Updater website, Instagram, and Newsletter. With the platform’s launch on Twitter in 2021, U.S. Radio Updater Twitter page now has over 30,000 followers, including notable figures like Jimmy Fallon.
“We’ve also had many notable artists that have reposted our information including Dua Lipa, Jelly Roll, Lainey Wilson, Kanye West and SZA.”
The pair did not expect the amount of traction their Twitter would receive,
“Neither of us never intended it to ever get to this point or really ever take off. It was a slow start at first, which we were expecting,” Larson said.
U.S. Radio Updater has been used as a source of information by countless top music news stations such as All Country News, Country Politian, USA Today, Pop Sugar, and Outsider.
Larson plans on pursuing a career in the country music industry. Along with social media, he wants to promote singles and artists through radio coverage.
“I am optimistic about my personal journey, and I believe it could benefit both of us as we aspire to transition to the global stage and immerse ourselves into the country music industry.”
Together, Larson and Dean intend to make waves in the national music scene, fueled by their shared ambition to leave an indelible mark in the country music business.
Follow U.S. Radio Updater IG and Twitter @USRadioUpdater.
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *