Britons are excited for 2024 summer which is set to host a plethora of festivals, from Wireless and Boomtown to Somerset's very own Glastonbury festival. Music lovers must take a survival kit including water, snacks, a raincoat, toiletries and most importantly a long-lasting power bank.
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA are set to headline Glastonbury whilst Bristol band Idles will be one of the main acts on the Other Stage. Don't miss capturing memories from a low battery with Amazon's Magnetic Fast Charging Portable Charger.
Just snap and charge with Its built-in 1500Gs strong magnets, however, it is important to note this feature is only compatible with iPhone 15 & 14 & 13 and 12 with MagSafe. But, this compact charger comes with a USB-C Cable, perfect for Android users.
READ MORE Stacey Solomon shares £15 beauty tip for the perfect fuller pout
READ MORE River Island shoppers are rushing to buy must-have spring shirt dress
Over 2,000 customers have bought this portable charger just this month, with customers giving it a 4.4-star rating. Customers like the size, value, and magnet strength of the power bank.
A happy shopper wrote: "This is a perfect power pack for the more modern iPhones having MagSafe capability. They can also use a cable to charge a device. it is particularly compact and so simple to magnetically attach to the phone when charging becomes instant. No need to faff around with cables for that purpose. This is a great item which holds loads of power. Recommended."
Another said: "I couldn’t find anything to fault about this charger whatsoever. I use this charger on my iPhone 12 Pro Max. I have been on a call when my phone has only 5% battery power left so have needed to pop this on the back. I have a leather case on my phone and it even sticks well to that as it is compatible with MagSafe. By the time I had finished my call about half hour later my phone was back up to over 40% which I was amazed with.
"I’ve never used a similar product but I couldn’t have been more happy with this purchase. It’s great that it comes with a usb socket so you can use a charging cable aswell. My daughter also uses one now on her Samsung with a MagSafe case. It doesn’t charge as fast as what the iPhone does by using the MagSafe but it charges very quickly using a cable."
Amazon is selling a similar portable without the magnetic feature for just £19.99. INIU Power Bank 10000mAh has 3A fast charging that can fuel iPhones up to 78 per cent in just one hour and can charge up to 3 devices at once. INIU promises safe charging with its unique 15-Layer SmartProtect system and removes overheating and battery damage risks from your devices.
The best part about this device is its special feature perfect for festival goers. This device comes with LED Indicator lights and a flashlight, perfect for late-night partying or travelling.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.