Now that Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio, better known as Bad Bunny, is a global superstar, it makes sense that he’s been shopping around for trophy properties. Bad Bunny’s houses on both coasts are the epitome of luxury, and he’s come a long way from where he grew up in Almirante Sur, a rural area in Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Still, he enjoys frequent visits home: In Puerto Rico, he feels comforted by the relative calm and privacy that he experiences with loved ones.
“Outside of that house, perhaps the world is listening and talking about me. But in that house, everything is the same,” he told Time magazine in a cover story last March about visiting with family at his home in Puerto Rico. “It’s beautiful for me to go there and [my parents] still look at me with the eyes of, ‘Come here, Benito Antonio. The Baby. The son.’” It’s a stark contrast from his bustling professional life: The rapper will cohost the Met Gala with Jennifer Lopez, Zendaya, and Chris Hemsworth on May 6; he has three consecutive Grammy wins in the best latin pop or urban album category; and he’s in the midst of his Most Wanted Tour, making headlines for his fashion choices as well as his collaborations with everyone from Travis Scott to Drake to SZA. Below, we’ve rounded up what we know about Bad Bunny’s extravagant dwellings.
During the pandemic, Bad Bunny hunkered down at a million-dollar rental mansion in San Juan (a property that he’s kept largely private save for a few Instagram Live videos he posted during lockdown). Just prior to the start of the pandemic, the musician shared some insight into his favorite spots on his home island—“through Vega Alta, Dorado, [my hometown] Vega Baja, Manatí, Barceloneta, Arecibo—all the way to the west side of the island.” His first meal whenever he’s back in town, he told Condé Nast Traveler, is typically “a beer and some fish—usually mofongo or octopus ceviche. I love the coastal restaurants.”
In 2022, Bad Bunny partnered with Airbnb to offer fans a once-in-a-lifetime experience: a chance to spend one night on the 53-foot matte black semitruck which appeared on the cover of his 2021 album El Último Tour Del Mundo. The truck, which was designed by West Coast Customs, featured chrome flames, a customized grill, and all-leather interiors. A stay on the Miami-based big rig cost $91 a night—a nod to his record-breaking 9.1 billion streams on Spotify in 2021. “Being on tour has reconnected me with my fans and the energy they give me during each show in every city we visit is incredible,” he said at the time. “This truck has played such a big role in the concept of my tour and my last album that I want to share this unique experience with them.” Fans can unfortunately no longer book a stay on the big rig.
The following year, Bad Bunny dropped $8.8 million for a contemporary Hollywood Hills estate set on a little over half an acre. The property comprises an angular five-bedroom main house and a separate two-bedroom guesthouse with its own kitchen, measuring a combined 7,316 square feet. The dwelling was originally built in 2005 but has been recently renovated. Images of the interiors reveal pristine white walls and ample floor-to-ceiling windows that flood the home with natural light. There is a sunken living room and chef’s kitchen, as well as a wet bar just off the living room. The primary bedroom boasts a cavernous walk-in closet with its own lounge area. The grounds are dotted with palm trees and an inviting BBQ kitchen area, and the centerpiece of the backyard is the infinity pool with an inset spa, which features panoramic city views.
Also in 2023, Bad Bunny broke records in real estate after renting out a four-bedroom, four-and-a-half bathroom penthouse duplex in the West Chelsea neighborhood of New York for $150,000 a month—reportedly the most expensive apartment in the city. The stylish pad, which was on the market for $18.5 million, checks off all of the Bullet Train star’s aesthetic preferences: It is airy and high-ceilinged, with spectacular city views and a private 32-foot lap pool. There is a total of 4,552 square feet of living space, with an additional 4,593 square feet of outdoor space, including an outdoor kitchen and a landscaped rooftop with a view of the Hudson River. Of note indoors: an eat-in kitchen with terrazzo floors and wood paneling, as well as a library with a spiral staircase leading up onto the aforementioned roof and a terrace. It appears that the musician still maintains this home.
Bad Bunny’s next purchase came with some musical lineage—he paid Ariana Grande $8.3 million for her Bird Streets hideaway in early 2024. The reggaeton star’s latest residence reportedly comprises a single-story structure measuring less than 1,600 square feet, a two-car garage, and an angular swimming pool situated on three hillside parcels. Originally built in 1946, the three-bedroom, two-bathroom house is decidedly smaller than Bad Bunny’s other properties. Grande bought the rustic contemporary home for $8.9 million in an off-market deal in 2021, reportedly with plans of building a dream home there with her then fiancé, real estate agent Dalton Gomez.
The Studio Has Tons of A-List Cameos—Including Some of the Best Midcentury-Modern Architecture in LA
50 Cent’s Houses: Exploring the Rapper’s Over-The-Top Real Estate Portfolio
The Full House Victorian in San Francisco Sells for $6 Million
The Residence Offers a Peek Inside the White House—but What Really Goes Into Running the President’s Private Quarters?
Severance Twists the Mundane Trappings of the Office Into a Mind-Bending Hellscape
Inside Lana Condor’s Completely Transformed Dream Home
Actor Walton Goggins and Director Nadia Conners Imagine a New Life in the Hudson Valley
5 Secrets of the SNL Sets You Probably Didn’t Know
Not a subscriber? Join AD for print and digital access now.
Browse the AD PRO Directory to find an AD-approved design expert for your next project.
Subscriptions
Connect with AD
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Architectural Digest may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices