Octopus Energy is giving customers the chance to win tickets to GLASTONBURY. This year's three-day music bash in Somerset, which takes place at Worthy Farm in Pilton, will be headlined by Dua Lipa and Sza, as well as Coldplay.
Octopus is offering free Glastonbury tickets and an EV for two lucky Octopus customers. The newest Octoplus rewards scheme competition offers up free tickets to the UK’s biggest music festival and the winners will also be loaned an electric car for the drive, with complimentary charging through Octopus Electroverse.
Customers can also win pairs of tickets for other festivals, including Camp Bestival, Wychwood Festival and Valley Fest. Customers can enter by nominating an ‘OctoPlus-one’ – someone in their life who would relish the opportunity to attend a summer festival.
READ MORE Virgin Media rolling out change for millions of TV viewers today and 'it's free'
Nominees can be put forward by posting on social media platforms like X/Twitter or Instagram, tagging @OctopusEnergy and using the hashtag #OctoPlusOne. For those unable to participate via social media, an entry form is available for submission.
Entries must be received by 11:59pm on 3 May. Rebecca Dibb-Simkin, Chief Product Officer at Octopus Energy, commented: "Just six months after our reward scheme launched, we’ve got the best prize yet. Thanks to an EV rental and free charging through Octopus Electroverse, one lucky pair will be heading off (carbon free) to the biggest festival in the country.
"They’ll get to see Coldplay, Dua Lipa, SZA and Shania Twain, all by looking after their energy account and nominating a friend - it couldn’t be easier!” Over 1.5 million Octopus customers have already signed up to the ‘Octoplus’ scheme, gaining redeemable ‘Octopoints’ simply by keeping a healthy energy account or reducing their energy usage during the company’s legendary ‘Saving Sessions’.
To be eligible for ‘Octoplus’, customers have to receive electricity from Octopus Energy, have an operational electric smart meter (i.e. receiving half hourly readings from it) and pay via Direct Debit. Business customers and smart prepayment customers can also join ‘Octoplus’.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.