When Thug Club gets involved, Dickies classic workwear becomes a little less, well, classic.
The Korean streetwear brand, a breakout independent label quickly gaining a high-profile clientele including the likes of A$AP Rocky, Offset, and SZA, is reimagining time-honored workwear staples through its lens.
Dickies, welcome to Thug Club's world, complete with studs, embroidered detailing, and a whole load of distressing. 
Items such as the Dickies Eisenhower jacket, which has roots tracing back to the 1940s, and its 874 Work Pant, brought to the market in 1967, are adorned with contrast cross-shaped stitching normally used for the Japanese craft of Sashiko or decorated with huge Thug Club embroidery. 
But this collection goes beyond Dickies’ most iconic styles, there’s also a denim blazer tastefully distressed around the pockets with matching jeans. A smart-casual Canadian tuxedo of sorts. 
Set to be released on November 29, available exclusively in Korea, this collection is a pretty drastic redesign of Dickies’ cult classic workwear staples. However, by Thug Club’s standards, it’s actually relatively lowkey.
Let's not forget that Thug Club’s previous collaboration, with Fila, was a pair of huge, horn-wielding boots. 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.