“New year, new me.” That’s the same phrase that everyone loves to use as we inch closer to January. But this year, it seems that Black people in particular may mean it based on their willingness to share what they plan to change in 2025.
While everyday people have been open about their New Year’s resolutions, there have also been several Black celebrities who have publicized their plans for 2025.
With that in mind, let’s look at some of the best New Year’s resolutions we’ve seen from both Black celebrities and normal Black people on social media.
The Compton MC has already had one of the best years for a rapper ever so it’s hard to imagine he could do any better next year. 
But he’s already announced some outstanding plans for 2025, including his nationwide stadium tour with SZA and his Super Bowl Halftime Show in New Orleans. 
On his recent album, “GNX,” Lamar gave another peak for what he has planned, rapping on “wacced our murals,” “2025 they still moving on some scary s**t.”
LL Cool J made a return to the booth in 2024, dropping his 14th studio album, “The Force” in September after being absent from the genre since 2013.
When asked by The Standard what his plans are for the next year, he gave a unique answer, telling the UK outlet, “I live my whole life like it’s a resolution. When you hit the New Year’s it’s too late! I don’t do no New Year’s resolutions, I make my mind up years in advance. When the New Year’s come I’ve usually been working on something for three years ago.”
He added, “It’s kind of like you can make a resolution if you’re going to stick to it for the next 10 years. But if you’re going to make a resolution and then three months later you need a new resolution then it’s pointless. So the ‘New Year, new me’ is not the problem it’s that you stick to it. [Otherwise] that’s the New Year same me. That’s what we gotta do, get the better version.”
The controversial and often-criticized mayor of New York shared his New Year’s resolutions with the New York Post, giving a very political answer on what he plans to do to improve the city.
He said, “As we approach the new year, my resolution is to continue reducing crime across our city and making New York a more affordable place to live for working-class families. This includes getting initiatives like ‘Axe the Tax for the Working Class’ passed, which will eliminate and cut city income taxes for low-income New Yorkers.”
He continued, “I am also committed to working with Albany to pass the Supportive Interventions Act, which will support homeless New Yorkers living with untreated severe mental illness and help improve safety and quality of life across our city. Lastly, and perhaps a bit out of my hands, I’d love to see the New York Knicks finally bring home a championship.”
AEW superstar Mercedes Moné spoke only continued to grow as a professional wrestling star in 2024.
When asked what she wants to do in 2025, she spoke on improving things for other women in her profession, telling The Post, “This new year, I want to continue to expand awareness and opportunities for female wrestlers and female athletes in general, globally.”
While it’s interesting to know what celebrities have planned, normal people on Black Twitter always have the best answers when it comes to sharing their New Year’s resolutions. 
Here are some of the best ones we could find. While some were extremely positive and uplifting, others were more pessimistic.