Taylor Swift set a record with 10 award wins.
Source: Astrida Valigorsky / Getty
The 2024 Billboards Music Awards took place this week and honored music’s finest. Drake and Shaboozey won three categories each.
As spotted on Billboard, this year’s festivities went off without a hitch. Hosted by comedian Michelle Buteau, the event featured performances from some of the most beloved musicians throughout several genres. The likes of Cold Play, Jelly Roll, Tyla, Fuerza Regida and Linkin Park took the stage and performed memorable sets of their new and classic material. The night was filled with multiple big moments for the culture. Drake won three times for “Top Rap Artist,” “Top Male Artist” and “Top Rap Album” for his latest solo effort For All The Dogs. Newcomer Shaboozey did numbers as well by taking home the “Top Song Sales Artist,” “Top Selling Artist” and the “Top Country Song” awards.
 


					Related Stories
				





Drake vs. Kanye: A Timeline of Beef, Betrayals, and Brief Peace






Birdman Says Lil Wayne, Drake & Nicki Minaj Made Over $2 Billion For Cash Money






Rollin’ Thru: Shaboozey Announces ‘The Great American Roadshow’ Tour






The star of the night without a doubt was Taylor Swift. She took home 10 BBMA’s, which set a record for the most-awarded artist in one evening. The “Cruel Summer” performer swept all of the major nominations including “Top Artist”, “Top Female Artist”, “Top Billboard 200 Artist”, “Top Hot 100 Artist” and “Top Hot 100 Songwriter.” Her big night should not come to anyone as a surprise given the immense success from her latest full length effort The Tortured Poets Department. The album broke several commercial records with regards to streaming, vinyl sales and more. Additionally, The Eras Tour became the highest grossing tour of all time.
Other notable winners from The Billboard Music Awards include SZA clinching the “Top R&B Artist” spot and her label mate Kendrick Lamar landing the “Top Rap Song” for “Not Like Us.”


Drake And Shaboozey Win 3 Honors Each At 2024 Billboard Awards 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.