Following the tenth anniversary of the now-esteemed Camp Flog Gnaw music festival, it feels as if we—the masses—have just witnessed a monumental milestone for the Tyler, the Creator. A moment that cements his already distinguished legacy while it continues to unfold right before our eyes. 
Turning the clock back a whole decade-plus, we meet the roach-eating agent provocateur orchestrating a group of street punks and loveable loiterers on a reign of tantalizing terror from Southern California to the world’s edge. Snap back to now, and those same street punks developed into era-defining auteurs. The loveable loiterers are now revered industry talents and their fearless frontman has ascended into the stratosphere, assuming the role of the emerging generation’s cultural commander-in-chief—a compatible descriptor to match his latest eccentric style phase. 
Yet, while other high-profile brands initially ignored the soon-to-be icon, Converse, a longstanding arbiter of individuality, understood the vision early on, embracing all the eccentricities that came with music’s then-black sheep. Turning abstract thoughts into material masterpieces, the harmonious pairing manifests as a genuine joint effort between two prolific entities—a rarity in today’s often vapid consumerist void. From vibrant shoe iterations to quirky promotional sketches, there is no avenue off limits for Converse and Tyler as they lean on one another for continued inspiration. 
This past weekend, the symbiotic relationship came to a head as the iconic originator of one of sneaker’s most recognizable silhouettes assisted in producing another cornerstone achievement for Hawthorne, CA’s favorite son. Once again, setting up shop outside the legendary Dodger Stadium, Camp Flog Gnaw’s official shoe partner helped welcome in dedicated diehards from far and wide for two days of performances featuring notable artists situated along the sonic spectrum. 
Scattering bespoke pop-ups throughout the acres of asphalt—one notably marked by an inflatable Airedale Terrier—Converse fitted hoards of faithful fanatics in collaborative Tyler kicks as they hustled about the musical oasis in hopes of catching their next favored act—a somewhat futile effort with a slate that was chalked full of headline-worthy talent.  
On the festival’s inaugural day, Omar Apollo, Schoolboy Q, Kaytranada, and Daniel Caesar were among the names who opened up the weekend, controlling the stage with their chart-topping catalogs. However, it was Doechii’s mid-day performance that owned the afternoon, solidifying her case as rap’s breakout star of the year (the collective roar generated by SZA’s surprise appearance likely made a quick flash on The Richter Scale). Day 2 united generations of sound with Raye, Blood Orange, André 3000, and Erykah Badu spread across the grounds, presenting new school vocalists alongside hip-hop’s time-honored royalty. In the same span, former Odd Future members Earl Sweatshirt and Syd delivered nostalgia-inducing displays, serving as testaments to the enduring imprint created by a group of SoCal misfits from the early 2010s. 
Still, Tyler’s swaggering admissions and impassioned presentation, wrapped in the saturated green-hued aesthetic reflective of his Chromokopia era, highlighted the 48-hour festival.    
A far cry from the snapbacks and skate tees that outfitted the multi-talented rapper when he first appeared on the scene, this new authoritative look and emotionally candid temperament emphasize the IRL evolution we’ve all witnessed from a man so inextricably linked to his artistry. Performing fan-favorite deep cuts and inviting esteemed contributors from the latest LP to join in his pyrotechnic escapades, Tyler’s standout showing doubled as an ode to a career far from finished but already deserving lifetime acclaim. 
Now moving into the next phase of his career—one that will undoubtedly result in even more unfathomable undertakings—the decennial celebration of Camp Flog Gnaw is the culmination of Tyler’s artistic maturation. As one of the first prominent brands to truly give the artist a platform to unlock his potential, Converse remains steadfast as another pillar of support, empowering the versatile visionary to stretch further and think even bigger—which hardly takes any more encouragement. 
Visit converse.com to stay updated on all things Converse x Tyler, the Creator.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.