The Made In America festival is canceled again this year, second year in a row. (Image provided by Roc Nation)ROC NATION
Not again.
If you were planning on attending the “Made In America” festival this year, prepare to be disappointed because it’s been called off once again.
The announcement was made via the festival’s Instagram account Wednesday afternoon.
“Made in America will not take place in 2024,” the statement began.
“Since its inception, this groundbreaking festival has celebrated music & community - from creating a space for fans to connect, to uplifting local small businesses & shining a light on important causes. It has strived for accessibility, eliminating barriers through affordable tickets and location,” it continued.
“As purveyors of change, the Made in America executive production team is reimagining a live music experience that affirms our love and dedication to music and the work we do,” the statement went on to say. “We promise an exciting return to the festival.”
This festival was founded by Jay-Z, and produced by his entertainment company Roc Nation in partnership with concert promoter Live Nation.
The first Made In America happened back in 2012 along the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia, and Jay-Z and Pearl Jam were the headliners. It went on every year during Labor Day weekend until it was called off in 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic. It then came back in 2021, according to The Philadelphia Inquirer.
It was last held in 2022 when Puerto Rican rap star Bad Bunny headlined the closing night.
Last year, it was supposed to be held on the Parkway from Sept. 2-3, with headliners Lizzo and SZA, but it was called off a month before.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices