The R&B songstress also named her R&B faves and gave her take on VP Kamala Harris' presidential campaign.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

	Mýa dropped her hit single “It’s All About Me” featuring Sisqo in 1998, and 26 years later, the song still hits.

	The R&B songstress caught up with VIBE at Newark, NJ’s annual 24 Hours of Peace concert on Friday (Aug. 23) where she not only performed all her hits, but also spoke on the single’s impact and new wave of R&B girlies.

	“Wow what a journey,” she began. “I was just a young girl and that was the beginning of my journey and first introduction to the [music] world. It’s a very special song to me, you never know where life will take you. I celebrate it and it marked the beginning of something beautiful for me that expands beyond music, but for someone that believed in themself being from D.C. … Maryland.”

	She continued, “I took a leap of faith and left college to do that, too, so I’m glad that I made that choice and followed my intuition.”

	










	“It’s All About Me” served as Mýa’s debut single from her self-titled debut studio album and lived top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100 for three consecutive weeks upon it release. It also reached No. 2 on the Hot R&B Singles chart. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	The accompanying music video also saw the now-44-year-old perform a risqué routine choreographed by herself, where she gave the Dru Hill member a tasteful strip tease. In the G. Thomas Ferguson-directed visual, she also showed off her fencing skills against the “Thong Song” creator.

	On the song’s 25th anniversary last year, Mýa issued a deluxe edition of her debut album and delivered a new seductive routine to “It’s All About Me.”

	See both videos below.

	Aside from the certified Gold record, Mýa also admitted to being a fan of a lot of the girls who came after her generation. “SZA, Summer Walker, Kehlani, and Jasmine Sullivan,” she named for the time being. “She’s a G.O.A.T. and I can’t really consider her new,” she spoke of the Heaux Tales singer.

	Keeping the energy all about women dominating different fields, Mýa also gave her take on VP Kamala Harris possibly becoming the first woman and Black woman President.

	“It’s a very exciting time,” she expressed. “We have never had a female in office, I think it will bring some changes made that are necessary. Other people and groups of people that really need attention will be impacted in many ways that will elevate everyone as a whole. I think to restore balance, globally, it starts with a woman. It’s essential for functionality as well as life itself. We’re at the beginning of some changes.”

	










	Take a look at a clip of Mýa performing at 24 Hours of Peace and revisit “It’s All About Me” above.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.