The rollout continues as fans await the release of 'Finally Over It.'

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

Summer Walker season is here. The R&B singer took to social media to announce details of her upcoming song “Heart Of A Woman” ahead of her next full-length project. 

	Uploading the cover art to Instagram on Wednesday (Oct. 23), the Atlanta native confirmed a Friday (Oct. 25) release date for the track, which is set to be the first single from her upcoming Finally Over It album.

	The tease came with an audio message.
A post shared by @summerwalker

	“Hey Summer listen, I know you don’t know me but I’m telling you now, ‘Heart Of A Woman,’ it needs to be at least three minutes and 47 seconds long,” requests a listener via voicemail. “No less than that. Don’t let me find out that this is just an interlude… ‘Cuz I’ve been waiting for this! Don’t let this just be an interlude. Let this be a full song. Let me get this album, and let it be a full song. Three minutes, and 47 seconds. Thank youuuu.” 

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Master P, Boyz II Men, Maxwell To Headline ESSENCE Fest 2025		
			







	The comment section features support from Latto, Lakeyah, Angel Reese, and JT. 

	“Heart Of A Woman” was initially teased earlier this month with a clip in promotion of the upcoming album Finally Over It.  In a clip shared on Instagram, the R&B singer indulges in a seemingly peaceful evening, finishing a hot shower in the comfort of a cozy robe, hookah, and a drink, with the unreleased track playing in the background.  

	The caption offered fans the chance to call the singer before the number changes, which is likely where the aforementioned voicemail originated or at least portrayed as such. As of Thursday, the line has been disconnected.

	“What’s up, it’s your girl Summer, leave a message and I’ll get back to you,” blares her voicemail in the promotional video. After the beep, a man leaves a message expressing, “Damn, you gotta do me like that? Hit me back, I was just helping my cousin with groceries. Hit me back when you can talk.”

	He continued in another voicemail, “I know you’re finally over it, but damn, let’s talk about it. I love you,” as Summer Walker angrily breaks her drinking glass. 

	The voice in the message resembles that of her former beau Demetrius “Lil Meech” Flenory. Last summer while the two were seemingly together, a clip went viral of the BMF star entering and exiting the home of the woman 17 minutes later. After the Ring camera-captured video footage hit the internet, he asserted, “Damn I can’t help my cousin bring the bags in the house?”

	










Finally Over It will be Walker’s third studio album and the follow-up to her 2021 Still Over It. The acclaimed work was the biggest overall album debut and R&B album debut by a female-identifying artist ever on Apple Music at the time and debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart.  The work was also the first R&B album by a female artist to top the chart since Solange’s A Seat at the Table in October 2016.

Still Over It which features Cardi B, SZA, JT, and more,  put her in company with Taylor Swift as the only female artists in the chart’s 63-year history to place as many as 18 songs on the Hot 100 chart simultaneously. Listen to the album below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.