Glastonbury headliner Dua Lipa was approached by a busker whilst at the festival and footage of the interaction has been branded "awkward" by viewers on social media.
Dua, 28, was among the artists who took to the stage at Worthy Farm in Somerset last week as part of the five-day festival. She headlined the Pyramid Stage on Friday night, with her performing songs such as Houdini and Levitating.
Whilst out and about at the festival, the singer-songwriter was approached by musician Liam C. He shared footage of himself asking Dua if he could showcase part of a song. He referenced her Disney+ docuseries Camden, telling her that he's currently a busker in the borough within London.
Liam is seen approaching the headliner with his guitar in hand. He says: "Hey Dua, so sorry to bother you. My name's Liam C and I've seen your Camden documentary - I thought it was amazing. Right now, I'm busking around Camden and I wanted to play you 30 seconds of my song and if you like it, I just want to get your reaction." Dua responds: "Sure."
Dua's subsequently seen nodding her head as she listens to the song, with her smiling at points during his performance on the grounds of the festival. She eventually begins to walk away as she tells him: "I love it mate. It's so good." Liam asks for a hug and she obliges before heading off.
The video was shared by Liam on Instagram recently, with him writing in the caption: "Thank you [Dua] for stopping and giving my tune a listen." It has prompted reaction from viewers on the platform and others like X. Some viewers suggested that it was "awkward". One person wrote: "She couldn't wait to get away." Another said: "Well that was awks ... she looked like she couldn't wait to do one." Someone else teased: "Well that was awkward."
"So cringe. That one hurt," another person reacted. Sharing their thoughts, someone said: "That was AWKWARD man." One fan said: "I'm crying she did not give a single f***." Someone said: "Second hand embarrassment got me melting." Others defended the Brit Award winner. One person wrote: "Everyone saying she looked awkward. That is a natural reaction to strangers singing in your face." Someone else said: "She tried to be nice but no one is obliged to stand forever with every random person that comes up."
A third said: "She did more than enough. She looked awkward because she had someone filming her. That's a natural reaction regardless of fame." Another said: "She looked a little awkward but she stopped and listened which is more than most. Respect!" "Poor Dua, that was so awkward and weird," another person commented on social media. One person said: "What I find absolutely exceptional is the way this chancer asked to play her 30 seconds of his cringey little song and at EXACTLY 30 seconds in Dua Lipa, no stopwatch in hand, just f***ing bails. F***ing pro."
Dua announced that she would be headling Glastonbury on the Friday night earlier this year. She said: "I have dreamt of this moment all my life. Something that lived only in my wildest dreams and highest manifestations. I am so excited." Last week, Glastonbury organiser Emily Eavis, 44, revealed that Dua and fellow headliner SZA have helped fulfil a "passion project" for her. Whilst speaking to Lauren Laverne on BBC Radio 6 breakfast show, Emily said: "It's the first year we've got two female headliners, which is something that has been a bit of a passion project for me. That's a big one."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.