by Shaun Heasley | February 9, 2024
Annie Ray attends the Special Merit Awards Ceremony, which is part of the Grammy Awards, in Los Angeles. (Anna Webber/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Grammy Awards aren’t just for the likes of Taylor Swift and SZA. A high school music teacher who started an orchestra for students with severe intellectual and developmental disabilities took one home too.
Annie Ray, the orchestra director and performing arts department chair at Annandale High School in Virginia, received the Music Educator Award last weekend, an annual honor handed out by the Recording Academy and the Grammy Museum to recognize those who have made a “significant and lasting contribution” to the field of music education.
Ray was selected for her work promoting universal access to music education, in particular for creating a parent orchestra that allows nearly 200 caregivers to learn an instrument alongside their kids and the Crescendo Orchestra program, which teaches students with disabilities to play music.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The award was presented to Ray at the Recording Academy’s Special Merit Awards Ceremony in Los Angeles. She also attended the Grammy Awards where she hobnobbed alongside stars of the music industry.
“This award, it’s my students’ award 100%,” Ray said during an interview backstage at the Grammys. “They are the coolest kids in the world at Annandale High School.”
Ray will receive a $10,000 honorarium and a matching grant for her school’s music program.
This page is available to subscribers. Click here to sign in or get access.
Read more stories like this one. Sign up for Disability Scoop's free email newsletter to get the latest developmental disability news sent straight to your inbox.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
A Disney movie about a sixth grader with cerebral palsy who's nonverbal and uses a wheelchair will receive a special honor from the people behind the Emmy Awards.
Some students with disabilities attending Defense Department schools are being underserved due to staff shortages and high turnover among special education personnel, government investigators found.
As the Trump administration lays out ambitious plans to address autism, many longtime leaders and well-known experts in the field have been left out, stakeholders indicate.
© 2024 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
View this article online at https://www.disabilityscoop.com/2024/02/09/teacher-who-created-orchestra-for-students-with-idd-wins-grammy/30739/
Please check your email for instructions to complete your sign-up.
© 2008-2025 Disability Scoop, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Get the latest developmental disability news sent straight to your inbox.
Autism, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, and more.
Get the latest developmental disability news sent straight to your inbox.
Autism, intellectual disability, cerebral palsy, Down syndrome, and more.
You're reading  of  free articles this month.
This is your last free article this month.
Logged in as 
Already a member? Log In
Forgot password?
Don't have an account? Join Today