Hundreds of thousands of fans have headed to Glastonbury to watch huge artists like Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA take to the stage. If you missed out on tickets this year and are feeling a wave of FOMO, or if you’re already planning your next trip to Worthy Farm, you might be wondering: will Glastonbury be on in 2025?
The festival takes place every year except during “fallow years” which typically occur every five years to give the land, local population, and organisers a break. The last official fallow year was 2018, but the festival was also cancelled in 2020 and 2021 due to the pandemic.
Organiser Emily Eavis has said, in an interview on the BBC ’s Sidetracked podcast, that the festival’s next fallow year is likely to be in 2026. This suggests that if you’re eager to attend Glastonbury in 2025, you might be in luck.
While the festival is expected to go ahead next year, the official dates have not yet been announced. However, Glastonbury usually takes place on the last weekend of June, so it's likely that we can predict the 2025 dates.
The festival is most likely to run from Wednesday, June 25 to Monday, June 30.
But keep your eyes peeled, official dates are expected to be confirmed soon after this year's festival concludes.
A new pre-Amazon Prime Day deal means you can listen to millions of songs from the latest top artists totally free. Amazon Prime members can get five months of music - streamed and downloaded for when you don't have wifi - completely free in a limited time offer.
Glastonbury holds its main ticket sale in October. To purchase tickets, you must register beforehand. If you get through the sale, you'll need to place a deposit of £75 to secure your ticket, with the remaining balance due at the start of April.
Tickets that are not paid off are sold during a resale later in the month.
Ticket prices for the festival increase each year. For example, tickets for the 2024 festival were £355 with an additional £5 booking fee, up from £280 two years earlier. So you can expect them to be around the £360 benchmark in 2025.
While the line-up for Glastonbury 2025 has not been announced yet, Emily Eavis has hinted that she has some ideas about next year's artists.
"I have a vague idea in my head of who is going to be doing it next year," Eavis said on the BBC ’s Sidetracked podcast, adding that she is currently in talks with artists.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.