December 16, 2024
2:10 PM
(Photo: Sony Pictures Entertainment)
As 2025 approaches, movie lovers have plenty to look forward to with a lineup of must-see films that promise unforgettable stories, stunning visuals, and powerhouse performances.
Among the highlights are Sinners, Ryan Coogler’s chilling horror film starring Michael B. Jordan, and Sneaks (April 18), an animated adventure featuring Anthony Mackie and Chloe Bailey as spirited sneakers navigating the streets of NYC. Whether you crave scares, laughs, or heartwarming tales, these five upcoming releases are sure to captivate and entertain.
This upcoming buddy comedy follows best friends and roommates Dreux (Keke Palmer) and Alyssa (SZA) as they scramble to prevent eviction after discovering Alyssa's boyfriend has squandered their rent money. The film showcases their desperate and humorous attempts to save their home and friendship.
The film is directed by Lawrence Lamont, written by Syreeta Singleton, and produced by Issa Rae. The film also features Lil Rel Howery, Janelle James, and Katt Williams. 
Directed by Ryan Coogler, “Sinners” is a horror film that follows twin brothers Elijah and Elias (portrayed by Michael B. Jordan), who return to their hometown seeking a fresh start, only to encounter a greater evil awaiting them.
RELATED: Black Starpower Shines Bright This Winter: Must-Watch Movies and TV Shows
This animated adventure follows Ty (Anthony Mackie)  and Maxine (Chloe Bailey), who play two unique collector sneakers that are stolen by “the Collector”(Lawrence Fishburne). Separated in NYC, Ty teams up with a streetwise sneaker voiced by Martin Lawrence to find his sister. 
“Sneaks” promises action, comedy, and heartwarming messages about teamwork and identity. The movie is set for an Easter weekend release on April 18, 2025. 
Produced by Grammy Award-winning super producer Pharrell Williams and directed by Michel Gondry, “Golden” is a coming-of-age musical comedy-drama. Set in 1977, it tells the story of life in the iconic Atlantis Apartments in Virginia Beach. Starring Halle Bailey, Kelvin Harrison Jr., and Quinta Brunson, this film is brimming with nostalgia, heart, and original songs by Pharrell himself.
This highly anticipated biographical drama will chronicle the life and legacy of the King of Pop, Michael Jackson. Directed by Antoine Fuqua, the film will delve into his rise to superstardom, personal struggles, and his enduring impact on music and culture. 
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.