When the temperature rises, the sun shines longer and grills begin to appear out of thin air, it becomes just a little bit easier to hear “No Letting Go” by Wayne Wonder, “Still Not A Player” by Big Pun and “Summertime” by Will Smith. Whether it’s hearing “Work” and “One Dance” in succession at a day party in 2016 or the feeling of hearing Tems and Wizkid harmonize at a cookout in 2021, summertime is synonymous with timeless music. In 2019, it was “No Guidance” by Drake and Chris Brown. Five years earlier, it was “Hot N—a” by Bobby Shmurda. It’s a mythical title called “Song of the Summer” and its typically bestowed sometime between the end of Labor Day Weekend and when kids head back to school. It’s not determined by record labels or market campaigns. Instead, the winner is determined by how many times the DJ can play it in a row without the crowd being annoyed or how it unites crowds at the beach or a music festival. It’s the way it reminds you of a perfect summer day when it randomly pops up on Spotify during the cold of winter.
On Thursday, June 20, summer officially began. So, you know what’s next. For a third year in a row, Def Pen is bringing back its Sounds of the Sun editorial series. Every two weeks, we’ll return to give you an updated leaderboard for this year’s “Song of the Summer” race. As in years past, the songs will be broken up into five tiers — Clubhouse Leader, Contenders, Prospects, Sleepers and On The Radar. When ranking songs, the following factors are considered: resonance with listeners at in-person events, social media traction, longevity and commercial performance. In the end, twenty-five songs are stacked together with an editor’s choice pinned at the conclusion. Without further ado, let’s get to the rankings.
Note: Within individual tiers (i.e. Clubhouse Leaders, Contenders, etc.), the order in which songs are listed does not dictate their ranking within those tiers.
Five songs leading this year’s “Song of the Summer” conversation
Artist(s): Kendrick Lamar
Label(s): Interscope Records
Release Date: Saturday, May 4, 2024
From hilarious memes to concerts broadcasted by Prime Video to millions of viewers around the world, “Not Like Us” is the gift that keeps on giving. Released on Saturday, May 4, 2024, the Mustard-produced diss track harnesses the power of the West Coast and weaponizes it to create the most universally beloved Rap song in quite some time. While Drake fans may scrunch their face when reading the previous sentence, it’s true. Whether its a day party in Brooklyn or an end-of-the-year class party at a elementary school in the Midwest, there’s a chance you may hear someone say, “I see dead people.” It’s inescapable and above all else, it has the most important trait when picking a “Song of the Summer” winner; it resonates with people during in-person events. At cookouts, graduations, block parties, music festivals, beach parties, bars, hookah lounges and baby showers, “Not Like Us” is going to get played at some point and people are going to get up, dance and have a good time. It may come at Drake’s expense, but “Not Like Us” brings people together in a joyous way and it’s hard to beat that.
Artist(s): Shaboozey
Label(s): American Dogwood, EMPIRE
Release Date: Friday, April 26, 2024
More often than not, modern country music hasn’t crossed over into our “Song of the Summer” list. However, “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” is the exception. Released days after he appeared on Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter, the country-inspired flip of J-Kwon’s classic single brought Hip-Hop and R&B-leaning audiences further into the world of country music, particularly the country sounds of Black artistry. In addition, it bridges generations. As hard as it may be to hear for some, “Tipsy” by J-Kwon is more than 20 years old at this point. Breathing new life into the record allows 80s and 90s babies who loved the original to bond with their Gen-Z counterparts over this phenomenal song.
Artist(s): Tinashe
Label(s): Tinashe Music Inc., Nice Life Recording Company
Release Date: Friday, April 12, 2024
Tinashe is no stranger to “Song of the Summer” discourse. In 2014, “2 On” was one of the biggest records in all of music, earning a platinum plaque and a Drake cosign along the way. However, the months and years that followed weren’t always as kind to her. While she found success with songs like “No Drama” featuring Offset, “Player” and my personal favorite, “Faded Love” featuring Future, nothing quite captured the attention of casual fans like her debut single. However, Tinashe’s talent, creativity, work ethic and desire to be successful have pushed her through tough times. Seemingly left for dead by her label following the release of her sophomore album, Joyride, Tinashe has been on a tear since 2019, releasing three critically-acclaimed albums, embarking on three tours and covering Sports Illustrated. All of her work has led to the success of “Nasty,” a single that’s on par with her previous work, but has the benefit of social media buzz and hard-earned support from fans. It has people comedically asking, “Is anybody going to match my freak?” Others are learning the choreography from her Jonah Haber-directed video.
Artist(s): Tommy Richman
Label(s): ISO Supremacy, Pulse Records
Release Date: Friday, April 26, 2024
Usually, conversations about the “Song of the Summer” in the DMV area usually involve a handful of artists and producers, including Wale, Pharrell, Brent Faiyaz, Timbaland, Pusha T, the Clipse, Goldlink and a few others. This summer, that conversation will seemingly revolve around one person — Tommy Richman. Known to the masses for his contributions to Brent Faiyaz’s most recent project, Tommy Richman is a Hip-Hop-inspired, funk-loving creative who will throw elements of Southern trap, modern pop and silky R&B into a pot and see what happens. His prominent offering yet is “Million Dollar Baby.” While it has grown in popularity through TikTok, it’s hard to deny that it’s catchy, makes people want to dance and sounds unlike anything else on this list. It hasn’t been received well by several prominent voices in media, but it has the ear of the people and that’s what determines whether or not a song truly has potential in the summer months.
Artist(s): Tyla
Label(s): FAX Records, Epic
Release Date: Friday, March 22, 2024
Tyla isn’t just a new act. She’s a force of nature. Mentored by Chris Brown and pushed by Epic Records, the South African native has been put into position to win. However, that’s only part of the journey to success. Regardless of the marketing budget or the co-sign from a major artist, new artists that have staying power build strong connections with their fans and continuously deliver solid, if not exceptional, music. Tyla has done both. To the latter, she broke down the door with “Water” in 2023. Then, it was “Truth or Dare.” After that, it was “Art.” Now, it’s “Jump” with Gunna and Skillibeng. The track’s bounding bass, bass, amapiano percussion and Zulu chants make it an addictive listen. So, it’s more than deserving of being on any “Song of the Summer” list. However, there are two concerns. First, Tyla is having a moment right now. Nearly every song on her album could be on this list if it was marketed and pushed correctly. While having a catalog of quality music ready to go is beneficial for a new artist heading out on tour, it does making picking a “Song of the Summer” contender difficult. Someone could easily make an argument that “Truth Or Dare” or “Art” should be on this list. Second, this song differs from “Water” in that it doesn’t have a discernible entry point for people to sing along with. With “Not Like Us” and “A Bar Song,” there are points when people are eagerly waiting fro every time they are played. “Jump” is a great song, but it doesn’t necessarily have that place where people can jump in and sing along like “Water” does.
Five songs making noise, but haven’t broken through to the top tier
Artist(s): Kaytranada
Label(s): RCA Records, KAYTRANADA
Release Date: Friday, June 7, 2024
Truthfully, any song from Timeless could have wound up on this list in some shape or fashion. “Witchy” ends up being the project’s lead representative because it is an incredible song that feels like a sunny, 85-degree, low humidity day at the beach and it also is performing the best commercially. However, in a week or so, don’t be surprised if “Witchy” is replaced by “Hold On” with Dawn Richard or “Feel A Way” with Don Toliver. Either way, Kaytranada is seemingly guaranteed a spot on every edition of Sounds of the Sun because Timeless sonically embodies what a summer day should feel like.
Artist(s): Tems
Label(s): RCA Records, Since ’93
Release Date: Thursday, April 25, 2024
Summer is a time for traveling, enjoying the outdoors and spending times with friends and family. It’s the time of year when days feel like they’ll never end and memories are made. No song embodies those sentiments more than “Love Me JeJe” by Tems. Sampling Seyi Sodimu’s track of the same name, the 2024 version of “Love Me JeJe” is warm, upbeat and never fails to put a smile on your face when you hear it. With the success of Tems’ debut album coupled with her upcoming tour, it’s hard to see “Love Me JeJe” going anywhere during the summer other than up the charts and sliding into mid-day mixes on radio and day parties alike.
Artist(s): GloRilla
Label(s): CMG, Interscope Records
Release Date: Friday, February 9, 2024
GloRilla knows what it takes to dominate the summer with a single. In 2022, “F.N.F” took the world by storm and was only matched by Burna Boy’s “Last Last.” This year, she returns with the Dabanggaz314-inspired “Yeah Glo!” From the single’s aggression to the call-and-response chorus, “Yeah Glo!” has so many of the elements that made the Memphis native a star way back in 2022. More importantly, she’s outside performing the song nearly every night on tour with Megan The Stallion, keeping it in people’s minds constantly. Not to mention, her follow-up single, “Wanna Be,” with Megan Thee Stallion is also doing numbers. While “Yeah Glo!” seemingly has more competition than “F.N.F” did during the summer of 2022, GloRilla doesn’t have to do the work of introducing herself to a new audience like she did back then. Furthermore, she’s in a better position to capitalize on the success of the record as she already has a label behind her, an ongoing tour and album out. Given that it was released in February, it may lose steam in the coming weeks, but a remix could breathe new life into the track as we move into July. 50 Cent on the “Yeah Glo!” remix? Fingers crossed.
Artist(s): Sexyy Red
Label(s): Open Shift, gamma
Release Date: Friday, March 15, 2024
Like GloRilla, Sexyy Red knows what it’s like to dominate the summer with a single. Just last summer, “Pound Town” dominated “Song of the Summer” conversations and positioned her for collaborations with SZA, Drake and Nicki Minaj. One year later, “Get It Sexyy” has the opportunity to do the same. Tay Keith’s heavy, thudding production paired with the St. Louis native’s straight-to-the-point delivery give the song a gritty, yet exciting feeling reminiscent of early Waka Flocka records.  Boosting the track further, the Des Gray-directed video with cameos from Adin Ross, Fabo, Rob49 and Tay Keith takes viewers back to the late 2000s as it pays homage to Soulja Boy’s “Crank Dat” video. The song’s easy-to-learn hook coupled with its growing momentum on social media and in real life make it a strong contender to cross over into “Clubhouse Leader” status in the weeks to come.
Artist(s): Cash Cobain, Bay Swag
Label(s): Giant Music
Release Date: Friday, April 26, 2024
Contrary to popular discourse, New York City’s hip-hop scene is not in a bad place. Not only are veterans like Nas, Nicki Minaj, Jim Jones, Juelz Santana and others putting out quality music, but the new guard is also putting their stamp on things. Sheff G, Sleepy Hallow, Ice Spice, Lola Brooke, Connie Diiamond, Chow Lee, Dusty Locane, Maiya The Don, HDBeenDope and many others are building fan bases, touring, putting out music and influencing the culture. Among those making noise in the city are Cash Cobain and Bay Swag. Blending drill with R&B and club music, they’ve built a seductive, inescapable soundscape known as Sexy Drill. While they had made waves in the city previously, “Fisherrr” is the first true Sexy Drill anthem to make its way across the map, picking up an Ice Spice-endorsed remix along the way. It’s still unclear if the rest of the world will adopt the Sexy Drill sound, but “Fisherrr” has such a distinct sound that it makes nearly impossible to ignore. With that in mind, it’s hard to see “Fisherrr” not being a hit throughout the summer, but it’s not a lock to move up in the rankings either because it does feel regional to a degree (for now).
Five songs on the verge of becoming “Song of the Summer” contenders
Artist(s): Kehlani
Label(s): Atlantic Records
Release Date: Thursday, April 4, 2024
Nearly a decade removed from the debut of “The Way” featuring Chance The Rapper, Kehlani has delivered nothing but quality bodies of work and their latest, Crash, is no different. Leading the way for the 13-track album, “After Hours” brings the energy from the opening note as it channels Nina Sky’s “Move Ya Body.” “Because those drums, when they drop, it’s so recognizable and everybody just loses it,” Kehlani told Zane Lowe about the use of the Nina Sky sample.  They added, “It’s one of those things where it drops and everybody goes, ‘Woo,’ and bends their knees and puts their hands on their knees. And coming out of this pandemic to global tragedy, to global tragedy to global tragedy.” Similar to “Love Me JeJe,” “After Hours” conveys more of a feeling than a verbal message and that’s what’s needed to, no pun intended, get people moving their bodies at summer functions around the world. With the release of Crash and an upcoming tour, “After Hours” could pick up momentum and make its way into the “Clubhouse Leader” tier sooner rather than later.
Artist(s): Future, Kendrick Lamar, Metro Boomin’
Label(s): Willburn Holding, Boominati, Epic Records, Republic Records
Release Date: Friday, March 22, 2024
As the clock struck midnight on Friday, March 22, 2024, the world of Hip-Hop went into disarray as Metro Boomin’s anthemic production prompted Kendrick Lamar and Future to ask Drake one simple question, “Is you like that?” However, Lamar took things a step further with thinly veiled subs and witty references to E-40 and B-Legit’s former group, The Click. “Okay, Let’s get it up. It’s time for him to prove that he’s a problem. N—s [are] clickin’ up, but [it] cannot be legit. No; 40 Water, tell ’em! Uh, huh…yeah! Get up with me! F—k sneak dissing. First-person shooter? I hope they came with three switch. I’ll crash out like, ‘F—k rap!’ [I’d] diss Melle Mel if I had to,” he raps as Michel’le’s vocals dance over the Three Six Mafia-inspired production. Just a few months later, it appears Kendrick Lamar has lived up to his threats and then some. The song’s cultural impact paired with the quality of the production and verses make “Like That” a definite “Song of the Summer” candidate, but there’s one major obstacle. For the time being, it’s usually mentioned in some proximity to “Not Like Us” and it’s hard to see this song standing surpassing it in this conversation. Therefore, it’s hard to see a world in which this “Prospect” becomes a “Clubhouse Leader.”
Artist(s): Bryson Tiller
Label(s): TrapSoul, RCA Records
Release Date: Tuesday, February 13, 2024
In February, Bryson Tiller debuted “Whatever She Wants” as a mixtape track from his Slum Tiller series. Four months later, it’s one of the biggest songs of his career. Differing from previous hits like “Don’t” and “Exchange,” “Whatever She Wants” takes Tiller from heartbreak to the strip club with production from TylianMTB. “This direction of this song and video was inspired by late nights at strip clubs in Miami. I was never a fan of strip clubs but after getting to know a few dancers I really wanted to create something that they could either get ready to, or dance to,” Tiller told Complex about the creation of the track. Whether its the strip club or a house party, it’ll be hard to go anywhere this summer without hearing Tiller’s latest solo hit.
Artist(s): Central Cee, Lil’ Baby
Label(s): Columbia Records, Sony Music Entertainment
Release Date: Thursday, May 23, 2024
The overwhelming majority of people are not financially capable of going “BAND4BAND” with Central Cee or Lil’ Baby, but that’s not going to stop a single soul from rapping the hook to their first collaboration this summer. Anchored by menacing production, Geenaro, Ghana Beats and Aasis Beats flaunt their luxurious vehicles, diamond jewels and all of the spoils that come with being among the biggest rap star’s in the world. Given the song’s braggadocious and the back-and-forth delivery of the track’s leading men, “BAND4BAND” sits somewhere between 2020’s “We Paid” and 2023’s “Sprinter.” It will definitely have its moments throughout the summer, but it’s unclear if the song will eventually have the impact and success of some of its peers on this list.
Artist(s): GloRilla, Megan Thee Stallion, Cardi B
Label(s): CMG, Interscope Records
Release Date: May 31, 2024
Go Meg! Get ’em Glo! Go C! GloRilla, Megan Thee Stallion and Cardi B are an unstoppable trio that has the ability to play off of each other’s wordplay, match one another’s energy and deliver great music whenever their in each other’s vicinity. “Wanna Be” pays homage to Project Pat and Crunchy Black’s “Don’t Save ‘Em” while putting the power in the hands of women who have grabbed hold of their careers and impacted the Hip-Hop landscape. With GloRilla and Megan Thee Stallion touring together, expect to see clips of them performing the track in a city near you all summer long.
Five tracks that more people need to talk about
Artist(s): YG
Label(s): 4Hunnid Music Inc., BMG Rights Management
Release Date: Friday, April 26, 2024
Nearly 15 years have passed since “Toot It & Boot It” dropped and YG is still popping out and showing the world that he’s still got it. Produced by LarryJayy, DJ Vision and KayKay, “Knocka” is a distinctly West Coast track that busts through sound systems with a thudding baseline and a soulful sample of Daniel Magal’s “Cuando Maldecimos Tener Un Corazón.” Returning to the upbeat form that catapulted many of his collaborations with Mustard up the charts, YG’s vocal performance is inspired, braggadocious and filled with the energy that made him a star in the 2010s. “Knocka” may not have the mainstream attention of 2014’s “Don’t Tell ‘Em” or “Who Do You Love?” with Drake, but it it offers the same infectious feeling.
Artist(s): Bryson Tiller
Label(s): RCA Records, Sony Music Entertainment
Release Date: Tuesday, March 19, 2024
“Whatever She Wants” may be the breakout hit from Bryson Tiller’s self-titled album, but “Calypso” is arguably the project’s strongest single. With cinematic production from Black Mic, Che Ecru and company and an effectively dramatic intro, “Calypso” grabs listener’s attention from the opening note and never lets go. In many ways, it feels like a more dramatic, well-produced edition of “Run Me Dry.” However, “Calypso” sets itself apart from its straight-forward telling from Tiller and an addictive melody that will have you singing the chorus all day long.
Artist(s): Ayra Starr, Asake
Label(s): Mavin Global Holdings Ltd, Republic Records
Release Date: May 30, 2024
Ayra Starr is not only in the “Song of the Summer” conversation, but she has also delivered one of the best albums of the year. While the project’s standout hit is “Commas,” “Goodbye” has continuously gained momentum since the album’s release. The chemistry between Ayra Starr and Asake is infectious and lays the foundation for the two to perform it together for weeks and months to come.
Artist(s): Jordan Adetunji
Label(s): Indigo Kid Records
Release Date: Sunday, May 19, 2024
For the most part, “Song of the Summer” conversations are dominated by previously established acts. However, there are always exception to this rule. In 2015, “Hot N—a” became a cultural phenomenon and put Bobby Shmurda on the map. More recently, GloRilla kickstarted her career with “F.N.F,” a summer smash that earned a star-studded remix and record deal with CMG. This year, it looks like Jordan Adetunji will be the newcomer to glide up the “Song of the Summer” charts. Hailing from Belfast, Adetunji is a genre-agnostic musician known for taking elements of R&B, Rap and Punk to create what he calls “alternative Hip-Hop.” His breakout release, “Kehlani,” is a 122-second adrenaline rush that samples Summer Walker’s “Potential” and pitches up Adetunji’s vocals to create a hit that praises women with confidence and style like the Crash singer. While the song isn’t a direct product of club music, it does take elements of the genre that allow it to fit in alongside recent hits like “Sticky” and “Everybody.” “Kehlani” is the youngest track in this tier and therefore, it has the greatest opportunity to grow in the weeks to come. Kehlani has hinted that they’ll hop on the remix, which would give it a major boost and co-sign from a familiar face.
Artist(s): Darkoo, Dess Dior
Label(s): Darkoo LTD, Black Pearl Music Group
Release Date: Thursday, May 2, 2024
In May of 2002, Steven “Lenky” Marsden’s Diwali Riddim gave birth to the classic track, “No Letting Go” by Wayne Wonder. More than 2o years later, it is the gift that keeps on giving as it propels Darkoo and Dess Dior’s “Favourite Girl” to new heights. The song’s attention-grabbing horns paired with Darkoo and Dess Dior’s vocal chemistry give birth to a tune that will have folks whining throughout the summer. More importantly, it will help the average U.S. listener get better acquainted with one of the UK’s most promising stars, Darkoo. With less than 10 million plays on Spotify, it hasn’t quite reached the level of popularity that some of the Contenders and Clubhouse Leaders have, but it’s not far off. Not to mention, the song, released just last month, is a lot younger than some of its competitors. With that in mind, it’s easy to see how “Favourite Girl” has room to continue growing and impacting this list.
Five new tracks (released within the last seven days) that have potential
Artist(s): Asake, Central Cee
Label(s): YBNL Nation, EMPIRE
Release Date: Thursday, June 20, 2024
Asake has brought Central Cee to Lagos for their first collaboration, “Wave.” The funky, energetic track paves the way for two of music brightest stars to do what they do best. Asake kicks things off a short verse before the beat bends to the vocal stylings of Central Cee as he raps, “I was on the field selling class A to the fiend[s]. I was never playing for the und?r-18s. Now, it’s 18-karat. That’s another AP. [I’ve got] eight cribs to my name, and a couple AMGs.” After taking the baton from Central Cee and carrying the second half of the track, the track closes out with a few bars from Central Cee and an angelic chorus of gospel-inspired vocalists.
Artist(s): Rema, Shallipopi
Label(s): Mavin Global Holdings , Jonzing World Entertainment, Interscope Records
Release Date: Thursday, June 20, 2024
Rema’s latest release isn’t just a song; it’s a celebration of culture and heritage for two men from Edo’s capital city. This isn’t the relaxed, laid back “Calm Down” of 2022. Rather, this is fast-paced, petal-to-the-metal fun as Rema and Shallipopi boldly declare that the city that raised them will always be part of their art and expression. Released a few days ago, “Benin Boys” is still new, but it won’t be long before Rema and Shallipopi are showing the entire world why Benin City is one-of-a-kind.
Artist(s): Kehlani, Omah Lay
Label(s): TSNMI, Atlantic Records
Release Date: Friday, June 21, 2024
Forceful house-y production and a guest verse from Omah Lay serve as the undercurrent for one of the standout tracks from Kehlani’s latest LP, Crash. The Bay Area vocalist finds home in the epic fusion of House, R&B and Afrobeats as they long for love in a fictional club filled with chaos, pain and freedom. “Why you got teardrops in the club? Are you missing me or the drugs right now? Are you seeing memories of us right now?,” the singer asks before the track crescendoes. Given the success of “After Hours,” it’s hard to see “Tears” surpass it on this list, but only time will tell.
Artist(s): GloRilla
Label(s): CMG, Interscope Records
Release Date: Friday, June 21, 2024
GloRilla makes the type of music that will leave you feeling like no one can touch you and “TGIF” is no different. From the track’s opening notes, the menacing production provided by Chaii Beats will have you thinking the song is ready to bust of the speaker at any moment. The thudding production provides the runway for GloRilla’s confident, matter-of-fact raps. “I’m about to show my?a**. These?n—s love a?freak. How the?f—k is that your man if he’s right here with me?” she asks. It’s too early to know if “TGIF” will have staying power, but it definitely stands out among this past weekend’s releases.
Artist(s): Lay Bankz
Label(s): Artist Partner Group, Inc.
Release Date: Friday, June 21, 2024
“Tell Ur Girlfriend” may be the standout track from the Philadelphia native’s latest project, After 7, but “AND DID” has the potential to carry Lay Bankz’s momentum through the summer. The track busts through the door with a heavy bass line and the rapper’s attention-grabbing delivery as Lay Bankz raps, “The face is real. The shape is there. The waist? The lace? They’re snatched; it gives. The look; it gives.” The end result is an emphatic anthem for women to get ready to and a track for DJs to mix in with summer’s other top tracks.
One bonus song chosen solely by Def Pen’s Culture Editor, Ryan Shepard
Artist(s): Nesta
Label(s): Black Wax
Release Date: Friday, June 14, 2024
Bryson Tiller and Rihanna did it with “Wild Thoughts” in 2017. Four years later, Capella Grey did it again with “Gyalis.” Just last year, Honey Bxby’s “Touchin'” found success with it. It may be deemed a cheat code by some, but it rarely fails to work. Using a distinct, iconic track as the base for a summer hit is a tried and true method and it’s working for Nesta at the moment. Inspired by Gyptian’s “Hold Yuh” of 2010, Nesta crafts a quality summer track that will have the girls whining on somebody’s son from Memorial Day Weekend through Labor Day Weekend.
Honorable Mention(s): “Truth or Dare” by Tyla, “Best Friend” by Russ & Melii, “My Man” by Mnelia, “Say It Like” by Sarina, “Sugar” by Larry June & Nippa
©Copyright 2024 DefPen.com. All rights reserved.
Def Pen is a registered trademark. DefPen.com is part of the Def Pen Media Group, LLC.
Input your search keywords and press Enter.