A NEW offsite camping experience has launched ahead of Glastonbury Festival 2024, promising a slice of luxury without a hefty price tag.


  Holt Farm will be found next to the Gate D entrance and a 15-minute walk away from the Pyramid Stage, making it the closest private campsite to the headline acts.


  Guests will have access to cocktails, award-winning breakfasts and late-night toasties, a private bar, a chill-out area and hammocks for lounging.


  The site will also boast piping hot showers, clean loos, a pamper parlour, mobile charging, a sauna and a cold plunge.


  The site will have its own private car park, where guests can reserve a space to ‘avoid the queues and the cross-festival trudge with all your kit’, plus a a 24-hour security team and a family field.


Campers will be able to pick up fresh brews and cocktails to go, breakfasts and late-night toasties.  (Image: Holt Farm)


Holt Farm is a joint venture between luxury camping pioneers Yurtel and their partners Steanbow Farm.


  Mickey Luke, director of Holt Farm, said: “We’re really excited to be launching Holt Farm at Glastonbury Festival with our long-term partners, Steanbow Farms.


  “We’ve worked together for years creating a beautiful luxury camping experience at Yurtel and now have a brand-new campsite offering affordable luxury within minutes of the main stage.


  “We can’t wait to open the gates!”


Read more: Rapper who quit her job to pursue music full-time wins Glastonbury Festival slot 


  A spokesperson added: “The flat stroll into the festival site comes with pre-booked 5x5 metre plots costing from £50pp.


  “You can pitch your tent next to friends, book your parking spot, rock up and be kicking back with an ice-cold beer within minutes.


  “If you want a luxury stay and the shortest of walks to the action, all for the cost of a round of drinks, then Holt Farm is for you.”


Holt Farm will be a 15-minute walk from the Pyramid Stage.  (Image: Holt Farm)


  Glastonbury Festival will be held at Worthy Farm in Pilton between Wednesday, June 26 and Sunday, June 30.


  Coldplay will headline the Pyramid Stage for a record fifth time on the Saturday night.


  Dua Lipa will make her debut on the main stage on Friday, and American rapper SZA will top the bill on Sunday night.


For more information and to book, visit holtfarm.co.uk


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.