The singer dazzles in Swarovski's holiday campaign. Shop the sparkling collection here. 

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Ariana Grande and Swarovski are ringing in the holiday season with a dose of glitz, and a dash of glam. 

	On Monday (Nov. 4), Swarovski shared new photos of the Wicked star in the dazzling, holiday campaign released last week. “Lighting up the party with pure joy and festive spirit, @ArianaGrande serves an unforgettable holiday look in Swarovski Matrix jewelry,” reads the Instagram caption.
A post shared by SWAROVSKI (@swarovski)

	“The Party of Dream” takes viewers inside a mesmerizing, modern but retro holiday bash channeling Great Gastby-era shine with big-band style music, flowing champagne and Swarosvski crystals. Grande hits the dance floor in a sparkling Swarovski Couture dress and long black gloves accessorized with bracelets, earrings and a choker from Swarovski’s Millenia collection.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The glittery ad was helmed by Christian Breslauer, a music video director, producer and cinematographer who has worked with other recording artists such as Doja Cat, Lizzo, SZA and Lil Nas X.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Giovanna Engelbert is creative director of the campaign shot by fashion photographers Mert Alas and Mac Piggot. Swarovski’s holiday collection includes new releases such as the Matrix bracelet ($300), cocktail ring ($129), cuff ($400), open necklace ($700) and tennis bracelet ($280). 

	Grande was named Swarovski brand ambassador earlier this year. “I am thrilled to be Swarovski’s Brand Ambassador. It’s an honor to represent a House that shares my passion for creativity, pushes the boundaries beyond the world of jewelry, and promotes values of unapologetic self-expression,” Grande said in a statement. “I cannot wait to embark on this journey and to inspire others to embrace their own unique sparkle.”

	“Ariana’s charisma and positive energy resonate with Swarovski’s essence of bringing joy to the world, and I am thrilled that she is joining us as Brand Ambassador,” noted Giovanna Engelbert, Swarovski’s Global Creative Director. “Ariana is a brilliant artist whose creativity shines through her songwriting and vocal performances as well as her personal style. I look forward to engaging in inspiring creative dialogues together.”

	The pop star wore a choker, necklace bracelet and earrings from Swarovski’s Millenia collection to the 2024 Wall Street Journal Innovator Awards at New York City’s Museum of Modern Art on Oct. 29.  

	Grande has been out and about promoting Wicked, and with less than a month before the musical movie hits theaters, her schedule is about to get even busier. Over the weekend, Grande jetted to Australia over the weekend to premiere Wicked down under. The heavily anticipated musical starring Grande and Cynthia Erivo hits theaters on Nov. 22.

	










	Watch Grande light up the dance floor in Swarovski’s “The Party of Dreams” ad below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.