The St. Louis rapper swaps fire red tresses for a dark pixie. Just call her, 'Betty Boop.'
Source: Prince Williams / Getty
Sexyy Red is synonymous with several characteristics. Since bursting on the rap scene, she’s been known for her bold style, remembered for her unapologetic lyrics, and celebrated for her sexual freedom and sex appeal.
All the while, she wears striking red hair that has become her signature hairstyle.
But the fire-red raptress may be ready for a hair change—and we’re here for it. Keep scrolling for more details on the “Pound Town” artist’s recent dramatic transformation.
The St. Louis artist took her new ‘do to Instagram on April 1, showing everyone how versatile she can be. Proving she can rock any style, she modeled a short black pixie cut in a mirror selfie. The cut featured a tapered back and scalloped curls, framing the new mother’s face.
While debuting the more modest look, Sexyy remained true to her aesthetic, showing off her curves, tiny waist, and cakes. The headline selfie was part of a carousel post, which included nine other mirror reflections capturing Sexyy Red’s new style and body. She wore a white tank top, red booty shorts, and a huge chain that reads “Big Sexyy” in the images.
“BETTY BOOP ,” the rapper captioned the photo dump. See Sexyy Red’s new look below.
Sexyy Red’s fans can’t get enough of her new look. Its short length and dark hue make it a daring and refreshing change for the dynamic hip-hop star. Her hair may not be ‘red hot,’ but her comment sections are.
“Let ’em know why they call you Sexyy,” writes one fan. “Sexyy hits different. I love her for some reason,” said another. And, “Sexy is not playing with the girls this year,” wrote another.
Sexyy Red’s new look comes just months after she welcomed a new baby. Sexyy Red called on friends SZA and Drake to help with her delivery, as captured in the video for their song “Rich Baby Daddy.”
RELATED
5 Trendsetting Sexyy Red Moments
Sexyy Red Shows Off Her Natural Hair + More Celebrities Who’ve Shared Their Natural Hair Journey


Sexyy Red’s Betty Boop-Inspired Pixie Cut Is A Lesson In Hair Versatility  
						was originally published on
						hellobeautiful.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cicada Surge: Maryland Set to Welcome Trillions of Cicadas in 2025								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.