Glastonbury fans have one last chance to buy a ticket for the 2024 festival this week - but only a very limited number of tickets will be available.
In the main sale in November, ticket holders had to pay a £75 deposit before then securing their ticket by paying the full balance during the first week of April. Any of those tickets that went unsold are now going back on sale, giving hopeful festival fans one last change to secure entry to the much-loved event.
Before general admission tickets go on sale later this week, festival-goers will first be given a chance to get a hold of a coach package for Glastonbury 2024, which takes place from June 26 to 30 at Worthy Farm in Somerset.
Read more: Glastonbury Festival 2024: National Express adds new coach locations including in Greater Manchester
Dua Lipa, Coldplay and Sza will headline this year's festival, while Shania Twain will play the legends slot on Sunday. Also taking to the Pyramid Stage will be LCD Soundsystem, Little Simz and Burna Boy, while the Other Stage will see performances from The National, Avril Lavigne, Camila Cabello and The Last Dinner Party.
A very limited number of coach tickets - which include a festival ticket as well as coach travel - will be made available from 6pm today (April 18). According to organisers, more than 300 coaches will be running at this year's event.
The tickets will not be available to everyone however, as you must have already pre-registered for tickets prior to the resale. Registrations closed yesterday and will not reopen until after the resale.
Here's what you need to know if you're looking to purchase tickets in the coach resale.
The resale takes place at 6pm on Thursday evening (April 18). The tickets are expected to be snapped up in a matter on minutes so you will need to be quick.
You can only purchase the tickets through SeeTickets here.
If you are purchasing a coach ticket you will need to pay for your festival ticket - which is £355 plus a £5 booking fee - and your coach travel at the same time.
The cost of your coach travel will depend on whether you are purchasing a one-way journey or a return, and where in the country you are travelling from.
The cheapest journey available is a single ticket from Bath or Bristol, priced at £24, while the most expensive option is a return ticket from Edinburgh, which will set you back £151, on top of your festival ticket. You can find a full list of prices on the Glastonbury website here.
For the coach resale, customers are limited to just two tickets per transaction. Glastonbury organisers say this is to reflect the limited number of seats available per coach.
If you are booking for another person you will need their registration number and postcode to be able to get them a ticket. You can only book coach packages from one destination per transaction.
It is not clear how many tickets will be available in the resale, but the number will be very limited, organiser Emily Eavis has hinted. After the ticket balance window closed earlier this month, she said the festival had seen the "highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever", suggesting there will be fewer tickets than usual up for grabs in this resale.
In short, yes.
Organisers have warned people to only book a travel ticket that is feasible for them, rather than just going for whatever is available.
This is because booking cannot be transferred and you will only be able to get your festival entrance ticket if you are travelling on the correct coach. Coach tickets will be sent out as an e-ticket, and then your festival entry ticket will be handed to you on the coach you are going on.
This is why it's important that you travel on your chosen coach only as it will interfere with your festival entry. It is also important to note that when you book your ticket and coach ticket that it can only be done from one travel destination in a single transaction.
Tickets are notoriously hard to get hold of as demand is far higher than the number of tickets available. Because of this, Glastonbury has issued a useful explanation around how the sale works, and some advice for the best way to handle the resale.
It states that only a limited number of people will be given access to the booking site at any one time. While you are waiting to access the booking site, you will be held at a page that will automatically refresh every 20 seconds until there is space on the booking page. You can increase your chances of getting on the booking page by refreshing the page manually - but hitting refresh too often could get you booted out.
Once you're on the booking site, you will be asked to enter the registration number and registered postcode for the lead booker and anyone else you want to buy tickets for. On the next page, you will be able to see the details you have provided and check they are correct.
You will then be asked to choose a departure town for your coach travel. Some locations will also allow you to select a departure time. Then, once you reach the payment page, you will have five minutes to submit your payment information.
Glastonbury warns that you may be unable to book a ticket if you make a mistake or take too long, so it's important to check your details carefully. It states: "Your registration numbers will be locked for up to 10 minutes if your details are entered incorrectly, an attempt to book is already held against your registration number, or your five minutes on the booking page ends. If the transaction fails and tickets are still available, your registration number will be released to give you the chance to try again."
It adds that if the page "hangs" and you can’t get any further, you should try "pressing back once" before continuing with the booking and if that doesn’t help, you can try closing your browser and starting again.
Tickets can be purchased here for as long as they are available...
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.