We keep you informed.
Every year around Thanksgiving, Spotify releases their Spotify Wrapped to users with their most listened to songs, artists and genres. While it has not yet been released this year, Adele Harris asked students what they thought theirs would look like for 2024.
Siobhan Reidy, sophomore business administration and exercise and sport science major
Top song: “us.” by Gracie Abrams featuring Taylor Swift
Top artist: Taylor Swift
Most influential song of 2024: “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter.  “I feel like everyone’s been so used to Taylor Swift being a number one female artist, icon and now Sabrina Carpenter has totally come out as, not challenging that, but now all the national attention is on her," she said.
Alan Archer, sophomore biology major
Top song: “Wish” by Blood Orange
Top artist: Kendrick Lamar
Most influential song of 2024: “Not Like Us” by Kendrick Lamar.  “I mean, the hype around it when it came out was so, so peak," he said. 
Catherine Green, first-year nursing major and health and society minor
Top song: “Drew Barrymore” by SZA
Top artist: SZA or Noah Kahan
Most influential song of 2024: “Sticky” by Tyler, The Creator featuring GloRilla, Sexyy Red and Lil Wayne. “I thought it incorporates lots of different genres together, and I think it exposed a lot of people to a sound they’ve never heard before," she said.
Marilyn Samuels, sophomore psychology major and neuroscience minor
Top song: “No Wind Resistance” by Kinneret
Top artist: Maggie Rogers or Gracie Abrams
Most influential song of 2024: No specific song for her, but she said “probably a Taylor Swift song because of The Eras Tour.”
Mila Spain, first-year biology major
Top song: “Champagne Coast” by Blood Orange
Top artist: Kid Cudi
Most influential song of 2024: “Bed Chem” by Sabrina Carpenter because “she’s a new artist, and I feel like everyone’s on their, I don’t know, on their bad B energy vibes this year and I feel like that kind of represents that," she said.

        To get the day's news and headlines in your inbox each morning, sign up for our email newsletters.
    
Haedyn Mills, sophomore media and journalism and communication studies major and history minor
Top song: “I’m Not Pretty” by Megan Moroney
Top artist: Sabrina Carpenter
Most influential song of 2024: “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter because she said “‘Espresso’ is ingrained in everybody’s brains right now.”
Emma Mize, sophomore exercise and sport science and biology major
Top song: “F2F” by SZA
Top artist: Caamp
Most influential song of 2024: “Messy” by Lola Young. “It’s kind of becoming a big song and it's not really like what else is out there," she said. 
Megan Mullaney, first-year environmental sciences major
Top song: “Vienna” by Billy Joel
Top artist: Noah Kahan
Most influential song of 2024: “Pink Pony Club” by Chappell Roan because “I think you really couldn’t get away from it at any point this year,” she said. 
Ben Kane, first-year business administration major
Top song: “The Time (Dirty Bit)” by Black Eyed Peas
Top artist: Whiskey Myers
Most influential song of 2024: “Not Like Us” by Kendrick Lamar because he said “Kendrick had that dog in him.”
@dthlifestyle | lifestyle@dailytarheel.com