Source: Prince Williams / Getty
Mario isn’t a stranger to showing new rising stars some love. The R&B singer behind hits like “Let Me Love You,” is from Baltimore, and you can hear that city’s vibe in his music. Growing up there, Mario mixed the city’s soul, street life, and real struggles into his sound. His music easily carried our childhoods and gave us the courage to walk up to our high school crush.
Mario helped put Baltimore on the map in R&B, showing the world that the city’s got talent that can compete with the best. Now the Milford Mill Academy alumni is showing love to a new artist coming out of the city. B-More native, Taylor Avontè has been making noise with her latest single ‘Gangsta Love’ making every baddie wanna slide for the love of her life. 
Check out Mario reacting to Taylor Avontè’s latest single ‘Gangsta Love’:
 


					Related Stories
				





Fat Joe Sues Former Hypeman After He Claims Joey Crack Had Sex With A Minor






Lil Durk Converts 13 Inmates While Facing Charges






Ari Lennox Officially Parts Ways With Dreamville Records






Baltimore R&B and soul artist Taylor Avonté found her passion for music at just three years old, inspired by the legendary Destiny’s Child. With a powerful and soulful voice, she embarked on her musical journey in high school, eager to make a difference. Drawing inspiration from icons like Etta James and Jennifer Hudson, Taylor aims to motivate others and uplift her community. She believes in showing that great achievements are possible regardless of one’s background. Keep an eye on Ms. Avonté; she has a lot in store as she rises in the music scene.


Mario Co-Sign’s New Baltimore R&B Singer Taylor Avontè [Video] 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Road To The Roots Sweepstakes								

									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Arlington, VA Named One of the Best Cities to Live in America								

									Washington Commanders 2025 NFL Draft Picks: Full List Of Team’s Round-By-Round Selection								

									27 Insane Pictures Of Iggy Azalea’s Booty (PHOTOS)								

									30 Photos Of Cardi B’s Ass								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.