Jamie Carragher has been spotted getting into the festival spirit already as he was seen partying at Glastonbury Festival.
The Liverpool football legend, 46, has been snapped at the iconic festival, which opened its doors on Wednesday. Music doesn't officially start until Friday at Worthy Farm as revelers can expect to catch performances from Dua Lipa, Coldplay, SZA and Shania Twain. However, there have been plenty of events taking place on the site already.
Football pundit Jamie took time out of the Euros to head to Glastonbury and appears to be having a blast already. He posted a series of snaps on his Instagram from the festival as he partied with a large group of friends and family. Jamie was joined by his son James and daughter Mia as well as wife Nicola.
He also shared photos of the festival as he joined other music lovers by the shop and food stalls. Captioning his post, Jamie said: "Wednesday at Glastonbury," followed by a tick emoji. Fans commented their hopes to bump into the football star over the weekend as one said: "See you in there tonight Jamie lad."
Another added: "Boss night - see ya later." Someone else pointed out Jamie was clearly joined by his family as they commented: "Defo a few carraghers in that piccy??" A fourth joked: "I can see 3 carra in 1 pic." A fan added: "So glad you all made it .lovely memorys. enjoy."
Jamie married his wife Nicola in 2005 and share two children together. He once revealed how he wooed his childhood sweetheart by splashing out on a swanky Dubai hotel room with a mirror above the bed. “I was trying to impress her,” he recalled of the exclusive Burj Al Arab.
“It was our first holiday together, she wasn’t the wife then,” he said, joking that his opulent trip clearly did the trick. The couple now head to Italy for “sexy time”, as Jamie previously confessed is a step up from his childhood holidays spent sneaking into chalets at Butlin’s in Pwllheli.
“Loads bunked it,” he laughed to Alan Carr on his Life’s a Beach podcast. “You drove in, there would be someone in the boot, everybody got in the chalet. That’s my childhood memories.” Just before heading to Glastonbury, Jamie suffered a bizarre social media hack that had his followers baffled.
On Tuesday evening during the Three Lions' Euro 2024 group finale against Slovenia, his X account appeared to have been hacked. His followers dwindled from 2million to just 15, while his profile picture was changed to an image of his Sky Sports colleague Gary Neville during his time at Manchester United. The bio also had an unfamiliar look reading: "Pay me $30 for the user back…"
The hacker did not stop there as they shared a series of baffling tweets. The first read: “I love these memecoins in @Solana. What is your favourite Memecoin? @LFC.” After a series of posts that had jumbled up letters and numbers, Jamie took to Instagram to offer some clarification. He said: "Twitter been hacked so there might be more nonsense on there than usual."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.