Several pop stars, including Lady Gaga, Selena Gomez and Ariana Grande, are in the running to score Academy Award nominations in the acting categories this year, a departure from the typical path to an Oscar for singers, who usually vie for recognition in the song category.
Selena Gomez is garnering Oscar buzz for her role in "Emilia Perez." (Photo by Gilbert ... More Flores/Variety via Getty Images)
Lady Gaga, a previous Best Actress Oscar nominee for “A Star Is Born” and winner for the song “Shallow,” stars in “Joker: Folie à Deux,” which opens in theaters Friday and will hope to score Oscar nominations after the original film earned a leading 11 nods in 2020.
Selena Gomez could be in Oscar contention for the first time with her movie “Emilia Perez,” for which she shared the Best Actress prize at the Cannes Film Festival earlier this year with co-stars Zoe Saldaña, Karla Sofía Gascón and Adriana Paz.
Ariana Grande stars as Glinda the Good Witch in the upcoming film adaptation of the Broadway musical “Wicked,” the same role that earned actress Kristin Chenoweth a Best Actress nomination at the Tony Awards.
Jennifer Lopez, who has never earned an Oscar nomination despite her decades in leading film roles, received positive reviews for her performance in the sports drama “Unstoppable” following its Toronto International Film Festival premiere, where it earned a standing ovation.
Variety predicted Gomez will earn a nomination for Best Supporting Actress, ranking her fifth in their list of contenders. Lady Gaga and Grande rank ninth and eleventh in Variety’s supporting actress predictions, respectively. IndieWire listed all of Grande, Gomez and Lady Gaga as “contenders” for supporting actress in their unranked list, while ranking Lopez as a “long shot.” On the Gold Derby awards website, in which thousands of users make Oscars predictions, Gomez and Lady Gaga rank seventh and eighth in their supporting actress standings. The Hollywood Reporter ranked Gomez sixth in its list of supporting actress contenders.
Many of the films hoping to be in Oscar contention already premiered at various film festivals between the summer and early fall, including the Venice, Toronto and Cannes festivals. Awards season will heat up throughout the remainder of the year as films in contention open in theaters or release on streaming platforms: “Emilia Perez” begins streaming on Netflix on Nov. 13, while “Wicked” opens in theaters Nov. 22 and “Unstoppable” opens in theaters Dec. 6. The first major nominations of awards season, the Golden Globe Award nominations, will be unveiled on Dec. 9, followed by the Golden Globes ceremony on Jan. 5. The Academy will unveil Oscar nominations on Jan. 17, and the Oscars will take place March 2.
Plenty of pop stars have ventured into acting, though few have managed to find awards success. Barbra Streisand in 1969 was among the first singers to win an Oscar for acting, when she won the Best Actress trophy for her role in “Funny Girl” in an unprecedented tie with Katharine Hepburn. Cher won Best Actress in 1988 for her role in “Moonstruck,” and Jennifer Hudson won Best Supporting Actress in 2007 for “Dreamgirls.” Other attempts have been less successful, including Harry Styles, who starred in the 2022 film “Don’t Worry Darling” to mixed reviews for his performance, and Mariah Carey, whose 2001 musical film “Glitter” was panned by critics.
Singers typically land Oscars in the Best Original Song category, as opposed to acting categories. That’s how Adele, Billie Eilish and Lady Gaga all won their Oscars, with “Skyfall,” “What Was I Made For?” and “Shallow” all winning the song award. Other singers, including SZA, Rihanna, Kendrick Lamar, Jon Batiste and Pharrell have all scored nominations in recent years in the song category.
How much “Joker: Folie à Deux” will gross this weekend. Deadline projected it will gross over $70 million, which would fall below the opening weekend of the first “Joker” film, which opened to $96.2 million in 2019.
2024-25 Awards Season Calendar: Dates For Oscars, Grammys, Tonys, Guilds & More (Deadline)
‘Joker: Folie à Deux’ Lands On Three-Week Tracking With U.S. $70M+ Opening – Box Office (Deadline)
19 Singers Who Became Oscar-Nominated Actors: From Frank Sinatra to Jennifer Hudson (The Wrap)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.