By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.			
Subscribe now and get up to 61% off the cover price.
Includes digital magazine access and the exclusive Robb Report tote bag.
Sign up for our newsletter and go inside a world of luxury.
 By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
		We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	Bruno Mars is bringing some of his 24K magic to Las Vegas—and not just in terms of music.



	The pop star has just opened the Pinky Ring, a cocktail bar and entertainment lounge, inside the Bellagio Hotel & Casino. The venue is serving up sophisticated cocktails alongside live performances, all curated by Mars himself.




Related Stories




						Frey Ranch’s Latest Whiskey Tastes Like a Deconstructed S’more					




						Here’s Where You Can Get Jameson’s Oldest Age-Statement Whiskey Yet					




						How to Make the Chi Chi Rodriguez, a Spicy and Refreshing Tequila Cocktail					





A post shared by The Pinky Ring by Bruno Mars (@thepinkyring)

	“I’ve been performing in Vegas for years, and I’ve always wanted a place where I could throw glamorous parties when I’m in town. A place that felt like my personal penthouse suite, with live music and sensational cocktails,” Mars said in a statement. “The Pinky Ring is that.”

	










	To celebrate the recent opening, Mars held a raucous party attended by the likes of Lady Gaga, Janelle Monáe, T-Pain, Gayle King, and more celebs. Mars even took the stage with his band the Hooligans, who are serving as the venue’s resident house band for the first two weeks. Moving forward, you can expect more groups to perform, as well as DJs spinning vinyl.

	While food won’t be served at the Pinky Ring, the cocktail list is extensive. Signature cocktails like the Hooligan (tequila, Cointreau, agave nectar, lime, and jalapeño with a Tajín rim) and the Mars Mocha (chocolate rum, Cognac, espresso, banana, and toasted sesame froth) embody the slick, suave vibe that Mars has become known for. That’s found in the design too, which combines contemporary flourishes with old-school glamour.



WATCH







	“There’s nobody in the world as fabulous as Bruno Mars. It’s been a fun experience to let him take the reins to reimagine this space. From the carpet to the ceiling, this is all him,” Ari Kastrati, the chief hospitality officer for MGM Resorts International, said in a statement. “Collaborating with one of the entertainment industry’s biggest stars to reimagine what a night out in Las Vegas should be represents an incredible moment in this resort’s story.”

	Given the atmosphere, you may be tempted to document your night out at the Pinky Ring on social media. Unfortunately, you can’t use your phone in the club. Like they say: What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. But Mars has created an experience that you won’t soon forget.

Culinary Masters 2024Don’t miss the food event of the year. Register for Robb Report’s Culinary Masters now. Or, for more information on Robb Report experiences, visit RR1.
Tori Latham is a digital staff writer at Robb Report. She was previously a copy editor at The Atlantic, and has written for publications including The Cut and The Hollywood Reporter. When not…
Meet the Wine Club That Thinks Differently.
Receive editor-curated reds from boutique California producers four times a year.