By MILLY VEITCH FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:17, 5 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:40, 5 November 2024   
 91
View  comments
Sam Quek has revealed Amy Dowden shared a final touching message of positivity, before she was forced to drop out of the competition.
The professional dancer, 34, who is understood to be in remission from breast cancer and has Crohn's disease, was revealed to not be returning on Monday due to a 'foot injury' after collapsing backstage last week.
In a lengthy statement she said her 'heart was broken' and revealed the show had helped 'feel like herself again' following chemotherapy treatment as she paid tribute to 'perfect partner' JB Gill.
And now Sam, 36, has shared that Amy had some inspiring words to the audience, before one of her last performances with JB, 37.
The Olympian became the latest celebrity to be eliminated from Strictly with her partner Nikita Kuzmin, following a shock dance off against Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe on Saturday night.
Sam Quek has revealed Amy Dowden shared a final touching message of positivity, before she was forced to drop out of the competition (Sam pictured)
The professional dancer, 34, who is understood to be in remission from breast cancer and has Crohn's disease, was revealed to not be returning on Monday due to a 'foot injury' after collapsing backstage last week (pictured before collapse with JB) 
In a lengthy statement she said her 'heart was broken' and revealed the show had helped 'feel like herself again' following chemotherapy treatment as she paid tribute to 'perfect partner' JB Gill
After the judges all voted to save Montell, Sam was sent packing and took to her Instagram to share a tribute to Nikita and the Strictly team, calling the experience an 'amazing dream'.
She penned: 'Firstly, I want to thank my teammate, Nikita. As the weeks ticked on, I got to know you on a deeper lever and the way I can sum you up to people who perhaps don't know you is to say that you have a really good heart. For me, that's your best quality without a doubt. 
She added: 'Your beautiful choreograph often deserved a lot more than I was able to deliver in the moment, but never once did you blame me, make me feel responsible or do anything but pick me up and say we go again and that you were proud of my performance. You were the ultimate teammate.'
But Sam also admitted that she had found the show 'tougher than I imagined', with her feet being 'red raw' and having to be away from her two children, while confessing ending up with low scores 'saps your motivation and kills your belief'.
She said: 'Physically, by day, I danced my feet red raw and repeated the weeks routine until my legs couldn't hold me up. By night, ice bathed, massaged and prepared to for the next day by watching my routine over and over.
'Mentally, the process was even more demanding. I missed my 2 year old and 3 year old - all the time! I would often do 10 day stints in a hotel and hearing them ask me to "come home now", was tough. 
'But what was more draining was working as hard as I could, sacrificing everything I needed to and still ending up towards the bottom of the leaderboard. It saps your motivation and kills your belief, but my family and Nikita were always there to help me push on.'
However, the athlete said it was Amy who had given her the inspiration to keep going, as she revealed the dancer's poignant words when she and JB ended up in dance off two weeks ago.
 And now Sam, 36, has shared that Amy had some inspiring words to the audience, before one of her last performances with JB, 37 (pictured after ending up in bottom two on October 20)
The Olympian became the latest celebrity to be eliminated from Strictly with her partner Nikita Kuzmin (pictured), following a shock dance off against Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe on Saturday night
After the judges all voted to save Montell, Sam was sent packing and took to her Instagram to share a tribute to Nikita and the Strictly team, calling the experience an 'amazing dream'
Sam recalled: 'In closing, I want to share with you a little off camera moment that helped put everything into perspective for me, which happened a couple of weeks ago....
'When JB and Amy found themselves in the bottom two, the entire audience were in a state of shock. As the two of them took to the floor to do their dance-off, they weren't greeted with the usual warm applause and support from the crowd, such was the tension, surprise and awkwardness in the studio.
'Amy turned around to the audience and said, "Come on folks... it's just a dance-off... it's not a year of chemotherapy!"
'A sobering reminder that there are bigger and more important things going on around the world then Strictly Come Dancing... amongst the glitz, glamour, twirls and lifts you can sometimes forget that.'
Amy herself took the comments of Sam's emotional post, gushing: 'Beautiful human and a beautiful dancer! Loved this partnership so much'. 
The Welsh star took to her own Instagram on Monday, to voice her sadness that she had to pull out of the competition and that her return following her cancer treatment had been 'cut short'.
Amy wrote: 'My heart is breaking right now. The past few months I finally felt like me again. Cancer was no longer the first thing I thought of when I woke up.
'It was choreography, music choices, which dances in which order, what we needed to work on. I felt free again. My goal since hearing those words you have cancer was to get back on the Strictly dance floor. It's been such a challenge to get back, one I devoted 2024 to.'
But Sam also admitted that she had found the show 'tougher than I imagined', with her feet being 'red raw' and having to be away from her two children, while confessing ending up with low scores 'saps your motivation and kills your belief'
However, the athlete said it was Amy who had given her the inspiration to keep going, as she revealed the dancer's poignant words when she and JB ended up in dance off two weeks ago (pictured dance off)
She said: 'When JB and Amy found themselves in the bottom two, the entire audience were in a state of shock. Amy turned around to the audience and said, "Come on folks... it's just a dance-off... it's not a year of chemotherapy!" (pictured)
Amy herself took the comments of Sam's emotional post, gushing: 'Beautiful human and a beautiful dancer! Loved this partnership so much'
'With my incredible team we got there. Something I wanted to do for myself and my loved ones. There was no feeling like it dancing again in the ballroom with my Strictly family'.
'Then I was partnered with the talented, kind, gentle, soul JB. Everyday out training room was chilled, hardworking and full of big smiles enjoying what we was [sic] creating together with a blossoming friendship'. 
She continued: 'JB, thank you for being the perfect partner back. We topped the leader board week one and continued to work so hard and thank you for being so passionate about understanding the ballroom and latin fundamentals'.
'For me that rumba will always be one of my favs. I'm so sad, so upset and asking why me, why now that our journey has been cut short'. 
'My heart right now is breaking having to pull out of the competition due to a foot injury and I know all too well 'this too shall pass' and I'll be soon better and back dancing. Something I've had to get used to in my life. I'm sure at some point we'll dance again JB. To all the fans, to my loved ones, my Strictly family thank you'.
Before adding that she knew JB's new partner Lauren Oakley would continue to 'ace the dance floor' and promised to be the pair's 'biggest cheerleader'. 
JB took to the comments writing: 'Heartbreaking news @amy_dowden but our moments will be forever in strictly history, never forget that. Thank you for being the best teacher. Nothing but love from all of the Gill family'.
While Lauren wrote: 'This too shall pass. We’re still a team. Love you. You did the ground work, I’ll carry your partnership forward and hopefully make you proud XXX'.
The Welsh star took to her own Instagram on Monday, to voice her sadness that she had to pull out of the competition and that her return following her cancer treatment had been 'cut short' 
She also thanked fellow dancer Lauren for stepping into her shoes as JB's new replacement (JB and Lauren pictured on Saturday's show)
Both Lauren and JB shared their love for Amy in the comments and promised to make her proud
JB shared Amy's statement to his Instagram Stories along with a bible verse declaring she would 'rise like a Phoenix'  
It was confirmed on Monday's episode of It Takes Two that Amy will not return for the rest of the series, as she recovers from a 'foot injury'.
A Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson said: 'Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year. 
'Whilst Amy focuses on her recovery following a foot injury, fellow Professional Dancer, Lauren Oakley, will step in as JB's dance partner. 
'The health and wellbeing of everyone involved in Strictly are always the utmost priority. The whole Strictly family sends Amy love and well wishes.'
Amy was just 32 when, in May last year, she was given the earth-shattering news she had stage 3 breast cancer. 
At the time she was filming the BBC series Dare To Dance and said she realised 'something wasn't right'. She found a lump on her breast the day before she was going on a second honeymoon with her husband Benjamin.
Later that year, she was diagnosed again with another unspecified type of cancer and underwent a course of chemotherapy.
Amy returned to hospital in August 2024 for more tests where, finally, she was given the all-clear.
It was confirmed on Monday's episode of It Takes Two that Amy will not return for the rest of the series, as she recovers from a 'foot injury' 
A Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson said: 'Sadly, Amy Dowden MBE will not be partaking in the rest of the competition this year'
During the live Halloween special last month, she was admitted to hospital following a reported collapse at Elstree Studios - the BBC show's Hertfordshire base - after suffering a 'medical emergency' backstage (pictured)
After a year of scandal, BBC bosses were delighted that Amy was able to return to the show following her cancer battle as she was paired with JB. 
But during the live Halloween special last month, she was admitted to hospital following a reported collapse at Elstree Studios - the BBC show's Hertfordshire base - after suffering a 'medical emergency' backstage.  
Moments before her hospital dash, Amy had performed the Foxtrot to Toploader hit Dancing In The Moonlight with her celebrity partner JB - but fans noted the dancer was partially seated during her latest performance.
On Sunday night's Strictly, viewers watched JB and his temporary partner Lauren avoid the dance off and make it through to another week.
The singer and Lauren soared to joint top of the leaderboard with their couples' choice performance to a Bruno Mars Medley, scoring a near-perfect 39 out of 40.
And as the pair were revealed to be safe for another week, JB paid a sweet tribute to Amy, as he looked to the camera and mouthed 'For you, Amy' as he dedicated the performance to the Welsh dancer.
Amy broke down in tears as she watched JB and her replacement Lauren get a near perfect score for their routine.
She said: 'I am so grateful to you Lauren. Thank you Lauren, thank you J, you too are just amazing. I just wish I was there with you.'
JB danced with Lauren on Saturday after Amy was forced to skip the show following her hospital visit a week earlier 
Amy broke down in tears as she watched JB and her replacement Lauren get a near perfect score for their routine
Hours before JB and choreographer Lauren took to the dancefloor, Amy wrote a heartfelt message of support for the pair on social media.
In a post on Instagram on Saturday, Amy shared a picture of Lauren and JB and wrote in the caption: 'Wishing these two the absolute best of luck tonight! I'm going to be your biggest cheerleader!' 
Addressing her dance partner directly, Amy continued: 'JB it says everything how you've been able to adapt to a new professional, produce such a great number (so excited for everyone to see) whilst supporting me! I'm so lucky! You're a STAR! I know what tonight means to you! Thank you!'
She y also had kind words for Lauren after she stepped up to temporarily fill in for her on the show, gushing: 'Thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you!
'You know I've always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool tower at 8 years old to tell you! Thank you darling!'
Rounding off her sweet message, Amy also gave a shout out to the Strictly choreographers for 'such a brilliant routine', while sharing her gratitude over the support she's had from fans.
'Also a big thank you for all the love and support I've received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped! Now tune into the first ever ICONS week on strictly!' she concluded. 
JB then responded with his own heartfelt words, writing: 'You are the best. Your belief in me is so uplifting and your fighting spirit is second to none! 
JB and professional partner Lauren performed their couples choice to a medley to Bruno Mars
Amy seemed to be in high spirits as she chatted to host Janette Manrara , looking glamorous in a glitzy blue two-piece suit
'Thank you for being my biggest champion and I know that @laurenmayoakley and I will do you PROUD.'
As Amy appeared on last week's It Takes Two, Janette Manrara asked: 'I want to start off with you Amy, how are you doing?'
The professional dancer replied: 'Yeah, I'm feeling so much better and I'd just like to thank everyone for all the love and support I've received and to my Strictly family.' 
Commenting on how this week has been later in the show, she said: 'I'm just so proud and so grateful to Lauren - they've worked so hard and JB has just been so supportive of me.He's just knuckled down and the pair of them have messaged me all week.'
During the interview, Lauren explained the three of them have a Whatsapp group and she and JB have been sending Amy regular videos to keep her in the loop.
Amy chimed in with: 'I called it Team and a star next to it, we've been sending videos and messages every day.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group