ROSÉ's upcoming album, 'rosie,' is set to arrive in December.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	It’s a superstar pop crossover! ROSÉ has officially launched her new solo era by teaming up with Bruno Mars on a new single called “Apt.,” which arrived on Friday (Oct. 18).






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					BLACKPINK		
					






















	
		
					Bruno Mars		
					






















	
		
					Rose		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The song arrives just a day after the duo announced it, taking to Instagram to share the collaboration’s cover art. In the artwork, the BLACKPINK superstar lounges in front of a drum set, with the “Locked Out of Heaven” singer sitting behind it, holding the drumsticks. The pair, who are in black-and-white against a bright pink foreground, are matching in leather jackets and white t-shirts.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	They’ve also been spending a ton of quality time together. Just hours before “Apt.” dropped, ROSÉ took to her Instagram Stories to share a video of the duo attending a soccer game. Meanwhile, Mars told a hilariously wild version of a story on his Instagram page that involved ROSÉ getting him “saucy” while teaching him how to play a Korean drinking game. “Soon after, she tried to kiss me, and I was like ‘woah Rosie! what part of the game is this?’ She was like, ‘I ain’t playin games wit you anymore lil boy! Big Rosie bout that BIDNESS!’ Shaken, I replied ‘stop Rosie, I’m scared!’ But other than that, super chill night,” he playfully wrote in the caption, to which ROSÉ replied in the comments, “what’s wrong with uuuu.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Apt.” will mark the K-pop star’s first release since announcing her December-slated 12-track album rosie earlier this month, and Mars’ first release since teaming up with Lady Gaga on the hit summer duet, “Die With a Smile,” which reached No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100 and topped the Billboard Global 200 chart for seven weeks. When sharing the news of her first-ever solo LP earlier this month, ROSÉ wrote: “I have poured my blood and tears into this album. I cannot wait for you to listen to this little journal of mine … With this album, I hope you all feel that much closer to me. And yes, it’s a full length album.”

	Listen to Bruno Mars and ROSÉ’s “Apt.” in full below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.