Subscribe
Subscribe
Arts and Entertainment
The word “Asian” is important to define, as it is often misinterpreted as meaning only those from East Asia. That being said, within this column, “Asian” refers to anyone possessing some amount of Asian heritage, regardless of nationality. With a majority Asian Stuyvesant student body, Stuyvesant students can experience Asian pop culture regardless of their cultural background. Events like StuySquad and the Stuyvesant Outlet Showcase serve as examples of this phenomenon; students can be seen dancing to a diverse range of Asian music, including K-pop, C-pop, and Bollywood. Outside of Stuyvesant, Asian artists like Keshi, Beabadoobee, and Laufey have exploded in popularity in recent years. Thus, we have decided to curate some of our favorite Asian tunes through this column, Play-Asia.
The increase in global interest in K-pop and other Korean exports—dubbed the Hallyu-Wave—has influenced popular culture, as seen with the rise of mega K-pop groups like BLACKPINK and BTS, and even K-pop collaborations with Western artists such as Lady Gaga and Sia. Although this genre is not new to the Stuyvesant community, this edition of Play-Asia aims to introduce and further promote K-pop through some of our current personal favorites.
[Pierrot – Le Sserafim]
Anyone who has listened to K-pop recently has heard the name Le Sserafim before. Having derived their name from the phrase “I’m Fearless,” Le Sserafim debuted in 2022 and has since remained mainstream with their popular hits “Sour Grapes,” “ANTIFRAGILE,” and “FEARLESS.” Composed of members Sakura, Yunjin, Chaewon, Eunchae, and Kazuha, their discography proves their versatility, exploring a variety of genres such as rock in “No Celestial”, R&B in “Impurities”, hip-hop in “CRAZY”, and pop in “Perfect Night”. Their most recent EP, CRAZY (2024), features the incredibly fresh and dynamic song “Pierrot.” The track title refers to a pantomime—someone who can do anything imagination allows—and exudes a quirky and energetic feeling by utilizing unique instrumental components. These components include opera singing and synths reminiscent of the Ghostbusters franchise, which come together to add to the spooky nature of the song. “Pierrot” also stands out with its vocals, as Le Sserafim adds a whiny tone to the ends of their verses, demonstrating a sense of attitude and adding to the catchiness of the song. 
“Pierrot” should not solely be appreciated for its sound, however, as it simultaneously communicates a universal message. Le Sserafim calls for their “girls” (and guys) to “let the reins go loose,” indicating that this song is a call to action for listeners to follow their hearts. Using powerful female celebrities like IU and Uhm Jung Hwa as examples, Le Sserafim reminds audiences that they can both strive to reach new heights and defy social expectations at the same time. This message is extremely pertinent in modern pop culture, as social media causes our daily lives to become more publicized, and grind culture remains strong. Overall, as an upbeat track calling for empowerment, “Pierrot” is the perfect song for vibing with friends or a general pick-me-up.
[APT. – Rosé, Bruno Mars]
Roseanne Park, known as Rosé, was a member of the girl group BLACKPINK and has since made her solo debut with her single extended play R (2021). With the anticipated release of her newest full-length album, rosie (2024), the single “APT.” featuring Bruno Mars has already blown up music charts and social media platforms. The addictively repetitive chorus chants apateu, the Korean pronunciation of the word “apartment,” combined with the refreshingly playful and carefree nature of the two pop stars’ dynamics as seen in the music video. The song’s genius stems from its integration of Korean culture into a Western flare that appeals to global audiences. The success of “APT.” highlights K-pop’s potential as a genre to connect with listeners beyond its country of origin.
“APT.” is primarily a pop rock song, utilizing heavy drums and groovy synths that complement the lyrics’ rhythmic chanting, crafting an incredibly catchy soundscape. The song begins with a short spoken dialogue between Rosé and her friends, mimicking a common party tradition in Korea in which Chaeyoung, or Rosé, gets to choose the next game before transitioning into the drinking game she chooses, called “apartment.” Drinking games in South Korea are widespread, diverse, and popular among the adult demographic, which is understandable for a country where extreme academic pressure and workplace stress are so prevalent. The lyrics of “APT.” follows Rosé’s pursuit of a potential love interest, whom she has only talked to on the phone. In the end, she invites him to an apartment to play a drinking game together. She sings, “Kissy face, kissy face / Sent to your phone, but / I'm tryna kiss your lips for real.” Bruno comes in at the second verse, bringing in his own contagious energy. He describes the typical American club scene while incorporating the Korean word for cheers, gunbae, into his verse. That verse serves as another example of the song’s blend of Eastern and Western culture. Although this storyline may not be relatable to everyone, it’s a reflection of popular culture and reiterates the same kind of cathartic experience that partying with friends might bring. The song’s good vibes and head-bop-ability transcends the niche concept of the song, as evidenced by its viral success on social media. Ultimately, “APT.” is a fun, memorable anthem that fully deserves its praise as a celebration of Asian culture and its newfound visibility on a greater scale.
The Spectator
Campaign Coverage
10/31 Terror Attack
Black Lives Matter
Israel-Hamas War
VOICES
9/11
Staff Editorials
Writing Competition
Disrespectator
Spooktator
Professional Sports
Sports At Stuy
Fashion
Art
Culture
Film
Food
Literature
Music
Television
Theater
Thinkpiece
SING!
STC
College Issue
Our Charter
Advertise
Sponsors
Staff
Developers
Contact
© 2025 Stuyvesant Spectator Web Department. All rights reserved.
Found a bug? Report it here.