As Strictly Icons Week makes its dazzling debut, our celebs and pro dancers celebrate their heroes - both at home and in the showbiz world
Welcome to the brand-new Icons Week on Strictly Come Dancing! It’s time to idol-ise the moves, celebrate the greats, and see who’ll reach iconic status themselves.
On Saturday night, the couples will icon-quer the dance floor to these legendary tracks:
And in Sunday night’s results show, our Professional Dancers will perform a dazzling Beyoncé medley, with Johannes Radebe channelling his inner Sasha Fierce as the protagonist in the routine. Expect bejewelled cowboy hats, power ballad moves and sparkling sass. 
K-Pop’s newest boyband dearALICE will also appear on Sunday's show for a performance you’ll never forget.
So, let’s turn up the volume, strike a pose, and dance the night away with the stars who’ve truly become icons in music history! 
Strictly Come Dancing is live on BBC One and BBC iPlayer on Saturday 2 November from 6.30pm. Watchlist it now.
GC2
Who are the icons in your day to day life?
Pete: My mum. And Denzel Washington because he’s supposed to be one of the nicest guys in Hollywood. No one has a bad word to say about him which I think is nice.
Jowita: For me it was always Marilyn Monroe.
What does iconic mean to you?
Pete: Memorable.
Jowita: Exactly. When you achieve things because of your hard work and dreams, I think that’s iconic, one of a kind and unique.
Talk us through the icon you are channelling on Icons Week?
Pete: So he's dead. Had a lovely moustache, he's possibly the most iconic music legend, I would say, of all time. Who doesn't know Freddie Mercury? And when you think Freddie Mercury as well, you think of Live Aid, and which is probably the most iconic performance anyone in the world is known for. I don't think you can get any more iconic than that, but also Queen were just amazing.
Even though you'll be channelling Freddie Mercury, what other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Pete: I'm going to say Tina Turner. She was my Gran’s favourite and she loved her. Also Rolling Stones, you don’t even have to say their name, you just know them from their logo. If you want a modern day one music wise, I'd say Chris Stapleton.
Jowita: Celine Dion for me. And Lara Fabien. And Adele, she’s iconic.
Pete: Yeah, we love Celine Dion because it puts us in a good mood.
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce character, like Beyonce has, what would yours be called and why?
Pete: If I had to create an alter ego, it would be 'Happy Pete.' He'd be the opposite of me – always positive, just full of joy!
Jowita: I'd also channel my second name, 'Maria,' and tap into a more Latin-inspired vibe. 'Maria' would be spicy, fiery, and Latina.
Who are the icons in your real life?
Aljaz: Janette and Lyra, and my Mum, Dad and sister.
Tasha: My Nan is especially iconic for still enjoying life, going to concerts, and festivals. She loves to party. I want to be like my Nan.
What does iconic mean to you?
Tasha: Someone who slays. Someone who has done a lot of great things in their life. Very influential, very positive vibes.
Aljaz: Icons are the same as legends. Icons are timeless and their impact stands the test of time.
Talk us through the icon you are channelling on Icons Week?
Tasha: It’s actually a very meaningful one. It’s Pink, and the song "What About Us?" When I was on Love Island, there was a lot of ableism and it’s the one song I listened to when I came out of the show to power me through. It has a very special place in my heart.
What other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Tasha: Chris Martin from Coldplay.
Aljaz: The Rolling Stones, for their music and lasting impact.
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce character, what would yours be called and why?
Tasha: Electra, who is sassy, strong and fierce and embodies confidence and energy.
Aljaz: Whenever I do my hair for ballroom, I feel like a different person. Mine could be "Sleeky," who is focused and ready to deliver.
Who are the icons in your real life?
Amy: My oncologists and doctors who helped me through my Crohn's and cancer battles. My parents, who instilled a strong work ethic in me, and my twin sister, who’s my best friend. Also, my husband, who gave up his own competitive dancing career so I could shine.
JB: My wife and children – they’re amazing. Also, my parents, especially my Mum.
What does iconic mean to you?
Amy: Someone memorable, who stands out – not just for their talent but for their soul and personality. Someone who makes a difference.
JB: Someone who sets a great example for others and always wants the best for themselves and those around them.
What other music legends have inspired you in your life?
JB: Justin Timberlake!
Amy: Baby Spice, I was always her when I was growing up!
Talk us through the icon you are channelling for Icons Week?
JB: It’s a Bruno Mars medley for Couple’s Choice and I’m so lucky that with Couple’s Choice, we can make it our own and as iconic as we want. Bruno Mars has carved out his own niche in the music industry – he’s brought funk into pop music, and I admire how hard he works. It’s going to be a lot of fun!
If you had to create your own 'Sasha Fierce' type character, what would yours be called?
Amy: Maybe something like ‘The Dowdenator.”
JB: I’d create a daredevil persona. Not a rebel, but someone who pushes limits.
Who are your icons in real life?
Jamie: I had a great maths teacher in school, he was more like a mate.
Michelle: My Mum. She’s always been there for me, supporting me every step of the way.
What does "iconic" mean to you?
Michelle: Memorable.
Jamie: Yeah that’s it, someone that has something worth remembering. No one will ever remember anything apart from the impact they had on you and how they made you feel.
Who are you channelling during Icons Week?
Michelle: George Michael! I’m a huge fan, and since we’re both half Cypriot, I feel like we’re practically related!
Jamie: George Michael is an absolute legend.
If you had an alter ego like Beyoncé, what would they be called and what’s their vibe?
Michelle: I don’t really have an alter ego. I’m just me, but the version of me changes depending on the role or dance.
Jamie: As an actor, I’m always playing different characters. So I guess my alter ego would just be the role I’m playing at the time. The Borth is my alter ego.
Who are the icons in your real life?
Dianne: My brother. He was the one who got me into dancing. He's a full-time dance teacher so I watched him growing up, which made me want to become a dancer. He doesn't let me forget that he was the reason I'm dancing now. Also Jason Gilkison (Creative Director on Strictly Come Dancing) and his former dance partner Peta Roby. They’re from the same town as me in Australia so I grew up watching them. I used to buy VHS so that I could record their dances and I would learn their dances off of VHS. I would stand in front of the TV, rewind, play, learn that step, rewind, play, learn the next step. I knew basically all of their routines because I watched them and copied them.
Chris: Comedically, Eddie Izzard was always an icon for me. I took a lot from Eddie, including teaching me that if there's one thing that people see about you that they assume is the thing that defines you, make it a small part of what you do, and leave people wanting to know more. I guess the first time I saw Eddie gig, I made an assumption about what the gig was going to be about, but it wasn’t that, it was a whole new genre of comedy. I left wanting to know more. I took that with being blind. Talk about it for a few minutes and then move on!
What does iconic mean to you?
Dianne: Something that is created that won't get out of your mind. It's something that makes an impact on somebody. It could be a moment, it could be a dance, it could be a song, it could be a person. But that iconic moment is very particular and it stays in people's heads. It makes people feel something.
Chris: something that stands out amongst everything else that's around it. It becomes the moment, the thing that represents the bigger picture. An icon is somebody that's stood out for a long period of time and has been at the forefront of something and managed to maintain that, like Alice Cooper. He’s been at the forefront of rock music since the 60s. He's an icon.
Talk us through the icon you are channelling on icons week.
Chris: We’re going to be doing Kiss, Gene Simmons who is an icon of rock music. They've been going since the 70s, so they’ve had 50 years at the top of their game. They were what you expect from a pop band being now, in that they had a cartoon, they were on lunch boxes. They captured people across generations from children through to teenagers because they had the image, the makeup, the costumes. They had an image that people loved and then the music was brilliant. It's all very well being that but 50 years later and they're still a big thing. That's iconic, isn’t it.
What other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Chris: Kurt Cobain. I think I could talk for hours about MTV Unplugged by Nirvana and every decision that was made in making that. It's an example of how to put yourself hugely out of your comfort zone and out of the thing that you’re known well for and into something new, challenging and risky. They went against what MTV wanted them to play and did the songs that you only knew if you’re a mega fan. Every decision they made proved to be right. It just shows that the creative people, the people in charge of their own creativity know best about their own vision.
Beyonce has a Sasha Fierce at her alter ego. If you had to create your own alter ego, what would it be called? And what kind of vibe would they have?
Dianne: I'd be Dreamy Di. I feel like I would be a bit hippie if I was musician. I'm not really into pop. I kind of like rock but I don't like too heavy, more acoustic. I would wear flares, I'd have flowers in my hair. I would be very hippy.
Chris: I'd be in a metal band. I think a lot of comedians just want to be rock stars with no talent. We can't play an instrument. We get our fix from being on stage. I love stand up but I probably would swap it to be the front man in a metal band. I'd have the tattoo sleeve and long hair. Chris isn't really a metal name, is it? The band name could be Rotting Corpses and I’d be Chris corpse.
Who are the icons in your real life?
Sam: Mine was my Nan, but she died in January.
Nikita: My Granddad and my Mum.
What does iconic mean to you?
Sam: Legendary, impactful, game changer, brave.
Nikita: Something that you remember. Something that breaks boundaries and isn’t afraid to create a moment. It's that braveness to create something completely new, or doing something completely new, something nobody has ever done.
Talk us through the icon you're channelling on icons week.
Nikita: We're doing love story by Taylor Swift. She's sick. She's just an amazing, powerful woman.
Sam: Taylor Swift. She’s been through so much and been publicly humiliated. She started from the bottom, in terms of a little stage in a park with 20 people watching and she had set backs but she kept going. We’re similar ages so I can relate to Taylor Swift, even though she's in another stratosphere of fame and success. I've been through that in terms of setbacks and knockbacks and people saying you can't do that, you're not good enough, and then actually just being like, I can do it.
What other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Sam: I grew up with The Beatles. They are iconic, obviously where I'm from [Liverpool], the songs and what they mean to my family. There’s a song for every memory growing up. I love Celine Dion too, even from a young age. It just breaks boundaries with lyrics and stuff.
Nikita: Elton John. Queen.
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce character, what would yours be called, and why?
Sam: Samanta.
Sam: No one calls me Samantha apart from my mum. When Nikita was trying to reach my inner Sasha Fierce during the samba, he kept calling me Samanta.
Who are the icons in your life in your real life?
Katya: My Mother.
Wynne: She's wonderful.
Katya: Yes, she's a total icon. She knows when to be strong, when to be soft. She decided to start dancing and follow her dream at the age of 57 now she competes at international level whilst being the most beautiful woman I've ever seen.
Wynne: Lovely Lady. My mother was iconic as well. She saved a theatre from demolition and introduced me to theatre. There’s a film about her where Samantha Morton plays her, it's called Save the Cinema. She was a brilliant woman and ahead of a time to be such a strong woman in the 90s.
What does iconic mean to you?
Wynne: I think icons are somebody that touches your heart and your soul and makes an impact on their life.
Katya: To me, an icon is someone that is so authentically themselves and stands by their beliefs, that when you watch them, you want to be that. A lot of people don't have that strength or the bravery, so those people that are authentically themselves.
Talk us through the icon you will be channelling on icons week.
Wynne: I wanted somebody who had a very normal upbringing, like me, a very normal life. Shirley Bassey is my icon.
Katya: I think the song will connect with a lot of people. She sings it with such passion and there will be a little surprise for everyone as well. I’m so excited.
Wynne: I've met her a few times. She's brilliant. She's an amazing woman.
What other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Wynne: Well, I worked with Pavarotti, when he was alive. I loved working with him. A lot of operatic conductors I worked with over the years, who were amazing people. Sir Charles Mackerras brough the work of Janáček, who was a famous Czech composer, to this country and gave us that. I did multiple recordings with him, bringing this new music, which is now like the mainstay of the operatic repertoire collection.
Katya: I was also brought up on classical music and studied piano, so I just have a love for music. Being a dancer, you have to be versatile. You have to be open to everything, so I love and have been influenced by classical music as well as modern music.
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce character like Beyonce?
Wynne: I’ve already had a famous alter ego!
Who are the icons in your real life?
Sarah: My Grandpa was a massive influence on me. He was an amazing man, and I think about him a lot. He died when I was about 18 but I still think about him all the time. I get quite emotional because often Vito talks to his grandparents and I kind of feel sad that mine aren’t alive anymore. I think he would love this. You realise that even though somebody hasn't been in your life for a really long time, they can still really affect you. You realise the impact they've had on you because you're still thinking about them what values they had. Sometimes I think what would he say about that or what would he think about that?
Vito: My family. They are my icons because each of them has something different. My Mum is my icon because of her work ethic. I've learned that from her. My Father is my icon as he literally taught me about life. My Grandparents are very wise and I talk to them more than my parents! My Brother is my hero. My Brother is younger than me but he's more responsible and wiser, he gives the best advice. I'm just very lucky, very happy, very grateful.
What does iconic mean to you?
Sarah: I suppose it's someone that has a massive impact in a positive way. It’s someone that you go, wow, this is this person. You just go, They’re unique. I think it's the impact somebody has on lots of people.
Vito: For me an icon can change the perspective of the people's life. When I think about people who are icons, they almost become a lifestyle. You’re interested in them beyond the art. You want to follow the way they are living. You want to know how they're treating themselves, what they're doing.
Talk us through the icon you'll be channelling from icons.
Sarah: Madonna. I went to see her at Wembley, back in the early 90s. I've been aware of her all my adult life. I think what's so extraordinary about her is she began the reinvention thing. Every time she had a new album out, she had a different look from the Jean Paul Gaultier era and the bustier and the hair. I mean, she's just incredible. A friend of mine is friends with her and I'm always like, please get a video. He says she's amazing.
What other music legends have inspired you?
Sarah: Well, definitely Madonna was a big part of when I was a young adult. When she brought an album out it was always completely different, it was always a massive deal because she is an icon. I think she started that kind of cult thing of the reinvention to extend the career which people try and emulate now.
Vito: When I was a kid I always watched Dirty Dancing and wanted to be Patrick Swayze. Also Ricky Martin. I was obsessed with Livin’ La Vida Loca.
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce style alter ego like Beyonce, what would yours be called?
Sarah: Trilly and the shoemaker, because Vito is the only one who can get my Latin shoes on.
Who are the icons in your real life (a Teacher, Mum, Dad, kids etc?)
Shayne: My Mum and my fiancé, Sophie. Mum because she is my rock, she’s my biggest support. She was my teacher from day one. She brought up seven children by herself. She’s always someone to lean on and always a great ear when I need to offload. I love her to bits. Then Sophie, as my partner she’s my best friend. She’s an incredible Mum to our children but she’s so much more as well, she’s a phenomenal actress. She’s very driven, always thinking about the future and the amazing adventures we’re going to have. For me, she’s a big inspiration and I feel very blessed that she’s there.
Nancy: My Mum. She’s a really independent woman. She’s so little but she raised me and taught me to be who I am, the most important thing she taught me was respect. She always respects my decisions too. She always tells me she believes in me and encourages me to go and fight for what I wanted.
What does iconic mean to you?
Shayne: Iconic to me is loved. You become an icon when you’re so popular and everyone loves you.
Nancy: For me, you don’t have to be everyone’s icon. It’s someone that the way they behave gives support and confidence, it can change someone’s life. It’s someone special.
Talk us through the icon you are channelling on Icons Week?
Nancy: We’re doing the quickstep which is fun. It’s going to be a moment of celebration.
What other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Shayne: Elvis Presley, The Bee Gees, I love harmonies. Patsy Kline, honestly there is too many. Andrea Bocelli, he’s got the best voice. Celine Dion, Pink… I could go on!
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce character, like Beyonce has, what would yours be called and why?
Nancy: Sassa!
Shayne: I would be Sir Chestup!
Who are the icons in your day to day life?
Montell: The icons in my real life, are definitely I’d say my closest female friends. I feel like they are just doing amazing incredible things, raising really strong, powerful, empowered children, and they are doing it whilst juggling life, fitness, health and businesses and creativity and I’m just so inspired by and proud of them. To me they are absolute icons.
Johannes: Definitely my Mum. A strong women that taught me to be humble, but proud of who I am. She has been my rock and support, but she also allowed me to be me and follow my dreams. Growing up - my teachers Patricia and Elvis - who took me in and trained me in dance - sacrificing so much to train us into champions. They are true icons.
What does iconic mean to you?
Montell: Someone that is unapologetically outstanding, and leaves a mark wherever they go, wherever they are their presence is felt by everyone. And for me they are the moment.
Johannes: Iconic means someone who, with hard work and dedication, can achieve success beyond their expectations in whatever they do and make a difference. Maybe leave a legacy and create a benchmark.
Talk us through the icon you are channelling on Icons Week?
Montell: This week I'm channelling Whitney Houston, the truest of icons to me in terms of everything. Before the days of social media and the digital age she was a global superstar and I’m channelling hopefully her beauty her grace. She had a lot of humility about her, she was for everyone and I always felt a beautiful warmth about her, and that is what I’ll be channelling.
Even though you'll be channelling Whitney, what other music legends have inspired you in your life?
Montell: There are so many music legends that have inspired my life, I love a strong female lead, I love 2000s pop where you have people like Christina Aguilera, R&B we have Mariah Carey, just absolute queens. But also another superstar is Lauryn Hill, for me they are musical legends, because of their voices, not just the status but because of who they are, who they’ve helped everyone around them become, and how everyone feels listening to their music and how their music surpasses any time in history, it’s just consistently great. And they’ve definitely inspired me because they were all true to themselves no matter what, and that is something that I think everyone hopes to do.
Johannes: Miriam Makebe - Mama Africa - who broke down so many barriers. Pata Pata changed the world’s view of African Music and has paved the way for many other African stars.
If you had to create your own Sasha Fierce character, like Beyonce has, what would yours be called and why?
Montell: Alongside Fire, it would be something like Phoenix Blaze. It channels strength, resilience, and a fierce unstoppable energy and also hints at rebirth and power.
Johannes: Zola Blaze!
*JB Gill will dance with Lauren Oakley for Icons Week.
A Strictly Come Dancing spokesperson says: “Amy Dowden MBE is doing much better and the Strictly family send her love and wish her well. She is delighted that fellow Professional Dancer, Lauren Oakley, is able to step in for rehearsals and to perform in Saturday’s show for JB Gill’s Couple’s Choice dance. We are all hopeful that Amy will be back to dance with JB next week.”
The page will automatically reload. You may need to reload again if the build takes longer than expected.
            
Select a theme and theme mode and click "Load theme" to load in your theme combination.