ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NV - MAY 20:  Bruno Mars speaks onstage during the 2018 Billboard Music Awards at MGM ... More Grand Garden Arena on May 20, 2018 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Bruno Mars may have a new single coming with Lady Gaga, and the rumors seem to have propelled some of his biggest hits back to the charts. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images)
Rumors have been swirling for some time on the internet that Bruno Mars may be gearing up to return to music. He’s been fairly quiet for several years now—at least when it comes to dropping new tunes—but that could change soon. Mars and Lady Gaga have been fueling the rumor mill that they have a track together, and while no official announcement has been made, the mere mention of such a collaboration seems to have spurred Mars back onto the Billboard charts.
This week, Mars returns to both of Billboard’s global charts. He sees a pair of smashes reappear on one of the two lists, while on the other, he fills just a single space.
Mars’ “When I Was Your Man” is back on both the Billboard Global 200 and the Billboard Global Excl. US this week. The former tally ranks the most-consumed songs in the world, while the latter does the same, only with all streaming and sales data from America removed.
Among all of Mars’ appearances on the worldwide tallies this frame, he sits highest on the Billboard Global Excl. US. “When I Was Your Man” breaks back in at No. 104 on that list, almost exactly in the middle of the ranking. The same cut is present on the Billboard Global 200 chart at No. 131.
At the same time, another one of the singer’s most popular tracks returns to the Billboard Global Excl. US as well. “Locked Out of Heaven” reappears on the tally at No. 190, narrowly finding its way onto the 200-spot list.
Throughout his career—and the several-year-long existence of the two global charts—Mars has placed a dozen titles on the Billboard Global Excl. US and 15 on the Billboard Global 200. Many of those hits are from his Silk Sonic project, which saw him team up with Anderson .Paak to create a superduo that released just one album. Much of Mars’ solo output predates the lists, so his biggest wins haven’t dominated these rosters like they have on other Billboard rankings.