By TERRY ZELLER and BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:30, 26 November 2024   |  Updated:  05:41, 26 November 2024   
 91
View  comments
Miley Cyrus is fighting back against plagiarism claims over her hit single Flowers, denying accusations that she copied Bruno Mars' 2012 track When I Was Your Man.
Cyrus' lawyers dismissed the copyright infringement lawsuit filed by Tempo Music Investments in September, arguing that the company lacks the standing to sue, per documents obtained by People on Wednesday.
Tempo Music, which holds a portion of the copyright to Mars' song through co-writer Philip Lawrence’s catalog, is not affiliated with the track's other co-writers, Ari Levine and Andrew Wyatt. 
Cyrus’ legal team contends that only those with exclusive rights to a song can file such a lawsuit, and since Tempo is only an assignee of one co-writer, they argue it has no legal grounds to sue.
The lawsuit, which claims that Flowers plagiarizes Mars' ballad, was filed after fans and critics drew comparisons between the two tracks. 
However, Cyrus' attorneys have requested the case be dismissed, emphasizing that 'an assignee of only one co-author lacks exclusive rights and, therefore, also lacks standing to sue for infringement,' according to the outlet. 
Miley Cyrus is fighting back against plagiarism claims over her hit single Flowers, denying accusations that she copied Bruno Mars' 2012 track When I Was Your Man; (seen in February)
Cyrus' lawyers dismissed the copyright infringement lawsuit filed by Tempo Music Investments in September, arguing that the company lacks the standing to sue, per documents obtained by People on Wednesday; (Mars in 2017)
In its lawsuit, Tempo Music claims that Miley 'intentionally copied' Mars' 2012 hit When I Was Your Man for her chart-topping single Flowers, citing substantial similarities between the two songs. 
The investment firm argues that both the melody and harmonies in Flowers bear a striking resemblance to Mars' track, particularly in the verses and chorus.
Additionally, Tempo asserts that the chord progressions in Cyrus’ song, co-written with Aldae (Gregory Hein) and Michael Pollack, echo those in Mars’ ballad, and some of the lyrics in Flowers are similar to those in When I Was Your Man, which Mars co-wrote with Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, and Andrew Wyatt.
Tempo's lawsuit goes as far as to state, 'It is undeniable based on the combination and number of similarities between the two recordings that Flowers would not exist without When I Was Your Man.'
Both songs were major hits, each topping the Billboard Hot 100 chart. 
While When I Was Your Man' earned a 2014 Grammy nomination for Best Pop Solo Performance, Flowers went on to win Record of the Year — the same category Mars was nominated for — and was also nominated for Song of the Year, though it didn’t take home the win. 
The lawsuit accuses Cyrus, her producers Kid Harpoon and Tyler Harper, as well as her label, of having access to Mars' song, despite the fact that When I Was Your Man has been widely available for years through physical media and streaming. 
Tempo Music is seeking unspecified damages and, more drastically, is asking for 'Flowers' to be removed from digital platforms and future physical releases of Cyrus’ 2023 album Endless Summer Vacation. 
Tempo Music, which claims to own part of Mars' copyright, says Flowers has major similarities to When I Was Your Man's melody, harmonies, chord structure and lyrics; Cyrus pictured in the Flowers video
Mars' song was a chart topper in 2013 but failed to win a Grammy. Cyrus' song also topped the Billboard Hot 100, but she also won Record of the Year (for songwriters) and Best Pop Solo Performance, which Mars was nominated for but lost; Mars seen in 2021 in LA
The firm is also pushing to prevent Cyrus from performing the song in the future.
Interestingly, it is Tempo Music — rather than Mars himself — that has filed the lawsuit, following its acquisition of part of the song's copyright. 
In 2021, Mars sold a portion of his catalog to Warner Music Group, though he reportedly retained majority ownership. 
Tempo, which was founded by Warner and Providence Equity Partners in 2019 with an initial investment of $650 million, focuses on purchasing song catalogs, including both master recordings and publishing rights. 
While it’s common for older artists to sell portions of their catalogs for substantial paydays, it’s less typical for younger stars like Mars to do so, especially while retaining majority rights to their work.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group