New Things On The Block covers all the latest lifestyle news you need to know at the tip of your fingers.
Celebrated American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars will be making a special appearance at Marquee Singapore on Saturday, 6 April to host the official afterparty for his three-day Bruno Mars Live in Singapore concert tour, giving music fans an exclusive opportunity to party with the “24K Magic” superstar up-close.
The highly anticipated afterparty is set to be an exhilarating event to cap off his Singapore tour, which will see the renowned hitmaker perform three sold-out shows at the National Stadium.
Mars is a dominant force in the music industry with a string of widely acclaimed chart-toppers that has earned him countless prestigious accolades, including the popular singles “Uptown Funk”, “Just the Way You Are”, “That’s What I Like” and “Locked Out of Heaven”. The 15-time Grammy-winning musician is best known for his retro-pop hits that effortlessly blend pop, R&B, reggae, funk and soul, and has sold over 130 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling artists of all time. He also became the first artist in the United States to receive six Diamond-certified songs, and was named as one of Billboard’s Greatest of All Time Artists in 2019.
Tickets are now available on Marquee Singapore’s website.
An emblem of Dior timeless elegance, the Dior Jolie bag – presented as part of the Dior spring-summer 2024 ready-to-wear collection dreamed up by Maria Grazia Chiuri – is distinguished by its contemporary, structured silhouette, dressed in smooth black leather and adorned with the iconic graphics of cannage. An exceptional creation, it reflects the House's heritage with a refined clasp comprising the gilded letters "CD", a detail subtly enhanced by a freshwater pearl. Promising a bold, free-spirited allure, this object of desire features a detachable, adjustable chain – the delicately entwined links of which recall the founding couturier's initials – and sports a double-flap construction.
A perfect addition to any outfit, day or night, it can be carried by hand or on the shoulder, in a sophisticated or more casual style. An irresistible new accessory to be taken wherever you go, available in a mini or small format.
Available in stores now.
Nestled along the pristine coastline of Labuan Bajo, Ta'aktana, a Luxury Collection Resort & Spa epitomizes the harmonious blend of luxury and sustainability. The first of Marriott International’s luxurious resort under the prestigious The Luxury Collection brand in the breathtaking destination of Labuan Bajo, Ta'aktana introduces the first Sea Villas in the destination, each adorned with avant-garde facilities and ultra-luxury amenities, promising an unparalleled retreat for the discerning travellers.
With modern travelers looking to experience more slow and purposeful travel in the coming year, Ta'aktana not only offers an invitation to explore Labuan Bajo's hidden gems such as the mesmerising Rangko Cave (Goa Rangko), a secluded enclave with a natural blue pool near the town of Labuan Bajo, but also do their part in travelling sustainably and immersing into local culture and traditions.
Guests can fly from Bali’s Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS) or Jakarta’s Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK) to reach Labuan Bajo.
Departure from Bali, it is an approximately 1-hour flight to Komodo Airport (LBJ); from Jakarta, it is an approximately 2.5 hours flight to Komodo Airport (LBJ).
Singapore travellers can fly from Singapore to Bali or Jakarta with Singapore Airlines, Scoot, or Air Asia, and then connect to Labuan Bajo with Batik Air or Air Asia.
For the return journey, there are daily flights from Labuan Bajo to Bali or Jakarta with Batik Air or Air Asia. From Bali or Jakarta, travellers can choose from several connecting flights back to Singapore.
Book a stay here: Marriott | Booking.com | Trip.com
Maison Valentino announced the appointment of Alessandro Michele as Creative Director, effective 2 April 2024. In his new Alessandro Michele will be based in Rome, the creative heart of the Company and the city where it was founded in 1960.
This appointment marks the beginning of a new creative journey to continue shining unique values of the brand, its heritage and couture codes in the world through Alessandro Michele ’s unique perspective and wealth of experience.
“For the last twelve years, as a team, we dedicated our time and resources to develop the Maison Valentino brand and business to become a world class couture house built on the unique heritage and creativity of Mr. Valentino Garavani, representing the best world of elegance and beauty. We have been able to grow it in reputation and size over five folds, while gaining the loyalty and appreciation of our clients.
The appointment of Alessandro Michele marks another pivotal moment for Maison Valentino. Michele is an exceptional talent and his appointment underlines our great ambitions for Maison Valentino. I strongly believe that with his unique creativity and sensibility , he will continue the elevation of the brand’s everlasting heritage and unique Italian Maison de Couture identity.
Shop Valentino on Net-A-Porter
Have you noticed that as we age, our skin not only loses its elasticity but radiance as well? Renowned for its sure-fire efficacy, the Infinity Kose range offers a comprehensive brightening skincare line that provides skin-brightening and age-defying benefits simultaneously. Targetted at 'adult dullness' of the skin, the renewed range is formulated with the active skin-brightening ingredient kojic acid and allantoin, known for its soothing properties.
Adopting a three-dimensional approach, the range works to unveil radiant skin, harnessing a pearl-light formula and carefully selected moisturising ingredients that your skin will love. Get the Infinite Glow Trio: Kose Infinity Innovative Bright Lotion XX which improves moisture circulation and deeply hydrates the skin, the Kose Infinity Innovative Bright Serum XX targets dark spots and prevents melanin darkening while the Kose Infinity Innovative Bright Emulsion XX, made up of golden silk extract and sourced from the prized golden silk No.11, that is meticulously cultivated in Thailand. This extract is carefully processed to promote hyaluronic acid production as well as deep moisturisation. As it seals in moisture, this emulsion creates an ideal environment for active ingredients to work effectively.
The Infinity Innovative Bright XX series is available at all Kose counters at BHG, Isetan, Metro and OG.
Get Kose vouchers & Save!
From now to 4 April 2024, embrace the duality of Viktor&Rolf's femininity and empowerment at a pop-up event held at Paragon Orchard Lobby, Level 1. In a special collaboration with Singapore's first multi-artisan concept store @dailyground.co, you get to immerse yourself within the olfactory world of Viktor&Rolf with exclusive and specially crafted gelato, beverages and cookies inspired by the signature scents.
Try the signature Viktor&Rolf Flowerbomb EDP and EDT. Crafted by the master perfumers Dominique Ropion, Carlos Benaim, and Domitille Michalon-Bertier, Flowerbomb Eau de Parfum reveals an explosion of flowers, from the delicate freshness of peony and freesia to the sensuality of centifolia rose and jasmine absolute. Enhanced by bergamot and tea accords, the fragrance is seduction and alluring all at the same time. Housed in the shape of a diamond, and finished with an elegant silver-pink cap, the sparkling glass represents positivity, beauty and luxury.
Here's what to expect at the pop-up. You get to redeem:
A complimentary Viktor&Rolf Flowerbomb Eau de Parfum 1.2ml sample by sharing on social media, a photo of yourself with the Viktor&Rolf giant bottle display using the hashtag #ViktorAndRolfFragrances #Flowerbomb.
A 2-piece Viktor&Rolf sample and a complimentary cookie or gelato (worth S$4.80) with any purchase made at the pop-up.
A 5-piece gift set including a Viktor&Rolf pouch, 7ml miniature fragrance, Design Your Own Bottle With the Ribbon Charm, and 2-piece sample with a minimum spend of $180.
Perfect for Mother's Day and Father's Day, explore exclusive time-limited gift sets in collaboration with self-taught illustrator, Angel Draws (@angel_draws).
Get Viktor&Rolf fragrances
According to a recent study published by YouGovsg, Singaporeans are the most sleep-deprived globally. Only 1 in 4 Singaporeans have an ideal sleep cycle of 7 hours or more, with insomnia being a common sleep disorder that affects up to 15.3% of the local population. In conjunction with World Health Day, LAC hopes to raise awareness with those who are struggling with having healthy sleep habits.
Formulated with a blend of ingredients such as Valerian Root, Saffron Extract, Magnesium, and Melatonin, LAC’s TriAction Sleep Formula helps to regulate sleep cycle and supports relaxation throughout the entire duration. Engineered with triple-layer technology, it ensures both immediate and sustained release, fostering not only relaxation but also an elevated sleep experience.
Get 15% off!
Insufficient sleep also poses a significant risk of fat accumulation in the liver, a fact often overlooked. Look to LAC’s Liver Protector, meticulously crafted with ingredients drawn from traditional Chinese medicine such as Sanchi and Red Peony Root. The potent elements found in LAC’s Liver Protector aid in detoxifying the body, combating lipid buildup, and restoring hormonal imbalance, reducing the risk of liver disease that is often associated with poor or inadequate sleep.
Get 15% off!
READ:
I tried the new Laneige Bouncy & Firm Sleeping Mask that Sydney Sweeney loves. Here’s my review
This March, try the new Lady M Sesame Tie Guan Yin Mille Crêpes, with layers of delicate, nutty black sesame cream, ultra-thin French crêpes, and floral Tie Guan Yin oolong tea-infused whipped cream. Known for their paper thin layers, each cake is exquisitely finished with a black sesame glaze and topped with roasted sesame seeds, promising an unforgettable taste experience.
Don't miss out! 
During this sacred month of Ramadan, check out the splendid array of Halal culinary delights, meticulously crafted for Sahur, Iftar, and the forthcoming festive Hari Raya gatherings!
From the captivating Dendeng gift sets to the freshly imported Smiling Fish Biryani Jasmine Rice, Ellaziq's extensive selection ensures an elevated dining experience during this significant period.
Experience the El-Dina Dendeng Lembu and Dendeng Ayam Pedas in brand-new gift boxes of 5 pieces ($19.80). Alternatively, opt for the Ramadan gift set ($36.60) to present a thoughtful token of affection to your beloved ones during this cherished season!
Shop El-dina!
SINGAPORE (Reuters) -Singapore's People's Action Party won its 14th successive election on Saturday to extend its unbroken six-decade rule, delivering a strong mandate to its new premier as the city-state braces for economic turbulence from a global trade war.  The PAP, which has ruled since before Singapore's 1965 independence, won 87 of the 97 parliamentary seats up for grabs, with victories by huge margins in many of the 33 constituencies as the opposition failed to extend gains in previous contests.  The election was a bellwether of the popularity of the PAP amid some signs of disenchantment with its tight grip on power in the Asian financial hub, whose six million people have known no other kind of government.
President’s post comes days after he joked ‘I’d like to be Pope... that would be my number one choice’
The 99-year-old ex-Prime Minister dished about the disruptive U.S. President, Vladimir Putin, and global affairs, in an exclusive interview.
Former first lady Michelle Obama has emerged more outspoken than ever about her marriage.
Every country that owns a significant amount of Treasury debt has the option to sell it to push back against President Donald Trump’s tariff policies.  Japan just happened to say it out loud.  “It does exist as a card,” said Japanese Finance Minister Katsunobu Kato, when asked in a Friday television interview if the country’s current commitment not to sell U.S. Treasuries could be used as a negotiation tool in trade talks.
The model is getting a head start on her tan before the warmer months officially hit
Guide to Singapore's General Election 2025 (GE2025): When will Singapore General Election results be out? And more.
The US government said it will no longer ‘fly around the world at the drop of a hat’ for meetings
Xi might find, to his surprise, that Americans can do — for a while — without Barbie. And that U.S. companies are more capable of leaving China than he expects.
Chronic high blood sugar is linked to metabolic diseases such as type 2 diabetes.
Doris Au, a seller of door locks and hardware in Hong Kong for 25 years, received a letter from her bank, DBS Group, last June stating that her business account would be closed.  Au discovered after searching online that another firm with a similar name was added to the U.S. trade blacklist in October 2023 for "providing support to Russia's military and/or defense industrial base."  The entry identified two addresses, one of which was Au's warehouse.
Day by day, the evidence mounts that Donald Trump is rethinking American policy towards Ukraine. His ambition to put a swift end to the war has come to nothing, but the crucial change is that he may at last be realising that Vladimir Putin is chiefly responsible for thwarting his efforts.
Investors have been eagerly awaiting details about the impact of Trump's tariffs on the tech giant.
The singer denies the story told by the actress about her disregarding Makiyo's late mother
Midfielder is into double figures for goals this season
Fox played her first-ever DJ set, which fittingly included her single "Down the Drain."
The 74-year-old driver was trapped in the huge sinkhole on Tuesday, Jan. 28
The post Seng Heng Braised Duck Noodles: The elusive duck noodle stall that’s only open 2 hours a day appeared first on SETHLUI.com.
Outspoken Georgia Republican Rep. Marjorie Taylor Greene has sounded off against the Trump administration in a lengthy tirade on the social media site X. “I represent the base and when I’m frustrated and upset over the direction of things, you better be clear, the base is not happy,” wrote Greene. The post fired shots at the recent minerals deal with Ukraine, the handling of the war in Iraq, COVID-19 vaccines, and election integrity, saying the Trump administration has so far failed to address c
Many Americans might not have felt major effects from President Donald Trump’s sweeping tariffs – until now.