By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  00:34, 3 November 2024   |  Updated:  01:01, 3 November 2024   
 108
View  comments
Strictly Come Dancing pros and former best friends Nanxy Xu and Carlos Gu have reportedly had a 'shocking' falling out and are now refusing to speak behind the scenes of the BBC show. 
Nancy, 33, and Carlos, 31, both grew up in China and have been close since childhood in the past have shared cute nicknames for one another. 
The pair have unfollowed each other on social media and according to new reports, tensions backstage have left their fellow pros 'shocked'.  
An insider told The Sun: 'The feud between Nancy and Carlos is really sad and has left everyone really shocked. They've been close since childhood, but have fallen out and unfollowed each other on socials.'
It's claimed tensions arose after Carlos was left disappointed not to be paired with a celeb this series, while Nancy has been busy in rehearsals with Shayne Ward, 40.
The source added: 'The atmosphere on set is said to be awkward and tense when both are around, and to many it was a relief when Carlos didn't attend the show weeks ago'. 
Strictly Come Dancing pros and former best friends Nanxy Xu, 33, and Carlos Gu, 31, have reportedly had a 'shocking' falling out and are now refusing to speak backstage 
Nancy and Carlos both grew up in China and have been close since childhood in the past have shared cute nicknames for one another (pictured together on the show)
Meanwhile a separate source told MailOnline: 'Both Carols and Nancy are extremely cordial and always incredibly professional on Strictly premises'.
MailOnline have the dancers representative and the BBC for comment. 
During previous seasons, Carlos has been paired with TV presenter Angela Scanlon and EastEnders stay Molly Rainford. 
Carlos and Nancy are not the only two pros who are avoiding each other this series. 
After Nadiya Bychkova and Kai Widdrington's recent split, tensions are said to be frosty between the pair. 
They are reportedly refusing to stand next to each other on screen. 
Nadiya has previously revealed she 'isn't friends' with her former flame and the pair have been seen to be noticeably standing apart while upstairs in the Clauditorium during the live show. 
A source told The Sun: 'It's painfully obvious Nadiya and Kai are in the awkward post-break up phase and struggling to be near one another.
'When the pair are in the Clauditorium, they're always on opposite sides. Although they may have big smiles on their faces when the cameras are running, it's been very tense between them.
The former friends do not follow each other on social media 
It's claimed tensions arose after Carlos was left disappointed not to be paired with a celeb this series, while Nancy has been busy in rehearsals with Shayne Ward , 40 (pictured)
During previous seasons Carlos has been paired with TV presenter Angela Scanlon (pictured) and EastEnders stay Molly Rainford
'They refuse to be near each other at all on set- but there's not much room up there with all the professionals. They just have to do their best to avoid each other every weekend.'
The BBC refused to comment and MailOnline have contacted representatives for Nadiya and Kai. 
The couple reportedly ended their two-year romance after 'emotionally drifting away from each other,' with sources claiming the pressures of touring together took a toll on their relationship.
Speaking to The Mirror earlier this month Nadiya revealed that she and Kai are still working on Strictly, despite not having celebrity partners, and they'll always keep things professional when they dance together.
Carlos and Nancy are not the only two pros who are avoiding each other this series. After Nadiya Bychkova and Kai Widdrington 's recent split, tensions are said to be frosty 
The couple reportedly ended their two-year romance after 'emotionally drifting away from each other' in June
Asked whether they are still friends, Nadiya said: 'We work together but we are not friends and that's OK. 
'One thing I can tell you is that when you see me dancing with him it will be amazing because I'm a professional.'
In July, MailOnline confirmed Nadiya and Kai, who both compete on the BBC series, split in June, at the end of their lucrative tour Behind the Magic.
It has now been reported the couple were battling off-stage problems during their tour, and the pressure of being in each other's space 24/7, eventually 'took its toll' on their relationship.
A friend of Kai and Nadiya told The Sun: 'It’s heartbreaking. Kai and Nadiya seemed like the most perfect couple and have been so, so blissfully in love.
'But the pressures of touring - being in each other’s space 24/7, and the stress of performing a sell-out show eventually took its toll.
'They had been drifting emotionally for a while, and things actually came to a head during the tour - ironically called Behind The Magic - which, obviously, was incredibly problematic.'
Kai and Nadiya made the mutual decision to quit 'after a rough few weeks' once their tour finished, the source added. 
JB Gill (Amy Dowden's partner) and Lauren Oakley - Couple’s Choice to Bruno Mars Medley by Bruno Mars - 39
Tasha Ghouri & Aljaz Škorjanec - Couple’s Choice to What About Us by P!nk - 39 
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Cha Cha to Like A Prayer by Madonna - 37 
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston - 35 
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Quickstep to Help! by The Beatles - 35 
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Samba to Faith by George Michael - 31 
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Rumba to This is My Life by Shirley Bassey - 30 
Chris McCausland and Diane Buswell - Tango to Rock And Roll All Nite by KISS - 29 
Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin - American Smooth to Love Story (Taylor’s Version) by Taylor Swift - 29 
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystał - Salsa to Another One Bites The Dust by Queen - 22 
The blonde beauty also had kind words for Lauren after she stepped up to temporarily fill in for her on the show.
Amy shared: 'Thank you, I knew Jay would be in safe hands and have a fabulous time with you! You know I've always adored your dancing since I ran up to you in Blackpool tower at 8 years old to tell you! Thank you darling!'
Rounding off her sweet message, Amy also gave a shout out to the Strictly choreographers for 'such a brilliant routine', while sharing her gratitude over the support she's had from fans.
'Also a big thank you for all the love and support I've received this past week. So grateful and certainly helped! Now tune into the first ever ICONS week on strictly!' she concluded.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group