Britain's Got Talent judge Alesha Dixon has spoken out about hip-hop sensation and all-around entertainer KSI joining the ITV show's judging panel as a temporary stand-in. The multi-talented artist is set to keep Bruno Tonioli's seat warm on BGT for several episodes this month due to the veteran judge's prior commitments to the American hit series, Dancing with the Stars.
Alesha was caught sharing her excitement in an exclusive conversation with the Daily Express and other Reach outlets. When asked about her feelings on KSI filling in the gap left by Bruno, Alesha was very positive.
"I am (excited), actually. I really like KSI. I think he's really smart, he's got a fabulous personality," she confirmed. Her praise didn't stop there, as she continued: "I think he's built a fantastic little empire for himself. He's multi-talented and I think he's going to be a brilliant addition to the show."
It seems Alesha is already hopeful for a strong working relationship with the boxing influencer, as she added: "I think he and I will have probably a lot of friends in common and a lot of things in common, both loving music. So I'm looking forward to working with him."
When asked about KSIs potential as a long-term judge, she remained cautiously optimistic, saying: "I haven't seen him judge yet, but I think he's just keeping Bruno's seat warm."
Singing Bruno Tonioli's praises, she confidently announced: "Bruno will be back!"
After the news broke of his new stint on ITV's talent show, KSI joyfully expressed in a statement: "I'm so excited to be a guest judge for BGT. When I got the call-up, I couldn't believe it.
"I remember watching old BGT episodes and going from being amazed to laughing my arse off. I'm buzzing to see all the fresh new talent, and I'll be sure to leave a mark."
Bruno Tonioli then quipped with his trademark humour: "Who better than a young, attractive, multi-talented star known the world over, filling in for another young, attractive, multi-talented star known the world over."
He added: "In all seriousness, I can think of no one better to keep my seat warm than the wonderful KSI, even though I spend most of the show out of it anyway... I'll be itching to get back to the judging panel for another year of laughter, tears and everything in between."
KSI has been busy dedicating time to his music career this year, releasing new singles, Low and Thick of It ft Trippie Low, just last week.
Elsewhere in our exclusive chat, Alesha reflected on her journey through the world of showbiz and a pioneering new qualification that would offer guidance for future talents.
The Breathe Slow singer has joined the T-team – a group of celebrities hailing T-levels as a game-changing qualification. Alesha is championing the brand-new Media, Broadcast and Production T-level, launched across England this September.
New stats show that 73% of people believe the routes and opportunities into the creative industries are closed off to many, while 86% of parents would feel more confident in their child pursuing a creative career if they knew more about the opportunities available.
Alesha Dixon has thrown her support behind a "really exciting" campaign, sharing her initial aspirations with the revelation: "Before I actually got into the entertainment industry, I wanted to be a teacher, and I absolutely love going into schools and speaking with young people."
She expressed her connection to the initiative, continuing: "This campaign really spoke to me. So I've joined the T-team experts and we're here to raise awareness on the benefits of T-levels for 16 to 19-year-olds."
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Reflecting on her own journey, Alesha confessed: "I would have loved something like this when I was younger." She discussed the misconceptions surrounding media careers, adding: "I think there's lots of stigma around working in Media and Broadcast and production. I think probably a lot of parents think that to get into media, it's about who you know rather than what you know."
However, she praised the T-levels for their practical approach, noting: "But T-levels really lift the lid on that - this is a bona fide way into the industry where your children can be hands-on, working on an industry placement with the employer, and learning real-life skills in the classroom that are then transferable to the real world. I just think it's a brilliant idea."
Alesha concluded: "If you were a young person, knowing that you're going to be out there in the real world, working in an industry that you aspire to be in, it would be super exciting."
Highlighting the benefits to employers, she said: "And of course, these courses are tailor-made for what the employers need and want, so it's a completely bespoke qualification in that sense."
She also shared her own experiences starting out in the entertainment industry, saying: "I think it's important to inspire young people and give them options, because I just think people really see the entertainment industry as otherworldly. I know I did growing up; I thought it was Mars.
"I didn't even know it was possible to be in the entertainment industry, so I think we've got to lift the lid on that and show parents that there are steps you can take that will give you the confidence that your child is doing the right thing.
"Ultimately, it's about fulfilling a passion, and that's where my passion comes from. You get one life; you want to do something with your life that gives you satisfaction."
Reflecting on the fears many face, she said: "I think a lot of people are nervous and fearful, so they maybe choose a safer route or they don't go for their dreams because they're not sure that it's possible.
"So I think when it comes to the creative industries, we've got to encourage people to go for it, because I think a lot of people choose to walk away because they don't know how how to go about it.
"But the creative industry is so exciting!" she exclaimed. "There are so many options and so many jobs available for young people. I always approach it from a perspective of passion for the creative industries, passion for young people and showing them what's possible."
Parents can find more information and access free resources by visiting the T-level info website at: www.tlevelinfo.org.uk 
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated