ByLegal Entertainment
ByLegal Entertainment,
 Contributor. 
Over a decade after the debut of Bruno Mars' "When I Was Your Man," Miley Cyrus' "Flowers" was ... More served with a copyright lawsuit.
Contributing Author: Daniel Rozansky
When Miley Cyrus released "Flowers" in January 2023, the pop anthem seemed destined for the history books, breaking Spotify streaming records with over a billion streams in just 112 days and climbing to No. 1 on Billboard's “Hot 100.” While fans speculated about the breakup song's apparent references to ex-husband Liam Hemsworth, it wasn't the actor who took legal action – instead, music rights-acquiring fund Tempo Music Investments, LLC ("Tempo") "came in like a wrecking ball" with an unexpected copyright lawsuit.
In 2013, Bruno Mars struck gold with "When I Was Your Man," a soulful ballad co-written by eight-time Grammy winner Philip Lawrence. The track dominated the charts, earning Mars a Grammy nomination for Best Pop Solo Performance. Seven years later, Tempo acquired Lawrence's music catalog – with it, his interest in the song's copyright.
On September 16, 2024, Tempo fired its opening shot, filing a copyright infringement claim against Cyrus in the Central District of California. The lawsuit alleges that "Flowers" copies "distinct, important, and recognizable portions" of Mars' hit, creating an unauthorized derivative work.” The complaint casts a wide net, naming Cyrus along with co-writers Gregory Hein and Michael Pollack as well as Sony Music Entertainment, Concord, Warner-Tamerlane Publishing Corp, and various streaming platforms.
Bruno Mars performed "When I Was Your Man" at the 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas where ... More Cyrus was also in attendance.
According to the complaint, the musical DNA of "Flowers" bears striking similarities to "When I Was Your Man." The lawsuit points to shared elements in melody, harmony, and structure, noting that "the opening vocal line from the chorus of 'Flowers' begins and ends on the same chords as the opening vocal line in the verse of 'When I Was Your Man.'" The alleged similarities extend to the bass line, chorus structure, theatrical elements, lyrics, and chord progressions.
Tempo argues these parallels haven't gone unnoticed, citing Billboard's observation that "any listener can detect that the song boasts a chorus that is the inverse of what Cyrus sings on 'Flowers.'" The plaintiff contends that given Mars' track's massive success and Cyrus' presence at the 2013 iHeartRadio Music Festival where Mars performed the song, there's no question the defendants had prior exposure to the work, which can be an important factor in determining a copyright claim.
Philip Lawrence was one of the song's four coauthors, meaning Tempo does not hold exclusive rights ... More to the copyright.
Cyrus' legal team has come out swinging, arguing that Tempo's complaint is fatally flawed for failing to include Mars and other co-writers. Their Motion to Dismiss cuts to the chase: "Plaintiff brings this copyright infringement action alone – without any of that musical composition's co-authors or other owners." Cyrus argues that Tempo bought only a portion of one of the co-author’s interests in the song, and without exclusive rights to the copyright, Tempo lacks standing under the Copyright Act.
The defense also maintains that any similarities are merely "random, scattered, unprotected ideas and musical building blocks" – standard elements of the musical vocabulary rather than copied material.
If it defeats the Motion to Dismiss, for Tempo to ultimately prevail, they'll need to clear three hurdles: proving widespread distribution and access to the original work, demonstrating substantial and objectively verifiable similarities, and establishing damages. Proving actual damages may present a significant challenge. “When I Was Your Man” was released 10 years before “Flowers”, thus showing that “Flowers” caused a loss of sales for “When I Was Your Man”, may be tough to prove. On the other hand, if it prevails on liability, it may be able “disgorge” profits earned that are attributable to the infringing work.
This high-profile dispute offers valuable insights into the law and music. First, the case highlights the importance of the exclusive rights an artist must have in order to pursue a copyright claim, regardless of the degree of similarity.
Second, this case exemplifies the increasingly complex landscape of music copyright in an era where complete originality seems to become more elusive with each new release. For artists and their legal teams, the key might be finding harmony between creative inspiration and legal protection – both in the studio and the courthouse.
The music industry will be watching closely as this case unfolds. After all, in copyright law, as in pop music, sometimes the difference between a hit and a miss comes down to the finest details.
Legal Entertainment has reached out to representation for comment and will update this story as necessary.
Daniel Rozansky is a Partner at Stubbs Alderton & Markiles LLP in Los Angeles. He practices in the areas of entertainment, intellectual property and business litigation, and represents clients across multiple platforms including film, television, music, concerts and touring, and digital media. He regularly reviews television pilots, screenplays and other material in development to assist those clients in identifying and avoiding potential liabilities.