Strictly Come Dancing fans have branded the latest exit as 'truly shocking' after the news was leaked early. The BBC One dance contest was back on Saturday night (November 2) with a first.
It was the first-ever 'Icons Week' in the ballroom after the BBC introduced the new theme to mark the hit show's 20th anniversary after first bursting onto screens back in 2004.
It saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the dance floor to perform a routine accompanied by a track from a well-known singer or band with George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars among them.
READ MORE: BBC Strictly Come Dancing fans 'outraged' over Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola as they issue complaint
It was a near-perfect night for JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley as they scored the joint-highest score of the night as JB's usual partner, Amy Dowden, watched from the studio sidlines.
The Welsh professional dancer missed last Sunday's results programme after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show’s production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" after she began "feeling unwell" following their Halloween special performance.
Lauren, who does not have a partner for this year’s series of the BBC dancing show, stood in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB during the latest live show, for a score of 39 out of a possible 40, his highest score of the series and first 10s.
Meanwhile, Reality star Tasha Ghouri and professional partner Aljaz Skorjanec performed to P!nk’s What About Us for a joint series high score of 39, with Aljaz taking it as a compliment when Anton Du Beke said: "I didn’t notice Aljaz once, you were exquisite, you made it personal and just lovely."
But it was Pete Wicks and his partner Jowita Przystal who finished bottom of the leaderboard during week seven after they opened the show dancing to Another One Bites The Dust by Queen, scoring just 22 points, as the performance that included "quite a lot of mistakes" according to head judge Shirley Ballas.
After the salsa, Pete, who was channelling the late Freddie Mercury, could be heard repeatedly telling dance partner Jowita "I’m sorry" to which she replied "it’s ok".
But some Strictly fans have been left 'very surprised' after a leaked spoiler revealed which celebrity left the competition this weekend. The results show airs on Sunday but is pre-recorded on the Saturday night after the live show, meaning that the name of the axed star is often leaked online.
While the Manchester Evening News won't be revealing the bottom two or exit results, fans have already been reacting online. @Mrs_AhmedZaman said: "The #StrictlySpoiler is truly shocking omg." @Smm160 commented: "Sometimes the public get it wrong #StrictlySpoiler." @ka_morian0121 posted: "OMG JUST FOUND OUT WHICH 2 COUPLES ARE IN THE DANCE OFF AND..................... WTFF !!!! #StrictlyComeDancing #Strictly #IconsNight #StrictlySpoiler."
@Henry92589880 shared: "I’m sorry what... This is terrible!" @RyanTheSoapking wrote: "WOW! This one has made me really sad. I really liked the couple that left and they were really improving every week. This just proves that NOBODY is safe and votes really matter. #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing." @slinehan1 added: "WHAT?! I'M FLOORED!! This has fully p***ed me off actually."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.