By
Thom Donovan
When Bruno Mars plotted the follow-up to Doo-Wops & Hooligans, he wanted the new album to reflect his dynamic live performances.
It’s interesting to return to 2012. The Hawaiian singer born Peter Hernandez still had much to prove. On his debut, he felt pressure from his record label. They didn’t understand how or why he hopped across multiple genres. Since then, Mars has proved the label bosses wrong and become one of the most successful pop acts in the world.
“Just the Way You Are” and “Grenade” may have introduced him to the world. But Unorthodox Jukebox defined the kind of artist and producer he wanted to be. It didn’t matter how many categories of music he cycled through. Mars had become a genre all his own.
His piano hit, “When I Was Your Man,” proved he didn’t need all the production, either. On it, Mars despairs over the one that got away using a Beatlesque piano and soulful voice.
A pop superstar may have everything, but even the biggest successes aren’t immune to heartbreak. In “When I Was Your Man,” Mars laments losing his partner to another man. He’s haunted by selfishness and the futility of trying to apologize now.
Same bed, but it feels just a little bit bigger nowOur song on the radio, but it don’t sound the sameWhen our friends talk about you, all it does is just tear me down’Cause my heart breaks a little when I hear your name
The chorus lists regrets. There were countless chances missed. It’s the price paid for taking someone for granted, thinking they’ll reliably be there until they’re not. Mars sees what’s obvious in hindsight, but it’s too late. She’s already moved on.
That I should’ve bought you flowersAnd held your handShoulda gave you all my hoursWhen I had the chanceTake you to every party’Cause all you wanted to do was danceNow my baby’s dancingBut she’s dancing with another man
Mars wrote “When I Was Your Man” with Philip Lawrence, Ari Levine, and Andrew Wyatt. The Smeezingtons—Mars, Lawrence, and Levine—produced the track.
Though upbeat hits like “Treasure” and “Locked Out of Heaven” fill Unorthodox Jukebox, Mars’ raw confessional became a musical detour and highlight of his second album.
“When we started the record, I was like, ‘I’m never singing another ballad again,’ but that came from the gut —it’s the most honest, real thing I’ve ever sang,” Mars said to Rolling Stone.
It’s a stark recording, with only a piano and voice. The mix’s warmth sounds like it’s of another generation. Still, Mars has the rare gift of sounding like a singer from the past while also being thoroughly modern. On any given song, you can hear the doo-wop of Little Anthony evolving into the stadium pop of Michael Jackson.
Though Mars called his album Unorthodox Jukebox, the album is anything but by today’s standards. It’s not uncommon to find pop albums moving across genres and eras of music. And his chart-topping career rests atop pop music’s mined history. Yet when a Bruno Mars song lands—whether he’s the main or featured artist—he’s instantly recognizable.
“When I Was Your Man” follows a similar pattern. However, it does end with a twist.
The final chorus flips, with Mars wishing the best for his ex’s new relationship. He hopes the new guy doesn’t repeat his mistakes.
I hope he buys you flowersI hope he holds your handGive you all his hoursWhen he has the chanceTake you to every party’Cause I remember how much you love to danceDo all the things I should’ve doneWhen I was your man
Photo by John Shearer/WireImage
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Love Ann Live: Heart’s Ann Wilson and Her Solo Band Tripsitter Releasing 2023 Concert on Blu-ray, Digital Video
3 Iconic Country Albums Not Recorded in Nashville
2 Surprising Albums That Inspired Maynard James Keenan of Tool

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand