The critically acclaimed artist also provided details about his upcoming 'Malibu' tour. 

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Anderson .Paak has given fans an answer regarding a potential follow-up to Silk Sonic’s debut album—but of course, he’s playing it cool. 

	During a conversation with VIBE regarding his newest campaign with Jameson, the critically acclaimed musician shared an update regarding SS2. Amid a backdrop of devoted fans speculating online when Bruno Mars would release the colloquially named album BM4, Anderson finally answered when the duo’s sophomore LP could arrive: “Only time will tell!” So, fans, take that as you will—we really tried!

	As for Jameson, .Paak linked up with the company during the first year of the Irish Whiskey Distilled Sounds campaign. The endeavor is detailed as “a new music program that brings a lineup of artists from across the world together to create and perform new music for fans.” Anderson will serve as the “inaugural Jameson Music Distiller” as he collaborates with 20 artists worldwide, including countries like India, USA, Malaysia, South Africa, and more. Anderson and the rest of the artists are set to gather at the Jameson Sound Distillery in Cork, Ireland, in August.

	









‼️‼️THEORY ALERT ‼️‼️We might be getting Silk Sonic somewhere around August‼️There’s rumors of Bruno Mars releasing a solo album around August ‼️Fortnite could potentially Release the skins to promote his new album or make a new skin for Bruno ‼️What do you think ❓ pic.twitter.com/vrXdsh8RZh

	Speaking to the ambitious undertaking, the Grammy award-winning artist explained why he decided to partner with Jameson. “I’m big on collaboration, and it’s been a big part of my artistic journey. That was one of the things that spoke to me when connecting with Jameson,” he expressed. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Wait, Are Mariah Carey And Anderson .Paak Really Dating??		
			







	“I’ve learned a lot in the time that I’ve spent in the music business and just coming up in LA and working on my craft. So, to be able to pass any jewels that I may have down to the young musicians and artists with this platform—I think that’s what I’m most excited about. I’m going in with an open mind and an open heart.”

	Elsewhere in the conversation, Anderson. Paak dished on his upcoming Malibu tour, celebrating the album’s eighth anniversary. Announced back in June, the musician is set to play the album in its entirety during the planned shows set to begin on Wednesday (Sept. 18) at the Hayden Homes Amphitheater in Bend, OR. .Paak explained why it was time to return back to the road with his fan-favorite LP, saying, “I felt like it was a good time to give something like a gift to the fans. I’ve been doing a lot of different things—side quests with DJ Pee .Wee, Silk Sonic, NxWorries, my movie career. So this is something I feel like can kind of go back to our foundation.”

	“This is a special album that means a lot to me and my fans. While we work on whatever’s next, I wanted to be able to give back and really do something for the fans and something that could be fun for the outdoors,” he enthusiastically detailed. “We’ve never gotten to play the full album straight through, and I think there’s no greater time but now, especially since I’ve been doing all kinds of other things. It’s cool to go back to Anderson .Paak, where a lot of people discovered us.”

	










	Fans can scoop tickets for the Malibu Tour here while supplies last.

	Watch the trailer for Anderson. Paak’s newest campaign with Jameson above.
A post shared by .Paaky-Bara (@anderson._paak)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.