Click here to sign in with
                  


                  or
                  





Forget Password?


Learn more

share this!
10
Tweet
Share
Email

														June 6, 2024
														
													

														This article has been reviewed according to Science X's 
														editorial process
														and policies.
														Editors have highlighted
														the following attributes while ensuring the content's credibility:
													

 fact-checked
															

 trusted source
															

 written by researcher(s)
															

 proofread
															

										 by Tony Milligan, 										 										 The Conversation

Over the past decade, a new form of skepticism about human activities in space has emerged. It seems to be based exclusively in the western world, and centered around the idea that increasingly ambitious space plans will damage humanity and neglect the Earth.
In China, things are different, but this will likely change eventually. Our best data, a survey published in 2020 by Lincoln Hines, shows remarkably high levels of support for space programs in China. This is in spite of the costs, the occasional debris falling from the sky and memory of the deadly Xichang Disaster in 1996 when a Long March 3B heavy carrier crashed into a nearby residential complex.
So what does all this mean for the future of space exploration?
Western skepticism about human activities in outer space isn't actually new. There were space skeptics before there were even astronauts. In January 1920, the New York Times ridiculed the pioneer rocket scientist Robert H. Goddard for not "realizing" that rockets would have nothing to push against in space and would therefore be immobile.
Once there were astronauts, new predictions of failure emerged. As soon as the existence of the Van Allen radiation belts was confirmed in 1958, skeptics argued these areas of radiation would kill anyone foolish enough to fly to the moon. This is a claim still repeated by conspiracy theorists who deny the moon landings.
There were also political concerns. Civil rights protesters demonstrated at the gates of the launch site for Apollo 11 in 1969, because the funds could have gone to tackle poverty in the inner cities. The African-American civil rights activist Malcolm X also dismissed the attitude of black supporters of the space program during his own down to Earth speech in 1963.
Things are seriously heating up now though. The new era of space skepticism is at its core anti-elite. This is hardly surprising given a widespread cost-of-living crisis, and the fact that billionaires such as Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are among those most vocal about the benefits of exploring, mining and colonizing space. Musk's decision to launch a Tesla roadster to space was met with criticism from many people, including scientists.
There are other concerns too. Many scientists are worried about a rising amount of satellites and space debris blocking the sky, and that sending objects to space that could contaminate alien worlds.
There are also concerns about the environmental impact of focusing so much attention away from our own world. In 2021, Greta Thunberg and the environmentalist group Fridays for Future published a mock advert (see below) in which they recommended that "the 1%" move to "Mars, an untainted planet." This was followed the words "For the 99% who will stay on Earth, we'd better fix climate change."
The advert conveyed a sense that the billionaire elite have no special attachment to our shared planet.
Academic scholars have also raised concerns. The book Dark Skies by political scientist Daniel Deudney argued for a centuries-long postponement of space ambitions. And the philosopher Bruno Latour's more populist analysis Down to Earth says we need to learn new ways to inhabit the Earth and to focus our attention here.

        Discover the latest in science, tech, and space with over 100,000 subscribers who rely on Phys.org for daily insights.
        Sign up for our free newsletter and get updates on breakthroughs,
        innovations, and research that matter—daily or weekly.
    
This new space skepticism movement also aspires to link up with the cause of indigenous peoples. In January 2024, there were protests from the Navajo nation about landing human remains on the moon as part of the Peregrine mission, a place they consider sacred.
Their argument is increasingly being supported by space skeptics and others. Linda Billings, a Nasa consultant who is rare among space insiders for her opposition view that space expansion is neoliberal ideology, believes that the Peregrine incident is part of a broader pattern: most space activities benefit the few and are not a "benefit to humanity."
There is already a pattern of dissent at many launch sites, such as the European Space Agency's site in "French Guiana, which was subject to a blockade by protesters in 2017 concerned about wage issues, privatization and the French government's behavior in general.
In Europe, in 2021, indigenous Sami reindeer herders in Sweden protested against the launch of a balloon linked to a US-led project for climate manipulation. The launch site of Esrange near Kiruna is an area of important resources for the Sami reindeer herders who pass through it, periodically taking shelter when the launch siren goes off.
Accidents can and do happen. In April 2023, a rocket due to land in Sweden crashed down in the mountains of Norway.
So far, indigenous complaints remain focused upon particular issues, rather than being critical of space expansion per se. And overall, indigenous attitudes towards space are varied and not uniformly hostile. But a rising number of problems could easily encourage a broader skepticism across indigenous communities.
It seems it will be hard to stop space expansion though. In the Peregrine case, even a last-minute meeting at the White House failed to convince Nasa. The launch went ahead, but then failed due to propellant leak and was eventually redirected back to Earth.
Going forward, individual missions might be delayed for one reason or another, but expansion will still occur. However, even if it fails in its primary goal, the spread of skepticism could still result in a deepening polarization of attitudes about space. At some point, it almost certainly will feed into the main lines of political dissent.
Ultimately, an increasing minority of people see space expansion as an elite pastime. They also see indigenous unease as an indication that we can either care for the Earth or look towards space—but not both. This zero sum game of attending to either Earth or to space has a simplicity that is appealing to many. But it is a false dilemma.
Much of what we know about global warming is the result of linking up research from space with research on Earth. For example, Venus has suffered its own catastrophic climate change. And the cosmologies of many indigenous peoples paint an integrated view of Earth and space.
We need this. A return to a less isolated view of Earth, coupled with advances in science and technology for the good of humankind. Some people who are super rich may also become richer in the process, but this has been an inconvenient side effect of almost all human progress from improved health care through to civil rights, mobile phones and the internet. Harming ourselves in order to spite elites is not a recipe for a better world. Expansion into space is no different, even if it offers a unique opportunity to apply lessons from Earth to find sustainable ways of exploring space that are respectful to our planet and our people—as well as to alien worlds.

													Provided by
																											The Conversation







This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.

This article is republished from The Conversation under a Creative Commons license. Read the original article.
Explore further
Facebook
Twitter
Email
 Feedback to editors
9 hours ago
0
11 hours ago
0
11 hours ago
0
May 2, 2025
0
May 2, 2025
0
3 minutes ago
23 minutes ago
8 hours ago
9 hours ago
11 hours ago
11 hours ago
May 2, 2025
May 2, 2025
May 2, 2025
May 2, 2025
Apr 29, 2025
Apr 28, 2025
Apr 26, 2025
Apr 25, 2025
Apr 24, 2025
Apr 24, 2025

							More from Astronomy and Astrophysics

Apr 30, 2024
Jan 22, 2024
Dec 20, 2023
Nov 6, 2023
Jun 5, 2019
Feb 21, 2022
Apr 29, 2025
Apr 22, 2025
Apr 20, 2025
Apr 18, 2025
Apr 15, 2025
Apr 9, 2025


								This summary was automatically generated using LLM. 
								Full disclaimer



											Use this form if you have come across a typo, inaccuracy or would like to send an edit request for the content on this page.
											For general inquiries, please use our  contact form.
											For general feedback, use the public comments section below (please adhere to guidelines).
										
Please select the most appropriate category to facilitate processing of your request
Thank you for taking time to provide your feedback to the editors.
Your feedback is important to us. However, we do not guarantee individual replies due to the high volume of messages. 

                                            Your email address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the email. Neither your address nor the recipient's address will be used for any other purpose.
											The information you enter will appear in your e-mail message and is not retained by Phys.org in any form. 
                                        

					Get weekly and/or daily updates delivered to your inbox.
					You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details to third parties.
				

More information
Privacy policy


                    We keep our content available to everyone.
                    Consider supporting Science X's mission by getting a premium account.
				
Medical research advances and health news
The latest engineering, electronics and technology advances
The most comprehensive sci-tech news coverage on the web