The Grammy winner is set to open Intuit Dome with back-to-back concerts on Thursday, Aug. 15, and Friday, Aug. 16. Here's where to find last-minute tickets online.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Bruno Mars is set to take the stage for the grand opening of Intuit Dome in Inglewood, Calif., on Thursday (Aug. 15).

	The 15-time Grammy winner will perform back-to-back shows at the venue on Thursday and Friday. Tickets sold out months ago, but if you didn’t get a chance to snag yours, there’s still time to score passes.

	Where can you find the cheapest concert tickets online? Vivid Seats, StubHub, TicketNetwork and Seat Geek offer tickets at affordable rates.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Bruno Mars		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Keep reading for a rundown of ticket prices.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Securing a ticket to opening night at Intuit Dome doesn’t come cheap, but it’s worth it to be among the first fans to set foot in the massive venue. The cheapest prices that we’ve seen range from $372 at StubHub and $347 at TicketSmarter, which is relatively low compared to some of the other sites.

	










	Tickets at Vivid Seats, TicketNetwork and SeatGeek start at approximately $428, although most tickets are priced well over $500. At Ticketmaster, for example, prices start at $524 for Thursday’s show and more than $600 for Friday.

	The more expensive seats can cost between $2,000 to more than $3,000. 

	No matter where you sit, it feels nice to save money on concert tickets. Use code Billboard150 to save $150 off $300 at TicketNetwork (code: BILLBOARD300 saves you $300 off when you spend at least $1,000).

	Intuit Dome, the Los Angeles Clippers’ home arena located blocks away from SoFi Stadium and the Kia Forum, offers an “intimate viewing experience,” with seats hovering over the floor so that fans get a closer, more “immersive” viewing experience. The 18,000-capacity Dome, which took nearly four years to build, has an 80,000-square-foot outdoor plaza with a 5,000-square-foot retail store, the largest outdoor LED screen in Los Angeles, plus three bars and restaurants.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.