ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 07: Rosé from BLACKPINK attends the RIMOWA "Seit 1898" 125th ... More Anniversary Exhibition at Chelsea Factory on September 07, 2023 in New York City. Blackpink singer Rosé debuts her latest solo single "Apt." with Bruno Mars at No. 8 on the Hot 100, making history with her first top 10 smash. (Photo by Steven Ferdman/Getty Images)
In October alone, three of the four singers that make up the group Blackpink have released solo singles. Only Jisoo is not currently pushing new work to the public, but Lisa, Jennie, and Rosé have all dropped tunes on their own in the span of just a few weeks. Almost everything these women have shared has become commercially successful, but the latest cut from the last musician on that list helps the star behind it manage a feat on the charts that’s never been seen before.
Rosé’s new single “Apt.” debuts at No. 8 on the Hot 100 this week. The tune is the first from a South Korean solo female musician to break into the top 10 on Billboard’s list of the most-consumed songs in the U.S.
“Apt.” was likely always destined to perform well, as Rosé is hugely popular—both as part of Blackpink and on her own. The single does benefit from the inclusion of another superstar, and his presence likely played a big role in making the tune the immediate smash it has become.
Bruno Mars is credited as a featured artist on “Apt.,” and he also enjoys the spoils of the tune’s success. The Rosé collaboration marks his milestone twentieth top 10 hit on the Hot 100. He’s earned all of those smashes since 2010, when he first found himself sitting between Nos. 1 and 10.
“Apt.” now holds as the highest-rising song by any South Korean female act in U.S. history. It certainly beats the No. 51 peak that “One of the Girls” by The Weeknd, Lily Rose Depp, and fellow Blacpink member Jennie climbed to last year.
Before “One of the Girls” was written and recorded for The Weeknd’s TV show The Idol, Rosé already claimed the loftiest placement of all time on the Hot 100, when looking only at solo female artists who are traditionally known for their K-pop output. Her track “On the Ground” danced its way to No. 70 on the chart in 2021, and it owned that record for several years.
“Apt.” is the first single from Rosé’s debut solo album, Rosie, which is expected to arrive in December. With one top 10 smash already featured on its tracklist, and plenty of time to release more singles before the full-length’s street date arrives, Rosé may be headed for more Billboard firsts in the coming months.