MATTOON — The Mattoon High School choir sang a final farewell to the recent Christmas season on Wednesday while also giving a Bruno Mars-themed preview of its spring concert.
More than 20 student vocalists from the choir presented this performance during a meeting of the Mattoon Kiwanis Club in the banquet room of the Honey Bee Cafe. They were led by the school's vocal music director, Zach Smith. He who took over the role following the spring 2022 retirement of his former teacher Angi Dallas from this post.
Kiwanis typically hosts the high school or Mattoon Middle School choir every Christmas season. Smith said he and his choir were unable to attend one of the club's meetings before winter break, but they still wanted to share some holiday tunes with them before the new spring semester goes on much further.
Consequently, the choir began Wednesday's show with "Walking in a Winter Wonderland," "I'll be Home for Christmas," "Santa Claus is Coming to Town" and "Sleighride" followed by a wintry medley of songs from Disney's "Frozen."
The choir performs in the banquet room.
Sophomore Natasha Carter said afterward that her favorite of those songs was "Sleigh Ride" because she got to play actual sleigh bells. Fellow vocalist Veronica Vail punctuated this song by playing the slapstick, also known as a clapper.
Natasha said she usually prefers singing traditional choir music but also enjoys the Bruno Mars medley that they sang on Wednesday, during which she and Vail dueted on "Billionaire." The choir has the medley of this pop star's hits and other music in the works for its annual spring concert at 7 p.m. May 7 in the high school's cafeteria.
"We have some really good songs that we will be doing," Carter said.
The choir's performance of "The Lazy Song" by Bruno Mars also featured solos by student vocalists Parker Spear and Chaya Haslett, who are both performers at The Little Theatre on the Square in Sullivan.
Parker Spear and Chaya Haslett, in front of the keyboard, perform solos in a Bruno Mars medley as part of the Mattoon High School choir's performance for the Mattoon Kiwanis Club on Wednesday at the Honey Bee Cafe. The choir performed under the direction of vocal music director Zach Smith, at the keyboard.
Smith, who also runs the sound board and directs the children's program at the Little Theatre, said he enjoys getting to work with many of his Mattoon students at this professional performance venue.
"I love both of my jobs," Smith said as he invited Kiwanis Club members to bring their families to the Little Theatre's April 19-21 production of "The Lion King Jr."
Club member Greg Thompson said he remembers Smith being part of the middle school choir that performed approximately a decade ago at the annual Kiwanis Pancake breakfast, which is set for 7 a.m.-12:30 p.m. March 2 this year at the school, and was glad to see him again as vocal music director.
"Thank you all for being here. We enjoyed it very much," said Janett Winter-Black after she and her fellow Kiwanis Club members gave a standing ovation following the performance by Smith and his high school choir.
Fallyn Jones, 3, picks up candy during Mattoon High School's homecoming parade down Broadway Avenue on Wednesday.
Miss Bagelfest Queen Hadlee Barr throws out candy and waves during Mattoon High School's homecoming parade down Broadway Avenue on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School FFA Chapter rides on their "Fishing in the Dark" float during the homecoming parade down Broadway Avenue on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School Class of 1973 rides on the float for their 50-year reunion during the homecoming parade down Broadway Avenue on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School Pride of the Green Wave Marching Band marches down Broadway Avenue during the homecoming parade on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
The Mattoon High School homecoming parade advances down Broadway Avenue in downtown Mattoon on Wednesday.
Contact Rob Stroud at (217) 238-6861.
Get our local education coverage delivered directly to your inbox.
Reporter
The Mattoon Area Family YMCA plans to develop an outdoor recreation space this spring on its adjacent field between 15th and 16th streets, nex…
Carlos Ortega has served as the executive director of the Elevate entrepreneur center in Mattoon since its inception in 2019.
Following his retirement on Feb. 9, Tom Porter has arranged for Caliber Collision to take over ownership and operation of his Porter Auto Body…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.