The ten remaining stars of Strictly Come Dancing have revealed the huge battle they had on their hands as they tried to decide which musical hero they wanted to honour during the inaugural Icons Week.
Bosses have introduced tonight’s themed extravaganza to mark the show’s 20th anniversary. And while some knew instantly which rock or pop legend they wanted to perform to, others wrestled with the decision. Bookies’ favourite to lift the glitterball trophy Chris McCausland will tango to Rock and Roll All Nite by KISS with his partner Dianne Buswell, but reckons he’d have been just as happy emulating the late Kurt Cobain.
“I think I could talk for hours about MTV Unplugged by Nirvana and every decision that was made in making that,” he says. “It’s an example of how to put yourself hugely out of your comfort zone and into something new, challenging and risky. They went against what MTV wanted them to play and did the songs that you only knew if you were a mega fan. Every decision they made proved to be right. It just shows that the creative people know best about their own vision.”
But he’s equally passionate about Gene Simmons and KISS. “They've been going since the 70s, so they’ve had 50 years at the top of their game. They had the makeup, the costumes, an image that people loved and then the music was brilliant. Fifty years later, they're still a big thing. That's iconic, isn’t it?”
JB Gill went for a medley of Bruno Mars numbers for his couple’s choice dance - which he’d selected with partner Amy Dowden before she was taken ill last week (he’ll dance with stand-in Lauren Oakley). Amy is resting this weekend but says she’d have also loved a Spice Girls number, having always been inspired by Emma Bunton. “Baby Spice, I was always her when I was growing up.” He says Justin Timberlake was also a huge influence on him - but when it comes to Bruno he’s in awe. “Bruno Mars has carved out his own niche in the music industry – he’s brought funk into pop music, and I admire how hard he works. It’s going to be a lot of fun.”
Gladiator Montell Douglas will dance a waltz to Whitney Houston’s I Will Always Love You and says she was absolutely spoilt for choice. “There are so many music legends that have inspired my life, I love a strong female lead, I love 2000s pop where you have people like Christina Aguilera, R&B we have Mariah Carey, another superstar is Lauryn Hill - just absolute queens. They’ve definitely inspired me because they were all true to themselves no matter what, and that is something that I think everyone hopes to be.”
She is thrilled to be dancing to Whitney and hopes to capture her “beauty and her grace”. Montell explains: ”She was a global superstar and she had a lot of humility about her, she was for everyone and I always felt a beautiful warmth about her.” Her partner Johannes Radebe will get to channel his inner Beyonce by performing as her alter ego Sasha Fierce in a group dance with the other pros to a medley of her biggest hits.
TOWIE star Pete Wicks will not hold back as he transforms into Freddie Mercury for his salsa with Jowita Przystal to Queen’s Another One Bites the Dust. But he says Tina Turner was also in the running. “She was my Gran’s favourite and she loved her. Also the Rolling Stones, you don’t even have to say their name, you just know them from their logo.” Of Freddie, he’s a big fan. “Who doesn't know Freddie Mercury? And when you think of him, you think of Live Aid, which is probably the most iconic performance of anyone in the world.”
Thanks to her character in Miranda, Sarah Hadland might be expected to perform her Cha Cha with Vito Coppola to a song by M People’s Heather Small, but instead she picked Madonna’s Like a Prayer. “When Madonna brought an album out it was always completely different, it was always a massive deal because she is an icon,” Sarah says. “I think she started that kind of cult thing of the reinvention to extend the career which people try and emulate now. She’s just incredible.”
EastEnders actor Jamie Borthwick will be breaking out his designer stubble to channel George Michael for his samba with Michelle Tsiakkas - calling him an “absolute legend” but says it was a close call between the Wham star and Eric Clapton. He calls George "an absolute legend” however, adding that he’s “someone that has something worth remembering”. Michelle says she is very happy they are dancing to his much-loved song Faith. “I’m a huge fan, and since we’re both half Cypriot, I feel like we’re practically related.”
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaz Skorjanec will dance their couple’s choice to What About Us by P!nk. Tasha says it was a close run thing because she also loves Chris Martin from Coldplay. But P!nk won out because that particular song has helped Tasha, who is deaf, through tricky times in the past. “When I was on Love Island, there was a lot of ableism and it’s the one song I listened to when I came out the show to power me through. It has a very special place in my heart.”
Opera singer Wynne Evans has chosen Shirley Bassey as his ultimate icon, picking her over the late Pavarotti, who he worked with. On choosing Shirley’s This is My Life for their rumba, he says: “I wanted somebody who had a very normal upbringing, like me, a very normal life. I’ve met her a few times. She’s brilliant.” His partner Katya Jones also loves the Welsh wonder. “I think the song will connect with a lot of people. She sings it with such passion and there will be a little surprise for everyone as well. I’m so excited.”
Sam Quek is a passionate fan of Taylor Swift and will perform her American smooth with Nikita Kuzmin to Love Story (Taylor’s Version). But coming from Liverpool she says it was hard not to choose a song by The Beatles, who have inspired her throughout her life. “I grew up with The Beatles. They are iconic, obviously with where I'm from, the songs and what they mean to my family. There’s a song for every memory growing up.” On Taylor she says: “She’s been through so much and been publicly humiliated. She started from the bottom, with a little stage in a park with 20 people watching and she had setbacks but she kept going. We’re similar ages so I can relate to Taylor Swift.”
Sam may be jealous however when she discovers that Shayne Ward is actually going to Quickstep with Nancy Xu to the Fab Four’s Help! Shayne says his big musical influences are also Elvis Presley, Patsy Kline and The Bee Gees - but he’s very happy to be dancing to The Beatles. “Iconic to me is loved,” he says. “You become an icon when you’re so popular and everyone loves you.”
- Strictly Come Dancing, BBC1, Saturday, 6.30pm
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.