Strictly Come Dancing fans have pinpointed the champion of the 2024 series - and it's not current favourites Chris McCausland or Tasha Ghouri.
Saturday (November 2) was another dazzling night in the ballroom, marking a first for the BBC One dance contest. In honour of its 20th anniversary, Strictly unveiled a new themed week.
The newly launched 'Icons Week' saw the remaining 10 celebrities and their professional dance partners take to the dance floor to perform a routine set to a track from a famous singer or band, including George Michael, Madonna, The Beatles and Bruno Mars.
JLS star JB Gill and stand-in professional partner Lauren Oakley achieved the joint-top score of the evening while JB's regular partner, Amy Dowden, watched from the studio.
Amy, the Welsh pro, missed last Sunday's results show after being taken to Barnet Hospital from the BBC One show's production centre, Elstree Studios, as a "precaution" when she began "feeling unwell" following their Halloween special performance, reports the Express.
Lauren, who doesn't have a partner for this year's series of the BBC dancing show, stepped in for her, performing a Bruno Mars medley with JB during the latest live show. The pair bagged a score of 39 out of a possible 40, his highest score of the series and first-ever 10s.
Reality TV star Tasha Ghouri and her dance partner Aljaz Skorjanec impressed the audience with their performance to P!nk's 'What About Us', scoring a series high of 39 points. Judge Anton Du Beke praised Tasha, saying, "I didn't notice Aljaz once, you were exquisite, you made it personal and just lovely."
Aljaz graciously accepted the compliment.
Meanwhile, former Olympian Sam Quek and her dance partner Nikita Kuzmin earned 29 points for their American Smooth to Taylor Swift's 'Love Story'. Comedian Chris McCausland and his partner Dianne Buswell also scored 29 with their tango set to Kiss's 'Rock And Roll All Nite'.
However, it was actress Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola who truly captivated everyone, achieving an outstanding 37 out of 40 for their cha cha to Madonna's iconic 'Just Like A Prayer', with Sarah embodying the pop legend herself.
Dressed as Tina Turner for the themed night, Judge Motsi Mabuse lavished praise on Sarah and Vito. "This was iconic, whole package made sense, tight steps, on-point and rhythmical, rolling like Tina," she enthused.
As the competition crossed its midpoint, fans of Strictly Come Dancing are already tipping Sarah and Vito as the potential winners for 2024. Fan @Daniel_Bevis expressed his support on Twitter: "Fab again from Sarah and Vito! I think they're our 2024 winners guys #Strictly."
Meanwhile, @BRATTYBARBl tweeted with excitement: "Sarah Hadland truly deserves to win this series... she's a bloody insane dancer #Strictly." Just as captivated, @SeaThundr proclaimed: "Sarah Hadland is winning this. Icon. Legend. #Strictly #StrictlyComeDancing."
Strictly Come Dancing: The Results will air on BBC One at 7.20pm on Sunday
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.