Both artists' longest-charting Hot 100 hits to date are collaborations.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	“Die With a Smile,” which enters the Billboard Hot 100 at No. 3 this week, is the 14th collaboration involving Lady Gaga and/or Bruno Mars to reach the top 10 on Billboard’s flagship singles chart.

	The honor roll of their past collabs includes an Oscar winner for best original song (“Shallow” by Gaga & Bradley Cooper) and two Grammy winners for record of the year (“Uptown Funk!” by Mark Ronson featuring Mars and “Leave the Door Open” by Silk Sonic – a.k.a. Mars and Anderson .Paak).

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Mars’ longest-charting Hot 100 hit to date, “Uptown Funk!” (56 weeks), is a collaboration. Likewise, Gaga’s two longest-charting hits to date, “Just Dance” featuring Colby O’Donis (49 weeks) and “Shallow” (45 weeks) are collabs.

	Their collaborators on these top 10 hits include some of the biggest stars of our time (Beyoncé, Ariana Grande, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg) and a few artists whose time in the pop spotlight was comparatively brief (O’Donis, Travie McCoy, B.o.B).

	Mars and Cardi B have teamed for two top 10 hits: “Finesse” and “Please Me.” Mars has also had two top 10 hits as half of Silk Sonic. Gaga has yet to land a second top 10 hit with any of her collab partners, though she and Beyoncé, her partner on the No. 3-peaking “Telephone,” landed a second Hot 100 hit, “Video Phone” (which reached No. 65).

	Here’s a list of all collaborations involving Gaga and/or Mars that have reached the top 10. The songs are listed in alphabetical order by title. The year shown is the year they peaked on the Hot 100. Now it’s over to you: Which is your personal favorite?

What’s your favorite Hot 100 top 10 collab by Lady Gaga or Bruno Mars?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.