By 

	Jon Blistein


Lady Gaga gets emotional while discussing the creation and success of “Die With a Smile” — her hit collaboration with Bruno Mars — in this bonus clip from Gaga’s recent episode of Rolling Stone’s “The Breakdown.” 

	“I’m just so grateful to have made ‘Die With a Smile’ with Bruno,” Gaga says of the song, which was released in August. “He is the most wonderful artist. He is so kind and generous. One of my favorite things about working with him on this song was, he wanted me to be myself. You pray that if you work with someone as legendary and incredible as Bruno Mars that they’re going to be as amazing as you thought they were — and he totally is.” 

	When asked about “Die With a Smile” crossing the 1 billion stream marker, Gaga quipped, “I’m sorry to cry,” and later said, “I can’t believe it has a billion streams. It doesn’t get old… You give the people what they want, and I’m in the business of making people smile. So if a record makes somebody smile, I’m happy.”

	










	Gaga’s appearance on “The Breakdown” primarily centered around her latest solo single “Disease,” which is slated to appear on her upcoming seventh album. Gaga said much of the album was inspired by ideas of chaos, especially, as she put it, “in all of the ways we try to analyze ourselves.” 

	“Disease,” she said, “was the beginning of that,” adding, “It started with this little voice on my shoulder saying ‘there’s no more tears to cry, I heard you begging for life,’ and that uncomfortable feeling that we can sometimes have when the voice in our head is not pleasant.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Gaga has yet to share any further details on LG7, including a release date or an official title. The album will follow her 2020 solo LP, Chromatica, as well as her second collaborative project with Tony Bennett, 2021’s Love for Sale, and Harlequin, the companion album she made for Joker: Folie à Deux.

	Along with prepping her next album, Gaga was just announced as a headliner for Coachella 2025, and — as expected — appears to be planning something massive. “I have long dreamed of throwing a massive night of chaos in the desert,” Gaga recently wrote on Instagram. “I’ve had a vision I’ve never been able to fully realize at Coachella for reasons beyond our control but I wanted to come through for music fans.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.