The superstar musician has previously said he is bolstering his presence in Las Vegas by buying a home here and working on other projects.
Bruno Mars has promised more activity in Las Vegas, including a move to the city. He’s following through, expanding his residency at Dolby Live with six shows running Dec. 18, 20-21; 27; and 30-31.
The added dates go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday at ticketmaster.com.
Mars is back on stage Aug. 20 for his next set of seven shows at the Park MGM venue. This is Mars’ seventh year at Dolby Live, previously Park Theater.
He is rumored to be releasing a new single, “Die With a Smile,” with Lady Gaga. The title hints at Gaga’s role in the film “Joker: Folie à Deux,” due for release Labor Day Weekend.
Lady Gaga all but confirmed the two are working together, posting a clip of her playing a short piano piece while wearing a Mars T-shirt. She flashes the peace sign at the start.
Mars continues to serve as the celebrity brand and co-operator of The Pinky Ring at Bellagio. In June, Mars said he’s bolstering his presence in Las Vegas by buying a home here and working on other projects, including a stage show that opened in 2017.
“I’ve got a lot of plans, especially in regards to Vegas, and I’m just getting started,” the 38-year-old superstar said. “That’s what I’ve got to say, OK? Just wait to see what I do next.”
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP