Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 2)
 like !! its not like were ALWAYS right about aoty, anything is possible
Come on can we stop this they won’t give it to her or any black females we need to accept it. Now hell no to a country album yall remember daddy lessons
Country is a field that hasn’t done well in the general field. And I doubt that too many Country voters will care for Beyoncé over their heavy favorites Kacey Musgraves and Chris Stapleton.  And if this is a Country album through and through, it might be divisive amongst her core voters (R&B/Hip Hop). Then add in all of the possibilities from Billie Eilish, Bruno Mars and Taylor Swift. It is NOT wrong to be skeptical about that.
We know year 2024 in music is now chaotic insane.
Migs
Here’s what else we need to consider: 
There’s no way country voters will embrace a black woman in their categories. They nominated Mickey Guyton a couple years ago, but gave her nothing. 
This is also the same genre that only nominated Darius Rucker once (albeit, gave him the win nonetheless), and only awarded Charley Pride once.
There is no way they will embrace Beyonce
If Beyoncé were smart she would submit to Americana instead of Country. Firstly, they are far more progressive over there. Brandi Carlile and her clique of lesbians (positive) win all the time. Secondly, they do far better in the GF than country recently.
But Beyoncé’s biggest hurdle will be R&B being alienated by this sound. R&B voters have shown time and time again that they do not namecheck and do actually care about the music. If there is even another R&B act nominated in AOTY they would pick that person over a country Beyoncé album.
I think voters will ultimately vote for music they like from someone they think had a big year. I don’t think they’ll strictly vote for someone from their genre.
If Beyoncé has a good year, and pop voters like Act 2, they’ll probably vote for her over Taylor Swift. They’ve shown they don’t like Taylor that much.
As for Billie, we don’t even know if she’ll release this year.
Another boring season with the same 8-10 acts in contention. We’re just missing Carlile, Coldplay and H.E.R. I’m starting to miss the BRP lol
Bruno Mars might drop new album after the 2025 Grammys eligibility period. Same goes to Billie despite she will drop the lead single by April
Migs
Another boring season with the same 8-10 acts in contention. We’re just missing Carlile, Coldplay and H.E.R. I’m starting to miss the BRP lol
Missing the BRP, but mentioning folks who have gotten in during and after the BRP…
Beyoncé is not winning, but the chance will be higher than with Renaissance. She’ll be 100% nominated in AOTY and she’ll probably be the only country/americana act to be nominated. She’ll get votes from all that block (which is huge) and part of her stable r&b supporters.
Honey, Beyoncé in American Roots or Country… Get fucking real!
Beyoncé is not winning, but the chance will be higher than with Renaissance. She’ll be 100% nominated in AOTY and she’ll probably be the only country/americana act to be nominated. She’ll get votes from all that block (which is huge) and part of her stable r&b supporters. 
I’m trying to be realistic
Country will rally behind Taylor if no country big names get nominated
Americana will rally behind Taylor, Billie, Bruno or rock acts like Vampire Weekend if they get nominated
RnB will be divided between her and Bruno, and this is not a good news since vote splitting hurts her the most
I used to root for Bey (Lemonade and Ren) to win AOTY but I have learnt my lesson that Bey is not really universally loved by voters except when it comes to niche category.
Sexy, confident. So intelligent.
She is heaven-sent. So soft, so strong.
i don’t think country/americana voters would be very enthused about an artist who previously hasn’t focused on that kind of music.
recent country album winners: lainey wilson, willie nelson, chris stapleton, miranda lambert, tanya tucker, kacey musgraves, chris stapleton, sturgill simpson. no mainstream superstars just deciding to dabble in country.
first example i can think of for the reverse is garth brooks who decided to make a rock album and got 0 noms.
And which pop artist tried to switch to country music?
a google gave me:
https://www.rollingstone.com/music/music-country-lists/21-most-unexpected-rockers-to-go-country-14580/
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 2)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media