ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA - APRIL 03: Lady Gaga performs onstage during the 64th Annual GRAMMY Awards at MGM ... More Grand Garden Arena on April 03, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada. Lady Gaga joins Maroon 5, Taylor Swift, and Miley Cyrus as she and Bruno Mars push "Die with a Smile" to No. 1 on Billboard's Pop Airplay chart. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Lady Gaga is one of the most successful names in pop music history, and she’s far from done improving her legacy. The superstar has several new singles out now, and they’re all working their way up various Billboard charts. As her new dark, dance-pop tune “Disease” gets off to a fairly slow start, her most recent collaboration brings her back to the summit on one very competitive list.
“Die with a Smile” dances its way to No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart this week. The smash lifts from fifth place to the top spot on Billboard’s list of the most successful tracks at top 40 pop radio stations across the U.S.
Gaga earns her eighth No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart with her Bruno Mars duet, but it’s not the number of winners that’s most important this time around. What is particularly impressive is how long the Grammy and Oscar champion has been collecting leaders.
According to Billboard, Gaga is now just the fourth musical act to have reached No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart in the past three decades. She joins Miley Cyrus, Maroon 5, and Taylor Swift, who have all managed the same show of longevity on the tally.
Gaga just barely made it to the throne in the ‘00s, as she scored her first No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart in 2009. While she didn’t hit the peak position until the final year in the decade, the then-newcomer made up for lost time with a slew of behemoth singles.
Of Gaga’s eight No. 1s on the pop radio ranking, half of them reached the top spot in 2009 alone. She started the year right with “Just Dance” with Colby O’Donis, which was released in 2008 but didn’t rise to the peak until January 2009.
Gaga followed that first hit up with three more from her breakout album The Fame. “Poker Face,” “Paparazzi,” and “LoveGame,” her first four singles as a lead act, all danced their way to the summit on the Pop Airplay chart for a time.
She only managed another three No. 1s on the pop radio tally in the next decade. Both “Bad Romance” and “Telephone” with Beyoncé soared to the penthouse in 2010. The following year, “Born This Way” did the same. It would be 13 years before she reached the top again with her new collaboration.