90 years of expert advice and inspiration, for every couple.
Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)

Fans speculated that the duo recently called it quits after 13 years together. 
Christopher Polk / Staff / Getty Images
 Even though his music is often the favorite of couples on their wedding day, Bruno Mars himself has yet to tie the knot. However, the “Just the Way You Are,” singer was linked to Jessica Caban, a model and actress, for 13 years before allegedly calling it quits in early 2024. The two first crossed paths in 2011 at a New York City hotel. Here’s a complete timeline of their relationship.

 Ahead, we go through every crucial moment in Jessica Caban and Bruno Mars’ relationship together. 

 Mars and Caban first met at the restaurant at the Hotel on Rivington in New York City, according to Emily Herbert’s book on the singer. After spotting Caban sitting nearby, Mars reportedly approached her and struck up a conversation. The two later started dating.

 In 2012, Mars acted in a comedy sketch for Will Ferrell and Adam McKay’s “Funny or Die.” In the video, he poses as a superhero of sorts, saving women, dogs, and reportedly even goldfish from harm, according to Herbert. Caban made an appearance in the video, subsequently launching speculation about their relationship. As their relationship continued to progress over the next year, the model reportedly left her home of New York to live in Los Angeles with Mars, according to People. 

Lester Cohen / Contributor / Getty Images
 The duo attended the prestigious award ceremony together for the first time in 2014. Mars received four nominations that year, winning the Grammy for one: best pop vocal album. 

Larry Busacca / Staff / Getty Images
 Two years later, Caban and Mars attended the awards ceremony together again. Mars won the Grammy for record of the year and best pop duo/group performance for his song, “Uptown Funk” with Mark Ronson. 

 Even though the singer rarely spoke about his relationship with Caban, he disclosed the nature of their dynamic in a 2016 interview with Rolling Stone. When asked if the two planned on tying the knot anything soon, the singer reportedly responded with a laugh. “Jesus!,” he told the outlet. “She’s my best friend. My rock. What’s wrong with that? We’re just happy.” 

Kevin Winter / Staff / Getty Images
 After winning the Grammy for record of the year, Mars thanked Caban in his acceptance speech. “My lady, Jessica, I love you baby,” the singer said. “Thank you for being my rock and being on my side throughout this whole process.” Caban attended the awards show alongside Mars. 

 In an interview with The Sun, an anonymous friend of the couple disclosed that the two had been living apart—and reportedly spent the 2023 holiday season separately. “Bruno and Jessica barely spend time together anymore - it is really sad,” the source told the outlet. “They are living separate lives so it doesn’t bode well for their relationship. It feels like things are fizzling out between them. They have so much history together but we aren’t sure whether they will be able to save things this time.” 

 On Reddit’s “Bruno Mars” subreddit, fans speculated that the two are no longer together, especially since Caban appeared to recently delete all photos of Mars from her Instagram. “They've broken up since last year, unfortunately,” one person commented. “Ever since she started deleting their photos together on Instagram. (Yes, I'm aware that he's still liking her pictures, but her TikTok resposts imply to him as 'an ex'.)” However, neither Mars nor Caban has confirmed this.