Mars is set to enter his ninth year performing his residency in Las Vegas
The MGM Grand have denied that Bruno Mars reportedly owes the casino $50million (£39million) in gambling debt.
Mars is set to enter his ninth year performing a residency in Las Vegas, however earlier this week saw News Nation report that the singer is paying off his debts to MGM.
A “well-placed Vegas insider” reported that Mars “owes millions” to them from gambling, alleging the total comes close to $50milion. “(MGM) basically own him,” they added.
They went on to say that Mars apparently makes $90million off the deal he makes with the casino, but after paying off his debts and taxes, takes home $1.5million per night.
Now, MGM have responded to deny the claims.
“We’re proud of our relationship with Bruno Mars, one of the world’s most thrilling and dynamic performers,” said a spokesperson from the MGM Grand. “From his shows at Dolby Live at Park MGM to the new Pinky Ring lounge at Bellagio, Bruno’s brand of entertainment attracts visitors from around the globe.
“MGM and Bruno’s partnership is longstanding and rooted in mutual respect. Any speculation otherwise is completely false; he has no debt with MGM. Together, we are excited to continue creating unforgettable experiences for our guests.”
Bruno Mars – CREDIT: Getty
Mars last released music with with Anderson .Paak as Silk Sonic, whose debut album NME rated five stars: “On ‘An Evening With Silk Sonic’, the magic is in the way that the music moves: the songs are radiant and full of joy, formed from the synergy of two relentlessly creative minds.
“The album glows with appreciation for the simple but irreplaceable power of working alongside someone you trust and respect like no other — and it sounds as effortless and rewarding as an old friendship.”
In other news, Mars has teamed up with Fender to create his own signature Stratocaster. He said about the guitar: “I don’t think of myself as a guitar player. I’m more of a frustrated songwriter.
“Every song is like a puzzle you have to solve, and a good guitar can bring something out of you that can help take you to the finish line. That’s what I wanted from this guitar.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.