Alesha Dixon, the Britain's Got Talent judge, shared a comical tale about her co-judge Bruno Tonioli's memorable first day while the hit ITV show gears up for its 2025 auditions.
Having already kicked off this year's talent search in Blackpool earlier in the week, the former Strictly Come Dancing champion told Reach outlets how an overenthusiastic Bruno committed a faux pas she hadn't witnessed in a decade of participation in the programme.
During a broader dialogue concerning the new Media, Broadcast, and Production T-level, Alesha gave insights into the humorous mishap, recalling: "I think the funniest moment last year was day one, the first day of auditions, and Bruno actually broke the Golden Buzzer!"
Reflecting on the incident with a sense of amusement, she added: "I thought, I've been here for 10 years, and this has never happened. He's got so much energy and passion. He just got so excited."
Also noting the sheer hilarity of the situation, she continued: "He whacked the Golden Buzzer so hard that it broke on day one, but it was so funny. Honestly, you couldn't write these moments."
Alesha also took a moment to discuss her observations of Simon Cowell, head judge and mastermind behind the talents show, labelling him as somewhat of a rebel.
She reflected: "I guess Simon is a bit of a rebel at heart. He doesn't really like to follow rules, so he loves it whenever anybody does anything that kind of...
"How can I put it? We don't really have rules on Britain's Got Talent. We have guidelines - anything goes! Whatever feels right in the moment... I think you just have to lead with your heart and what feels good in that moment.
"And that always works best in any show you work on for authenticity, for genuine entertainment. Then nothing feels contrived or forced. It all feels very natural and more human. So we always encourage that."
Alesha has been a part of the judging panel on Britain's Got Talent since 2012, sharing the stage with Bruno, Simon and Amanda Holden.
Elsewhere in the interview, Alesha opened up about her career in the entertainment industry and the new qualifications that will allow young people to do the same in a supportive environment.
The Breathe Slow singer has joined the T-team – a group of celebrities hailing T-levels as a game-changing qualification. Alesha is championing the brand-new Media, Broadcast and Production T-level, launched across England this September.
New stats show that 73% of people believe the routes and opportunities into the creative industries are closed off to many, while 86% of parents would feel more confident in their child pursuing a creative career if they knew more about the opportunities available.
Alesha branded the campaign “really exciting”, explaining: “Before I actually got into the entertainment industry, I wanted to be a teacher, and I absolutely love going into schools and speaking with young people.
“This campaign really spoke to me,” she continued, “So I've joined the T-team experts and we’re here to raise awareness on the benefits of T-levels for 16 to 19-year-olds.
“I would have loved something like this when I was younger,” Alesha admitted. “I think there's lots of stigma around working in Media and Broadcast and production. I think probably a lot of parents think that to get into media, it's about who you know rather than what you know.
“But T-levels really lift the lid on that - this is a bona fide way into the industry where your children can be hands-on, working on an industry placement with the employer, and learning real-life skills in the classroom that are then transferable to the real world. I just think it's a brilliant idea.”
Alesha added: “If you were a young person, knowing that you're going to be out there in the real world, working in an industry that you aspire to be in, it would be super exciting.
Pointing out that the qualification is also beneficial to employers, she noted: “And of course, these courses are tailor-made for what the employers need and want, so it's a completely bespoke qualification in that sense.”
She also spoke of her own experience when she started out in the entertainment industry, recalling: “I think it's important to inspire young people and give them options, because I just think people really see the entertainment industry as otherworldly. I know I did growing up; I thought it was Mars.
“I didn't even know it was possible to be in the entertainment industry, so I think we've got to lift the lid on that and show parents that there are steps you can take that will give you the confidence that your child is doing the right thing.
“Ultimately, it's about fulfilling a passion, and that's where my passion comes from. You get one life; you want to do something with your life that gives you satisfaction.”
I think a lot of people are nervous and fearful, so they maybe choose a safer route,” she reflected. “Or they don't go for their dreams because they're not sure that it's possible.
“So I think when it comes to the creative industries, we've got to encourage people to go for it, because I think a lot of people choose to walk away because they don’t know how how to go about it.
“But the creative industry so exciting!” she enthused. “There are so many options and so many jobs available for young people. I always come from the viewpoint of being passionate about the creative industries, being passionate about young people and showing them what's possible.”
Parents can find more information and access free resources by visiting the T-level info website at: www.tlevelinfo.org.uk
Britain’s Got Talent will return to ITV in early 2025.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.