Bruno Mars is known to clear out of Park MGM when he wants to play games of chance.
Bruno Mars plays Park MGM only as an entertainer. He does not play blackjack or baccarat, known to be his games of chance, at the hotel. He’s more likely set up in the uber-private, high-limit VIP salons at Bellagio or Aria, say those who have known where he prefers to play.
Mars has reportedly not been cut off from playing, either. He’s free to join a table anywhere in the company.
The $50 million figure being roundly reported (or, repeated) for Mars’ casino debt seems far off the pale. Even half that would be a massive figure to front a VIP player. Example, from a longtime casino professional: A high roller was once issued at $16 million line of credit (a marker, in industry parlance) at a major Las Vegas resort.
This person played eight tables of baccarat at the same time. Three supervisors hovered around the table to keep track of the player’s wins and losses. That’s why $50 million, as a source says, “Just seems like an awful lot.”
As this issue runs its course through the news cycle, I have to ask: So what if Mars is a high roller in the resort company with whom he is in business — as a headliner, and also at The Pinky Ring at Bellagio? The hotel has said formally he is in good standing, they love his show and their ongoing partnership.
And I cracked up at Harvey Levin’s comment during “TMZ Live” on Tuesday, “MGM likes it when people lose!”
More Mr. Las Vegas
Wayne Newton has extensions. Contractually, we mean.
Mr. Las Vegas’ added dates at the Flamingo have become so commonplace that he’s not even aware until somebody from the company nudges him. Newton is now signed from September through the end of the year. Show times are 7 p.m. Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays, everything on sale at Ticketmaster.com.
Newton’s next significant milestone is May 16, marking his 65th anniversary in Las Vegas. We are confident of so many things, including Caesars Entertainment’s party plans for this event.
Where we be
We usually lead with this info, but …
The Kats! Bureau at this writing is Vic’s in Symphony Park, a quick sashay across from the Smith Center. This is where Las Vegas Academy students make up the house band, except when there are “elevated” headliner performances. at 8:30 p.m.
Friday and Saturday, the headliner is elevated sax icon Tom Scott and his quartet, one show per night, two nights only. Scott is a sensational session musician; some of us recall knowing him first as a member of the Blues Brothers band on the classic live album “Briefcase Full of Blues.”
Scott has also played with the L.A. Express, Steely Dan, Joni Mitchell, Blondie, Frank Sinatra, Ravi Shankar, Whitney Houston and every member of the Beatles.
Scott is a “wicked” talent, to borrow a favorite term of a past Vic’s headliner, and darn good bee-bop bassist, Penn Jillette.
On the topic of Caesars …
Make it a late-2024 opening for Caspian’s Caviar & Cocktails, taking over Cleopatra’s Barge at Caesars Palace. This is according to Caesars Entertainment (owners of the venue) and Clique Hospitality (operators of Caspian’s).
The original plans were for a spring opening.
The Barge was one of Newton’s old haunts, and also the stage for Dionne Warwick, Paul Shaffer & The Shaff-Shifters, CeeLo Green, Richard Marx and John Popper and Blues Traveler. What else … Oh, The Gossy Room, starring Matt Goss. At this place, it’s all about the hang.
On the topic of an entertainment place …
Ray Wold, he of the charred heinie and long history as the fire artist in “O,” is moving forward with his Ray’s Comedy World. Wounded on stage during a fire act at the club in January, Wold is trudging forward without the original bookers and marketers of that room, Joe and Jessica Trammel.
The Vegas entertainment couple reported last week the place was shut down for myriad operational and financial concerns.
Then the Trammels registered a complaint with the Southern Nevada Health District over the venue’s alleged health violations (there is a pet cat and a snake on the premises, which Wold says is to be used in a a stage act). But as Wold said Monday, an inspector reviewed the premises, only to find, “The complaint was not valid.”
The entertainer emphasized the animals are not kept near the kitchen or performance area.
The club hosted a no-cover (and no food and also no alcohol) showcase Monday, headlined by Don Barnhart. He’s now the room’s booking agent, drawing from his experience at Delirious at Hennessey’s Tavern on Fremont Street, among several other comedy clubs (Barnhart actually encouraged me visit the Delirious club this week, rather than Ray’s, FWIW).
Twenty-five folks turned out to see Barnhart along with comedians Ryan Cole, Keith Lyle, Guy Fessenden and Ron Coleman. Ray’s Comedy World is now listed on TicketKite.com, where the upcoming schedule currently shows … No events to display.
Whatever. As long as the embers glow, there’s a chance Wold’s place will catch fire. It has happened before.
Cool Hang Alert
“Tea Time with Toscha: The Vocal Storyteller” starring column fave Toschca Comeaux is set for 3 p.m.-5 p.m. Saturday at Southern Nevada Music at 350 N. Stephanie Street in Henderson. Uli Geissendoerfer, John Belzaguy, Peppe Merolla and Ronnie Serquinia make up the crack band. Tickets are $25 at the door, $20 presale, call 702-937-0723 to book.
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP