Home » The Pinky Ring: Bruno Mars Opens New Jazz Lounge in the Bellagio
Source: 
Global pop star Bruno Mars debuted his new jazz lounge and entertainment destination on the Las Vegas Strip this week. Enter The Pinky Ring.
The chic venue and jazz lounge — located inside of the Bellagio Resort and Casino — was meticulously designed by Bruno Mars to capture his vision of “timeless glamour and remarkable artistry.”
According to an MGM Resorts news release, Mars debuted The Pinky Ring with a star-studded celebration and performance. Alongside his band, The Hooligans, Mars was also joined by Janelle Monáe, Lady Gaga, Victoria Monét, Babyface, T-Pain, Gayle King, Jason & Lauren Kennedy, Kerrueche Tran and Lucky Daye, some of whom joined him onstage.
The band played a number of hits, including well-known Bruno Mars numbers such as “That’s What I Like” and “Treasure.” Additionally, the performance included covers that matched the intimacy of the lounge, such as The Jackson 5’s “Shake Your Body (Down to the Ground),” Junior Senior’s “Move Your Feet” and Bob Marley’s “Is This Love.”
Guests at the star-studded performance also enjoyed performances from some of Mars’ friends, including Monáe, Babyface, Lucky Daye, and Monét.
Although the celebration and grand opening was scheudled for Saturday, Feb. 10, The Pinky Ring officially opened to the public on Monday, Feb. 12.
The Hooligans are the resident house band for the next two weeks, so guests can enjoy Mars’ homage to Las Vegas Strip history and the entertainers who made it.
“Every element of the experience—from the specialty bar program and live entertainment—has been curated by the global superstar as a place for people to get lost in a good time they will remember forever,” said MGM Resorts in a news release seen by Vegas News.
In other words, The Pinky Ring will be a surefire addition list of the best Las Vegas music venues.
Reservations for The Pinky Ring can be made online.
Media credit: Images courtesy of MGM/The Pinky Ring
EntertainmentNewsSports
EntertainmentNews
ArticlesNewsSports
ArticlesNewsSports