By BETHAN EDWARDS FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:30, 3 November 2024   |  Updated:  14:26, 3 November 2024   
 59
View  comments
Pete Wicks was heard repeatedly apologising to his Strictly Come Dancing partner Jowita Pryzstal seconds after finishing their routine on Saturday night. 
The former TOWIE star, 36, transformed into Queen frontman Freddie Mercury as he opened the BBC show performing a salsa to hit Another One Bites The Dust.
Though he was certainly dressed the part with Freddie's trademark moustache and slick backed hair, Pete's performance was flawed. 
The reality star's routine involved a daring lift where he swung Jowita just above the floor where she came incredibly close to bashing the dance floor. 
As they finished the dance for the shows first-ever Icons Week, Pete could be heard apologising to Jowita as she approached him. 
Pete Wicks was heard repeatedly apologising to his Strictly Come Dancing partner Jowita Pryzstal seconds after finishing their routine on Saturday night
The former TOWIE star, 36, transformed into Queen frontman Freddie Mercury as he opened the BBC show performing a salsa to hit Another One Bites The Dust
He said: 'I'm sorry, darling. I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry'. 
Jowita was heard reassuring Pete saying everything was OK. 
The judges, Shirley Ballas, Craig Revel Horwood, Anton Du Beke and Motsi Mabuse enjoyed Pete's showmanship and noted his errors. 
Head judge Shirley said: 'You embraced the character of Freddie Mercury so, so well. I'm not going to overjudge this and I'll tell you why.
'You made quite a lot of mistakes, so it wouldn't be fair to, we all know you made mistakes we could see them.
'But what I was impressed with was how you picked it up. You carried on like a trooper, you did your lifts and thought I'm just going to get on with it and do the job.
'May they vote for you because you were great.'
Meanwhile Craig said: 'What a terrible shame. It lacked rotation, it lacked fluidity'.
Motsi added: 'The dancing needs to get better.'
Though he was certainly dressed the part with Freddie's trademark moustache and slick backed hair, Pete's performance was flawed
The reality star's routine involved a daring lift where he swung Jowita just above the floor where she came incredibly close to bashing the dance floor
As they finished the dance for the shows first-ever Icons Week, Pete could be heard apologising to Jowita, he said: 'I'm sorry, darling. I'm sorry. I'm so so sorry', she reassured him  everything was OK
JB Gill (Amy Dowden's partner) and Lauren Oakley - Couple’s Choice to Bruno Mars Medley by Bruno Mars - 39
Tasha Ghouri & Aljaz Škorjanec - Couple’s Choice to What About Us by P!nk - 39 
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Cha Cha to Like A Prayer by Madonna - 37 
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Waltz to I Will Always Love You by Whitney Houston - 35 
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Quickstep to Help! by The Beatles - 35 
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Samba to Faith by George Michael - 31 
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Rumba to This is My Life by Shirley Bassey - 30 
Chris McCausland and Diane Buswell - Tango to Rock And Roll All Nite by KISS - 29 
Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin - American Smooth to Love Story (Taylor’s Version) by Taylor Swift - 29 
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystał - Salsa to Another One Bites The Dust by Queen - 22 
Pete ended up at the bottom of the leaderboard scoring just 22 points for the performance with Craig scoring a four and the remaining three judges scoring sixes.
Speaking to host Claudia Winkleman afterwards, Pete said it was an 'honour' dancing as Freddie but called the song choice 'ironic'.
He added: 'It's probably written in the stars, but I enjoyed it.'
Elsewhere during the show, professionals Nancy Xu and Carlos Gu awkwardly kept their distance in the Clauditorium.
Just hours after the live episode aired on the BBC it was claimed that the pair have had a 'shocking' falling out and are now refusing to speak behind the scenes.
Nancy, 33, and Carlos, 31, both grew up in China and have been close since childhood in the past have shared cute nicknames for one another. 
The pair have unfollowed each other on social media and according to new reports, tensions backstage have left their fellow pros 'shocked'. 
And as the dancers and pros debriefed with host Claudia in the upstairs area of the studio Nancy made sure to stand on the far left with her celebrity partner Shayne Ward. 
Carlos - who doesn't have a partner this year - was stood far away on the other side of Claudia as he supported Amy Dowden after she returned to the show following a health scare.
Shirley Ballas said: 'You made quite a lot of mistakes, so it wouldn't be fair to, we all know you made mistakes we could see them. But what I was impressed with was how you picked it up. You carried on like a trooper'  
Craig (pictured) said: 'What a terrible shame. It lacked rotation, it lacked fluidity' while Motsi added: 'The dancing needs to get better'
Pete ended up at the bottom of the leaderboard scoring just 22 points for the performance with Craig scoring a four and the remaining three judges scoring sixes
Despite his scores, the TV personality got into character as Freddie Mercury
Speaking to host Claudia Winkleman afterwards, Pete said it was an 'honour' dancing as Freddie but called the song choice 'ironic'
Elsewhere during the show, professionals Nancy Xu and Carlos Gu awkwardly kept their distance in the Clauditorium 
Carlos was dressed as David Bowie with his iconic face paint and rede hair.   
An insider told The Sun on Saturday: 'The feud between Nancy and Carlos is really sad and has left everyone really shocked. They've been close since childhood, but have fallen out and unfollowed each other on socials.'
It's claimed tensions arose after Carlos was left disappointed not to be paired with a celeb this series, while Nancy has been busy in rehearsals with Shayne Ward, 40.
The source added: 'The atmosphere on set is said to be awkward and tense when both are around, and to many it was a relief when Carlos didn't attend the show weeks ago'.
Meanwhile a separate source told MailOnline: 'Both Carols and Nancy are extremely cordial and always incredibly professional on Strictly premises'.
MailOnline have the dancers representative and the BBC for comment. 
The Icons Week results will air this evening on BBC One at 7.20pm.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group