13-time Grammy winner Kenneth “Babyface” Edmonds, who has produced hits for everyone from Whitney Houston to Boyz II Men, will play six dates starting this spring
Kenny “Babyface” Edmonds’ sellout at Pearl Concert Theater has inspired confidence he can do it a half-dozen more times.
The 13-time Grammy Award winner plays three weekends, running Memorial Day weekend (May 24-25), Labor Day weekend (Aug. 31-Sept. 1) and Nov. 8-9. Tickets go on sale to the public at 10 a.m. Friday at ticketmaster.com.
This run is not being referred to as a “residency,” a term often applied with the artist’s agreement (Bruno Mars’ run at Dolby Live has not been called a residency, either). But Edmonds does have a home in Las Vegas.
Edmonds’ series marks a new strategy for the venue.
“His multi-night engagement marks a significant milestone for us as the first exclusive performance series since reopening,” Palms Vice President, Entertainment and Activations Crystal Robinson-Wesley said in a statement. “Babyface’s timeless talent and energetic stage presence promise an unforgettable experience for our guests, and we couldn’t be more excited to showcase his artistry in our iconic venue.”
Edmonds produced “I’m Your Baby Tonight,” his first No. 1, and Whitney Houston’s first R&B release. He wrote and produced Boyz II Men’s “End of the Road” and “I’ll Make Love to You,” both top-selling hits. And he collaborated with Madonna on “Bedtime Stories,” which included the chart-topping “Take a Bow,” co-writing, co-producing and contributing vocals.
Edmonds will perform hits of his own (“Whip Appeal,” “Every Time I Close My Eyes,” “When Can I See You Again”) along with those he’s written and produced for other hitmaking artists.
Edmonds has a personal history in Las Vegas. His mother, Barbara, was a resident until she died in 2012 at age 80 of Alzheimer’s. That experience, and Edmonds’ friendship with Larry and Camille Ruvo, led the superstar to being honored at the Keep Memory Alive Power of Love Gala at Resorts World in 2021.
In a 2021 interview, Edmonds recalled visiting the city with a band in 1979.
“We played at Nellis Air Force Base. As soon as we finished the gig, we went downtown to do some gambling. I didn’t win anything,” Edmonds said. “The next day, I caught a Greyhound to Los Angeles for the first time. So trust me, I know how much Las Vegas has changed (laughs). I still remember seeing these steak dinners for $1.50. It was amazing, in many respects, to see what Las Vegas has become.”
John Katsilometes’ column runs daily in the A section. His “PodKats!” podcast can be found at reviewjournal.com/podcasts. Contact him at jkatsilometes@reviewjournal.com. Follow @johnnykats on X, @JohnnyKats1 on Instagram.
Mark Davis has signed a legend, and not for the first time, for a Raiders event.
Beyoncé was hit with a cease-and-desist letter from Sphere CEO James Dolan over a video in her “Cowboy Carter” tour in which the superstar picks up the Las Vegas venue.
The Red Rocker’s most extensive performance commitment ever on the Strip, “Best of All Worlds” runs through May 17.
Think performers wielding iconic props like blasters and light sabers, R2-D2 making it rain by firing cash in the air, and Han Solo gyrating to “Smooth Criminal,” to screams that reach the edge of the galaxy.
“The Party” is ongoing for Spiegelworld, which has named its new project just that.
Beyoncé is shown grabbing and holding the Sphere in her “Cowboy Carter” tour production. She’s not revealing why.
Jay Sarno Jr., the son of the founder of Caesars Palace, sets the record straight on the tale of Evel Knievel’s infamous Caesars jump.
It’ll be temperature up, “Hands Down” at the Durango casino in July.Alt-rock band Dashboard Confessional is the latest headliner for the resort’s “Bel-Aire Poolside Concert Series.”
Bruno Mars is already the longest-running headliner at Dolby Live. The nine new dates he just added would take him to triple digits.
Justin Timberlake and the Kelce Brothers sounds like a fun Las Vegas show. And over the weekend, it was.

Las Vegas News Raiders News Las Vegas Sphere Oakland A's Move Las Vegas Casinos Las Vegas Crime Las Vegas Shows Sports Betting F1 Las Vegas Las Vegas Restaurants Lake Mead Las Vegas Weather

Copyright © 2019 Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service
Powered by WordPress.com VIP