Feingold has discussed her 2005 audition, during which her chops proved to be too funky – and not enough ‘Elton John’ – for Prince

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Session ace Ella Feingold has recalled the time she auditioned to join Prince's band – and the Purple Rain legend joked her playing was “too funky”.
The Prince guitar gig was widely known to be a grueling experience. Ida Nielsen, for example, once recalled how “it wasn’t like a normal bass gig where you have 30 songs: I had to learn 300!”
Several ex-guitarists have also spoken to Guitar Player about their stints in Prince's band. Each player was unanimous in talking about how demanding – but educational – their time alongside him was.
Few players, though, can say their playing was simply too funky for the seven-time Grammy winner. In a new interview with Guitar World, Feingold – who won a Grammy herself for her role on Bruno Mars and Anderson .Paak’s 2021 album, An Evening with Silk Sonic – has recalled having that exact experience.
“He asked me to audition for his band around 2005,” she remembers. “I went over to his house in the Hollywood Hills and auditioned for a few days.
“I was just playing something, and he gave me the stank face, saying, ‘Oh, that's too funky,’ but not in a good way. He was like, ‘No, no, no, that's too funky.’ I was thinking, ‘What does that mean? Too funky?’”
Prince, of course, is a funk-pop master, and Feingold’s deft rhythms had earned her the audition. Understandably, such an exclamation had caught her off guard.
All the latest guitar news, interviews, lessons, reviews, deals and more, direct to your inbox!
She continues: “He was like, ‘Think more Elton John.’ I was like, ‘Is he clowning? Is he trolling me?’” Feingold continues. “He’s asking me to play his music more like Elton John? I realized what he meant was to have more of a heavy left hand, like on a piano, which translated to more power chord stuff.”
While she may not have ended up joining Prince – who ultimately decided to play the guitar himself for his upcoming project – it still proved to be an experience to savor for Feingold.
“I got to play his Mad Cat Tele and all of his guitars,” Feingold extends. “It was a life highlight and something I'll never forget.”
Prince’s Hohner Mad Cat Tele – recognized by its flamed maple top and leopard skin pickguard – is a fabled instrument. It deviates from the traditional Telecaster mold via Strat-style single-coils, a Strat-style hardtail bridge, and a maple body. That gave the guitar an aggressive bite, from which Prince’s lust-worthy tones originated.
“I remember the guitar strap being incredibly worn down,” Feingold details. “It had to have been an original strap. The action was very low, and the neck felt very comfortable and road-worn after a lifetime of playing it.
“It felt amazing. I picked a few others up, but with that one, I was like, ‘Oh, wow, this is special.’”
The missed opportunity didn’t harm Feingold's career. After the audition, she would go on to play on Jay-Z’s Kingdom Come LP, and worked with The Roots, Justin Bieber, and Kelly Rowland, before landing the Grammy-winning Bruno Mars gig.
A freelance writer with a penchant for music that gets weird, Phil is a regular contributor to Prog, Guitar World, and Total Guitar magazines and is especially keen on shining a light on unknown artists. Outside of the journalism realm, you can find him writing angular riffs in progressive metal band, Prognosis, in which he slings an 8-string Strandberg Boden Original, churning that low string through a variety of tunings. He's also a published author and is currently penning his debut novel which chucks fantasy, mythology and humanity into a great big melting pot.
“I remember there was a video of Gary Moore and he played Red House on this Fiesta Red Strat, and I thought it was just the most incredible thing”: Is Toby Lee Britain’s next blues-rock superstar?
“I love the guitar, but essentially it’s an instrument that belongs to the 20th century in many ways. So it’s a question of, what can you do to try to reinvent that vocabulary to make it seem relevant?”: Steven Wilson on the making of a cosmic prog epic
“Norm was like, ‘Do you want to play with Joe?’ Before I could say ‘yes’ or ‘no,’ he brings Joe over and tells him, ‘Jason wants to play a set’”: Jason Sinay on jamming with Joe Bonamassa – and why his early sessions with Mike Campbell were a struggle

Guitar World is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.