e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
The wait is finally over.
Intuit Dome, the state-of-the-art basketball arena and concert venue, is now open.
The $2 billion facility — the new home to the L.A. Clippers — held its grand opening on Thursday, Aug. 15, with a ribbon cutting ceremony, complete with a star-studded red carpet, and ultimately the sounds of Grammy winner Bruno Mars, who performed the first of two concerts to christen the new L.A.-area venue.
Intuit Dome is the newest addition to Inglewood’s Hollywood Park sports and entertainment complex, at 3930 W. Century Blvd. A massive project that had been in the works since 2021, just south of the Kia Forum and SoFi, it opened its doors to thousands of fans on Thursday, and many more will soon make their way through its shiny doors.
An evening full of festivities to celebrate the grand opening started with a ribbon cutting ceremony in the plaza near the arena’s entrance.
“Standing here tonight, I’m honestly overwhelmed by the image of a vision realized, a dream fulfilled,” said Gillian Zucker, CEO of Halo Sports and Entertainment. “Intuit Dome is for Clippers fans, it’s for concertgoers, but more than anything, it’s for the entire community.”
The cutting-edge facility boasts five basketball courts, an 86,000-square-foot practice and training center, a first-of-its-kind “Halo Board,” a two-sided scoreboard that encircles the arena with nearly an acre of lighting, covering 38,375 square feet.
For the first time, the Clippers has a home other than the Crypto.com Arena – which they had shared with their intracity rivals, the Lakers – since the 1998-99 campaign.
Clippers fans will be able to see their team in the new arena on Oct. 23 against the Phoenix Suns.
“I’m fired up,” Clippers owner Steve Ballmer said as he took the stage.
“It’s our home, but we also knew that our house had to be about more than just basketball,” Ballmer said, as the arena is poised to be the future of Southern California’s live entertainment.
“I think of this as the best basketball facility ever built,” he added.
Ballmer, with trademark enthusiasm, shared with the crowd the attention to detail that went into the facility – from the halo board, the design for each of the 17,700 seats, to the efficiency of the restrooms. Ballmer said that he hopes fans notice those details as they attend their first game or concert at Intuit Dome.
Both Zucker and Ballmer emphasized the importance of the facility also being an asset for the community.
Aside from hosting the Clippers’ 2024-25 season starting in October, the Intuit Dome has also been tapped to host the 2026 NBA All-Star Game, which is expected to generate more than $350 million in economic impact for the region on its own, city officials said previously.
This is Inglewood’s fourth new venue in 10 years, said Mayor James Butts. Intuit Dome joins other major venues, including SoFi Stadium, Kia Forum, and YouTube Theater.
“We are so grateful, so fulfilled to have such a great team, organization and another community leader,” Butts said. The mayor was joined by the rest of the Inglewood City Council, as well as Assemblymember Tina McKinnor, D-Inglewood.
In the background of the ceremony stood a steel-and-wood sculpture of a clipper ship with basketball hoops, an art piece by Glenn Kaino called “Sails,” just one of several sculptures, murals and digital displays by local artists at the arena that combine LA’s culture of sports and art.
When christening a new vessel, it is a tradition to break a bottle of champagne over the bow, Zucker said, bringing good luck to both the ship and crew. In honor of the Intuit Dome embarking on its inaugural voyage, Clippers Head Coach Tyronn Lue broke the bottle on the bow.
Following the ribbon cutting and streamers being shot into the air, Intuit Dome rolled out its red carpet for celebrities, such as Clippers player Kawhi Leonard, Angela Bassett, Chelsea Handler, Halle Bailey, Megan Trainor, Simu Liu, Tobey Maguire, and more.
The opening night event culminated with a three-hour concert by musical icon Mars, who began his career in Inglewood. Following Mars, a diverse lineup of 31 concerts – including Olivia Rodriguo and Peso Pluma – promises to cater to a wide range of musical tastes.
Mars’ fans — affectionately known as Hooligans — were ready to get their exclusive Intuit Dome and Bruno Mars shirt and try out the facility’s amenities. But, of course, they were most excited to see Mars perform, whose wide musical range spans from funk and R&B to reggae and rock.
“I’m so excited, this is my second time seeing him live,” said Reggi Zavala, who came from Bakersfield to see Mars perform.
Zavala said she was impressed by the new facility.
“I was freaking out a little bit because it’s so new and I don’t know what to expect, but I’m ready,” she said. “It’s so amazing and beautiful.”
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group