Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Miley Cyrus fears she will have to speak "on record" about ex-husband Liam Hemsworth's alleged cheating in copyright case.
Sept. 18 2024, Published 12:45 p.m. ET
Miley Cyrus is secretly panicking she'll be forced to admit ex-husband Liam Hemsworth was the inspiration behind her hit song Flowers after she was sued for copyright infringement.
The singer, 31, was hit with a lawsuit this week accusing her of copying Bruno Mars' 2012 single When I Was Your Man, which won her her first Grammy.
Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth married in December 2018 but divorced in January 2020.
And RadarOnline.com can reveal Cyrus is worried she will have to confirm Hemsworth, 34, was the inspiration behind the track, which has been long-rumored by fans who believe Flowers was a diss track in response to his alleged infidelity.
Admitting Hemsworth's influence is said to be causing Cyrus more stress than the lawsuit itself.
A source told DailyMail.com: "Miley is not too concerned with the lawsuit itself, but everyone who knows Miley knows that this track was written as a way of healing from Liam."
The Hannah Montana star got engaged to Hemsworth in May 2012, before splitting 16 months later.
Liam Hemsworth was a big fan of Bruno Mars hit When I Was Your Man, the song Cyrus is accused of ripping off.
They reunited in 2016 and got married in December 2018, but divorced in January 2020.
The Witcher star Hemsworth reportedly dedicated When I Was Your Man to Cyrus back in 2013 – a year after the song's release – and is believed to have referenced Mars' track in their relationship.
They also played the song at their wedding.
The Witcher star Hemsworth first got engaged to Cyrus in May 2012.
The source added: "She wrote lyrics that were a reaction to Bruno's lyrics in Your Man, specifically because that was Liam's song to her. She only cared that he knew it was for him. 
"Miley originally wrote it as a slow love ballad not the fast upbeat song that it became."
Cyrus is believed to be anxious about having to make confessions about the song "on record".
The source continued: "She is worried that she will have to reveal her inspiration for writing the song.
Bruno Mars demanded $5million to perform at Lopez' wedding according to her celebrity planner.
"While she has no issue stating it was a response to Bruno, revealing it was specifically about Liam publicly and on record is very unsettling."
Flowers also spent eight weeks at number one in the U.S. last year.
Around the time the song was released, Cyrus' fans spotted apparent similarities to When I Was Your Man.
In her song, Cyrus seemingly flips the lyrics from Mars' song: "I should've bought you flowers/ And held your hand/ Should've gave you all my hours/ When I had the chance/ Take you to every party/ 'Cause all you wanted to do was dance/ Now my baby's dancing/ But she's dancing with another man."
Flowers spent eight weeks at number one in the U.S. last year.
The lyrics to Flowers include the chorus: "I can buy myself flowers/ Write my name in the sand/ Talk to myself for hours/ Say things you don't understand/ I can take myself dancing/ And I can hold my own hand/ Yeah, I can love me better than you can."
The lawsuit was filed by Tempo Music, rather than Mars himself who has not been named as a plaintiff, who say they own a portion of When I Was Your Man purchased from co-writer Philip Lawrence.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The lawsuit states: "Any fan of Bruno Mars' When I Was Your Man knows that Miley Cyrus's Flowers did not achieve all of that success on its own. 
"Flowers duplicates numerous melodic, harmonic, and lyrical elements of When I Was Your Man, including the melodic pitch design and sequence of the verse, the connecting bass line, certain bars of the chorus, certain theatrical music elements, lyric elements, and specific chord progressions.
It continues: "It is undeniable based on the combination and number of similarities between the two recordings that Flowers would not exist without When I Was Your Man. 
"With Flowers, Cyrus, Hein and Pollack have created a derivative work of When I Was Your Man without authorisation."
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.