Follow the 93X Notable New Releases playlist on Spotify!
The latest live album from critically-acclaimed experimental indie rockers Animal Collective has the band performing their fifth studio album, Sung Tongs, in its entirety with the inclusion of bonus track “Covered in Frogs.”
Stream • Domino Recording Co • 2024
Sung Tongs Live at the Theatre at Ace Hotel by Animal Collective
Balance and Composure are releasing their first album since reuniting last year. With You in Spirit, their fourth studio album, is their first since 2016’s Light We Made.
Stream • Memory Music • 2024
with you in spirit by Balance and Composure
The Barbarians of California are a metal-influenced project from Aaron Bruno of AWOLNATION. The single “Three Letters” features a guest appearance from Rise Against vocalist Tim McIlrath.
Stream • The Barbarians of California • 2024
Coldplay‘s latest album, Moon Music, is the band’s first studio LP since 2021’s Music of the Spheres; which peaked at #4 in the US.
Earlier this week, frontman Chris Martin stated that the band will only release “12 proper albums” in total. He stated that “less is more” while adding “And for some of our critics, even less would be even more”, and pointing out that The Beatles also only released 12 (UK) studio albums. (Uproxx.com)
Stream • Parlophone • 2024
Drug Church‘s fifth studio album, Prude, has received an 8.0 out of 10 from Punk Rock Theory, with the site stating “you never really know what’s coming next, but you know it’s going to be worth listening to. Glad to see the rest of the world is finally catching on. They deserve all the praise they are getting.“
Stream • Pure Noise • 2024
It’s been five years since Fever 333 released their debut album, Strength in Numb333rs; which was co-produced by John Feldmann of Goldfinger and Travis Barker of Blink-182. 
Since that time, two of the original three members have left the band, Fever 333 expanded to a four-piece and will release their new album, Darker White, this week.
Stream • Century Media • 2024
DARKER WHITE (24-bit HD audio) by FEVER 333
The Hard Quartet is the anticipated eponymous debut from a supergroup featuring Stephen Malkmus of Pavement, Emmett Kelly of The Cairo Gang, Jim White of Dirty Three and Matt Sweeney of Skunk, Chavez and ZWAN.
Stream • Matador • 2024
The Hard Quartet by The Hard Quartet
The fifteen tracks on Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit‘s new live album were recorded at sold out Ryman Auditorium shows over the past few years, and feature some of Isbell’s most well-written songs.
Coincidentally, there are two releases this week to feature a cover of Tom Petty‘s “Room at the Top.”; Live From the Ryman Vol. 2, and the album soundtrack to Apple TV+’s Bad Monkey (see below).
Stream • Southeastern • 2024
Live From The Ryman Vol. 2 by Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit
The 2CD 15th Anniversary Deluxe edition of Mastodon‘s fourth studio album, Crack the Skye, features a remastered version of the album on disc 1, and Crack the Skye: The Score, an instrumental version of the entire 7-song album, on disc 2.
Stream • Rhino • 2024
Mötley Crüe‘s first release with guitarist John 5 (and first since the dismissal of longtime original guitarist Mick Mars) is a 3-song EP called Cancelled, containing the title track, “Dogs of War” and a cover of Beastie Boys‘ “Fight For Your Right.”
Stream • Big Machine • 2024
Synthesizer is the seventh album from noise rockers A Place to Bury Strangers.
Synthesizer is a record that celebrates sounds that are spontaneous and natural, the kind of music that can only come from collaboration and community. It now features a fully collaborative new lineup, with John and Sandra Fedowitz. That spirit of reinvention is all over the record.
Stream • Dedstrange • 2024
Synthesizer by A Place To Bury Strangers
Beloved and critically-acclaimed English band The Smile (featuring two prominent members of Radiohead) are releasing their second album of 2024! Cutouts is said to have been recorded during the same sessions that yielded the band’s January 2024 sophomore album, Wall of Eyes.
Stream • Self Help Tapes • 2024
Town of Lake‘s Lilac is the solo debut of Mike Hranica; lead vocalist for metalcore band The Devil Wears Prada.
Stream • Peach Bandana • 2024
Lilac by Town of Lake
The soundtrack album for Apple TV+’s Bad Monkey (starring Vince Vaughan) is a celebration of the music of Tom Petty. Twenty of the album’s 28 tracks are covers of Tom Petty classics performed by the likes of Weezer, The War on Drugs, Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Nathaniel Rateliff, Eddie Vedder and more.
Stream • Warner Bros. • 2024
Follow the 93X Notable New Releases playlist on Spotify!
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.