By EMILY LEFROY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:57, 23 September 2024   |  Updated:  17:03, 23 September 2024   
 17
View  comments
Despite a wedding being the time to indulge in a few guilty pleasures, one man has sparked a heated debate after sharing the songs he wants to ban from his wedding - with people up in arms over the largely popular choices he has barred from the event.
Declared a 'party pooper' after sharing a screenshot of a note to X, formerly known as Twitter, social media user Harry accompanied his list with a call out to others to help add to it.
The 24-year-old's list contained many wedding favorites, including: 'Anything by Oasis,' Angels by Robbie Williams, I Gotta Feeling by the Black Eyed Peas and the millennial favorite: Mr Brightside by the Killers - much to the chagrin of many readers.
While Harry may be curating a specific vibe for himself, potential wedding guests were unhappy with his choice to not play the crowd pleasers. 
'Gonna be a boring wedding lol if you want a sit down wedding with no atmosphere, don't get a DJ lol,' one person retorted.
Declared a 'party pooper' after sharing a screenshot of a note to X, formerly known as Twitter, social media user Harry accompanied his list with a call out to others to help add to it 
'Mr Brightside is a step too far,' declared another user. 
'Just cancel the wedding,' joked another. 
'Bro hates a good time,' another commented, while someone else informed him the wedding was going to be 'dudsville.'
'I can understand not liking songs but it sounds like you are just banning any song that will get people up on the dancefloor,' said one puzzled user.
'Sweet Child O Mine, disrespect, smh,' another added. 
Others had their own suggestions to add to the list.
'Come on Eileen, Dancing in the Moonlight, I'm in the Mood for Dancing,' they listed.
Professionals have weighed in on the matter, saying crowds generally enjoy a dance floor full of throwbacks rather than newer hits.
While Harry may be curating a specific vibe for himself, potential wedding guests were unhappy with his choice to not play the crowd pleasers (stock image) 
X users shared their thoughts on his divisive list, many disagreeing with Harry
Herbert Holler, dubbed the 'best DJ in New York City,' previously told DailyMail.com the most commonly rejected artists include Bruno Mars and Drake, with fresh hits failing to connect with the crowd in the same way as iconic throwbacks. 
'People have an allergic reaction to these guys - songs from pre-social media are the ones that thrive,' he told DailyMail.com. 'Some newer songs aren't really music, they're made for content.'
Holler, who has spent over 25 years in the business, said that when it comes to getting the crowd going, 'not much has changed' in that time.
'There is an unspoken sound of old records that really brings people in,' he continued. 'When people get drunk they still enjoy it, but when you're at a wedding, who really wants to hear Drake?'
Philadelphia-based Gemma Sherry, owner of Luv'D Up DJs, agreed that those planning their weddings should avoid relying on brief chart toppers.
'Particularly new songs sometimes don't resonate on the dancefloor,' she said. 'People like a familiarity, and newer songs don't have a thread through culture.'
'Recent songs are a mixed bag,' added the DJ. 'The really popular songs of mega artists like Bruno Mars, Taylor Swift and Beyoncé have a shelf life of inescapable popularity before they reach over-saturation and then need time to cool off before they can become part of the mix again.
'You have to know where each song is on that journey.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group