Bob Odenkirk attends the AMC Networks’ EMMY Brunch at LAVO Ristorante on January 14, 2024 in West Hollywood, California.
Bob Odenkirk isn't a Nobody -- he's a distantly related member of the British royal family! The Breaking Bad alum appeared on PBS’ Finding Your Roots this week. He learned that he has familial links to King Charles III. Researchers looking into his family history revealed Odenkirk and Charles are 11th cousins. They also found that his fifth great-grandfather, Friedrich Carl Steinholz, was the son of the Duke of Plön, who was linked to other royal families of Europe through marriage.
The stunning discovery came after the 61-year-old Illinois native revealed he doesn’t believe in a monarchy. "I’m an American. I’m not a monarchist," Odenkirk said of the revelation in a clip shared by Rolling Stone ahead of the Tuesday night (January 30) episode release. Adding to his thoughts about how the monarchy is run in England, Odenkirk feels it's "a little twisted." Though he understands why society built itself around monarchs and leaders, "I think that we've gotten to a better place with democracy, and we should keep going down that road."
In a video clip posted by Ancestry.com, it was also revealed that Bob's fourth great-grandfather, Jean Jacques Fricker, served in Napoleon's army as a teenager. Odenkirk is the second oldest of seven siblings. His parents were of German and Irish descent, and his father, Walter Henry Odenkirk, was in the printing business. Bob's parents divorced in part due to Walter's alcoholism, which influenced Bob's decision to avoid alcohol as much as possible. He described his father as "remote, f---ed-up, and not around." Watch the segment below:
English actor Danny Dyer appeared on the British version of Finding Your Roots on a show called Who Do You Think You Are? in 2016 and discovered he was related to Thomas Cromwell, King Edward III, William the Conqueror, and King Henry III. Odenkirk's episode of Finding Your Roots airs on January 30 at 8 p.m. on PBS.

A post shared by

People born in October are either a Libra (October 1-22) or a Scorpio (October 23-31). For most of the month, the air sign Libra takes charge. The sign, as represented by the scales, is the only inanimate object of the zodiac. Perhaps because of this, Libras tend to fixate on balance and harmony. October-born Libras are social butterflies and are ruled by community-oriented Uranus. As seen with many stars on this list, this makes them passionate about social issues. Libra is also the sign of partnership, so exploring the dynamics of interpersonal relationships is an important part of life for those born under this sign. Libra is also a cardinal sign, so they are supposed to be great at launching new initiatives. Still, because they consider multiple perspectives in every pursuit, Libras often struggle with making a decision.
On October 23, Scorpio season begins. Scorpio is a water sign symbolized by the scorpion. They are one of the strongest water signs because of their passion and control. Scorpios derives their strength from the psychic, emotional realm, like fellow water signs Cancer (crab) and Pisces (fish). They never show their cards and their mysterious nature is what makes them so seductive and charming. However, Scorpios tend to guard themselves and their private lives fiercely. Scorpio is ruled by Pluto, the planet that governs both destruction and transformation. Scorpion energy is ambitious and sometimes power-hungry if they give in to their egos. Scorpios are born to rule, succeed, and excel in their pursuits. They are known to blend their work life and home life, always strategizing, learning, and networking.
Some of the most talented musicians and iconic figures in Hollywood celebrate their birthdays in the month of October. Keep scrolling to see which of our favorite celebrities celebrate an October birthday.
The hilarious 'Hangover' alum celebrates his birthday on October 1. A lesser-known fact about the actor, Galifianakis attended North Carolina State University, where he majored in communications. While in college, he worked at a public access station and in 1991, he taught a waltzing class where he crossed paths with Mary J. Blige, who was visiting her aunt who worked at the station.
The 'Mary Poppins' star celebrates her birthday on October 1 as well. The English actress, singer, and author has 50 acting credits beneath her belt, with  numerous accolades throughout her career spanning over seven decades. A child actress and singer, Andrews appeared in London's West End theater in 1948 at 13 years old and made her Broadway debut in 'The Boyfriend' a few years later.
The 'Captain Marvel' star celebrates her birthday on the first of the month as well. Besides her work in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, Larson is also well-known for her role in the cult classic, 'Scott Pilgrim vs. the World,' and will be reprising her role in the anime series debuting in November 2023.
The 'I May Destroy You' star was also born on October 1. For her role in the HBO drama series, she became the first  Black woman to win the Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Limited Series, Movie, or Dramatic Special at the 2021 Primetime Emmy Awards.
The musician and actor, whose real name is Gordon Matthew Thomas Sumner, celebrates his birthday on October 2. Sting was the frontman, songwriter and bassist for the Police from 1977 until their breakup in 1986 and pursued a solo career in 1985. As for his acting roles, he has played himself 23 different times.
The 'Sopranos' and 'Goodfellas' alum celebrates her birthday on October 2. Before her work on the critically-acclaimed series and film, the New York native began her career modeling in France and began appearing in Italian-language films in the '80s.
The talk show host celebrates her birthday on October 2. In 2001, she joined the late Regis Philbin on 'Live! with Regis and Kelly' for a decade until she became the head of the show when he retired in 2011.
Celebrating her birthday on October 3, the 'Westworld' actress got her breakthrough with a leading role in 'Tyler Perry's For Colored Girls.' She received acclaim for her roles in the 2018 independent films 'Sorry to Bother You' and 'Annihilation.'
Also celebrating her birthday on the 3rd is the 'Game of Thrones' alum. Headey landed the role of Cersei Lannister after her friend and eventual co-star, Peter Dinklage, suggested her casting to producers.
The "Praise the Lord" rapper celebrates his birthday on October 3. Rocky, whose real name is Rakim Athelaston Mayers, started rapping at age nine, learning how to rap from his older brother. After his brother was killed, he decided to take rapping more seriously at age 13.
The "Don't Speak" singer celebrates her birthday on October 3, too. In 2014, she became a judge on 'The Voice,' where she met her now-husband, Blake Shelton.
The 'Dude, Where's My Car?' star celebrates his birthday on October 3 as well. Before landing his role as Stifler in 1999's 'American Pie,' he was featured in the Aerosmith music video for "Hole in my Soul."
The 'Suspiria' star celebrates her birthday on October 4. Her parents are actors Don Johnson and Melanie Griffith, and she became interested in acting as a child, but her parents discouraged her from pursuing the profession until she graduated high school.
The 'Thelma &amp; Louise' alum celebrates her birthday on October 4, too. Sarandon starred in 'The Rocky Horror Picture Show' and went on to star in several other films including 'Bull Durham,' 'The Hunger' and 'The Witches of Eastwick.'
The 'Scream' actor celebrates his birthday on October 4. Liev had a wild childhood, after his father threatened to have his mother admitted to a mental institution, he was kidnapped by his mother, eventually leading to her gaining full custody of him. They squatted on the Lower East Side in New York City for a while.
The 'Clueless' alum celebrates her birthday on October 4, too. She became a teen idol after appearing in the music videos for Aerosmith's "Cryin'" "Amazing" and "Crazy."
The German and Austrian actor also has an October 4 birthday. Waltz  breakthrough role came in Quentin Tarantino's 'Inglourious Basterds,' and later starred in the director's 'Django Unchained' a few years later. He initially wanted to be an opera singer, but eventually decided that his voice was not good enough.
The 'Zombieland' star celebrates his birthday on October 5. Eisenberg gained wider recognition a year later in 2010 for starring as Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg in David Fincher's 'The Social Network.' Eisenberg started writing screenplays at 16, some of which were optioned by major studios, but he claimed that he was dissatisfied with the lack of control he had over his creations once they were sold.
The 'Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind' alum also celebrates her birthday on the 5th. Winslet's father and maternal grandparents were actors, so she was inspired to pursue acting from a young age, with her first stage appearance at age 5 as Mary in her school's production of the Nativity play.
The frontman of one fo the best bands of all time, Radiohead, celebrates his birthday on October 7. The English musician knew he wanted to become a rock star after seeing Queen guitarist Brian May on television for the first time at eight years old. He initially wanted to be a guitarist, but began singing because he had no one else to sing the songs he was writing.
The 'Good Will Hunting' alum celebrates his birthday on October 8. Damon and Ben Affleck attended the same alternative school, and the two wrote and starred in 'Good Will Hunting,' which won the Oscar and Golden Globe Award for Best Screenplay. They recently worked together on 'Air.'
Also celebrating his birthday on October 8 is the breakout cast member in the first season of 'Saturday Night Live.' Chase, whose real name is Cornelius Crane Chase, studied pre-med but didn't enter medical school. He played drums in a college band with Walter Becker and Donald Fagen, with the two later founding Steely Dan.
The 'Alien' actress celebrates her birthday o October 8 as well. Weaver, whose real name is Susan Alexandra Weaver, initially wanted to pursue a career as a writer or a journalist. But she eventually attended Yale University's School of Drama alongside Meryl Streep.
The father of 12 celebrates his birthday on October 8. Cannon received his first break doing stand-up comedy on his father's local cable public access TV program. He released his self-titled debut album as a singer in 2003. And in 2005, he created, produced, and hosted the MTV improv comedy series 'Wild 'N Out.'
The "Talking To The Moon" singer celebrates his birthday on October 8 as well. Mars, whose real name is Peter Gene Hernandez, got his nickname at age two by his father because of his resemblance to professional wrestler Bruno Sammartino. At the age of four, Mars performed regularly with his family's band and became known in Hawaii for his impersonation of Elvis Presley.
The Mexican filmmaker and author celebrates his birthday on October 9. Del Toro's work usually infuses beauty with the grotesque, like with 2006's 'Pan's Labyrinth.' He has had a lifelong fascination with monsters, which he considers symbols of great power.
Celebrating her birthday on October 9 is rock royalty Sharon Osbourne. Her father Don Arden used to manage Ozzy Osbourne's Black Sabbath, but fired Ozzy from the group. She began to date Ozzy and started managing his solo career.
The 'Monk' star celebrates his birthday on October 9, too. Shaloub was introduced to acting when his older sister signed him up to be an extra in his high school play of 'The King and I.' After getting his master's degree from the Yale School of Drama in 1980, he made his Broadway debut five years later.
The former Van Halen vocalist celebrates his birthday on October 10. Known for his wild persona on and off stage, Roth had a pretty successful solo career before rejoining the band after more than 20 years.
The 'Shameless' actress celebrates her birthday on October 11. Joan's father, Dick Cusack, was an actor and filmmaker, and two of her four siblings, Ann and John, are also actors. One of her most well-known roles was playing the role of uptight principal "Roz" Mullins in 2003's 'School of Rock.'
The "WAP" rapper celebrates her birthday on October 11. Cardi has been recognized as being one of the most influential female rappers of all time. She got her stage name as a derivation of the rum brand Bacardi.
The 'Logan' actor celebrates his birthday on October 12. Jackman got his start in acting with theater and television, having the realization at 22 years old to pursue the career. His most famous role is as Logan/Wolverine, which he has played in a number of X-Men and solo films.
The 'Borat' actor celebrates his birthday on October 13. Cohen began his acting career on television in England, but worked as a fashion model after college. He is best known for his fictional satirical characters Ali G, Borat Sagdiyev, Brüno Gehard, and Admiral General Aladeen.
The "Mrs. Robinson" singer also celebrates his birthday on the 13th. Simon met Art Garfunkel at 10 years old and began singing together at age 13. The two rose to prominence when they formed Simon &amp; Garfunkel in the 60s. He's been a very successful solo singer since the '70s, and has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with Simon &amp; Garfunkel and as a solo act.
The English comedian and actor celebrates his birthday on the 14th. Coogan began his career in the 80s as a voice actor before starring in films in the early 2000s like 'Around the World in 80 Days' and 'Tropic Thunder.'
The "Superstar" singer also celebrates his birthday on October 14. After rising to fame in the late 90s, the artist continues to achieve success, with a residency in Las Vegas, and performing at the Super Bowl in 2024.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers bassist celebrates his birthday on October 16. Flea, whose real name is Michael Peter Balzary, was first given the nickname as a teenager for his seeming inability to sit still. The musician is also a member of the supergroups Atoms for Peace and Rocket Juice &amp; the Moon.
The "Till I Collapse" rapper celebrates his birthday on October 17. His debut in the film industry with '8 Mile' is a classic biopic. Venturing into the food industry, Eminem opened up a restaurant in Detroit called Mom's Spaghetti, referencing his lyrics to his iconic "Lose Yourself" song.
The Fugees founder celebrates his birthday on the 17th as well. Jean pursued a solo career and produced and co-wrote Shakira's hit, "Hips Don't Lie" in 2006. In 2019, Wyclef released his ninth studio album, 'Wyclef Goes Back to School Volume 1.'
The 'Succession' actor celebrates his birthday on October 17 as well. Prior to his role as Tom Wambsgans in the HBO drama series, he gained prominence in 2005 for starring alongside Keira Knightley in 'Pride &amp; Prejudice.'
The 'High School Musical' alum celebrates his birthday on October 18. Efron began acting in the early 2000s, appearing in television series before landing the role as Troy Bolton in the Disney Channel teen film.
The actor and martial artist celebrates his birthday on October 18. He moved to America from Belgium in 1982 to pursue the career. He got his first big break as the lead in the martial arts film 'Bloodsport.' From the late 80s to the late 90s, Van Damme starred in globally popular action films.
The "So Sick" singer celebrates his birthday on the 18th. Ne-Yo, whose real name is Shaffer Chimere Smith, was given his stage name by producer Big D Evans, because he said Ne-Yo sees music like Neo sees the Matrix.
The 'A Quiet Place' star celebrates his birthday on October 20. Prior to his work as director and star of the film series, he was widely known for his role as Jim Halpert on 'The Office.'
The "Free Fallin'" singer was born on October 20. Petty got his interest in rock and roll when he met Elvis Presley at ten years old. When he saw the Beatles perform on television, he knew he wanted to be in a band. He passed away in 2017 due to mixed drug toxicity. He had wrapped his tour just days earlier.
The "Drop It Like It's Hot" rapper celebrates his birthday on the 20th. Snoop, whose real name is Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr., got his nickname from his mother due to his love and likeness to the 'Peanuts' character.
The "Bury Me In Georgia" singer celebrates his birthday on the 21st. Brown grew up listening to country music but became interested in R&amp;B in middle school. However, after almost winning a school talent show in 11th grade with a rendition of Chris Young's "Gettin' You Home", he began to perform country music.
The rapper and singer celebrates her birthday on the 21st as well. Doja, whose real name is Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini, began making and releasing music on SoundCloud as a teenager. She earned viral success as an internet meme with her 2018 single "Mooo!"
The reality star celebrates her birthday on the 21st. She first gained media attention as Paris Hilton's stylist and friend, but it wasn't until her infamous sex tape with her then-boyfriend Ray-J was released in 2007 that she was widely known. She has been on reality television with her family since 2007.
The frequent Wes Anderson collaborating actor celebrates his birthday on October 22. He moved to New York City at 17 years old to pursue his acting career, and made his Broadway debut in 'Two Gentlemen of Verona.'
The 'Better Call Saul' star also celebrates his birthday on the 22nd. Odenkirk first tapped into comedy, writing sketches for his college's radio stations. He was later hired  as a writer at 'Saturday Night Live' in 1987 and worked there through 1991, appearing in several small roles in the sketch show.
The "Runnin" rapper celebrates his birthday on October 22. The London-born, Georgia-raised rapper started to become known after dropping two mixtapes in 2015, but received global attention after releasing an EP with Metro Boomin the following year.
The 'Back To The Future' alum celebrates his birthday on October 22. Lloyd took acting classes in New York when he was 19 years old. After being on Broadway and other theater productions, he landed his first film role as psychiatric patient Max Taber in 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest in 1975.'
The 'Deadpool' star celebrates his birthday on October 23. The Canadian-born actor began his career in teen soap opera 'Hillside' in the early 90s. In 2020, he and fellow actor  Rob McElhenney bought Welsh football club Wrexham A.F.C. and has a documentary television series about the team.
The 'Game of Thrones' alum celebrates her birthday on October 23 as well. Clarke became interested in acting at age three after seeing a production of the musical 'Show Boat.' She was cast in her third professional role in 2010, as Daenerys Targaryen in the HBO fantasy series, which she received critical acclaim for.
The "Jimmy Cooks" rapper celebrates his birthday on October 24. As "October's Very Own," Drake began his career as an actor at 15 years old on the Canadian teen drama series 'Degrassi: The Next Generation.' Series creators previously said he regularly arrived late on set after spending nights recording music. To prevent this, they came to an agreement for Drake to come after his studio session to come to set and sleep in a dressing room.
The actor and comedian celebrates his birthday on October 25. Known for his roles in 'The Office' and in comedic films like 'Pineapple Express' and 'This Is The End,' Robinson got his start doing stand-up and taking improv classes while still in college.
The "Dark Horse" singer celebrates her birthday on October 25. Born Katheryn Elizabeth Hudson, the artist released a contemporary Christian record called 'Katy Hudson.' To avoid confusion with actress Kate Hudson, she adopted her stage name by using her mother's maiden name.
The "You'll Think Of Me" singer celebrates his birthday on October 26. At just four years old, the New Zealander, was given a ukulele after expressing his interest in music. At age six, he started learning to play the guitar. His early influences were his parents, who enjoyed country music.
The 'Family Guy' creator and star celebrates his birthday on October 26. He developed an interest in illustration at two years old, drawing cartoon characters like Fred Flintstone and Woody Woodpecker. By age five, he knew he wanted to pursue a career in animation, and began by creating flip books. At nine years old, he began publishing a weekly comic strip, 'Walter Crouton,' for the local paper.
The "JoHn Muir" rapper celebrates his birthday on October 26. Q, whose real name is Quincy Matthew Hanley,  wrote his first verse when he was 16, but wasn't serious about music until he was 21. When he released 'Oxymoron' in 2014, his first three singles became his best-performing as a lead artist to date.
The 'Fashion Police' alum celebrates her birthday on October 27. In 2022, she welcomed a son with  Slipknot DJ Sid Wilson. She reunited with her family on their 'The Osbournes Podcast' in 2023 after a 5-year hiatus.
The 'Pretty Woman' star celebrates her birthday on October 28. Roberts made her big screen debut in 1988 in 'Satisfaction' alongside Liam Neeson. That same year, she starred in the independent rom-com, 'Mystic Pizza,' which earned her critical praise.
The 'Her' star celebrates his birthday on October 28 as well. Phoenix began his career by appearing in television series in the early '80s with his late brother, River. In Joaquin's early film roles, he went by the name Leaf Phoenix, but went back to using his birth name by the time he appeared in 1995's 'To Die For.'
The "Pyramids" singer celebrates his birthday on the 28th. Frank, whose real name is Christopher Edwin Breaux, began his music career as a ghostwrite before joining Odd Future in 2010. He debuted his first studio album, 'Channel Orange,' two years later,
The "Whiskey Lullaby" singer celebrates his birthday on the 28th. Paisley attributes his love of country music from his maternal grandfather, who gave him his first guitar and taught him how to play at eight years old. In the third grade, he performed for the first time in public by singing in his church.
The 'Perfect Find' actress celebrates her birthday on October 29. Her acting career began in the 90s, making appearances on television sitcoms, before landing roles in teen films 'She's All That' and '10 Things I Hate About You.' She rose to greater prominence after she landed her breakthrough role in 2000s 'Bring It On.'
Celebrating her birthday on the 29th as well is the 'Stranger Things' star. Ryder, whose real name is Winona Laura Horowitz, began her acting career playing quirky roles, before landing more diverse roles in the 90s in films like 'Edward Scissorhands,' 'Little Women,' and 'Girl, Interrupted.'
Also celebrating her birthday on the 29th is the 'Girlfriends' actress. Ross, whose mother is Diana Ross, graduated Brown University in 1994 with a theatre degree. She made her big screen debut in 1996's 'Far Harbor.'
The 'Barry' star celebrates his birthday on October 30. He rose to fame as Fonzie on 'Happy Days,' and has since established himself as a distinguished actor both on stage and in films like 'Heroes' and 'The Waterboy.'
The 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' alum celebrates her birthday on October 30 as well. Besides playing Lisa on 'The Fresh Prince,' she also rose to prominence after starring in 1991's 'Boyz n the Hood.' She also appeared in 'Friday,' 'The Best Man,' and ' Big Momma's House.'
The 'Black Panther' actress celebrates her birthday on October 31. Wright began her career with guest roles in television series 'Top Boy,' 'Doctor Who,' and 'Black Mirror,' the latter in which she was nominated for an Emmy. Her desire to start acting started after she watched the 2006 film 'Akeelah and the Bee.'
The 'Hot Chick' actor celebrates his birthday on the 31st as well. After several years performing stand-up comedy, he was a cast member and writer for 'Saturday Night Live' from 1988 to 1994. After leaving 'SNL,' he starred in comedic films like 'Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo,' 'The Animal,' and 'The Benchwarmers.'
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!