ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Blackpink singer Rosé is now the first solo female K-pop musician to score a top 10 hit on ... More Billboard's Pop Airplay chart, as "Apt." with Bruno Mars climbs to No. 9.   INDIO, CALIFORNIA - APRIL 22: Rosé of BLACKPINK performs at the Coachella Stage during the 2023 Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival on April 22, 2023 in Indio, California. (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for Coachella)
Rosé introduced the world to her debut solo album Rosie with the set’s lead single, “Apt.,” which was released this fall. The tune has been slipping on some Billboard charts ever since, as Christmas tunes have pushed it down…though that retreat may stop in only a few days. The duet with Bruno Mars has been steadily climbing on radio rankings in the U.S., even as it slides backward on sales and streaming lists, and with each passing frame, the tune continues to make history.
“Apt.” reaches a very special new peak on one of the several radio rosters it appears on this frame. Rosé’s single steps up from No. 11 to No. 9 on the Pop Airplay chart, the main ranking of the most successful tunes at top 40 pop radio stations throughout the country. This week marks its first inside the top 10, and she’s in a league almost entirely of her own as the song ascends.
The Blackpink singer is the first solo female K-pop musician to reach the top 10 on Billboard’s Pop Airplay ranking. While she was born in New Zealand, Rosé built her career in the K-pop genre, and she’s most closely associated with that style and that industry.
Only one other soloist from South Korea has managed to hit the top 10 on the Pop Airplay list. Psy’s “Gangnam Style” once peaked at No. 10 more than a decade ago. Rosé beats that record by one space, so her smash now stands as the loftiest of all time among soloists from the Asian nation on the top 40 pop roster.
Last week, Rosé was tied for the honor of claiming the second-highest-rising hit by any soloist who hailed from the South Korean music business. Jung Kook reached No. 11 in mid-2022 alongside pop singer Charlie Puth, as the two worked together on “Left and Right,” which became a big hit. Now, she has passed both Jung Kook and Psy’s performances.
Only three songs by South Korean musical acts–not just soloists–have risen higher on the Pop Airplay chart. BTS’s “Dynamite” still claims the record for the loftiest peak, as it soared all the way to No. 5 four years ago.
That boy band is tied with South Korean girl group Fifty Fifty for second place on this all-time pop radio list. The septet’s “Butter” stalled at No. 7 in 2021. Last year, Fifty Fifty’s “Cupid” reached that same rung, before reversing course.
“Apt.” is not necessarily done climbing, and the list of the top-performing tracks by South Korean artists on the Pop Airplay chart could change again. Rosé and Mars may continue to push their global win forward, and there’s no telling how much higher it might climb in the coming weeks. The track has proved to be hugely popular, and Rosé’s collaborator is known as one of the most reliable hitmakers in pop radio history, so it seems like the sky may be the limit.