ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
PARIS, FRANCE - SEPTEMBER 26: (EDITORIAL USE ONLY - For Non-Editorial use please seek approval from ... More Fashion House) Rosé of South Korean girl group BLACKPINK attends the Saint Laurent Womenswear Spring/Summer 2024 show as part of Paris Fashion Week  on September 26, 2023 in Paris, France. Blackpink singer Rosé leaps over smashes from Jung Kook, Jimin, and even BTS with her breakout solo hit, which is one space away from hitting No. 1 in the U.K. (Photo by Stephane Cardinale - Corbis/Corbis via Getty Images)
Rosé’s new single “Apt.” isn’t just a hit—it’s much more than that. The tune is a historic win for the Blackpink singer, and it’s only getting bigger with time. The smash rises in its second week on the U.K. charts, and it’s become a very special win for the superstar.
“Apt.” now ranks as the second-highest-rising song by any South Korean musical act in the history of the United Kingdom’s singles chart. This frame, the tune—a collaboration with Bruno Mars—lifts from No. 4 to No. 2 on the ranking of the most-consumed cuts in the nation.
As it lands in the runner-up rung, “Apt.” passes several other smashes from K-pop favorites. Only one track by a South Korean musician has hit No. 1 in U.K. history, and Rosé stands a real shot of tying that record in a few days.
“Gangnam Style” remains the only No. 1 hit in the U.K. by a South Korean artist. That smash reached the throne on the country’s most competitive singles ranking more than a decade ago, and ever since, soloists and groups have been trying to replicate that incredible success.
As it leaps from fourth place to second, “Apt.” jumps over some of the biggest hits by South Korean musical stars on the list of those tunes that have risen highest among that group. Four tunes were tied as the second-loftiest placements among only artists from that Asian nation, including Jung Kook’s “Seven” with rapper Latto. Three BTS hits, “Butter,” “Dynamite,” and “My Universe” with Coldplay, which all peaked at No. 3.
Last week, Rosé was matched with Jimin, who recently reached a new all-time high on the singles chart across the pond. His most recent focus, “Who,” climbed to No. 4 only a short time ago.
“Apt.” benefits not only from Rosé’s massive global popularity, but also Bruno Mars’. The singer-songwriter recently returned after a years-long hiatus with “Die with a Smile,” his collaboration with Lady Gaga. The two scored a huge smash with the throwback-sounding cut, and it prepped him for more success with the Blackpink singer.
This week, “Apt.” is present inside the top 10 on five charts in the U.K. The song even debuts at No. 1 on the Official Physical Singles ranking, meaning both Rosé and Mars earn their first leader on the list of the bestselling individual tunes on any physical medium in the country.