By 

	Emily Zemler


Rosé stopped by The Tonight Show to perform a dynamic medley of two recent solo tracks, hit single “Apt” and “Toxic Till the End.” 

	The Blackpink singer took over host Jimmy Fallon‘s desk to begin the performance, eventually going out into the late-night audience to involve them in singing the upbeat lyrics in “Apt.” She then shifted to the more reflective “Toxic Till the End,” showcasing it from the stage with her band. 

	Rosé also sat down with Fallon to discuss her debut solo album, Rosie, which dropped last week and working with Bruno Mars on “Apt.” Fallon asked if she ever imagined she would be this big of a star with such an international audience. 

	“I grew up in Australia so it always felt like it wasn’t really much of a possibility for me to be a singer,” she said. “So I never really dreamed of it. But I do remember singing until midnight every day and my dad eventually just sent me to an audition because I think he wanted to kick me out.” She added that she spent all her time in the living room singing and playing piano because “Australia is really boring. There’s not much to do.” 

	










	The singer recalled her audition for Blackpink, saying she “thought it was a joke” but wanted to make some good memories. “They called me and I was like, ‘What is happening?'” she laughed of the result. 

Rosie features 12 tracks, including singles “Apt.,” featuring Bruno Mars, and “Number One Girl.” The full-length project follows Rosé’s debut solo singles in 2021, “On the Ground” and “Gone.” She first shared the news about her debut solo album in October 2024. “I have poured my blood and tears into this album,” she wrote on Instagram, adding, “I cannot wait for you to listen to this little journal of mine.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Last month, Rosé revealed that Taylor Swift shared some advice with her as she was “drowning a little” while launching her solo career. “I told her I’m such a huge fan, and I just had some questions,” Rosé said in an interview about meeting Swift earlier this year. “As soon as she met me, she’s like, ‘Spill, let me help you out.’”

	“She gave me her experiences and was so ready to help me,” Rosé confirmed. “She gave me her number, and she’s like, ‘Let me know if you have any questions.’ Who does that? Like, you’re Taylor Swift! I’m really grateful for her because I was at a moment where I was drowning a little.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.