Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Romeo Beckham celebrated his 22nd birthday recently, and he did it in style with a night out in Las Vegas with his family. And 50-year-old Victoria certainly took her role as mum of the birthday boy seriously, making sure that she performed that essential parental duty of embarrassing her son on his bag day.
Victoria and 49-year-old hubby David took to Instagram to show off their fun weekend, which they shared with two of their other kids Cruz, 19, and Harper, 13. The family saw Bruno Mars perform before heading out for dinner at trendy restaurant Komodo. There, Romeo was presented with a huge cake courtesy of their friend, nightclub mogal David Grutman.
Mortified at the extravagance of the of the cake – a whopping four tiers with sparklers on the top – Romeo covered his face with his hands. But Victoria was of course filming her son’s embarrassment for posterity and made sure it was soon posted online.
She wrote in the post: "I'm not responsible for this cake fyi!"
Romeo also received huge champagne balloons as part of the celebration which he posed with. The family also enjoyed lining up for a photo in front of the fountains of Bellagio Resort, which is famous for its musical fountain show.
“Amazing weekend in Vegas celebrating @romeobeckham….. we love u so so much!!!” Victoria posted.
Missing from the family gathering was their eldest son Brooklyn Beckham, 25, didn't join them on the trip as he is holidaying with wife Nicola Peltz, 29.
As always, the celebrations saw Victoria looked super chic in a black strapless jumpsuit, teamed with heels and a shoulder bag. Romeo kept it stylish in an all-black ensemble, while Cruz was dressed in a shirt and baggy trousers. David looks slick in a pink silk shirt while Harper went for a rock-chick look in her black Bruno Mars t-shirt.
The trip comes after it was reported that footballer Romeo – who split with girlfriend Mia Regan back in March – has left his Premier League club Brentford to focus on a different career entirely.
The midfielder was offered a new contract in June to stay on with their B team but has turned it down.
According to The Sun, Romeo has decided to hang up his football boots and devote his time to his fashion career.
“He has loved his time at Brentford but needs to focus his attention on fashion, which is where his passion lies,” a source told the paper.
It appears Romeo is hoping to follow in his designer mother Victoria's footsteps in the fashion industry as he has signed with top Paris fashion agency Safe Management.