The video comes after fans speculated that the duo would collaborate on a new song. 

													By
												

	Stephen Daw

Pride Editor

	In the words of Lady Gaga herself: “That’s gossip, what you on/ Money don’t talk, rip that song.” 

	On Tuesday (Aug. 13), Gaga shared a video to her social media teasing new music. Sitting at a white Roland piano, Gaga plucked out a few chords before smiling into the camera and stopping the recording. While that may not seem like much to go on, fans noticed that Gaga specifically showed the camera the t-shirt she was wearing, which had Bruno Mars‘ face on it. 

	The singer’s new post comes just after rumors surfaced online that a potential collaboration between Gaga and Mars was coming soon. According to a post from Hits Daily Double‘s “Rumor Mill,” the song is allegedly titled “Die With a Smile” and is potentially set to be released “sometime this month.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Bruno Mars		
					






















	
		
					Lady Gaga		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	When Gaga commented with a series of emojis on Mars’ Instagram post from his tour stops in Mexico City on Monday, fans immediately began replying with speculation about the rumored collab. “SO IS IT REAL???” one eager fan wrote in reply to her comment, while another simply demanded, “DROP THE SONG.” 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	It wouldn’t be the first time Gaga has teased new music in recent weeks — following her headline-making performance at the opening ceremony of the 2024 Paris Olympics, Gaga took to the streets to play fans new songs from her forthcoming seventh studio album. Appearing from a limousine’s sunroof outside her hotel in Paris, Gaga opened her laptop and played two short snippets from the fan-dubbed “LG7” for a crowd of eager listeners.

Billboard has reached out to Gaga’s representatives for comment. Check out her video below.
A post shared by Lady Gaga (@ladygaga)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.