Miley Cyrus performs "Flowers" during the 66th annual Grammy Awards on Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Chris Pizzello)Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP
Miley Cyrus is facing a lawsuit over accusations that her 2023 hit “Flowers” copies elements of the 2013 Bruno Mars track “When I Was Your Man,” according to a report by TheWrap.
Tempo Music Investments, which owns a portion of “When I Was Your Man,” alleges the Cyrus hit “includes unauthorized exploitation” of components from the Mars track and that Cyrus stole those elements along with her co-writers, the report said.
Tempo went on to say that “Flowers” includes “the melodic pitch design and sequence of the verse, the connecting bassline, certain bars of the chorus, certain theatrical music elements, lyric elements and specific chord progressions,” the report said.
“Any fan of Bruno Mars’ ‘When I Was Your Man’ knows that Miley Cyrus’ ‘Flowers’ did not achieve all of that success on its own,’' the lawsuit alleges. “Flowers’ duplicates numerous melodic, harmonic, and lyrical elements of ‘When I Was Your Man,’” the lawsuit alleges.
The lawsuit states that damages should be determined at the end of a potential trail, or that the company should be paid $150,000 per infringement, the report said.
“Flowers” earned Cyrus her very first Grammy when she won for Best Pop Solo Performance earlier this year.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices