Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
Self-acknowledged “nepo baby” Hailey Bieber says she’s no longer particularly close with her famous family, the Baldwins, as she gets ready to forge her own brood.
The 27-year-old model and expectant mom’s remarks were made to W Magazine last month, but didn’t see the light of day Tuesday. The Summer Issue, covered by Bieber and her baby bump, comes just weeks after uncle Alec Baldwin’s manslaughter trial was dismissed.
“I’m not super close with my family at this point in my life because I feel like I’m very independent,” said the Rhode beauty brand founder. “I’m my own individual now, and I’ve built my own family.”
Despite the advantageous beginnings afforded her by her maiden name, Bieber — the wife of pop star Justin and daughter of actor Stephen Baldwin — told the magazine that she “had a fairly normal childhood” growing up in Nyack, N.Y.
“Obviously, I come from the family that I come from, and I always recognized that that was different,” said Bieber, whose celebrity extends to her YouTube channel. “But when I look back on my childhood and how I grew up, I have very fond, beautiful memories.”
Bieber, who went by Baldwin until tying the knot in 2019, signaled that she made a go of it on her own once she started modeling as a teen, noting she “had to learn how to live on my own and pay bills.
“That pushed me into adulthood kind of quickly, when most of my friends were just leaving for college,” said Bieber, who last year responded to allegations of nepotism by sporting a “Nepo baby” tee.
Related Articles


			Ruth Buzzi dies at 88; actor co-starred in groundbreaking sketch comedy ‘Laugh-In’		




			East Bay director shot by Alec Baldwin disses actor’s reality TV show		




			50 years later, Kiss legend Gene Simmons reflects on ‘Rock and Roll All Nite’		




			Hugh Jackman ripped for Blake Lively support amid Sutton Foster drama		




			Who is Jeff Sperbeck? NFL agent who fell from golf cart driven by John Elway had Bay Area ties		

Bieber’s interview was published less than two weeks after the case against her Emmy-winning uncle, 66, fell apart on July 12.
Baldwin had been charged with involuntary manslaughter for the 2021 shooting death of Halyna Hutchins. The cinematographer was killed on the New Mexico set of “Rust,” produced by and starring Baldwin, who fired a live round from a prop gun, also injuring director Joel Souza. The judge dismissed the case with prejudice after it came to light that evidence had not been disclosed to the defense team.
Baldwin’s legal team last week said they plan to sue the Santa Fe sheriff and prosecutor in that case.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group