Business Editor
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock in May. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on the Fourth of July.
A Napa Valley fan had a viral moment of fame when he unexpectedly joined the rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock.
Now, the video of the encounter will be part of a CNN TV special, “The Fourth In America,” on Thursday, Independence Day.
Angwin resident Charlie Carpy is a “huge” fan of The Kid LAROI, an Australian rapper and singer-songwriter.
Carpy, who goes to Boise State University, said he admires the performer’s videos and stage presence, and the fact that LAROI is about his same age.
“He’s my favorite artist,” said Carpy, who turned 20 on Thursday. “I know him like the back of my hand.”
When Carpy heard The Kid LAROI was performing at BottleRock, he knew he had to do something.
Using colored pens and posterboard, Carpy created a handmade sign.
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock.
“Can I sing with you?” it read.
To his amazement, The Kid LAROI saw the sign at the Napa music festival and invited Carpy to do just that.
It’s called “Stay,” a song by Laroi and Justin Bieber.
If Carpy was surprised to be on stage, he didn’t let it show. He confidently sang and danced on the stage with The Kid LAROI. At one point, the singer even passed him the microphone.
He knows the lyrics to “Stay” by heart, said Carpy. “I’ve practiced that a lot. I was just having a great time,” he said of the experience.
Carpy has some experience performing; he sings and writes songs and also plays the guitar. He was also in a choir for four years.
And LAROI was very encouraging, according to Carpy. “He was smiling and giving me this ‘You got this’ look,” he said.
The crowd at the Napa Valley Expo, which included a number of Carpy’s friends, went crazy.
“I didn’t feel any nerves at all," he said. "I just kind of let loose.”
Video from a BottleRock encounter between Angwin resident Charlie Carpy and rapper The Kid LAROI will be aired by CNN on the Fourth of July.
As he was leaving the stage at BottleRock, a film crew stopped Carpy, and asked him to sign waivers and releases. A part of his appearance would be shown on the CNN special, they told him.
The next day Carpy was invited to the artist’s lounge area at BottleRock. He saw singers including Ed Sheeran and Dominic Fike, and met a number of people in the music industry. Those insiders had some advice for him — namely, get an entertainment attorney.
Carpy, a kinesiology student in college, is hoping to make the most of his viral moment. For a start, he’s recording a new song at a studio in Napa this week, titled “All Alone.” It will become available on streaming platforms. 
Seeing the video of her son on stage was “crazy and out of this world,” said Carpy’s mom Danielle Carpy.
Music has always been in her son’s heart, she said. “But he didn’t follow his dreams in music because the chances of actually becoming someone is slim," said Danielle. "So this could be a step that way.”
Charlie Carpy’s “performance” at BottleRock only lasted about three minutes, “But it felt like I was up there for 30 seconds,” he said. And even if it was only 30 seconds, “It was the best 30 seconds of my life.”
“The Fourth In America” will air on CNN at 4 p.m. PDT on July Fourth. The program's announced lineup features performances from The Kid LAROI, Bebe Rexha, The Killers, The Goo Goo Dolls, Kane Brown, T-Pain, Bleachers, Keith Urban and others.
Video of Carpy’s appearance with The Kid LAROI at BottleRock is expected to be seen on CNN shortly after 4 p.m. PDT.
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on July 4. 
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on July 4. 
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on July 4. 
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on July 4. 
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on July 4. 
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock.
Charlie Carpy of Angwin got a glimpse of fame when he unexpectedly joined rapper The Kid LAROI on stage during a performance at BottleRock in May. Video from the encounter will be shown on CNN on the Fourth of July.
Video from a BottleRock encounter between Angwin resident Charlie Carpy and rapper The Kid LAROI will be aired by CNN on the Fourth of July.
The Kid Laroi performs on day four of the Lollapalooza Music Festival on Sunday, July 31, 2022, at Grant Park in Chicago. (Photo by Amy Harris/Invision/AP)
Katarina Deme, left, and The Kid Laroi arrive at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Sunday, April 3, 2022, in Las Vegas. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
The Kid Laroi arrives at the 64th Annual Grammy Awards at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on Sunday, April 3, 2022, in Las Vegas. (Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
After a successful premiere in 2020, Australian musician and teen sensation The Kid LAROI debuted the remix version of his smash hit song “Without You” with singer Miley Cyrus on “Saturday Night Live” in May 2021. The song went viral on TikTok, which is where the singer also got a huge response after name-checking TikTok megastar Addison Rae. LAROI also had a mentor-like relationship with the late rapper Juice Wrld, who died in December 2021 from a drug overdose. “That was my big brother. I learned a whole lot from him,” the rising artist said of his friend in an interview with HotNewHipHop.
The repetitive rhythm of “Stay” makes this pop song a dance hit and a TikTok favorite. Variety named it 2021’s Song of the Summer, and the track debuted at #3 on Billboard’s Hot 100 chart. This is the second collaboration between LAROI and Bieber, with the first being “Unstable” from “Justice,” Bieber’s sixth studio album.
Justin Bieber, left, and The Kid Laroi perform "Stay"at the MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on Sunday, Sept. 12, 2021, in New York. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
The Kid Laroi performs "Stay"at the MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on Sunday, Sept. 12, 2021, in New York. (Photo by Charles Sykes/Invision/AP)
The Kid Laroi, right, and Katarina Deme arrive at the MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on Sunday, Sept. 12, 2021, in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP)
You can reach reporter Jennifer Huffman at 707-256-2218 or jhuffman@napanews.com
Business Editor
Friends and family of Berryessa's Turtle Rock bar collected the money pined to the ceiling of the cafe to donate to UCSF and celebrate the 15-year 'cancerversary' of Elijah Leung.
Take a ride around Napa on these motorized ADA-compliant scooters made to look like various critters and creatures, courtesy of Napa Valley Rydables.
Most of Napa’s River Park Shopping Center tenants cater to locals, not wine country visitors. Now a handful of tenants have left the center, or plan to. What's up at River Park? 
Protests will take place in Napa and across the Bay Area on Thursday as part of what are expected to be over 900 nationwide demonstrations for May Day.
The sheriff's office reported seizing 13 roosters from a Carneros site where it said the birds were altered and trained to fight other male birds.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Receive a daily update, along with our weekly Thursday e-edition.
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.