The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Get $25 tickets to over 5,000 shows… Linkin Park reports… Kelly Clarkson & Peyton Manning to host Olympics opening ceremony… Lenny Kravitz workout outfit… and Justin Bieber concerns
Live Nation is offering $25 tickets to see more than 900 artists at 5,000 concerts in 2024… These tickets will be available May 8-14, otherwise known as Concert Week. In fact this is the 10th annual Concert Week, and in celebration of that, Live Nation has expanded the promotion to 20 countries. Artists include the likes of Blink-182, Willie Nelson, P!nk, Creed, 21 Savage, Alanis Morissette, Dan + Shay, Janet Jackson, Meghan Traitor, Peso Pluma and more. And the $25 is your all-in cost, so don’t worry about paying any extra fees, if you can get your hands on these tickets! Presale for T-Mobile and Rakuten customers begins on May 7, with the general on-sale starting May 8 and continues while supplies last.
Get $25 tickets to over 5,000 shows during Live Nation’s #ConcertWeek. May 8-14th—don’t miss out! Details here https://t.co/Imf7LVmRvw pic.twitter.com/bQcZZh2FmU
It’s been almost 7 years since their lead singer Chester Bennington passed away, but some members of Linkin Park want to get back out on tour. Mike Shinoda, Brad Delson and Dave Farrell are finally ready to get back out there and perform, but drummer Rob Bourdon and DJ Joe Hahn apparently aren’t on board. As far as a lead singer, the guys reportedly are considering hiring a female. While they decide what direction to take, Linkin Park’s booking agency is taking offers for tours and possible festival dates.
Linkin Park Are Reportedly Considering Getting Back On The Road With A New Singer https://t.co/98SyUXczL4 pic.twitter.com/VzsBJXeMMM
In TV and streaming news, NBC has hired Kelly Clarkson and Peyton Manning to join Mike Tirico as correspondents for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Live coverage begins at noon Eastern on July 26.  Kelly, Peyton and Mike will be set up in a prime location at the Trocadero with views of the Eiffel Tower. Organizers said the opening ceremony along the Seine River will be held during sunset. This is the first time an Olympic opening ceremony will be held outside a stadium setting, keeping in line with the Paris organizers’ motto, “Games Wide Open.”
Peyton Manning, Kelly Clarkson Aim to Shake Up NBC's Paris Olympics Open https://t.co/tfsku82G8f
Lenny Kravitz went viral for posting a video of himself pumping iron while wearing leather pants. He has since explained, “I’m always working out in leather pants or jeans and boots and whatever, if I’m not doing cardio. If I’m doing cardio, obviously I’m going to wear sweats because I’m going to be sweating all over the place. But if I’m lifting weights, I don’t sweat so much.” Lenny says he’s simply too busy to stop and change into workout gear. He said, “I’m coming from somewhere or I’m going somewhere, and I just don’t care. I’m gonna pop in, I’ve got 45 minutes, we’re gonna hit it and I’m gonna go run to where I’m going. So I don’t do it for effect. I didn’t do that to be like, ‘Oh, let me be just so different and wear leather pants and glasses.’ No, it’s just me walking in off the street.” And don’t be looking at Lenny with a side-eye, either. He said,  “I know what I’m doing. And my trainer knows what he’s doing. And I know my body and what my body does and what it can do and how it feels and it’s all good. I trained with elite athletes, I trained with football players, NFL and NBA stars. I trained with MLB stars, wrestlers, boxers. I’ve played with them all. I won’t mention names, but they’re all people you would know. And they’ll tell you I train very seriously.”
#LennyKravitz could have gone straight from the gym to the stage in his latest workout clothes.See more https://t.co/tJasZ9I17V pic.twitter.com/9nDwrUWoKI
Justin Bieber posted some crying selfies the other day without any explanation, leaving it up to interpretation. Of course, gossipmongers immediately jump to the conclusion that his marriage is in trouble. In Touch seems to align itself with that theory. They’ve got a source who says Justin got his own place in Beverly Hills and only spend a few nights a week at the home he shares with Hailey. The source said their issues involve “his exes, starting a family, and his endless adolescent tantrums.” But I’m choosing to go with the Daily Mail’s explanation. A source told them that Justin was overcome with emotion while praying and was simply sharing a vulnerable moment with his followers. Their source said, “Justin wears his emotions on his sleeve and it is no secret that he is very religious. The pictures he put up of him crying may have prompted fans to question his wellbeing, and whether his marriage is on the rocks – but it was about his love of Jesus. It is deep, but he prays and often sheds tears after diving into his faith and though he prays and gives thanks for all that he has in his life, he gets carried away and the emotions that come from it all are released through tears.” The source went on to say that Justin isn’t ashamed or embarrassed and that he wants people to see his emotions. The source said, “He believes it shows some maturity that he once didn’t have. In a word, he thinks it is beautiful.” Meantime, Justin and Hailey look like they’re doing just fine. Paparazzi got photos of the couple vacationing together in Hawaii.
Fans are concerned for Justin Bieber’s mental health after he posted himself crying on his Instagram story. pic.twitter.com/KVNBaV5BGm

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show