Justin Bieber's fans claim to have uncovered a link to Sean 'Diddy' Combs in one of his songs.
Canadian pop star Bieber, 30, was catapulted to global fame in 2009 with his smash hit One Time. Prior to his global stardom, Bieber had been signed by Scooter Braun and Usher, as well as L.A. Reid. Justin was also involved with P. Diddy who is currently being held in custody after being charged with a string of crimes including sex trafficking, racketeering and transportation for prostitution. Diddy pleaded not guilty and has been denied bail twice.
Since his arrest, clips of Diddy and Justin Bieber have resurfaced on social media when Bieber was a minor, with some branding the footage "creepy". In the clip, Justin says he spent "48 hours" with the disgraced singer. Speaking to the camera, Diddy says: "He's having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose. But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream. I have been given custody of him. He's signed to Usher and I had legal guardianship of him [Bieber] but for the next 48 hours he's with me and we're gonna go full crazy."
Now, fans of Bieber have suggested that Justin allegedly made hints about his encounter with Diddy in his 2020 track Lonely, taken from his Justice album. Lyrics on the track include: "And everybody saw me sick. And it felt like no one gave a s**t. They criticized the things I did as an idiot kid.
"What if you had it all. And it felt like nobody to call? Maybe then you'd know me. 'Cause I've had everything. But no one's listening. And that's just lonely. I'm so lonely. Lonely." Reflecting on the track in 2020, Justin told his 110.3 million followers on X, formerly known as Twitter: "To be honest the song is hard for me to listen to considering how tough it was to get through some of these chapters. I believe it is powerful to express vulnerability and that's why I believe this song is so powerful."
Fans have now taken to the micro-blogging site after allegedly spotting the correlation between the lyrics, with one writing: "No one protected him. Not even his family. I absolutely adore this song, but the words have always stood out to me. I hope he can heal with time #JustinBieber #Lonely #Diddy."
A second went on to add: "Did Diddy Influence Justin Bieber's Struggles?" Elsewhere, Justin admitted in a 2020 interview he 'believes he wouldn't be alive' if he continued on his 'self-destructing' path. His fans have been flocking to social media to share their support for him despite Justin's last post on Instagram being on September 3. On his latest post, one fan wrote: "The world should have protected you. I'm so sorry."
"Justice is coming bro!!!!!" one fan said and another commented: "Hollywood did you so wrong. Keep ya head up high. This darkness is coming to light." Reality mega-star Khloé Kardashian also claimed she saw a young Justin at Diddy's infamous "naked parties". A throwback from an episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians sees Khloe talking to one of her famous siblings about going to a Diddy party. The scene from the 2014 instalment titled Secrets of a Double Life shows her gushing about her night out to sister Kourtney Kardashian while nestled inside her wardrobe - and Khloe also revealed Justin Bieber, who would have been just 20 at the time, was in attendance.
Khloe shared: "I got on a plane at 5.30am. Well this party...I think half the people there were butt naked." She further teased: "You would have loved it." Kourtney Kardashian-Barker also asked her sister: "Who was with you this weekend?" to which Khloe said she was with a "bunch of friends". The latter then started to reel off names, saying: "Diddy. Quincy. Justin Bieber…" and Khloe confirmed she was with them, saying: "So far, so good."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.