En español
Her fans may have been right. All those social media photos where Selena Gomez had emoji stickers covering her left ring finger were hiding the engagement ring given to her by Benny Blanco.
And that's not the only thing the multi-millionaire star has been keeping under wraps, with her Spanish also coming into question.
According to The Daily Mail, the proposal from Blanco and Selena's "yes" didn't take place this week, but did so months ago. "They became engaged in August," an exclusive source reportedly told the British outlet.
Selena's fans, known as the 'Selenators,' miss nothing. They've been by her side since her early days on 'Barney,' so a major life event like this was no exception. They sensed something had changed. What's unusual is the artist and entrepreneur's decision to delay sharing the news about marrying "the man who has treated me best in my life."
The source, allegedly close to the Rare Beauty founder, revealed a compelling and understandable reason for the delay.
"Selena didn't want her engagement to be, in any way, associated with (her ex, Justin) Bieber," the source explained. This is because the Canadian artist and his wife, Hailey Bieber, welcomed their baby during the same period. Baby Jack Bieber was born on August 22, 2024.
"Selena knew articles would come out accusing her of getting engaged to steal attention from Justin's baby or to outshine him," the source added.
As mentioned, nothing gets past the 'Selenators.' Amid controversy surrounding her accent when speaking Spanish in the acclaimed film 'Emilia Pérez,' videos of Selena singing in her father's and grandparents' native tongue have resurfaced on social media.
She sounds much better in those videos than she does in the movie, which not only earned her and her co-stars Karla Sofía Gascón, Zoe Saldaña, and Adriana Paz the Best Actress award at the prestigious Cannes Film Festival but also made her one of the few artists to be nominated simultaneously at the Golden Globes for film, TV, and music.
Here's the proof:
#selenagomez #emiliaperez #trending
The collaboration she released three years ago with Colombian artist Camilo, part of her first Spanish-language album, which also includes tracks with Rauw Alejandro and others.
So what happened? We at ENSTARZ Latino, have a theory. Could it be that director Jacques Audiard of 'Emilia Pérez' gave her specific instructions? Perhaps her Spanish wasn't convincing enough to pass as fully Mexican but too good for a Mexican-American role?
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.