by 
	Maggie Clancy


	Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker might seem inseparable, but there’s some tension brewing that’s not so romantic. The issue? Kardashian reportedly wants to support a friend in need, but Barker isn’t exactly thrilled about the fact that she had a brief fling nearly a decade ago with said friend: Justin Bieber. 

	










	Bieber, like Ashton Kutcher and other celebrities, has been distancing himself from Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs amid Diddy’s sex trafficking and racketeering charges. Combs’ arrest and impending trial have triggered videos of him reminiscing about his parties to resurface, including one where he mentions a 48-hour hangout with a then-15-year-old Bieber.













	Related story



	
	
		
					Fans Have Serious Questions About Justin Bieber's Pal-Turned-Spiritual Guru As He Faces 'Cult' Accusations		
	










	Kardashian and Bieber were rumored to have had a brief fling in October 2015. Obviously, that didn’t last, as Kardashian is now married to Barker. She and the Blink-182 drummer went Instagram official in February 2021, got engaged in October of the same year, and celebrated their marriage with a lavish ceremony in May 2022 (plus a Las Vegas wedding, just for kicks).



	“Travis swears he’s not at all threatened by Justin, but he just finds it extremely disrespectful. Everyone knows Justin and Kourtney hooked up, whether Kourtney wants to admit it or not, and just from an ego perspective, Travis can’t handle the idea of people thinking she’s close to him again,” an insider told InTouch Weekly. 

	“Travis is very possessive of Kourtney and doesn’t want her spending time with anyone else, really, let alone a guy she used to have a thing with,” the insider continued.

	Still, it doesn’t seem that Kardashian is having these weird possessive vibes, either. After all, the two had a fling nearly a decade ago, and Bieber is married to Hailey Baldwin Bieber. The two just welcomed their first child. 

	“Ultimately, Kourtney is not going to disrespect Travis and go against his wishes, but at the same time, it is annoying to her. She wishes he would just get over it and act more mature. She has zero interest in Justin romantically. She’s just concerned for him like everyone else is and thinks he could use some support,” the insider said. 

	If Kardashian wants to support a friend in a time of need — a friend, to reiterate, who is also happily married — it doesn’t seem like that big of a deal. Here’s hoping the two can figure it out.


Before you go, click here to see the best photos from Kourtney Kardashian & Travis Barker’s wedding.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.