By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:10, 5 June 2024   |  Updated:  10:43, 5 June 2024   
 12
View  comments
Bebe Rexha made jaws drop as she arrived at the BMI Pop Awards at the swanky Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills on Tuesday night.
The hitmaker, 34, hit the red carpet in a busty black dress that showed off her hourglass curves.
The skintight frock had a sexy lace-up front and skinny black halter straps. 
Rexha — who recently opened up about her severe polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) symptoms — strutted her stuff in black sandal heels.
Rocking an edgy 'wet-hair' look, Rexha oozed confidence in front of cameras before accepting an award for her songwriting contributions.
Bebe Rexha made jaws drop as she arrived at the BMI Pop Awards at the swanky Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Beverly Hills on Tuesday night
As for makeup, the I'm A Mess singer paired sultry smokey eyeshadow with a glossy nude-toned pout.
Her complexion had a radiant, sun-kissed glow and she accessorized with a black velvet choker necklace.
The annual BMI Pop Awards celebrates 'songwriters and publishers' creating 'the most exciting and groundbreaking pop music today.'
The invite-only ceremony was hosted by BMI president & CEO, Mike O'Neill, and VP of Worldwide Creative, Barbara Cane, as per Billboard.
Music producer Benny Blanco received the coveted BMI President's Award. The award has previously been given to the likes of Taylor Swift and The Beach Boys' Brian Wilson.
Blanco, 36, is responsible for a slew of chart-topping hits performed by A-list artists like Katy Perry, Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande and his girlfriend Selena Gomez.
The multi-Grammy Award nominee is a 55-time BMI Award recipient.
'Benny's numerous contributions to the art of music and songwriting across all genres are unparalleled. His artistry and dedication to his craft have profoundly inspired and influenced many in our creative communities and we are thrilled to be honoring him with the BMI President's Award,' Cane said of Blanco in a statement.
The hitmaker, 34, hit the red carpet in a busty black dress that showed off her hourglass curves
The skintight frock had a sexy lace-up front and skinny black halter straps
Rocking an edgy 'wet-hair' look, Rexha oozed confidence in front of cameras before accepting an award for her songwriting contributions
 The annual BMI Pop Awards celebrates 'songwriters and publishers' creating 'the most exciting and groundbreaking pop music today'
Music producer Benny Blanco received the coveted BMI President's Award
The award has previously been given to the likes of Taylor Swift and The Beach Boys' Brian Wilson
Blanco, 35, is responsible for a slew of chart-topping hits performed by A-list artists like Katy Perry, Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande and his girlfriend Selena Gomez
Wielding his trophy, Blanco hit the red carpet in a stylish off-white, patchwork outfit and comfy slip-on shoes
The multi-Grammy Award nominee is a 55-time BMI Award recipient
Wielding his trophy, Blanco hit the red carpet in a stylish off-white, patchwork outfit and comfy slip-on shoes. 
The ceremony will also hand out the awards for Publisher of the Year, Songwriter of the Year and Pop Song of the Year.
BMI's '50 most-performed pop songs' in the United States will also be recognized, as per Variety.
Bonnie McKee — who famously co-wrote Katy Perry's 2010 hit Teenage Dream with Perry and Blanco — stole attention in a sexy neon yellow latex dress.
The Hot City singer, 40, styled her skintight frock with an orange faux fur jacket and sky-high pink heels.
Her flaming red hair flowed down her back in loose curls as she smiles for shutterbugs. 
Scottish singer Tallia Storm, 25, hit the red carpet in a stylish off-white coord that flashed her chiseled tummy.
The singer — who was discovered by Sir Elton John at age 13 — carried a cherry red purse that matched her shiny pointed-toe boots.
Bonnie McKee — who famously co-wrote Katy Perry's 2010 hit Teenage Dream with Perry and Blanco — stole attention in a sexy neon yellow latex dress
Scottish singer Tallia Storm, 25, hit the red carpet in a stylish off-white coord that flashed her chiseled tummy. The singer — who was discovered by Sir Elton John at age 13 — carried a cherry red purse that matched her shiny pointed-toe boots
Boston-born rapper/singer Coi Leray showed off her medal as one of the night’s honorees
Stay singer-songwriter Lisa Loeb, 56, exuded edgy glam in a ruffled tulle LBD, opaque black tights and vinyl platform boots
Australian songwriter Sarah Aarons, 29 — who has written for Miley Cyrus and Zedd — cut a preppy figure in an oversized gray pinstripe jacket and shorts
Grammy-winning producers Johnny Kosich and Jake Kosich were among the industry talent recognized on Tuesday night in LA
Singer/producer Allie Crystal and songwriter/producer Larzz Principato cozied up on the red carpet
Boston-born rapper/singer Coi Leray showed off her medal as one of the night’s honorees. 
The Players hitmaker, 27, looked effortlessly cool as she styled drawstring shorts with a blue plaid button-up and a striped green T-shirt
Stay singer-songwriter Lisa Loeb, 56, exuded edgy glam in a ruffled tulle LBD, opaque black tights and vinyl platform boots.
Australian songwriter Sarah Aarons, 29 — who has written for Miley Cyrus and Zedd — cut a preppy figure in an oversized gray pinstripe jacket and shorts.
Grammy-winning producers Johnny Kosich and Jake Kosich were also among the industry talent recognized on Tuesday night in LA.
After honorees and attendees posed on the red carpet, they then filed into the hotel's banquet hall.
As awards were given out, the audience was treated to a performance by nine-time Grammy nominee Sia.
The Chandelier singer, 48, rocked a voluminous, face-hiding wig topped with a cartoonishly large bow.
She belted out her chart-toppers while wearing a silky black robe with red detailing on the shoulders and sleeves.
Bebe's appearance at Tuesday night's awards ceremony after she threatened legal action after audience members threw objects at her during a recent performance in Green Bay.
After honorees and attendees posed on the red carpet, they then filed into the hotel's banquet hall; Bebe pictured with former American Idol judge Kara DioGuardi
As awards were given out, the audience was treated to a performance by nine-time Grammy nominee Sia
The Chandelier singer, 48, rocked a voluminous, face-hiding wig topped with a cartoonishly large bow
She belted out her chart-toppers while wearing a silky black robe with red detailing on the shoulders and sleeves
BM's VP of Worldwide Creative, Barbara Cane, presented Benny Blanco with BMI President's Award
'Benny's numerous contributions to the art of music and songwriting across all genres are unparalleled. His artistry and dedication to his craft have profoundly inspired and influenced many in our creative communities and we are thrilled to be honoring him with the BMI President's Award,' Cane said of Blanco in a statement
The  singer had the offenders removed from the concert and warned the crowd that she wasn't afraid to sue, per a shocking fan video making the rounds via TikTok on Monday.
She referenced a previous incident where she filed charges after being struck in the face with a cell phone onstage last year.
'If you want to hit me in the face, I had them press charges to the other guy,' Rexha said on stage. 'I would love to become richer.'
The caption on the clip read: 'Bebe Rexa had to stop her show TWICE tonight because of people throwing things on stage and in the audience, like 10 people were escorted out because of it throughout the show.'
In last year's incident, Rexha received stitches after attendee Nicholas Malvagna pelted her with a cell phone at The Rooftop at Pier 17 during her Best F'n Night Of My Life tour.
Moments after the incident, Rexha dropped to her knees with her head bowed as several crew members hurried from the wings to help her.
Rexha was hospitalized and suffered 'redness, swelling, bruising, and a laceration to her eye and substantial pain' as result of being hit with the phone, according to police.
At the concert, fans immediately alerted security to Malvagna, who was then taken away by security.
 A spokesman for the NYPD said: 'On Sunday, June 18, 2023 at approximately 2200 hours, police were notified of an assault that occurred at the concert space of Pier 17 located at 89 South Street, within the confines of the 1st Precinct.
'A preliminary investigation on scene determined that a 27-year-old male intentionally threw a cell phone at a 33-year-old female performer on stage, striking her about the face.
The statement continued: 'The individual was taken into custody on scene and removed to the 1st Precinct for arrest processing. The aided female was removed by EMS to an area hospital in stable condition.'
Bebe Rexha threatened legal action after audience members threw objects at her during a recent performance in Green Bay; (pictured April)
The 34-year-old singer had the offenders removed from the concert and warned the crowd that she wasn't afraid to sue, per a shocking fan video making the rounds via TikTok on Monday; (pictured June)
In last year's incident, Rexha received stitches after attendee Nicholas Malvagna pelted her with a cell phone at The Rooftop at Pier 17 during her Best F'n Night Of My Life tour 
Malvagna admitted to throwing the phone at Rexha, per a criminal complaint, explaining that he was 'trying to see if I could hit her with the phone at the end of the show because it would be funny.'
At the time, Malvagna's lawyer Todd A. Spodek told Dailymail.com: 'As a fan, Mr. Malvagna's sole intention was to have Ms. Rexha take photos with his phone, and return it as a keepsake. It was never his intention to injure Ms. Rehxa.'
Malvagna faced multiple charges, including two counts of third-degree assault, one count of second-degree harassment, one count of second-degree aggravated harassment, and one count of attempted third-degree assault.
Earlier this year, he accepted an offer to have his charges dismissed.
This agreement requires him to complete 40 days of community service and comply with an order of protection for six months.
The incident added to a growing list of unusual occurrences at live events over the past year or two.
Among these events were a fan hurling a bag of ashes onto the stage at a Pink concert and Harry Styles getting hit in the eye with Skittles during one of his shows.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group