By Author Kay Rhodes


Published: May 20, 2024 at 1:16 PM • Category Justin Bieber 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
Is a Justin Bieber tour happening in 2024? 
It shouldn’t be ruled out, and it isn’t, especially by the fans who have been desperate to see him perform live.
While health issues have kept him from touring and a baby on the way could put a kink in plans, here’s what we know about the Biebs possibly returning to the stage this year. 
The rumors of a JB comeback started to intensify at the beginning of February.
Justin surprised audience as Drake’s downtown Toronto club called History on February 1 with an unexpected show, albeit a quick one. 
Taking the stage during the “Drew House x Toronto Maple Leafs” show, Justin performed a handful of his hits, but in a much more relaxed atmosphere than his stadium tours. 
According to videos posted by fans, the set included a jazzy version of his breakthrough hit “Baby”, as well as remixes for “Ghost,” “Peaches” and “Hold On.”
He spent the majority of his time on a stool, giving the whole thing a much more mellow vibe than fans were used to.
But did they care? Hell no! Justin was back, and that’s all any of the Beliebers have been hoping for since 2022. 
A few months later, Justin took part in a surprising performance during Coachella 2024 – and that’s the biggest stage there is these days1
During weekend one, Justin got on stage to sing “Essence” alongside pals Wizkid and Tems.
Ahead of the show, Tems teased something spectacular would happen during her set. “Coachella! I’m too exciteddd,” she tweeted April 14. “I have a surprise tonight.”
And what a surprise it was – and one fans were hoping are a sign of more to come from Justin! 
But a few weeks later, a personal announcement made it clear that a tour this year could be impossible.
Someone is about to have their hands FULL!
On Thursday, May 9, Hailey Bieber revealed she is pregnant with her and Justin Bieber’s first child.
The news was a welcomed relief after weeks of concerning reports about their marriage and JB’s well being. 
When Hailey shared the news via Instagram, she posted a sweet video showing off her tiny baby bump in a white long-sleeved lace dress. In the clip, she kisses Justin before the camera zoomed in on her growing belly.
While a due date is not confirmed, the fact that she’s showing in May means that baby Biebs will likely be born this year. Justin will undoubtedly want to be on hand for that. Risking missing it to be on tour seems out of the question. 
In June 2022, Justin revealed he was  diagnosed with Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
As the condition results in “full paralysis” on one side of his face, the announcement meant he had to postpone some dates of his Justice tour.
While he managed to return to the stage after a few weeks, he postponed more appearances, starting with the Sept. 6, 2022 gig at the Rock in Rio festival.
Justin explained he was still dealing with ongoing health issues and needed to make his health a “priority”.
The expectation was that he would be returning to the tour as he did before. However, shortly after, he canceled all remaining shows scheduled and he hasn’t been back since. 
Following Justin’s performance in Toronto, many fans had hoped not only was it a sign of a tour to come, but that it was also a bit of a rehearsal for an even bigger comeback peformance.
Namely, the Super Bowl halftime show.
See, Justin’s mentor, Usher, was the headliner this year, and for weeks, he teased that he had some huge names and friends lined up to help him put on the show.
There were rumors that Justin was in talks to guest perform and he was even spotted arriving in Vegas the day before the game, feeding into the frenzy.
Sadly, Justin did not participate in Usher’s show, but rather watched along from his suite with his wife, Hailey. 
A bummer, but not all hope is lost. 
2024 is starting to look like a big year for music. Beyonce’s dropped a record-breaking new album. So didd Taylor Swift.
Could Justin be following suit?
Fans have reason to be hopeful. Shortly after the show in Toronto, Justin started posting pics of himself in the studio.
Whether these photos revealed the Biebs in rehearsals or a recording session in which the singer is putting down some new tracks, we’re not sure. 
So far, Justin and his team have made no official announcement concerning a new album or a tour for the upcoming year. 
But the signs all look pretty good, none the less.  A new album and a new baby? That would be pretty epic! 
Taylor Swift With A Hickey?! Is Mark on Her Neck A Steamy Gift from Travis?
Eminem Shares Father-Daughter Dance At Hailie Jade’s Wedding: Photo