Photo by ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images
Before Justin Bieber was a married man, the singer was linked to a lot of famous faces!
Currently, he’s madly in love with wife Hailey Baldwin. The couple officially tied the knot during a small courthouse wedding in September 2018 before saying their vows in front of family and friends a year later. Before becoming soul mates, the pair knew each other for years. In fact, Justin and Hailey first met in 2009, but nothing romantic went down between them until years later. Now, it’s nothing but marital bliss.
“Hailey’s very logical and structured, which I need,” Justin told Vogue in February 2019. “I’ve always wanted security — with my dad being gone sometimes when I was a kid, with being on the road. With the lifestyle I live, everything is so uncertain. I need one thing that’s certain. And that is my baby boo.”
While they rarely walk red carpets together, Justin and Hailey have gushed over each other in various interviews over the years.
“We were friends first for a really long time before there was anything romantic,” Hailey explained to ELLE magazine in March 2021. “But we always knew that we were aligned on what we wanted in our future. We had talked about wanting to be married young and having a family young and building a life. Even before we knew we wanted to be with each other.”
The model added, “I learn new things about him and about myself and about our relationship all the time. Do we have little fights and stuff that we have to work through sometimes? Yeah, of course, but it really doesn’t ever feel like work, because I love him so much. I see forever with him.”
Both Justin and Hailey have gotten real about the “hard” times they’ve experienced amid their nuptials.
“Specifically, I said that when there were a lot of new things. I had never lived with someone before. I never had to cohabit with somebody in that way, so I was learning how to share space with someone for the first time. We were trying to bend in each other’s direction and learn what was comfortable,” she shared with Vogue Australia in October 2019. “Now, it’s easier, because we’ve found a rhythm. We have more fun together, which is what should happen when you spend more time with someone you love.”
Before Hailey, the “Baby” singer was romantically linked to some of Hollywood’s biggest stars. From playing the field to settling down, Justin has come a long way! Scroll through our gallery for a breakdown of his dating history and rumored romances. 
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 11
Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
The duo reconciled their romance in 2018 and officially tied the knot in September of that same year.
2 of 11
Courtesy of Baskin Champion/Instagram
Justin was spotted with his arm around the model at Craig David‘s concert in West Hollywood in March 2018. According to Entertainment Tonight, the two stars were introduced by Patrick Schwarzenegger, who is dating Baskin‘s sister, Abby. But in May 2018, things reportedly fizzled out between them.
3 of 11
Matt Baron/BEI/Shutterstock
Justin and Selena may go down in history as one of the most iconic couples of all time. They first started dating back in 2010, and had a lot of ups and downs before officially calling it quits in March 2018.
4 of 11
Mediapunch/Shutterstock
Romance rumors started swirling around Justin and Paola in October 2017, when they were caught leaving church together. “They’re totally smitten with each other,” a source told Us Weekly at the time. They were also spotted on a steamy date at Soho House in West Hollywood. “They were all over each other and didn’t care who was watching. They left together after that,” an onlooker told the outlet.
5 of 11
Broadimage/Shutterstock
Justin and Sofia started dating in 2016. They were photographed kissing and cuddling, and they even traveled together! Justin definitely wasn’t afraid to show off their love, and he flaunted the relationship all over social media. But when she started getting loads of hate for it, he was not happy. “I’m gonna make my Instagram private if you guys don’t stop the hate,” he wrote at the time. “This is getting out of hand, if you guys are really fans you wouldn’t be so mean to people that I like.”
The couple eventually called it quits.
6 of 11
Matt Baron/Shutterstock
According to Us Weekly, Justin met Nicola at an album release party in Toronto, and they reconnected in June 2016. “The two have been chatting for a bit now. He’s really into her,” an insider said at the time. “Justin flew her to Toronto to show her around Canada. Nicola likes Justin a lot.”
The rumored pair eventually called it quits.
7 of 11
Eddy Vasquez/AP/Shutterstock
Fans first started to speculate that Justin and Chantel were dating after they were spotted spending a lot of time together in 2014. The rumored pair when on vacation in Panama, and the model was also by his side on his 20th birthday. Things fizzled out after that, but the two sent the internet into a frenzy when they rekindled their love two years later. They were photographed on a movie date after his New York City concert in July 2016.
8 of 11
AFF-USA/Shutterstock
Justin and Kourtney‘s mysterious relationship was all the talk in October 2015. The two stars were photographed leaving a bunch of clubs together, and they even celebrated Halloween with one another! “Justin and Kourtney have been hooking up since late August, early September,” a source told Us Weekly at the time.
9 of 11
David Fisher/Shutterstock
Justin and Jayde hung out a lot in 2015. They even jetted off to Bora Bora together that October. “People think Justin must be a brat and arrogant but he’s nothing like that. He doesn’t let his fame get in the way of doing things,” Jayde once said of the singer. “He’s a really tactile guy, he loves cuddles.”
She also revealed that they started hanging out after he slid into her DMs on Instagram. “I saw there was a tick by his name showing it’s an official account. I thought, ‘S–t, Justin Bieber just messaged me,'” the blogger continued. “I have no idea how he came to look at my page. I was at a family party in London at the time and I was like, ‘What?’ I said to my friend, ‘Justin Bieber just messaged me — look.'”
10 of 11
Charles Sykes/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
When Justin and Barbara snapped some steamy photos together after the 2012 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, rumors quickly started spreading that something had gone down between them. But Barbara later insisted they were only friends.
11 of 11
Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
Jessica opened up for Justin during the first leg of his My World Tour, and they even collaborated on the song “Overboard.” And when they hit the stage to perform the bop, fans started to speculate that they may have been more than friends. Why? Well, they held hands and even came super close to kissing during the performance! But Justin later insisted that it was all an act.
BFFs to Soulmates Justin Bieber and Hailey Baldwin's Relationship Timeline: From Best Friends to Lovers
He's Not Alone All the Stars Supporting Justin Bieber After He Opened Up About His Past Issues
*Heart Eyes* Justin Bieber Debuted a Brand New Face Piercing, And the Internet Is Going Wild
Speaking Out Ellen Page’s Wife, Emma Portner, Accuses Justin Bieber of Degrading Women
</3 Taylor Swift Seemingly Confirms Justin Bieber Cheated on Selena Gomez
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved