Home  Entertainment
Since Sean “Diddy” Combs was arrested and indicted on racketeering and sex trafficking charges last week, it’s not just fans who are reeling from the news — it’s those who were close to them, too. Apparently, Justin Bieber, one of Diddy’s most recent collaborators, is having so much trouble processing what’s happening that he has “shut off” from the world.
More from CafeMom: Diddy Says Sex Parties ‘Need Locks on the Doors’ To Keep Women There in Resurfaced Clip
A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber)
Last week, Diddy was indicted on charges of racketeering, sex trafficking, and transportation to engage in prostitution in the wake of his arrest by federal agents.
According to what a source claiming to be close to Justin — who has worked with Diddy since he was a teenager — told The Daily Mail, processing this news hasn’t been easy for him.
“Bieber is so disturbed by the Diddy news and is unwilling to process it or discuss it so he has shut off,” the source said.
And if anyone’s waiting for Justin to speak up publicly about the allegations, it’s just not going to happen.
The insider continued, “So many people who helped to make him who he is were very close to Diddy and it has completely thrown him. Justin hasn’t been responding on this since the home raids. He’s not going to.”
Justin’s most recent collab with the rapper was on the song “Moments” from Diddy’s The Love Album: Off the Grid, which was released in September 2023, and the source said that if Justin had known about the accusations against Diddy, “there is no way he would have done it.”
“He had a long break from Diddy when he believes most of this took place and he had distanced himself from him,” the insider said.
More from CafeMom: Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs Has Been Put on Suicide Watch in Jail as He Awaits Trial
When “Moments” was released last year, Justin shared the story of his first meeting with Diddy on his Instagram Stories.
“I remember going to my brother Diddy’s office to pitch him a song I wrote for him when I was like 14, sadly the song was trash haha and it would be a hard no from him,” he wrote at the time, via People. “Fast forward to a few years ago Puff asked if I would freestyle something for his upcoming love album. Wild full circle moment, love you @diddy.”
In a YouTube video from Justin’s channel, Diddy can be seen saying, “He’s having 48 hours with Diddy, where we hanging out and what we’re doing we can’t really disclose. But it’s definitely a 15-year-old’s dream. I have been given custody of him.”
The rapper adds, “I don’t really have legal guardianship of him, but for the next 48 hours he’s with me. And we’re gonna go buck fool crazy.”
Let us be your village!
"*" indicates required fields

						We protect your data. By signing up you agree to our privacy policy.					

								© 2025								Wild Sky Media. All rights reserved.