Hailey Bieber reacted to online rumors that her and Justin Bieber’s relationship may be in trouble with a message on her Instagram Stories.
Hailey Bieber is trying to take the high rhode.
As online users speculated once again about the Rhode Beauty founder's marriage to musician Justin Bieber, she addressed speculation by sharing eyegotthyme's TikTok to her Instagram Stories Dec. 30.
Writing, "Me to all of you on the Internet," Hailey posted the video that sees the content creator say, "You're not well and it's OK. You've done made a lot of choices. The choices that you made done put you in situations that you hate. You don't want to be in those situations. You recognize every day when you wake up, 'F--k, this is the reality that I made for myself.'"
The 28-year-old's latest post seems to respond to speculative social media videos like a Dec. 29 clip from TikToker Sloan Hooks, who claimed he got a tip and "It doesn't look like things are going well" in the couple's romance. 
He highlighted the Instagram stories that both shared, suggesting that the couple was taking jabs at each other. For instance, Sloan pointed to Justin's snap with Jacquees' song "B.E.D.," which is about wanting sex rather than love from a woman. Then, he showed that Hailey made a post "20 minutes later," using SZA's song "30 for 30," including the lyrics "But if it's f--k me, then f--k you."
The content creator continued to share more speculations, including pointing to the "One Less Lonely Girl" singer's resharing of a video with the text, "Coparenting is failing, like tf."
"Co-parenting is failing?" Sloan said. "So, are they currently co-parenting? Why is he posting this?"
The TikToker also responded to Hailey's Instagram Stories hours after she posted the message.
"I'm not making any assumptions about this couple," Sloan said in his Dec. 30 TikTok video. "I'm just taking what's happening on social media and reposting it. You guys are connecting the dots."
Hailey—who shares 4-month-old son Jack Blues Bieber with Justin—is no stranger to rumors surrounding their relationship. Although it was something she'd often ignore, she's learned to accept her feelings.
"People have made me feel so bad about my relationship since day one," she told W Magazine in July. "'Oh, they're falling apart. They hate each other. They're getting divorced.' It's like people don't want to believe that we're happy. I used to try to act like it hurts less and less. I've tried to think that you get used to it at a certain point, that this is what's going to be said and this is how people are going to be. But I realize that it doesn't actually ever hurt any less."
Despite the constant speculations, Hailey couldn’t be happier in her marriage.
"My favorite thing about being married is honestly the companionship I feel we have," she explained in an interview with Justin, 30, for Vogue Australia in February 2023. "Genuinely, you are my best friend in the entire world. There's nobody I would rather spend more time with or do anything with."
Now, keep reading to see more of Hailey and Justin’s sweetest moments.
Business Partners
In April 2025, Hailey Bieber shared a mirror selfie wearing a new leather jacket that she was designing to support Justin Bieber's new clothing brand Skylrk.
Colorado Getaway
Justin and Hailey had some fun in the snow while vacationing in Aspen, Colo., in January 2025.
Afternoon Stroll
Three months after welcoming their son Jack Blues Bieber, the smile-filled couple took a walk outside together.
6th Wedding Anniversary
Three weeks after Jack arrived, Justin and Hailey celebrated a relationship  milestone in September 2024.
Baby, Baby!
The Biebers announced the arrival of their first child together in August 2024.
Justin and Hailey, wearing Jordan Road earrings, shared this kissing photo on their Instagram pages in honor of their fifth wedding anniversary in 2023.
"To the most precious, my beloved." Justin wrote on Instagram. "You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let's keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
"5," Hailey wrote on her Instagram to celebrate their fifth anniversary. "I love you."
The couple was over the moon in love as they got ready to take flight.
Justin and Hailey looked so darn cute cuddled up together!
The two cuddled up during an outing at the lake.
Justin and Hailey couldn't keep their hands off each other while making out in the water.
In July 2018, Justin confirmed his engagement to Hailey in a lengthy Instagram post. "Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly," he captioned this photo. "My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first," he continued. "You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!"
He also shared this shot as part of the engagement announcement, writing, "It's funny because now with you everything seems to make sense!" He added, "My goodness does feel good to have our future secured! WERE GONNA BE BETTER AT 70 BABY HERE WE GO!" Aww!
The Biebers sharing a sweet smooch. "Hunny buns punkin," Justin captioned the photo. 
The two enjoyed a very sweet smooch to celebrate their love. 
Hailey posted this sweet pic in honor of her hubby's 25 birthday. 
"My lips get jealous of my arms cuz I can hold you with them," Justin shared. We're pretty jealous too! 
Could these two be any cuter?! "My only bubba," Hailey shared about the sweet pic. 
It may be cold outside, but they know how to keep each other warm. 
This photo might be blurry, but one thing is clear—they're so in love! 
Hailey supporting her man in the studio while he does what he loves. 
Justin's pouty pucker is courtesy of his vacation ending. Very relateable! 
Once again, these two are absolutely slaying the relationship goals! "Go best friend that's my best friend," Justin captioned the pic. 
The couple who prays together, stays together. "I know for me this conference came at the exact time I needed it, I believe God is THAT amazing and faithful that he brings us the right words during the season that we need it the most," Hailey captioned the shot with her hubby.
Amazing views for the gram. The sunset is also pretty nice! 
One of their first official shots as husband and wife! 
Even in this photo taken years ago, this pair was picture-perfect.
In January 2016, the two decided they weren't going to hide their romance any longer, and this photo of them kissing quickly circulated throughout the internet.
Hailey decided to lend a helping hand in January 2015 when she gave Justin her hair-tie right off her wrist!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.