By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:47, 26 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:16, 27 June 2024   
 158
View  comments
Justin Bieber gave fans another glimpse at his wife Hailey Bieber's growing belly as they await the arrival of their first child.
The Baby hitmaker, 30, took to Instagram on Tuesday to share photos from the couple's recent sun-soaked lake trip with their dogs.
In one snap, Justin looked smitten with his bikini-clad wife as he placed a hand on her stomach and kissed her lips while riding around on a boat.
The pregnant star looked relaxed in her two-piece swimsuit and bucket hat while Justin was geared up in a life vest and swim trunks for wakesurfing.
Hailey is believed to be seven months along in her pregnancy, which she revealed in May, but they've yet to reveal the baby's sex or any potential names.
Justin Bieber gave fans another glimpse at his wife Hailey Bieber's growing belly as he shared photos from their recent sun-soaked lake trip
It's unclear where the couple are vacationing this week but Justin provided a look at their lavish accommodations in Tuesday's post.
He posed for a photo shirtless in their hotel's spacious kitchen with modern finishes as he chowed down on a bag of Popchips.
Another shot showed their dog Piggy Lou chewing a bone on a large creme-toned couch while their other dog Oscar remained snuggled up in a blanket nearby.
Justin spent plenty of time out on the golf course as he snapped photos of the lush filed while riding around in a golf cart.
Another POV shot showed a pile of golf balls next to him as he looked out at nearby sandpit.
The U Smile singer didn't caption the post but it received over 1.5million 'likes' in just one hour.
Justin and Hailey — who will celebrate their sixth wedding anniversary in September — enjoyed a whirlwind weekend in NYC before heading off on vacation.
They were in the Big Apple to attend the opening of Hailey's Rhode skincare pop-up on Sunday.
It officially opened its doors Monday, June 24 and it will run through Wednesday, July 3. 
The store will offer a variety of the skincare brand's iconic items, including their brand new pocket blushes that retail for $24. 
He also posed for a photo shirtless in their hotel's spacious kitchen with modern finishes as he chowed down on a bag of Popchips
Another shot showed their dog Piggy Lou chewing a bone on a large creme-toned couch while their other dog Oscar remained snuggled up in a blanket nearby
Justin spent plenty of time out on the golf course as he snapped photos of the lush filed while riding around in a golf cart
Another POV shot showed a pile of golf balls next to him as he looked out at nearby sandpit
Hailey launched Rhode in June 2022 with their now-famous lip balms and a glow serum.
For Sunday's big event, the mother-to-be strutted her stuff in a tan-hued maxi dress and matching boxy blazer. 
The low-cut look bared the model's busty cleavage and the clinging number gathered underneath her burgeoning bump. 
Justin was right by Hailey's side for Rhode's big day in NYC.
She shared photos from opening day on her Instagram with the caption: 'rhode pocket sized pop up in NYC. ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! love you so much!'
Since the couple's baby announcement in May, Hailey has been keeping fans update on her pregnancy via Instagram.
She frequently uploaded photos of her growing belly and even recently revealed that she's been struggling with a common pregnancy symptom.
In an Instagram Story post shared on June 13, the star revealed that she's been having 'lower back pain.'
'So who was gonna tell me about the lower back pain?' wrote Hailey, adding two pregnant woman emojis and a spiral eyes emoji. 
Hailey is believed to be seven months along in her pregnancy, which she revealed in May, but they've yet to reveal the baby's sex or any potential names
Justin and Hailey — who will celebrate their sixth wedding anniversary in September — enjoyed a whirlwind weekend in NYC before heading off on vacation
They were in the Big Apple to attend the opening of Hailey's Rhode skincare pop-up on Sunday night; Hailey pictured
She included a selfie that showed her making a pouty face as she relaxed in a wooden chair outdoors. The model had on black spandex biker shorts that highlighted her baby bump.
Lower back pain is very common in pregnant women and is only a concern if the pain becomes severe or if it lasts longer than two weeks.
It is related to hormonal fluctuations, posture and overall physical changes a female experiences during pregnancy.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group