By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:48, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:51, 29 February 2024   
 32
View  comments
Hailey Bieber was active on social media on Thursday as she promoted her Rhode Skin range.
Taking to Instagram to promote the brand's espresso roast lip tint shade, the 27-year-old model showed off the item in a selection of photos.
A post uploaded to the official Rhode Instagram account featured the star displaying the product in Rhode's new iPhone case, which has a built-in slot to fit the popular lip gloss.
The caption read: 'Espresso roast ☕️ a rich brown lip tint shade perfect for late nights out or with your morning cup. available now at rhodeskin.com.'
It comes after Hailey's father Stephen Baldwin asked fans to say a 'little prayer' for his daughter and son-in-law Justin Bieber. 
Hailey Bieber was active on social media Thursday as she promoted her Rhode Skin range
Taking to Instagram to plug the brand's espresso roast lip tint shade, the 27-year-old model showed off the item in a selection of photos
A closeup look at the pigmented gloss was shared in the roundup
Over on her personal Instagram account, Hailey posed in a mirror selfie on Thursday, showing off her outfit.
The fashionista was clad in a pair of baggy jeans, pointy-toe black heels, and a black, leather blazer jacket.
She layered the outerwear over a cropped white shirt, flashing her taut tummy.
Bieber posed on a pedestal in her walk-in closet and looked like she was on her way out as she carried a black bag over her shoulder.
The superstar rocked a full face of makeup, which she finished with a glossy pink lip stain.
In another sultry image, the bombshell wore a golden fur coat and narrow, cranberry-hued sunglasses.
Once again, she displayed her clever Rhode merchandise — the phone case, complete with one of her new lip glosses tucked in.
Amid pushing her business, Hailey ignored her father's unexpected call for prayers.
A post uploaded to the official Rhode Instagram account featured the star displaying the product in Rhode's new iPhone case, which has a built-in slot to fit the popular lip gloss. Another photo showed the lip gloss secured in someone's grasp
Hailey has been pushing her latest Rhode product, which follows her original peptide lip treatment
Stephen Baldwin (pictured with daughter Hailey in 2016) publicly asked for prayers for his daughter and son-in-law Justin Bieber in an Instagram Story, which caused concern from fans
Justin and Hailey seen at Erewhon recently as she makes her new shake
Earlier this week, Stephen raised eyebrows when he reposted a video of Justin singing, which was shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx.
He captioned it: 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.'
The 58-year-old evangelist also wrote that his wife Eileen Marx and Hailey's mother Kennya Deodato Baldwin 'pray often together' for the married couple, who wed in 2018. 
'There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn't want them to draw closer to Jesus,' Victor wrote. 
'So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that [is] intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage, and life in general. So thank you.' Marx has since deleted the post.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group