Days from now, Justin and Hailey Bieber’s life together will drastically change when they welcome their first child. Hailey, who announced she was over six months pregnant in early May, is very close to her due date. Ahead of the couple becoming parents, sources spoke to People about what their marriage of over five years is like. Multiple insiders said that Justin “has found safety in their relationship.”
One Justin source explained that “Hailey has always been very supportive of Justin. She’s his rock. She is patient and someone he can always lean on.”
Another said, “The music industry is a cutthroat world, and it’s difficult to trust people. He’s had major trust issues and thinks everyone wants something from him. He has a small circle of friends.”
One insider close to the couple explained that Hailey plays a role in Justin’s career, too. “She’s very involved and helps him make decisions.”
A friend of the couple said that overall, Hailey is “very solid. She’s been a grounding force for Justin. Her family is who they are, but she always wanted her own identity. [Doing this] hasn’t been easy, but she’s really figured out who she wants to be and works really hard. They will be super hands-on parents.”
The first source said that the pair is looking toward their future as a family of three: “They’re ready to become parents. They’re planning for the baby’s arrival, and it’s very cute. They are super committed to their marriage, but also to being the best parents possible.”
The update from People comes after Hailey gave an interview to W magazine that was published last week. She shared her feelings about their next chapter and just how deeply she loves Justin. “In the beginning [of pregnancy], it was super emotional for me,” she said. “Like, ‘I love this human so much. How can I possibly bring someone else into this?’ I’m trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us.”
She shut down rumors that their marriage was troubled, saying, “People have made me feel so bad about my relationship since day one. ‘Oh, they’re falling apart. They hate each other. They’re getting divorced.’ It’s like people don’t want to believe that we’re happy. I used to try to act like it hurts less and less. I’ve tried to think that you get used to it at a certain point, that this is what’s going to be said and this is how people are going to be. But I realize that it doesn’t actually ever hurt any less.” 
Who is Pharrell Williams’s Wife, Helen Lasichanh?
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.