By CHIKAMSO CHUKWUENYEM FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:39, 17 April 2024   |  Updated:  10:13, 17 April 2024   
 42
View  comments
Justin Bieber headed out for a solo breakfast in Beverly Hills on Tuesday after delighting fans with a rare appearance at Coachella.
The singer, 30, sported baggy black jogging bottoms, a black T-shirt, and a black cropped jumper.
He also wore a pair of Yeezy sliders and chatted on the phone before producing a can of cold brew coffee.
Justin finished his look with a large baseball cap and appeared to also still be wearing his Coachella wristband. 
The star made a special guest appearance at the California festival, where he performed with Nigerian singer Tems.
Justin Bieber, 30, headed out for a solo breakfast in Beverly Hills on Tuesday after delighting fans with a rare appearance at Coachella
The singer sported sagging black jogging bottoms, a black T-shirt, and a black cropped jumper with Yeezy trainers and chatted on the phone
Tems, 28, shot to fame when she featured on Wizkid's 2020 song Essence, the first Nigerian song to chart on Billboard.
Justin contributed vocals to its remix the following year, and he and Tems were joined by Wizkid, 33, onstage,
Justin's wife Hailey Bieber even posted the video of her husband's comeback performance.
The performance comes nearly two years after Justin's revelation that he was suffering temporary facial paralysis from Ramsay Hunt syndrome. 
Back in June 2022, the megastar revealed that he feared he would soon struggle to eat just days after being forced to cancel dates on his Justice World Tour and has asked fans to pray for him.
At the time, he took to Instagram to share a three-minute video explaining the diagnosis, which is a complication of shingles that can lead to facial paralysis. 
According to the Mayo Clinic, the hearing loss and facial paralysis associated with Ramsay Hunt syndrome is temporary, however, can become permanent.  
Justin's right eye was unable to blink and the right side of his face did not move as he began the video saying: 'Hey everyone Justin here, I wanted to update you guys on what's been going on.
'Obviously as you can probably see with my face. I have this syndrome called Ramsay Hunt syndrome and it is from this virus that attacks the nerves in my ear and my facial nerves and has caused my face to have paralysis.' 
The star made a special guest appearance at California festival Coachella, where he performed with Nigerian singer Tems, 28 
Tems shot to fame when she featured on Wizkid's 2020 song Essence, the first Nigerian song to chart on Billboard. Wizkid, 33, joined her and Justin onstage 
The performance comes nearly two years after Justin's revelation that he was suffering temporary facial paralysis from Ramsay Hunt syndrome 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group