Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Hailey Bieber is sharing more pictures of her growing baby bump.
On Wednesday, the model, who is expecting her first child with husband Justin Bieber, uploaded photos to Instagram documenting the previous weeks of her pregnancy. 
In one snap, Hailey Bieber, 27, cradled her stomach while taking a selfie in a pink butterfly crop top. 
She shared two more photos in the same sparkly outfit from different angles that gave a better glimpse of her baby bump. 
Bieber casually sipped her drink while wearing a T-shirt in another picture highlighting her stomach. 
“The past few weeks have been,” she captioned the post along with multiple emoji, including a hatching chick. 
Fans and celebrity friends celebrated the first-time mom in the comments. 
Wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. wrote, “My dawwgggggg!! I LOVE ITTT.”
“The most beautiful angel,” blogger and fashion designer Aimee Song gushed. “How blessed is this baby going to be to be coming in the world with so much love.” 
One fan wrote, “She’s glowing,” and included a heart-eyed emoji.
Bieber also revealed one of her pregnancy cravings on her Instagram story. 
“Currently my biggest craving,” she wrote and added four see-no-evil monkey emoji. “Egg salad on top of a pickle with hot sauce.” 
“And no, you’re not allowed to judge!!” she playfully told her fans. 
Justin Bieber and his wife publicly announced her pregnancy on Thursday with a joint Instagram post.
They uploaded a video and a few photos of the two participating in a vow renewal ceremony. Justin Bieber took the camera and snapped photos of his wife’s baby bump. They both cradled her bump and shared a kiss in other snaps. 
She wore a sheer white gown for the ceremony, which was held in Hawaii on Thursday, according to a Yves Saint Laurent press release. The fashion house said the couple wore Saint Laurent by Anthony Vaccarello for the special occasion. 
A spokesperson for the model told NBC News that she is a little over six months pregnant. 
After the announcement, Hailey Bieber posted another look at her outfit from the vow renewal on her Instagram story. She added a heart-hand emoji and sparkles emoji to the picture. 
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC