Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Hailey Bieber shut down rumors about her marriage to Justin Bieber.
Contact us by Email
March 6 2024, Published 1:30 p.m. ET
Hailey Bieber slammed "false" rumors about her marriage to Justin Bieber after her dad, Stephen Baldwin, sent the internet into a frenzy asking for "prayers" for the couple last week, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
Hailey, 27, said the "blind items" floating around social media come from the "land of delusion." 
The couple viewed the pregnancy as a 'fresh start' for their marriage, a source said recently.
Hailey and Justin, who married in 2018, were at the center of several videos on TikTok speculating about the state of their relationship, prompting the Rhode Skin founder to address chatter. 
"Just FYI the stories and constant ‘blind items’ I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong. Made out of thin air… come from the land of delusion," Hailey wrote in an Instagram story post. 
Hailey shut down 'blind items' about her marriage in her own Instagram story post.
"So I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they’re always false xx sorry to spoil it," the model added. 
Rumors erupted after her father reposted a video on Instagram and asked for followers to pray for his daughter and pop star son-in-law. 
Never miss a story — sign up for the RadarOnline.com newsletter to get your daily dose of dope. Daily. Breaking. Celebrity news. All free.
Insiders claim time apart has been 'really tough' on the 'Yummy' singer.
Stephen shared a video from All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx. In the since-deleted clip, the Baby singer is seen playing guitar and singing to a song by Delirious? and Hillsong Worship. 
"Christians, please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw close to the Lord," Marx wrote.
Hailey and Justin were spotted attending a late night church service hours after her father asked for prayers for the couple,
The All Things Possible Ministries founder doubled down on his message in the post's caption and revealed he and his family "often pray together" for the Biebers. 
"There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn’t want them to draw closer to Jesus," Marx added. 
"So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage and life in general. So thank you." 
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Mere hours after Stephen shared Marx's post, Hailey and Justin were spotted attending a late-night church service. The young couple looked somber as they were spotted arriving at Churchome Church at Saban Theatre in Beverly Hills.  
Hailey and Justin were rumored to be having a rough patch in their marriage. 
According to a sensational report, insiders claimed Hailey was fed up with her husband's refusal to look or act his age — and the two were allegedly bickering over starting a family. 
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.