There's gonna be one less lonely wax figure at Madame Tussauds Hollywood.
After all, Justin Bieber's look from his 2021 "Peaches" music video was immortalized in wax in honor of his 30th birthday.
The statue—which was unveiled on March 1—donned a replica of his puffer jacket, neon pants and white beanie. Though the wax figure even included Justin's signature neck tattoos and facial hair, fans were split on whether it truly resembled the birthday boy.
"How does it look a lot like him and not much like him at the same time?" one fan wrote on Instagram, while another quipped, "But why does he look like Brooklyn Beckham."
The "What Do You Mean" singer was first immortalized in wax when he was just 17-years-old by Madame Tussauds in London. However, his statue was infamously removed from the museum's New York outpost in 2014 after fans would not stop touching it.
But Madame Tussauds isn't the only one celebrating Justin on his special day.
His wife of five years, Hailey Bieber, shared a heartfelt tribute in celebration of the milestone birthday.
"30!!!!!!!????!!????!!!! that was fast," the model wrote on Instagram March 1 alongside a series of romantic photos and video of the couple. "words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are."
The post came days after Hailey's father Stephen Baldwin publicly sought prayers for the 27-year-old and Justin, who tied the knot in 2018 before saying "I do" at a second wedding in 2019.
"Christians, please when you think of Justin & Hailey take a moment to offer a little prayer," the Instagram Reel he shared said in part, "for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw close to the Lord." 
While Stephen did not clarify what the prayers were for, Hailey's birthday tribute to suggested that the couple's marriage is stronger than ever.
"Happy Birthday to you," Hailey continued on Instagram to Justin, "love of my life, for life."
For more of Hailey and Justin's sweetest love story moments, keep reading.
Business Partners
In April 2025, Hailey Bieber shared a mirror selfie wearing a new leather jacket that she was designing to support Justin Bieber's new clothing brand Skylrk.
Colorado Getaway
Justin and Hailey had some fun in the snow while vacationing in Aspen, Colo., in January 2025.
Afternoon Stroll
Three months after welcoming their son Jack Blues Bieber, the smile-filled couple took a walk outside together.
6th Wedding Anniversary
Three weeks after Jack arrived, Justin and Hailey celebrated a relationship  milestone in September 2024.
Baby, Baby!
The Biebers announced the arrival of their first child together in August 2024.
Justin and Hailey, wearing Jordan Road earrings, shared this kissing photo on their Instagram pages in honor of their fifth wedding anniversary in 2023.
"To the most precious, my beloved." Justin wrote on Instagram. "You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let's keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
"5," Hailey wrote on her Instagram to celebrate their fifth anniversary. "I love you."
The couple was over the moon in love as they got ready to take flight.
Justin and Hailey looked so darn cute cuddled up together!
The two cuddled up during an outing at the lake.
Justin and Hailey couldn't keep their hands off each other while making out in the water.
In July 2018, Justin confirmed his engagement to Hailey in a lengthy Instagram post. "Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly," he captioned this photo. "My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first," he continued. "You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!"
He also shared this shot as part of the engagement announcement, writing, "It's funny because now with you everything seems to make sense!" He added, "My goodness does feel good to have our future secured! WERE GONNA BE BETTER AT 70 BABY HERE WE GO!" Aww!
The Biebers sharing a sweet smooch. "Hunny buns punkin," Justin captioned the photo. 
The two enjoyed a very sweet smooch to celebrate their love. 
Hailey posted this sweet pic in honor of her hubby's 25 birthday. 
"My lips get jealous of my arms cuz I can hold you with them," Justin shared. We're pretty jealous too! 
Could these two be any cuter?! "My only bubba," Hailey shared about the sweet pic. 
It may be cold outside, but they know how to keep each other warm. 
This photo might be blurry, but one thing is clear—they're so in love! 
Hailey supporting her man in the studio while he does what he loves. 
Justin's pouty pucker is courtesy of his vacation ending. Very relateable! 
Once again, these two are absolutely slaying the relationship goals! "Go best friend that's my best friend," Justin captioned the pic. 
The couple who prays together, stays together. "I know for me this conference came at the exact time I needed it, I believe God is THAT amazing and faithful that he brings us the right words during the season that we need it the most," Hailey captioned the shot with her hubby.
Amazing views for the gram. The sunset is also pretty nice! 
One of their first official shots as husband and wife! 
Even in this photo taken years ago, this pair was picture-perfect.
In January 2016, the two decided they weren't going to hide their romance any longer, and this photo of them kissing quickly circulated throughout the internet.
Hailey decided to lend a helping hand in January 2015 when she gave Justin her hair-tie right off her wrist!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.