By
Nicki Minaj spoke candidly about battling writer’s block after her son’s birth while attending Vogue‘s Forces of Fashion event. “I had writer’s block after having my son,” reveals to the outlet. Nicki Minaj revealed that 2021’s “Seeing Green” (which features Drake and Lil Wayne) was the first song she had written and completed after her son’s birth. Despite being initially overjoyed, the 41-year-old rapper began to feel “scared” of how well the track would be received. 
“The song ‘Seeing Green,’ featuring Drake and Wayne, is the first song I wrote and completed after having the baby. I was so scared, because not one thing could come to me for months and months,” she began. “I kept sending Drake different verses, and he and I would both be like, ‘It’s missing this, or it’s missing that.’ Then I ended up finally getting a verse that he and I loved—but it was very, very challenging. I didn’t know that after you have a baby, things that came so naturally to you could change. My brain felt so different.”
Later in the discussion, Nicki Minaj spoke about her nearly two-decade career and her loyal fanbase, the Barbz. The rapper credits her fans with bringing stan culture to hip-hop. In her opinion artists, especially rap artists, weren’t interacting with their fans like she was. “Before I had a record deal, my fans were making a moment for themselves on Twitter. I had already given them a name. When I started calling my fans the Barbz, there were no rappers naming their fans.” Minaj can only recall two other artists of her caliber with the same connection to their fans: Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga.
“There were only two people at that time, and I don’t know which came first — Justin Bieber and Lady Gaga, they had Beliebers and Monsters. That was it!” The Queen rapper continued: “Now, every single human being that becomes an artist gives their fans a name. Even artists in other countries. Some of the African artists that I love, when I would look into them, they would have names for their fanbase. The mother of one added, “…And I was like, ‘Woah.’ I didn’t think it was something that would spread to the Hip-Hop community at all. But it doesn’t matter because the Barbz are still superior.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97