By EVE BUCKLAND and CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:31, 4 March 2024   |  Updated:  23:06, 4 March 2024   
 87
View  comments
Hailey Bieber's sister Alaia Baldwin Aronow looked somber as she was seen for the first time since her arrest for assault - as she stepped out with her husband and daughter last week. 
Alaia, 31, was arrested on Saturday February 24 after she allegedly became unruly at Club Elan, a bar in Savannah, Georgia.
Alaia is accused of assaulting three staffers at the bar and even throwing a used tampon at a bartender in the employee bathroom. 
She kept a low-key profile as she strolled wearing a pink hat, cat eye shades and a hooded brown suede jacket, paired with joggers and slippers.
She was accompanied by husband Andrew Aronow and only child Iris, three.
Hailey Bieber's sister Alaia Baldwin looked somber as she was seen for the first time since her arrest for assault - as she stepped out with her husband and daughter last week
Her father Stephen Baldwin, 57, was seen at her home as the family ordered takeout
Her father Stephen Baldwin, 57, was seen at her home as the family ordered takeout.
TMZ later reported that the bartender, Haliegh Cauley, plans to press charges against Baldwin over the incident, and she described her alleged interactions with Baldwin in an interview.
The owner of Club Elan called 911, claiming Alaia had gotten into a physical altercation with his employees and had refused to leave his business.
Employees claim Alaia entered the employees-only restroom, but was instructed not to use that particular bathroom. She was redirected to the public restroom instead. 
However, she allegedly became belligerent and combative, and allegedly assaulted three employees.
She is accused of yanking the hair out of one security guard's head as he attempted to contain her. Another security guard also accused Alaia of kicking him in the groin when he tried restraining her. 
The third employee, a female bartender, encountered Alaia when she attempted to enter the employee restroom. 
She was allegedly informed Alaia would need a moment to vomit and change her tampon.
Alaia, 31, was arrested on Saturday February 24 after she allegedly became unruly at Club Elan, a bar in Savannah, Georgia. Alaia is accused of assaulting three staffers at the bar and even throwing a used tampon at a bartender in the employee bathroom
She kept a low-key profile as she strolled wearing a pink hat, cat eye shades and a hooded brown suede jacket, paired with joggers and slippers
She was accompanied by husband Andrew Aronow and only child Iris, three
Alaia looked pensive as she strolled amid her legal drama
Baldwin Aronow is pictured her mug shot for the February incident in Georgia
In an interview with TMZ, Cauley said she told Baldwin and her friends that they couldn't be in the employees' bathroom, before she noticed that there was 'throw-up filled to the top of the sink,' which seemed to make her feel nauseated just from recounting it.
The bartender claimed to have waited for some time before she returned to the bathroom to check on her.
When the employee entered the bathroom, however, she alleged that Alaia hit her with a tampon.
'I said, "Listen, you guys have got to go,"' Cauley recounted. She added that Baldwin had a 'scary' look in her eyes.
She claimed that Alaia replied, 'Do you not believe me? Do you want to see?'
Cauley claimed that the thrown tampon, which she noted was 'used,' made contact with her face after Baldwin allegedly threw it. 
Alaia (L) pictured with her sister Hailer Bieber in 2019 
She also clarified that Baldwin did not throw the tampon. Instead, Cauley said that when Baldwin pulled it out she swung her arm up and the tampon touched her face, while apparently never leaving her grip.
Cauley added that she called security at that point, and she claimed that Baldwin began 'swinging' at the guards. 
The bartender added that she thought Baldwin was intoxicated. 
Security said they eventually were able to contain Alaia and remove her from the establishment.
In addition to pressing charges, Cauley said she planned to file a lawsuit against Baldwin 'because that's somebody's bodily fluid that touched me.'
'That's just not appropriate and that's very uncalled for, especially when somebody's trying to help you.'
Alaia, however, claimed to the responding officer she was acting in self-defense. TMZ reports she claimed the entire situation was being blown out of proportion.
She was ultimately arrested for numerous charges, and was booked for simple assault, simple battery, battery, and trespassing.
A police report obtained by E! reveals: 'Ms. Aronow stated she was forcefully removed from the club.
'She initially denied forcing her way into the bathroom, only stating she needed to use the restroom to throw up and change her tampon.'
The report also stated she 'initially denied throwing her used tampon' at the bartender but 'later stated she did throw it.'
She was ultimately arrested for numerous charges, and was booked for simple assault, simple battery, battery, and trespassing; pictured 2018 
The report also states she 'attempted to justify' her alleged physical disputes with the bouncers 'by stating she was defending herself.'
It also describes her alleged disputes with the employee, stating that Alaia could be seen in security footage 'forcing her way into the locked employee bathroom.'
The report described how in the bathroom Alaia told the bartender 'she needed to change her tampon and asked for a few minutes, which she was granted.'
The report added that several minutes later, when the bartender attempted to enter the restroom again, Alaia 'removed her tampon and threw it' at the employee. 'This is when security stepped in and removed the female from the club.'
'Aronow can be seen fighting and resisting the entire way outside,' the report states, adding the video 'clearly shows' Alaia 'grabbing and pulling' the hair of one security guard and 'hitting' another 'in the genitals.'
In a statement to TMZ, Alaia's attorney Drew Findling didn't appear to dispute any of his client's alleged actions.
'On February 24, 2024, Ms. Aronow traveled to Savannah, GA to celebrate the upcoming marriage of a close friend. Sadly, what should have been a celebratory girls night out, unfortunately took an unexpected turn,' he said.
'Ms. Aronow is embarrassed and saddened by the events of that night and is proactively taking the necessary steps to ensure that it never happens again,' Findling added.
A model, Alaia is a member of the famous Baldwin family. Her father is actor Stephen Baldwin and her younger sister Hailey is also a model.
She shares three-year-old daughter Iris with her husband of six years, Andrew Aronow.
The arrest comes after her father Stephen caused concern from fans after he asked for prayers for Hailey and her husband Justin Bieber.
On Monday, Stephen raised eyebrows when he reposted a video of Justin singing, which was shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx and captioned: 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.'
The arrest comes after her father Stephen caused concern from fans after he asked for prayers for Hailey and her husband Justin Bieber
The evangelist wrote in the caption that his wife Eileen Marx and Hailey's mother Kennya Deodato Baldwin 'pray often together' for the married couple of five years.
'There are special challenges that folks in high visibility positions face and also the enemy doesn't want them to draw closer to Jesus,' Victor wrote.
'So often regardless of the material things or the accolades they often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage, and life in general. So thank you.'
The post has since been deleted by Marx.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group