By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:24, 12 February 2024   |  Updated:  06:46, 13 February 2024   
 1.2k
View  comments
Kim Kardashian lost the VIP box game to Taylor Swift during the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday where the Kansas City Chiefs beat the San Francisco 49ers.
It appears that the siren's $1M Super Bowl LVIII box was a bore - and not even full - while her longtime foe Taylor was having a rollicking good time in her packed room.
It was like night and day.
While Kim looked at her cell phone with her head down, Taylor pumped her arms in the air as she cheered on her Kansas City Chiefs boyfriend Travis Kelce.
Both boxes were sprinkled with VIP names (and Kim had even bigger names around her than Taylor did), but the temperature was a big contrast. 
There even appeared to be a guy asleep in his seat in Kim's camp. 
Kim and Taylor have a negative history that includes Kim's ex-husband Kanye West. 
Kim Kardashian lost the VIP box game to Taylor Swift during the Super Bowl in Las Vegas on Sunday. It appears that her $1M Super Bowl LVIII box was a snooze fest while her foe Taylor looked to be having a great time. Kim looked at her cell phone with her head down, Taylor pumped her arms in the air as she cheered on her Kansas City Chiefs boyfriend Travis Kelce
Kim's box was morose even if it was star packed: seen were her two sisters Khloe Kardashian and Kendall Jenner, buddy Justin Bieber and his supermodel wife Hailey Bieber, Denver Bronco's quarterback Russell Wilson and his singer wife Ciara as well as  La La Anthony and Winnie Harlow 
In Taylor's box was Blake Lively, singers Ice Spice and Lana Del Rey, and Top Gun: Maverick actor Miles Teller with model wife Keleigh Teller. A bonus buddy: Emma Stone's stylist pal Ashley Avignone
In Kim's box were her two sisters Khloe Kardashian and Kendall Jenner. That is a lot of star power right there.
And the Keeping Up With the Kardashian's vet also had buddy Justin Bieber and his supermodel wife Hailey Bieber.
Also seen were Denver Bronco's quarterback Russell Wilson and his singer wife Ciara who sat one row back from Kim.
Reality TV star La La Anthony - who used to be married to basketball star Carmelo Anthony - was also spied as she sat next to Kim then said hello to Ciara.
Model Winnie Harlow was also spied as she looked at her cell phone and didn't seem to chat much to anyone. 
In Taylor's box was movie and TV star Blake Lively, who is married to Deadpool actor Ryan Reynolds. 
Also present were singers Ice Spice, Lana Del Rey and RIOTUSA, and Top Gun: Maverick actor Miles Teller with model wife Keleigh Teller. 
A bonus buddy: Emma Stone's stylist pal Ashley Avignone.
There are a lot of factors to weigh in: Kim is much older at 43, is a busy reality TV star and SKIMS mogul and mom of four, and has already been to several football games in the past (she used to date Reggie Bush, after all).
Kim was more interested in her phone than the game as she sat next to La La Anthony and Khloe Kardashian
There were not a ton of smiles, but there was plenty of pouting and puckering up for the camera
Supermodel Kendall Jenner looked like she could have used a Red Bull
Hailey Bieber rested her head on the back of her seat that was marked Justin Bieber
Hailey texted away as Justin appeared to be in meditation
Also seen were Denver Bronco's quarterback Russell Wilson, who was on his phone, and his singer wife Ciara, who held on to her phone
This man looked as if he was taking a nap
Model Winnie Harlow maybe was playing Candy Crush; Khloe is seen at bottom
Taylor is 34 and fresh at all of this, plus she is romancing one of the key players on the field so she was very invested in the game.
Maybe if Kim had brought her new reported boyfriend, Odell Beckham Jr, things would have turned in her favor.
Kim was seen in the company of Odell in Las Vegas during Super Bowl weekend, as seen in photos obtained by DailyMail.com. 
But the SKKN beauty and makeup mogul seems to be hesitant to bring the romance out in the open after splitting from Kanye West three years ago. 
The Kansas City Chiefs ultimately beat out the slight favorite San Francisco 49ers, 25-22, as Patrick Mahomes threw a three-yard game-winning touchdown pass to Mecole Hardman in overtime. 
Kim and Taylor have a past.
Swift slammed Kim for 'taking her down psychologically' during her 2023 TIME Magazine's Person of the Year interview. Taylor revealed details about the dispute that originated when Kim's then-husband, Kanye West, incorporated explicit lyrics about the emerging star in a 2016 song.
Kanye asserted that Taylor had given her consent for the reference. However, after Taylor denied it, Kim intervened by releasing what the popstar referred to as 'an illegally recorded phone call' between them, aiming to prove otherwise.
Taylor expressed that the resulting public fallout felt like 'a career death,' emphasizing, 'Make no mistake—my career was taken away from me.'
Reflecting on the aftermath and the severe toll it took on her well-being, Taylor shared with the outlet, 'You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar.
'That took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before. I moved to a foreign country. I didn't leave a rental house for a year. I was afraid to get on phone calls.'
 Swift was surrounded by her celebrity pals as she cheered boyfriend Travis Kelce to victory at Sunday's Super Bowl LVIII
The group put on an animated display as they cheered on the Kansas City Chiefs at the Allegiant Stadium in Las Vegas
The songbird was very animated as she stood next to Blake, who often grabbed the Grammy winner
Taylor was embraced by Gossip Girl star Blake as they watched all the action unfold on the field 
'I pushed away most people in my life because I didn't trust anyone anymore. I went down really, really hard.'
The conflict between Taylor, Kim, and Kanye began surfacing as early as 2009, unexpectedly emerging when the then 19-year-old Taylor received the Best Female Video award for You Belong with Me at the MTV Video Music Awards. Out of nowhere, during her acceptance speech, Kanye abruptly stormed onto the stage, wrestled the microphone from her hands, and declared, 'Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you, and Imma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time. One of the absolute best!'
In an attempt to ease the awkwardness, Beyoncé later invited Taylor on stage when she won Video of the Year for Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It), graciously providing the country music star with a moment in the spotlight.
However, the tension persisted when the father-of-four once again embarrassed the star at the 2015 VMAs. It seemed like the two were getting along, as Kanye quipped, 'You know how many times they announced Taylor was going to give me the award 'cause it got them more ratings?'
Some fans came to the conclusion that Lana wasn't allowed in the suite because she is a hardcore 49ers fan and it appeared there may have been some truth to the theory as when Lana was later seen inside the suite she had ditched her 49er's jacket
The night ended well for Taylor and Travis as they kissed following his big win
Swift kept the party going all night as she helped Kelce celebrate his big win at the Wynn
The couple (pictured sharing a kiss on the dance floor) reportedly partied until 5.15am as DJ and Wynn Nightlife resident artist Marshmello provided the music
Travis gave Taylor his black sequined jacket to keep her warm at the party
The couple were inseparable as they walked with their arms draped around each other on the way into the celebration
Mahomes and Kelce were seen jumping around on stage with the famed masked artist, with a bottle of champagne in hand, singing and dancing as fans cheered them on
Swift was even captured dancing to a few of her own hits that were played, including Love Story and You Belong with Me
However, Taylor later revealed his statement bothered her, as he publicly suggested it was for ratings, while privately asking her to join him on stage because it would 'mean so much.' Taylor later told Rolling Stone: 'I'm standing in the audience with my arm around his wife, and this chill ran through my body. I realized he is so two-faced. That he wants to be nice to me behind the scenes, but then he wants to look cool, get up in front of everyone and talk s**t. And I was so upset.'
In recent months Taylor has been getting more headlines than the games themselves as she has flown across the country supporting her man at his matches. 
With every game she attends, fans' eyes have been firmly glued on her reactions from her suite and of those who have been celebrating around her. 
For the biggest night in American football, a host of celebrities descended upon the Vegas arena, including the likes of Lady Gaga and Ariana Grande.
Yet not everyone made it into Taylor's suite, with Beyonce - who is part of Taylor's squad - opting to watch the game in a separate box alongside husband Jay-Z and their daughter Blue Ivy. 
Also with them was the former Twitter boss Jack Dorsey. 
Yet not everyone made it into Taylor's suite, with Beyonce - who is part of Taylor's squad - opting to watch the game in a separate box alongside husband Jay-Z and their daughter Blue Ivy. Far right is former Twitter boss Jack Dorsey
Lady Gaga looked ready for a nap as she sat with beau Michael Polansky. Behind them were Jennifer Siebel Newsom and California Governor Gavin Newsom
(L-R) Singer Blake Shelton and singer Gwen Stefani react in the second half during Super Bowl LVIII 
On their phones, doting, thinking about what they&...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group