Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Justin Bieber attracted attention after his relationship with Sean 'Diddy' Combs came under scrutiny following the embattled rapper's recent arrest.
Contact us by Email
Oct. 15 2024, Published 9:00 p.m. ET
Combs was ultra-close to Bieber as he rose to fame.
Justin Bieber released his debut extended play album, My World, in 2009, which helped launch his career. 
In the beginning, the Baby hitmaker constantly declared Sean "Diddy" Combs as one of his inspirations and biggest influences. 
Following his debut, he asked the Bad Boy Records founder for a collaboration. Though Bieber's wish did not happen, his position in the industry pushed him closer to Combs and bonded with him through Usher.
In the video, Combs said 'what we're doing we can't really disclose'.
In November 2009, Bieber released a YouTube video titled, "JUSTIN BIEBER's 48 HRS with DIDDY!!" in reference to the film 48 Hrs.
Combs said: "They're having the times of their lives. Where we hanging out and what we're doing we can't really disclose. But it's definitely a 15-year-old's dream."
In the video, the pair hung out at Combs' mansion. When the record executive asked the young singer what he wanted to do, the That Should Be Me singer said they should "just go get some girls". 
Bieber uploaded the video days before the release of his debut album.
Another video resurfaced in which Combs pressed Bieber on why they no longer hung out.
The "I'll Be Missing You" rapper uploaded a video in December 2010, showing himself teaching Bieber how to "swag walk" while seemingly having awkward exchanges in a recording studio.
Combs asked: "What's up man, you good?
"Selling out arenas and everything? Starting to act different, huh? You haven't been calling me and hanging out the way we used to hang out."
Bieber, on the other hand, mumbled: "Well I mean, you haven't... you tried to get in contact with me through all my, you know, my partners and whatnot, but you never really got my number. So, you want my number? I'm gonna tell you my number."
Combs bought Bieber 'his first shot ever' to celebrate his 21st birthday. 
To mark Bieber's 21st birthday in 2015, Combs gave him "his first shot ever." 
The following year, the Finna Get Loose rapper gifted Bieber a Bad Boy Entertainment jacket for his 22nd birthday.
Bieber tearfully vowed to protect rising star Billie Eilish from the music industry.
Speaking with Zane Lowe, Bieber sparked concerns when he talked about his desire to protect Billie Eilish, who was only 18 at the time, from the music industry.
In the 2020 interview, he said: "It was hard for me being that young and being in the industry and not knowing where to turn, and everyone telling me they loved me, and turn their back on you in a second.
"I just want to protect her. 
"I don't want her to go through anything I went through. I don’t wish that upon anybody."
A 2021 video sparked speculations as Combs appeared to check Bieber for a wire.
A viral 2021 video sparked speculations Combs "checked" for a wire when he and Bieber embrace during a reunion. The Last Night rapper was caught asking the 30-year-old something before patting his chest down, leaving the pop star looking uncomfortable.
X users immediately responded to the resurfaced clip, saying the moment was "creepy."
One said: "Just a touchy feely type ninja he is always has been."
A second wrote: "How is he not in jail yet?"
Bieber and Combs collaborated on 'The Love Album: Off The Grid'.
In 2023, Combs dropped his The Love Album: Off The Grid, which featured the Canadian singer who "has become one of the biggest superstars in the world".
The One Time singer also gushed about the collaboration on his Instagram Story.
A source claimed Bieber had no plans to address his relationship with the embattled music mogul.
In April, a source claimed Bieber had no plans to break his silence about the resurfaced footage of himself with Combs amid the embattled record producer's legal woes.
The insider told In Touch: "Justin doesn't really want to talk publicly about his relationship with Diddy, but he may have to.
"I'm not sure if Diddy did anything that Justin now thinks crossed the line, but if he does, he's not saying. If Justin has to address his past interactions with Diddy, he will."
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Insiders said Bieber was 'disturbed' by the news of Combs' arrest on sex trafficking charges.
On September 16, Combs was arrested in New York on s-- trafficking charges but pleaded not guilty and was denied bail twice. According to a Daily Mail source, the STAY singer was "so disturbed" by the news.
The insider said: "So many people who helped to make him who he is were very close to Diddy and it has completely thrown him. Justin hasn't been responding on this since the home raids. He's not going to.
"He had a long break from Diddy when he believes most of this took place and he had distanced himself from him. 
"He was featured on Diddy's most recent album, and had he known any of this, there is no way he would have done it."
Bieber has sparked concern for his health in recent outings since Combs' arrest.
On September 25, Justin and his wife, Hailey Bieber, were spotted leaving a Los Angeles church amid fans' growing concerns over the Beauty and a Beat singer's well-being. 
The couple, who welcomed their first child in August, also had dinner at Nobu Malibu earlier that week.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.