By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:12, 23 October 2024   |  Updated:  07:22, 17 February 2025   
 52
View  comments
Camila Cabello made heads turn in a racy ensemble while attending Doja Cat's birthday party.
The I Love It singer, 27 — who recently called called Liam Payne's shock death 'a tragedy' — arrived in style rocking a sheer black minidress that flaunted her famous curves.
Her get-up left little to the imagination, showing off her derriere and endless legs to those in attendance.
She teamed her look with matching see-through gloves and black designer heels for her night out in West Hollywood on Monday.
The brunette siren debuted a shorter haircut at the star studded bash — a complete turn around from the long bleached locks she boasted while promoting her latest album C, XOXO in late June. 
Camila Cabello modeled a sheer black minidress while attending Doja Cat's 29th birthday bash in West Hollywood on Monday evening
Other high-profile stars on the guest list included Justin and Hailey Bieber who kept up with the party's all-black dress code. 
The Baby hitmaker, 30, looked dashing in a black shirt, velvet jacket and loose trousers teamed with sunglasses, a hoodie and a chic hat.
His wife Hailey, 27, looked runway ready in a black leather trench coat and a navy dress — just two months after giving birth to son Jack Blues. 
Birthday-girl Doja — born Amala Ratna Zandile Dlamini — celebrated her 29th looking like a vixen in an oversized black trench coat. 
Her raven locks were pinned up in a stylish-up do as her bangs framed her face. 
The A-list packed celebration was held at The Nice Guy in West Hollywood — an upscale Italian eatery with a Mafia bar aesthetic.
The celebrity-hotspot is open from 6 p.m. to 2 a.m. daily and is accessible via reservation only. 
It's menu boasts impressive eats that range in price from $16 for side dishes to $91 for dry-aged ribeye. 
Cabello's cheeky appearance in the City of Angels comes after telling Billboard she wants the world to become 'more loving' over time.
'Hopefully when I'm no longer here, I want the legacy I leave behind to make the world, somehow, more loving,' she told the outlet.
'There's different ways of doing that, through art and music, and I always try to keep myself accountable,' she added.
Cabello, who comes from a working-class family-of-four, said she hopes to see society value hard work and effort.
Her get-up left little to the imagination, showing off her derriere and endless legs to those in attendance. She also debuted a shorter haircut 
She teamed her look with matching see-through gloves and black designer heels for her night out
The Senorita singer modeled long bleached hair she while promoting her latest album C, XOXO which released in late June; seen in NYC in May 2024
 Cabello, who comes from a working-class family-of-four, said she hopes to see society value hard work and effort; Alejandro, Sinuhe, Sofia and Camilla Cabello seen in throwback snap
'I'm so proud of my family history, and proud of my work ethics, and any sort of strength or drive that I have is from hearing their stories,' she gushed.
'I really feel that I come from a family of fu***ing hustlers. My mom and dad never lost that, and even my grandparents.
'I feel that so much of that is carried in my bloodline. There's something carried in our story that I feel makes me handle life and look at life in a different way,' she finished.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group