Digital Content Producer
Better known as "Writer Gio" in the comments section. Salem State product.
Red Sox-Twins Battle Featured Father-Son Moment For Boston Legend
Red Sox Notes: Rookie Pitcher Accepts Learning Lessons From Loss To Twins
Knicks Fans Already Broke Unwritten Celtics Playoff Rule Before Round 2
Celtics Split? NBA Insider Validates Vital Boston Trade Possibility
The Boston Red Sox made their first major offseason addition by acquiring pitcher Garrett Crochet from the Chicago White Sox, which could suggest the franchise is on the verge of an upcoming domino effect of some sort. 
Crochet was among the hottest names in both free agency and the trade market, drawing interest from teams across the league entering this week’s MLB Winter Meetings in Dallas. Blake Snell, Max Fried and Shane Bieber were already off the board, prompting Red Sox chief baseball officer Craig Breslow to take action. Where the trigger to land Crochet will lead the team moving forward, however, is the question. 
“I don’t think they’re done, quite honestly,” ex-big leaguer C. J. Nitkowski told MLB Network Radio. “… It’s a really nice, huge move for sure and this tells me they’re ready to compete and contend. You don’t do this one by itself, you just can’t. Not with this current state of their pitching.”
Boston got the ball rolling by welcoming aboard relief pitchers Justin Wilson and Aroldis Chapman before joining the big spender’s crew and sacrificing four prospects — including Kyle Tell and Braden Montgomery — to land Crochet. The concerns about getting engaged in the market were quickly alleviated although Crochet’s arrival, alone, can’t address all the team’s offseason needs. 
The Red Sox led the American League in errors committed with 115, lost their 2024 home runs leader Tyler O’Neill to free agency and should remain in the market for a supplemental arm to add to the rotation alongside Crochet. 
Story continues below advertisement
“It’s a nice move, a really nice move,” Nitkowski added. “Any team that was gonna get him was gonna get instantly better. I think in the case of the Boston Red Sox, what this means is they have got to contend over these next two years. Now maybe they can get him to fall in love with Boston to keep him around but this is a huge move because everyone was coming after this guy.”
Crochet debuted as a starting pitcher last season and represented the White Sox in the All-Star Game for the first time before going 6-12 with a 3.58 ERA in 32 appearances. The 25-year-old is Boston’s only left-hander currently slated to be in the rotation by Opening Day and showed signs of potential that’ll likely encourage the front office to do its part in retaining Crochet on a multi-year extension.
There’s still plenty of time — and options — for the Red Sox to explore before the roster gathers for spring training in February.
Digital Content Producer
Better known as "Writer Gio" in the comments section. Salem State product.
Featured image via Matt Marton/Imagn Images

				DISCLAIMER: This web page is intended to be used for entertainment purposes. Keep sports betting fun by betting responsibly. Visit HaveAGamePlan.org to learn more.
				

					Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
				



								© 2025 New England Sports Network