By REBECCA WHITTAKER FOR MAILONLINE and JOHN ELY DEPUTY HEALTH EDITOR 
 Published:  10:45, 9 October 2024   |  Updated:  11:40, 9 October 2024   
 275
View  comments
Comedian Miranda Hart is the latest in a string of famous faces to say they have been struck by tick-borne Lyme disease.
The 51-year-old joins the likes of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Hadid and her daughter, model Bella Hadid, singer Justin Bieber, actor Ben Stiller and comic Amy Schumer in having the condition.
She revealed in her new memoir, I Haven't Been Entirely Honest With You, that it took doctors three decades to diagnose her after experiencing 'unnerving neurological symptoms'.
Lyme disease is a bacterial infection spread by ticks and can cause general flu-like symptoms, including fatigue, headache, swollen joints and a fever, which can last for a few weeks, but for reasons not yet understood, some patients suffer for years. 
So why does it seem like so many of the rich and famous are being diagnosed with it?
Professor Paul Hunter, an expert in infectious diseases from the University of East Anglia, told MailOnline there could be some factors that make celebrities more vulnerable to Lyme disease.
Miranda Hart has given a rare insight into her three decade mystery health battle and the moment she received her official diagnosis - she has Lyme Disease
The comic officially received the diagnosis in lockdown and believes she contracted Lyme Disease when she 14 after battling nasty flu like symptoms in Virginia 
He said the stars' increased leisure time and typically greater access to the wilder outdoor areas where ticks reside, than normal people, could simply make it a numbers game. 
'If there is a rich and famous or class bias in this, it's probably because they spend more time walking around in wooded parkland, more money to go out to those areas, or have big homes with these sorts of places,' Professor Hunter added. 
The fact that celebrities are more likely to live in the US, where Lyme disease is more famously prevalent, could be another factor.
'As you're walking along the ticks jump on your legs and crawl their way up...have a blood feast and give you Lyme disease,' he said.
'If you go walking in these sorts of places the best thing to do is check, when you get home, that you don't have any ticks on you and if you have remove them safely.'
Miranda was initially mislabeled as being agoraphobic — an anxiety disorder characterised by symptoms of anxiety in situations.
She also recalls running out a doctor's appointment in floods of tears after they told her she was 'TATT' — 'Tired All The Time' and said: 'I just don't know what to do with you'. 
The comic officially received the diagnosis lockdown and believes she contracted Lyme Disease when she was 14 after battling nasty flu-like symptoms in Virginia.
Professor Hunter said testing for Lyme disease was a complex, and sometimes controversial, topic with some tests offered by some private clinics not recognised by health authorities. 
Clinicians have previously warned that some clinics are effectively offering Lyme disease diagnosis on demand for patients seeking an answer for symptoms, real or imagined.
This can particularly be the case for people who suffer 'chronic' or ongoing Lyme disease symptoms that can last for years.  
Bella Hadid last year said that she had undergone 100 days of treatment amid a battle with the condition that stretched nearly 15 years 
Justin Bieber, pictured last month in NYC, in January of 2020 said that doctors had diagnosed him with Lyme disease after being at the receiving end of nasty remarks about his appearance 
Experts like Professor Hunter say some chronic Lyme disease cases are certainly real, but others are likely to be suffering from other conditions. 
'There are people who do get longer term symptoms but probably not as frequently as people who believe they have,' he said. 
'A range of symptoms, longer term, are headaches, neck stiffness, rashes, facial palsy which is partial paralysis of face muscles, arthritis and joint pain is a common one, intermittent pain in tendons, palpitations, dizziness, inflammation, nerve pain.
'The problem is all of those are quite common in the population in the whole, some people particularly as you get older get joint pain quite often which can just be wear and tear, rheumatoid arthritis, or Lyme disease.
'Distinguishing them, other than by definitive blood tests, is not easy.' 
A host of other celebs have also shared their battle with Lyme disease in recent years. 
Yolanda Hadid said that she had suffered deep depression amid a pileup of symptoms for the better part of a decade which she attributed to chronic Lyme.
'I can’t begin to describe the darkness, the pain and the hell I lived through every day,' the socialite told British Vogue in February 2021. 'This disease brought me to my knees.'
Her daughter, Bella also last year described how she had undergone 100 days of treatment amid a battle with the condition that stretched nearly 15 years.
Musical artist Justin Bieber said, in January of 2020, that doctors had diagnosed him with Lyme disease after receiving nasty remarks about his appearance. 
'Vulnerable and desperate' patients are being misdiagnosed by profit-focused private clinic as having with Lyme disease, a condition spread by tick bites, doctors have warned
Getting rid of a tick from your own skin is crucial to avoid the risk of infection, or contracting other diseases including Lyme disease. The NHS has a four-step routine to help safely spot and remove ticks
Lyme disease can be tricky to diagnose, a tell-tale bulls-eye rash may not appear in all people and the broad flu-like symptoms can also be caused by a variety of other conditions 
'While a lot of people kept saying "Justin Bieber looks like s***, on meth" etc. they failed to realize I've been recently diagnosed with Lyme disease, not only that but had a serious case of chronic mono which affected my, skin, brain function, energy, and overall health,' the Grammy-winning artist wrote on Instagram.
Actor Ben Stiller told The Hollywood Reporter in 2011 that he'd been diagnosed with the ailment in 2010.
'I got it in Nantucket, Massachusetts, a couple of years ago,' Stiller told the outlet. 'My knee became inflamed and they couldn’t figure out what it was, then they found out it was Lyme. I’m symptom-free now, but Lyme doesn’t ever leave your system. It’s a really tough thing.' 
And comic Amy Schumer said on Instagram in September of 2020 that she had caught Lyme disease, informing her followers of the medication she had been taking.
'Anyone get LYME this summer? I got it and I'm on doxycycline,' Schumer said. 'I have maybe had it for years. Any advice? Can you have a glass of wine or 2 on it? I know to stay out of the sun. I'm also taking these herbs from cape cod called lyme-2. I also want to say that I feel good and am excited to get rid of it.'
Lyme disease, which has historically been found in the North East of US, but has recently spread further afield to other states, can be difficult to diagnose. 
The first sign of the disease, which is also found in the UK and Europe, is a tell-tale bullseye rash that develops where the person was bitten, but this only appears on some people. 
This rash can appear up to three months after the bite. 
Sufferers then develop general flu-like symptoms, including fatigue, headache, swollen joints and a fever, which can last for a few weeks.
The delay between the bite, the rash which may not appear and the broad symptoms which could belong to a variety of other conditions, means patients can struggle to get a diagnosis. 
Two blood tests that can diagnose Lyme disease are available, but the NHS warns they can be unreliable in the early stages of the disease. 
A course of antibiotics is typically enough to treat most Lyme disease patients, though the process can take several weeks.
However, for reasons scientists are still exploring, some people with the disease can suffer ongoing symptoms for years.
The NHS warns that, as this form of the disease is still not understood, there is no agreed upon treatment. 
Previous research has suggested the vast majority of people diagnosed with Lyme disease do not actually have the condition.   
Comic Amy Schumer said on Instagram in September of 2020 that she had caught Lyme disease
Ben Stiller said that he'd been diagnosed with the ailment in 2010. Pictured in LA in 2023 
Experts from John Hopkins University in the US found that out of a sample of over 1,200 patients diagnosed with Lyme disease over 13 years, three-quarters were not affected, according to gold standard blood tests.
Publishing their findings in the journal Open Forum Infectious Diseases, they said this had led to patients being commonly given 'unnecessary antibiotic treatment'.
About 850 people in England had laboratory confirmed Lyme disease in England last year, according to Government figures.
However, an additional 1,000 to 2,000 people were diagnosed with the disease without laboratory testing. 
Only up to one in 20 tick bites are thought to cause Lyme disease in England, though risk varies by specific area and time of year. 
A rash is one of the most obvious signs of Lyme disease to look out for. 
The erythema migrans (EM) rash, often referred to as a bull's-eye rash due to its red circular rings, should be treated straight away, says the charity Lyme Disease UK. 
However, the rash doesn't always present in the same way, especially on darker skin, and a third of people do not develop a rash at all. 
It can also not take on a ring shape and instead have a solid or bruise-like appearance.
The behaviour of any rash after a tick bite is the most important thing to be aware of, warns Lyme Disease UK. 
An EM rash takes at least three days, and in some cases up to three months, to appear. 
It generally isn't itchy, painful, or hot, and gradually spreads outwards. 
However, if you have redness or itchiness immediately after a tick bite is usually a histamine reaction. 
The erythema migrans (EM) rash, often referred to as a bull's-eye rash due to its red circular rings, should be treated straight away, says the charity Lyme Disease UK
Not everyone develops a rash.
Some people experience flu-like symptoms.
Often likened to a 'summer flu', Lyme Disease UK says some people can get headaches, a stiff neck, muscle pain and fatigue. 
Some small children may also have behavioural changes as they are unable to articulate how they are feeling, the charity adds. 
If Lyme disease is left untreated or if it is not treated early on, weeks, months or even years later more serious symptoms can develop. 
Pain and swelling in the joints, known as inflammatory arthritis, is one of the more serious symptoms that can follow Lyme disease, according to the government website. 
Muscle and joint pain can also be felt just weeks or days after getting tick bite, the NHS says.  
More serious symptoms can develop if Lyme disease is left untreated. 
Drooping on one side of the face or a weakness of your facial muscles is another indication of an infection. 
That's because the bacteria that causes Lyme disease can also damage the nervous system, including the facial nerve.  
Weakness or a paralysis of the facial muscles can be seen in someone infected by Lyme disease and it usually affects on side of the face, according to the charity Facial Palsy UK. 
This symptom is especially common in children, says Lyme Disease UK. 
Some people can also experience shooting nerve pains. 
This pain can feel sharp or prickly and follow the course of the nerve, according to the government website.
Being forgetful and struggling to concentrate are also later symptoms of the disease.  
The bacteria that causes Lyme disease can not only cause numbness and nerve pain, but also memory problems and difficulty concentrating, according to the government website. 
If the disease is treated early on it is less likely you will suffer with memory problems.  
In the early stages Lyme disease it can cause conjunctivitis making your eyes bloodshot, irritated and swollen
Blurry vision could be a sign of Lyme disease.  
The Borrelia burgdorferi bacteria that causes Lyme disease can also change your vision, according to the charity Guide Dogs UK.  
People can experience floaters and inflammation typically in the late stages of the disease. 
However. this vision change can be temporary and can improve or resolve with treatment of the disease.  
In the early stages the disease can cause conjunctivitis making your eyes bloodshot, irritated and swollen. 
Due to the neurological effects of the infection, it can cause twitching anywhere on the body including the eyes. 
The charity also highlights a more rare eye symptom, known as optic neuritis. 
This is where the optic nerve becomes inflamed, which can lead to severe eye pain and vision loss, but experts say it is unclear how Lyme disease directly causes this to happen. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group