Hailey Bieber is navigating the ups and downs of pregnancy like a pro—including how to stay comfortable in the summer heat.
Hailey Bieber is on the rhode to pure comfort.
As the 27-year-old—who is expecting her first baby with husband Justin Bieber—progresses on her pregnancy journey, she’s learning how to best navigate the physical challenges that crop up.
In this case, she’s found the perfect hack to dealing with the summer heat.
“If you’re pregnant in this heat,” Hailey wrote on her June 30 Instagram Story. “Trust me, feet + legs in the ice bath or cold plunge.”
To demonstrate her point, the Rhode beauty founder shared a photo of her feet dipped in icy water alongside a row of pinched finger emojis.
And this isn’t the first time Hailey has gotten candid about the ups and downs of pregnancy since she and Justin announced they were expecting in May.
Just one month after sharing her baby news, Hailey showed off her growing baby bump in a selfie, under which she wrote, “So who was gonna tell me about the lower back pain?"
Another common side effect of pregnancy? Intense cravings—something else Hailey has grown all too familiar with. In fact, she recently gave her followers a look into some of the foods that have become extra yummy.
"Currently my biggest craving," Hailey confessed in a May 15 Instagram Story. "Egg salad on top of a pickle with hot sauce."
Anticipating some push back on the unusual combination, she added, "And no, you're not allowed to judge!!!"
Amid all Hailey’s candid moments are also plenty of sweet glimpses into her journey—and her A+ pregnancy style along the way.
Never afraid to accentuate her baby bump, Hailey has recently donned both a skintight black romper, which she shared to her June 18 Story, as well as a lingerie-inspired sheer jumpsuit for a dinner date with Justin in New York a few days later.
For more of Hailey’s pregnancy fashion, keep reading.
Parents to Be
Amid her pregnancy, Hailey Bieber bared her growing baby bump in an open blouse and oversized blazer while visiting Japan with husband Justin Bieber.
Summer Styling
Hailey kept things cool but chic in the July summer heat with a baby tee and overalls. 
A Vision in Beige
The beauty mogul rocked this monochromatic look at a June pop-up for her brand in NYC.
Kiss Me
The couple—who married in a September 2018 courthouse ceremony before tying the knot again a year later at a lavish wedding—shared a sweet kiss in their vacation photos in May 2024.
Family for Real
Hailey captioned the pictures on Instagram Story, "Mom n Dad fr."
Maternity Style
The model snapped a closet selfie of her maternity 'fit in this photo shared on the Rhode Skin Instagram account June 19.
Rhode to Motherhood
Hailey showed off her baby bump in an ivory two-piece while visiting the Rhode Skin offices.
Peek-a-Boo
Her baby bump played peek-a-boo in this all-black ensemble.
Babymoon
During their Japan trip, Hailey—clad in white crop top—and Justin visited artist Takashi Murakami‘s sculpture outside of the Kyocera Museum of Art in Kyoto.
Mellow Yellow
The Rhode Skin founder showed off her baby belly in a yellow baby tee, which matched perfectly with her knitted bucket hat. 
Sheer Genius
Hailey donned a see-through top and bralette—as well as a statement necklace bearing her and Justin's last initials—during a night out in Los Angeles.
Leather Look
Hailey proved that maternity style can have an edge to it, rocking a cropped leather jacket with low-rise trousers.
Lovely in Lace
The model's baby bump played peek-a-boo in this see-through, lace dress.
Comfy and Casual
Hailey kicked back in an oversized T-shirt and baseball cap during her pregnancy.
Butterfly Effect
She donned a pink butterfly top and low-rise blue jeans in a series of Instagram photos shared in May 2024.
Model Behavior
The Y2K-inspired top inspired Hailey to pose for an impromptu photo shoot.
Bumpin' Along
In the snaps, Hailey cradled her baby bump as she looked toward the horizon.
Vision in White
Hailey wore a lacy Saint Laurent gown to renew her vows with Justin in Hawaii. The couple announced their pregnancy on May 9, sharing footage from the intimate ceremony.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.