ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
TORONTO, ONTARIO - FEBRUARY 03: Celebrity Captain Justin Bieber of Team Matthews warms up prior to ... More the 2024 Honda NHL All-Star Game on February 03, 2024 in Toronto, Ontario. Justin Bieber's "Life Is Worth Living" brings him to a new peak on one Billboard chart, nearly a decade after it was first released. (Photo by Claus Andersen/Getty Images)
Justin Bieber is on something of a musical hiatus at the moment, as he’s otherwise preoccupied with his duties as a new dad. As the world waits to hear more from the pop singer, one of his older cuts is becoming something of a late-in-its-life hit online, and it’s quickly rising the ranks.
“Life Is Worth Living” jumps up the TikTok Billboard Top 50 this frame, nearly entering the top 10. Bieber’s track soars, improving to No. 12, which is essentially twice as well as the tune performed last period.
Bieber scored his first hit on the TikTok Billboard Top 50 last week with the same tune. It opened at No. 25, and now it’s improved its standing, becoming an even bigger hit for the singer.
Of course, since “Life Is Worth Living” remains Bieber’s only career placement on Billboard’s ranking of the most-heard and most-used tunes on TikTok, every time the song climbs, so too does the Grammy winner’s best appearance. While he may be hugely popular and incredibly successful, the TikTok Billboard Top 50 was established only a little more than a year ago, and Bieber has been largely on a break since then.
Bieber first released “Life Is Worth Living” almost a decade ago, and until recently, the track had all but been forgotten. The tune was never selected as a single, and the album it’s featured on, Purpose, was packed full of generation-defining hits, so it’s understandable why it wouldn’t rank among his most popular songs from that project.
Despite only being an album track, “Life Is Worth Living” still managed to reach the Hot 100. The non-single peaked at No. 49, and the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) has already certified it gold, as it’s shifted at least half a million units.
If “Life Is Worth Living” continues to find an audience on TikTok, Bieber and his record label may decide to finally release it as a single. That form of promotion isn’t common, but these days, the internet and social media provide opportunities for older cuts to become hugely popular again, or perhaps for the first time. In the past few years, stars like Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift have both seen older tracks suddenly surge on TikTok, and then they were promoted as singles, and went on to enjoy healthy lives on the charts.