Willy Chavarria has crept into everyday life. Perhaps you’ve seen the designer’s clothing when you pull up Omar Apollo’s new album, on YouTube when you watch Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” music video, or in Justin Bieber’s paparazzi photos.
Chavarria is just as surprised to see his work everywhere. “It’s very, very rewarding,” the designer says from his New York studio, not long after Justin Bieber was spied wearing a pair of the his oversized basketball shorts (the same pair that Apollo wears on the cover of God Said No.) “What I love most, is that we haven’t been a brand that intentionally seeds product to drive sales.”
Justin Bieber in New York.
Kendrick Lamar at Bonnaroo.
Billie Eilish at the 2024 Golden Globes.
Despite the fact that Chavarria is becoming more of a household name, he isn’t dressing everyone who comes knocking on his door. With so much of his work imbued with his Chicano roots, the designer is cautious about bringing cultural aesthetics into the mainstream. “It’s something I’m sensitive about and I’m very careful to do it in a way that is most of all respectful of my culture. So I don’t really work with just anybody to tell you the truth,” he says.
“Someone like Kendrick, who has so much thought and intelligence behind his work and his wardrobe, is so considered. He’s someone who understands the impact of what he’s doing, and his messaging is all very, very politically minded, and it comes from a place of sincerity and goodness,” Chavarria adds. “He’s also very LA, and it makes sense for him to wear highly Chicano-influenced stuff. I dressed him for his last tour, and the entire wardrobe for that tour was intentionally LA Chicano: white socks, Nike Cortez, and we just did it in really bold colours.”
So what is the criteria for joining the ranks of his celebrity clientele – Billie Eilish, Tracee Ellis Ross, and Lamar among them?“The meaning of their work is very genuine and on the right side of humanity,” the designer says. “With all the negativity that we’ve got going on, that’s something very encouraging and very empowering, to see those people with those voices.”
Becky G and Willy Chavarria at Vogue World: Paris.
Chavarria’s social and political conscious are woven into his brand’s DNA. But there was once a time when he felt discouraged from using his voice. “The first show I ever did was in 2017 and so many people tried to discourage me from doing something political, because you just don’t do that,” he says. Instead, he was encouraged to stay apolitical in order to appeal to a wider customer base. “But I felt like I had to do something. It ended up being the best thing I ever did, because people actually felt very touched and heard and listened to, and like they could connect with the brand.”
Though he is selective, Chavarria still keeps a list of celebrities he’d like to dress, and it’s probably not what you’d expect. “I’d like to dress more anchorpeople on TV,” he says. “I feel like a lot of them need my help.” The top of his list? “I love Joy Reid. I really want to style her. She’s so good.”
While it remains to be seen if Reid will turn up to her primetime MSNBC slot in Chavarria’s oversized floral tailoring, the designer has other plans to get involved in the political sphere. Immediately following his spring/summer 2025 fashion show at New York Fashion Week in September, he will host a panel with the ACLU. “It’s just to get people more interested in what’s happening with democracy, and to excite people about going to vote in the presidential election,” he says. “I think it’s going to be a really important and cool part of Fashion Week.”
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast