Tate McRae might have just done the funniest thing to diss her ex. 
In case you don’t know, Tate McRae is a Canadian singer originally from Calgary, Alberta. She is most known for her singles like “you broke me first” and “she’s all i wanna be,” as well as new songs from her album, THINK LATER like “greedy” and “exes.” Fans adore the 20-year-old’s relatable, but heartbreaking, lyrics, and she has assembled a strong fanbase. 
The young pop princess has always been proud of being from Canada. Unsurprisingly, being from Canada, she’s had a history of hockey in her life. She has, however, gone on the record and said her childhood hockey career was “tragic.” This didn’t stop her from including hockey motifs in her newest album though!
Before I get ahead of myself, let’s take this back to 2021. In September of that year, Columbus Blue Jackets rookie, Cole Sillinger, said on a podcast called “Showbound” that one of his celebrity crushes was actually Tate McRae. From here, it felt like fans were watching a whirlwind romance. 
@bluejacketsnhl 1st round pick Cole Sillinger says @charlidamelio is his celebrity crush! Rask and Cards did not approve… #celebrity #charli #crush
They got together a few months later in part to what Tate said was her “brother’s friend’s friend.” In mid-2022, the couple posted pictures together from vacation, seemingly confirming the two were a pair. They were together for about a year, then fans noticed that Sillinger deleted all pictures he had with her off of his Instagram. Then, Tate went onto a SiriusXM radio show in September 2023 and confirmed she was, in fact, single. 
Now, this is where I want to bring back her involvement with hockey. With her dating an up-and-coming NHL player, fans of the sport started to take note of who she was. She dropped a major bomb when releasing the cover art to her newest album. On the cover of her album THINK LATER, Tate can be seen repping goalie pads with the album title on it. This. Shocked. Everyone. 
Tate fans and hockey fans all over the world were going crazy at the star sort of sending a diss to her ex by including this hockey image in her album (an album that fans quickly realized would be about Sillinger.) It doesn’t stop there, she also included song titles like “calgary” (a location of an NHL team) and “messier” (the last name of a very famous NHL player) that fans speculated could be about the sport. 
Fans everywhere had this “good for her” mindset and they kept getting fed. This is where it gets good. Soon after the release of her album, it was announced that not only would Tate be performing at the NHL All-Star game, but she would be a celebrity coach too. 
The jokes write themselves here.
Everyone poked fun at her ex saying how Tate, a singer, could end up at the NHL All-Star Game before he could. It was entertaining to see. She totally fed into this too, being one of the standout celebrity coaches along with Will Arnet, Michael Buble, and Justin Bieber. Yes, Justin Bieber. 
Her performance was top-notch. She donned a black and silver two-piece, very on-brand for the NHL color scheme. She gave a stellar performance of her hit songs “exes,” “you broke me first,” and “greedy.” Two of these songs are rumored to be about Sillinger which just makes this story even better. 
I think men should take a lesson from Tate McRae and be careful about how they act because your ex can take your job and do it much better. 
The newsletter you won’t leave unread.

									UCF '26								
(but via email)
The newsletter you won’t leave unread.