By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:27, 14 December 2024   |  Updated:  03:58, 14 December 2024   
 62
View  comments
Hailey Bieber stepped out for a pilates class after she showed her support for Selena Gomez's engagement.
The 28-year-old model looked effortlessly stylish as she tried to keep a low-key profile following her workout class in Beverly Hills on Friday.
She threw on an oversize leather jacket over her gym outfit — a black T-shirt and gym shorts — and she was seen exiting the pilates studio wearing a black baseball cap and sunglasses.
She had one arm wrapped around her orange tumbler as she carried her black leather handbag.
While juggling her belongings, the Rhode Skin founder adjusted and flashed the massive sparkler on her ring finger, which she received from her husband Justin Bieber, 30, for their vow renewal. 
This comes after she reacted to her husband's ex-girlfriend Gomez, 32, getting engaged to Benny Blanco, 36.
Hailey Bieber was seen leaving her pilates class after she showed her support for Selena Gomez's engagement. The model, 28, looked effortlessly stylish as she kept a low-key profile following her workout in Beverly Hills on Friday
In the past, Hailey and Gomez were caught up in a infamous love triangle, both dating Justin in on-and-off relationships at different times. Hailey has always maintained that their relationships never overlapped. 
In September 2018, Hailey and Justin got married in a civil ceremony — just months after his final breakup with Gomez. 
Recently, Hailey and Justin became first-time parents and welcomed their son Jack Blues Bieber in August. 
After they all moved on and as Gomez prepares to embark on her own married life journey, Hailey shared a subtle sign of support for her.
She left a 'like' on Gomez's Instagram post announcing her engagement to Blanco. 
Just a couple days earlier, Gomez announced her betrothal to the music producer and shared photos from the romantic proposal. 
She posted loved-up photos alongside her now-fiancé, as well as closeup shots of her gorgeous marquise-cut diamond ring. 
'Forever begins now,' the Wizards of Waverly Place alumna captioned her Instagram post. 
She threw on an oversize leather jacket over her gym outfit — a black T-shirt and gym shorts — and was seen exiting the pilates studio sporting a baseball cap and sunglasses
While juggling her belongings, the Rhode Skin founder flashed the massive sparkler on her ring finger, which she received from her husband Justin Bieber, 30, for their vow renewal
She had one arm wrapped around her orange tumbler as she carried her black leather handbag
As she dated Justin on and off from 2010 to 2018, there have long been rumors of a feud between her and Hailey. 
In June of 2023, Hailey addressed the speculation while promoting her Rhode skincare line in an interview with Emily Chang for Bloomberg's The Circuit. 
She said she believed the fight stemmed from people's 'made-up narratives' of what their lives are like. 
'There's narratives that exist for me that really hurt my feelings and make me really upset,' she said. 
When Chang pressed on the 'ongoing drama' between her and 'another celebrity,' she was keen to have her say.
'I don't think that this is about me, Hailey Bieber, and Selena Gomez,' she said. 'This is not about this pitting between two women — it's about the vile, disgusting hatred that can come from completely made-up and twisted, and perpetuated narratives, that can be really dangerous.' 
She added: 'I don't like this whole idea of Team This Person or Team This Person. I want to be able to bring people together and I think that it was really an important moment for people to see that you can do that and it doesn't have to be about this divisive nature.' 
Chang described it as a 'frustrating old narrative' because it was two women 'being pitted against each other over a man.' 
Just a couple days earlier, Gomez announced her betrothal to the music producer Benny Blanco and shared photos from the romantic proposal. Hailey left a 'like' on Gomez's Instagram post announcing the news
Gomez has been dating Blanco since June 2023 but only confirmed their relationship in December that year. She confirmed to fans that she had been secretly dating him for six months, and said he was her 'absolute everything'; pictured in October in LA
Hailey and Gomez were previously caught up in a infamous love triangle after dating Justin in on-and-off relationships at different times. Hailey has maintained that their relationships never overlapped; Gomez and Bieber seen in August 2011
In September 2018, Hailey and Justin got married in a civil ceremony — months after his final breakup with Gomez. Recently, Hailey and Justin became first-time parents and welcomed their son Jack Blues Bieber in August; pictured September 2021 in New York City
She raised her voice in agreement: 'Because of a guy! It's awful! I hate it! I've hated it since the beginning and it goes back to being misunderstood.' 
Gomez has been dating Blanco since June 2023 but only went on to confirm their relationship that December. 
At the time, she used Instagram to confirm to fans that she had been secretly dating the hitmaker for six months and that he was her 'absolute everything.' 
Before their connection turned romantic, Gomez and Blanco were friends for over a decade and had previously collaborated on music together.
Blanco proposed to the Only Murders In The Building actress over Taco Bell during a romantic picnic date.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group