Sign in or Subscribe 
See Offers




Account Subscription: ACTIVE
Questions about your account? Our customer service team can be reached at circulation@metln.org during business hours at (207) 791-6000.
If New York and Atlanta split the doubleheader, both teams will make the playoffs. If either team sweeps, it makes the playoffs along with Arizona. 
You are able to gift 5 more articles this month.
Anyone can access the link you share with no account required.  Learn more.
With a Press Herald subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
It looks like you do not have any active subscriptions. To get one, go to the subscriptions page.
With a Press Herald subscription, you can gift 5 articles each month.
Francisco Lindor, right, is congratulated by third base coach Mike Sarbaugh after hitting a solo home run in the sixth inning of the Mets’ 5-0 win on Sunday in Milwaukee.  Aaron Gash/Associated Press 
NEW YORK — The baseball season is going extra innings.
While the American League playoff picture cleared up Sunday, the National League remained muddled heading into what was supposed to be an off day before the postseason.
AL West champion Houston hosts Detroit, and Baltimore is at home against Kansas City in best-of-three Wild Card Series starting Tuesday. The Astros-Tigers winner faces AL Central champion Cleveland in a Division Series starting Saturday, and the Orioles-Royals winner plays the AL East champion New York Yankees.
The NL is still uncertain because of two rainouts last week caused by Hurricane Helene, with the New York Mets, Arizona and Atlanta vying for the final two wild-card spots in the 12-team playoffs. The Mets traveled back to Atlanta on Sunday and will play a makeup doubleheader against the rival Braves on Monday.
Arizona finished 89-73 and the Mets and Braves are both 88-72. If either team sweeps the doubleheader, the Diamondbacks reach the playoffs. But if the twinbill is split, the Mets and Braves advance and Arizona is out because the Diamondbacks lost their season series to both New York and Atlanta.
Arizona can only be the No. 6 seed if it reaches the postseason and would play a Division Series at NL Central champion Milwaukee.Advertisement
If the Braves win either game of the doubleheader, they would play a Division Series at San Diego.
If the Mets sweep the doubleheader, they become the No. 5 seed and play at San Diego. If they split and are the No. 6 seed, they go right back to Milwaukee to face the Brewers.
New York beat Milwaukee 5-0 on Sunday to finish 1-5 against the Brewers this season.
Mets right-hander Tylor Megill (4-5) and Atlanta rookie Spencer Schwellenbach (8-7) were scheduled to start the doubleheader opener.
Right-hander Luis Severino (11-7) and Braves ace Chris Sale (18-3) were lined up for the second game, but a team winning the opener was likely to save that starting pitcher for Game 1 of a Division Series on Tuesday.
LEADERS: Luis Arraez held off Shohei Ohtani’s bid to win the National League Triple Crown and was set to become the first player since the 1800s to earn batting titles with three teams.Advertisement
Kansas City Royals star Bobby Witt Jr. won his first American League batting championship, finishing with a major league-best .332 average.
Arraez went 1 for 3 on Sunday and posted a .314 average for San Diego, the lowest for an NL batting champion since Tony Gwynn’s record-low .313 in 1988. After striking out and flying out in his first two at-bats, Arraez doubled in the sixth inning to reach 200 hits for the second straight season. He was pulled for a defensive replacement in the bottom half.
Arraez won the 2022 AL title at .316 for Minnesota and the 2023 NL title at .354 for Miami, which traded him to the Padres in May. He became the first NL player with 200 hits in consecutive seasons since Juan Pierre in 2003 and ’04.
Dan Brouthers won five batting titles with four teams from 1882-92.
Ohtani went 1 for 4 with an eighth-inning single and finished second in the National League at .310. In his first season with the Los Angeles Dodgers, he led the NL with 54 homers and 130 RBIs. He also got his 59th stolen base Sunday to cap a remarkable campaign in which he became the first major leaguer with 50 homers and 50 steals in one season. The two-way star did not pitch this year following elbow surgery in September 2023.
Joe Medwick of the St. Louis Cardinals was the last NL Triple Crown winner in 1937. The most recent player to achieve the feat in either league was Detroit slugger Miguel Cabrera in 2012, which ended a 45-year drought.Advertisement
Atlanta’s Marcell Ozuna sits third in the NL in batting at .304 and would have to go 9 for 9 in a makeup doubleheader Monday against the New York Mets to overtake Arraez.
Witt, who took his first day off all season Saturday, went 1 for 4 in the Royals’ finale to finish at .332. Toronto’s Vladimir Guerrero was second at .323 and the New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge third at .322.
Judge had 58 homers to lead the major leagues for the second time after hitting an AL-record 62 in 2022. His 144 RBI were the most in the majors since Philadelphia’s Ryan Howard had 146 in 2008.
Seven batters are hitting .300 or higher, which would be the fewest since a record low six in 1968. There were 55 in 1999 during the Steroids Era.
Among pitchers, this was just the fifth non-shortened season without a 20-game winner after 1871, 2006, 2009 and 2017.
Detroit’s Tarik Skubal and Atlanta’s Chris Sale top the major leagues with 18 wins each, though Sale might pitch against the Mets on Monday. Hampered by injuries, the left-hander totaled 17 wins over the previous five seasons.
Sale is on track to lead the NL in ERA at 2.38, with Philadelphia’s Zack Wheeler at 2.57. Skubal’s 2.39 mark led the AL.
Sale tops the NL with 235 strikeouts and Skubal led the AL with 228. Sale became the first pitcher to win an NL pitching Triple Crown since the Los Angeles Dodgers’ Clayton Kershaw in 2011.
Skubal became the first AL pitching Triple Crown winner since Cleveland’s Shane Bieber during the pandemic-shortened 2020 season, and the first in a full season since Justin Verlander in 2011.
We believe it’s important to offer commenting on certain stories as a benefit to our readers. At its best, our comments sections can be a productive platform for readers to engage with our journalism, offer thoughts on coverage and issues, and drive conversation in a respectful, solutions-based way. It’s a form of open discourse that can be useful to our community, public officials, journalists and others. Read more... 
We do not enable comments on everything — exceptions include most crime stories, and coverage involving personal tragedy or sensitive issues that invite personal attacks instead of thoughtful discussion. 
For those stories that we do enable discussion, our system may hold up comments pending the approval of a moderator for several reasons, including possible violation of our guidelines. As the Maine Trust’s digital team reviews these comments, we ask for patience.  
Comments are managed by our staff during regular business hours Monday through Friday and limited hours on Saturday and Sunday. Comments held for moderation outside of those hours may take longer to approve. 
By joining the conversation, you are agreeing to our commenting policy and terms of use. More information is found on our FAQs. 
You can modify your screen name here.
Show less
Please sign into your Press Herald account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.
Your commenting screen name has been updated.
Send questions/comments to the editors.


			« Previous		



			Next »