By BRIAN GALLAGHER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:59, 26 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:59, 26 September 2024   
 25
View  comments
Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey were spotted out for the first time since Diddy's federal indictment, and fans are worried... for more than one reason.
Many took to social media to comment on how thin the 30-year-old singer looked when he was spotted at Nobu Malibu on Wednesday.
Some even wondered where the couple's newborn baby Jack was, with the outing just over a month since the couple became parents.
Many others, though, commented on something entirely different - the fact that the Baby singer was driving a controversial Cybertruck from Elon Musk's Tesla company.
'He drives that ugly refrigerator Ugh,' said journalist Roger Friedman, who runs the Hollywood blog Showbiz 411. 
Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey were s potted out for the first time since Diddy's federal indictment , and fans are worried... for more than one reason
Some even wondered where the couple's newborn baby Jack was, with the outing just over a month since the couple became parents
Many others, though, commented on something entirely different - the fact that the Baby singer was driving a controversial Cybertruck from Elon Musk 's Tesla company
'He drives that ugly refrigerator Ugh,' said journalist Roger Friedman, who runs the Hollywood blog Showbiz 411.
@thedellylama added, 'It's 2024! Why are we still supporting Elon Musk?' @cocineramayor added 'The car is so ugly and unsafe' as @tania.likes.lasagna simply said, 'Not the Cybertruck,' with three crying emojis.
@ocular_observations insisted, 'That car tells me everything I need to know about them,' along with a red flag emoji, though @sie_ox_sy said, 'With all the P Diddler news coming out, I would look that way too. I hope Justin is OK.'
@influencer_snark2.0 said, 'The cyber truck ruined my day,' while @listenttoaiofe said, 'Justin Bieber looking like Kid Rock,' and @miss_anamendes said the photos didn't look like him adding, 'He changed a lot.' 
@bridgetspinnner_ joked, 'The cyber truck jumpscare lol,' though @maddiegaither and @blessedleo_8 thought he didn't look happy, with @blessedleo_8 'praying for him and what he went through.' 
@breanna.brunet said, 'Cyber truck gives the ick. Buying teslas is a political statement at this point imo and @jazzroma said, 'That's not Justin Bieber... that's a Crocodile Dundee impersonator.' 
Another user, @xxtals, commented, 'Ugh not the cyber truck' while @melanie_keruzammel said, 'Parenting is looking great on these two' with a red heart emoji. 
Still, many commenters like @fatimahjabbar_said, 'He looks anything but relaxed,' though others like @kritzzay said, 'It makes me so happy to see him with his family all happy.' 
@definitely_desi said, 'That's the healthiest I've seen him look in forever' though @philoftravel thought, 'He looks like if Crocodile Dundee got super into ketamine.' 
@thedellylama added, 'It's 2024! Why are we still supporting Elon Musk?' @cocineramayor added 'The car is so ugly and unsafe' as @tania.likes.lasagna simply said, 'Not the Cybertruck,' with three crying emojis.
@ocular_observations insisted, 'That car tells me everything I need to know about them,' along with a red flag emoji, though @sie_ox_sy said, 'With all the P Diddler news coming out, I would look that way too. I hope Justin is OK'
@influencer_snark2.0 said, 'The cyber truck ruined my day,' while @listenttoaiofe said, 'Justin Bieber looking like Kid Rock,' and @miss_anamendes said the photos didn't look like him adding, 'He changed a lot.'
@bridgetspinnner_ joked, 'The cyber truck jumpscare lol,' though @maddiegaither and @blessedleo_8 thought he didn't look happy, with @blessedleo_8 'praying for him and what he went through.'
@breanna.brunet said, 'Cyber truck gives the ick. Buying teslas is a political statement at this point imo and @jazzroma said, 'That's not Justin Bieber... that's a Crocodile Dundee impersonator.'
Still, many commenters like @fatimahjabbar_said, 'He looks anything but relaxed,' though others like @kritzzay said, 'It makes me so happy to see him with his family all happy.'
Another user, @xxtals, commented, 'Ugh not the cyber truck' while @melanie_keruzammel said, 'Parenting is looking great on these two' with a red heart emoji.
@definitely_desi said, 'That's the healthiest I've seen him look in forever' though @philoftravel thought, 'He looks like if Crocodile Dundee got super into ketamine.'
Justin Bieber sparked concern for his health on Monday as he broke cover for the first time since Diddy was indicted on sex trafficking charges last week.
Baby hitmaker Bieber's formerly close bond with disgraced Diddy has fallen under intense speculation since the indictment - with troubling videos of the pair emerging partying and a then-15 year-old Bieber spending '48 hours with Diddy.'
Bieber, 30, who recently welcomed a son with wife Hailey, has not publicly commented on the drama and looked cheery as he stepped out for dinner with his partner, 27, in LA - but fans quickly voiced fears over his 'thin' appearance.
The singer wore a grey hoodie, baggy jeans and fedora for dinner, completing his ensemble with shades.
New mom Hailey wore a leather coat and black trousers as she chatted with her husband four weeks after announcing the birth of their first child Jack Blues.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group