By Author Simon Delott


Published: Apr 05, 2024 at 1:00 PM • Updated: May 09, 2024 at 4:20 PM • Category Hailey Baldwin 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
UPDATE: We now know that Hailey is pregnant with her first child! Congrats to the happy couple!
Are Justin and Hailey Bieber arguing about when to have kids?
The intense divorce rumors about Justin and Hailey Bieber have never been stronger than in early 2024.
Even their own family members have made it public that the couple is facing some sort of “crisis.”
A new report sheds light on the details. When is the right time for the Bieber family to expand?
In late February, Hailey Bieber’s weirdo dad Stephen Baldwin asked fans to pray for the Biebers. Specifically, he reshared the post of a pastor who says that he and Hailey’s mom both pray for Hailey and Justin.
“Christians, please when you think of Justin and Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them,” the message began.
The post added: “Regardless of the material things or the accolades, they often face spiritual warfare that… seeks to shipwreck their faith, marriage, and life in general.”
What’s interesting is that the pastor — and, one can only assume, both of Hailey’s parents — isn’t just talking about praying for someone while they’re sick.
According to Pastor Victor Marx, Hailey and Justin have been targeted by forces that are hostile to their faith.
The implication is that Hailey and The Biebs are the targets of spiritual warfare. Presumably by their religion’s literal actual devil.
Notably, and despite reports that Hailey resented her father’s post, Hailey and Justin rolled up to a church in their hideous cybertruck. This was, notably, in the middle of the week. Fans assume that Hailey and Justin agree that they’re in a crisis, but just wanted to keep it private.
According to a report by Life & Style, Hailey and Justin Bieber have been fighting over whether to have kids.
Part of it is apparently a very normal dispute over when is the right time to grow their family. Justin just turned 30, while Hailey is only 27.
Additionally, it sounds like Hailey has concerns over Justin’s mental health. Which is generally never a good time to bring a baby into the picture.
“Their marriage isn’t in a good place and they know it,” the insider dishes on the Biebers. 
“Loved ones are telling them things will get better,” the source adds, “but Hailey and Justin aren’t convinced.”
It’s possible that their relatives are right. But certainly Justin and Hailey should making things better before they have kids, rather than hope that becoming parents magically fixes things.
Apparently, Justin Bieber turning 30 had his biological clock (an expression; it is not a real thing) in overdrive with a desire to have kids.
“Justin’s been begging Hailey to make him a dad,” the insider claims.
According to the source, “It’s what he’s wanted for so long.”
Allegedly, Justin believes that Hailey has broken what he felt was a promise about their timeline to becoming parents.
“Hailey isn’t ready, there are still things she wants to do, and it’s frustrating for Justin,” the insider reports. “He wants to be a young dad.”
Notably, Hailey was in her early twenties when she and Justin married. Now, it likely still feels too soon. There are also other issues, including her and Justin’s health issues.
In early March, Hailey Bieber claimed that rumors about her marriage were untrue. She didn’t get too specific … and falsely implied that all “blind items” are fabricated.
Obviously, we don’t know with certainty whether Hailey and Justin Bieber are arguing about kids. Sources can be wrong, no matter how close they are to a couple. It’s possible that daddy dearest’s call to prayer was over a religious crisis or health woes or infidelity.
Hailey doesn’t like rumors and reports. That’s fair! But as a public figure married to an even more famous public figure, unfortunately, the only way for her to reduce these whispers is to directly tell fans what’s going on.
Kid Rock Wears Budweiser Cap With Drink In Hand In Wild Interview: Watch
Sacha Baron Cohen & Isla Fisher Split After 13 Year Marriage