by 
	Giovana Gelhoren

Entertainment Writer

	While Hailey Bieber has undoubtedly made a name for herself without her famous Baldwin family –or last name, for that matter– we’re often reminded that she’s got a famous dad, uncle, cousins, and so on. But, as revealed in a new interview, it seems the Baldwins have had even less of a hand in her career and life than we thought. 

	










	In a recent cover story of W Magazine, Bieber, who’s expecting her first baby with her husband Justin Bieber, got candid about her strained relationships in her family. “I’m not super close with my family at this point in my life because I feel like I’m very independent,” the Rhode founder said. “I’m my own individual now, and I’ve built my own family.”













	Related story



	
	
		
					Fans Have Serious Questions About Justin Bieber's Pal-Turned-Spiritual Guru As He Faces 'Cult' Accusations		
	










	With that said, it seems their distance isn’t a reflection of how she was raised. “I had a fairly normal childhood. Obviously, I come from the family that I come from, and I always recognized that that was different,” Bieber said. “But when I look back on my childhood and how I grew up, I have very fond, beautiful memories.”



	In the past few years, the Baldwin family has been involved in quite a fair share of drama. In February, Bieber’s older sister Alaia was arrested for simple assault, simple battery, battery and criminal trespassing. Most recently, her uncle Alec Baldwin had his years-long case dismissed after being charged with involuntary manslaughter for the 2021 death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins while working on Rust.

	With so much drama and scandal going on in their lives, it seems Bieber wanted to distance herself and tread her own path. 

	In 2022, she launched Rhode, her first skincare and makeup line. 

	“I knew that I wasn’t going to stay in the modeling world forever, and I always wanted to parlay that into something else,” Bieber said of her business. “For a while, I wasn’t sure what that was, until I started Rhode, and then I was like, ‘Oh, this is what I’m meant to be doing. This is where I feel confident and authentic.’ ”

	“I knew it was a really oversaturated space and everyone was tired of celebrity brands,” she said of the brand’s identity. “So I wanted to come in with a different point of view. The most important thing is the efficacy of the product, what’s inside the bottle. But not only that, I wanted it to feel chic. I wanted it to feel cool.”



	Since launching, Rhode has reached unprecedented success, both online and in sales. Looks like she’s doing just fine without the Baldwins!
Before you go, click here to see more celebrities from famous families.

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
The stories you care about, delivered daily.
SheKnows is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 SheMedia, LLC. All Rights Reserved.