By ZAC CAMPBELL 
 Published:  16:27, 1 March 2024   |  Updated:  16:29, 1 March 2024   
 46
View  comments
Justin Bieber fans have expressed their shock at the singer's real age, as he turned 30 on Friday. 
The pop sensation, who broke onto the scene in 2009 with hits including Baby and One Time, received a flurry of messages from fans on social media. 
Posting to X, formerly Twitter, a number of users voiced their disbelief at the fact that he had reached the milestone age having broken onto the pop scene so young.
Justin Bieber fans have expressed their shock at the singer's real age, as he turned 30 on Friday 
The pop sensation, who broke onto the scene in 2009 with hits including Baby and One Time, received a flurry of messages from fans on social media, (pictured in December 2009)
They wrote: 'HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the one and only PRINCE OF POP, my lifesaver, the one I admire the most THE JUSTIN BIEBER ; time flies my love turned 30. 
'Glad I grew up listening to him. I could write a book about him haha. Forever grateful. YOU'RE LOVED.'
'Happy Birthday @justinbieber. How are you 30?!?!?'
'Justin Bieber is really 30. I feel old as f***.'
'What do you mean Justin Bieber is 30 years old today?! - I feel so old'. 
'Bro, 30 already? How can it be? Last time I looked you were like 21'.
The reaction to Justin's age on his birthday comes as his wife Hailey's father, celebrity actor Stephen Baldwin, asked the public to pray for his daughter. 
Hailey is reportedly 'p****d' at her father's comments and has publicly ignored her father's call for prayers.
Sources close to the Vogue model told TMZ that she and Justin are going through a 'private' family matter at the moment.
Posting to X, formerly Twitter, a number of users voiced their disbelief at the fact that he had reached the age
Dad Stephen has been aware of the issue, and felt he needed to hint to the world there were problems.
It is not known if the trouble has to do with their relationship or health but the actor did share it had to do with 'marriage and faith.'
Stephen raised eyebrows when he reposted a video of Justin singing, which was shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx.
He captioned it: 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group