Follow us
After spending a healthy period away from his timepiece collection – the “juice cleanse” of horology – Justin Bieber is once again rocking his trusty Rolex Cosmograph Daytona. Having purchased the watch way back in 2013 at the ripe old age of 19, the Bieb has given it plenty of wrist time since then, but lately as a married man has been electing to go watch-free. Now, the solid-gold chronograph is back in all its COSC-certified glory, ready to convince budding collectors that yes, every serious watch collection needs a Daytona.
Don’t remember this particular watch? Allow us to jog your memory: Housed in a 40mm 18K yellow gold case, it features a champagne dial, diamond indices, and a matching gold Oyster bracelet. A reference 116508, it’s the timepiece watch that, in its green-dial iteration, has been nicknamed the “John Mayer” Daytona after the singer-songwriter waxed poetic about it on an episode of HODINKEE’s Talking Watches. Powered by the COSC-certified Rolex Caliber 4130, it’s got a power reserve of 72 hours, is water resistant to 100m, and will set you back about $50,000 on the secondary market.
A solid-gold Daytona is always a power play. Serious collectors have a tough time shying away from Rolex’s famous chronograph collection, and precious-metal models invariably command the room. A subtly diamond-adorned dial doesn’t hurt either, and is far less garish than the “rainbow”-bezel models that have become so popular of late. It’s also frankly endearing to see this particular watch make the rounds again: It was seemingly Justin Bieber’s first luxury watch purchase from back when he was still a teenager, and he’s still rocking it today.
That being said, the Grammy Award-winning singer has plenty of other prized pieces in his personal lineup, and seems to have – all alliteration aside – a particular proclivity for precious-metal Rolex, from a green “Stella”-dial Rolex Day-Date to a diamond-studded Day-Date II. (He’s also got an iced-out Patek Philippe Nautilus, a two-tone Cartier Santos, and a wide smattering of G-Shocks, and a fire Audemars Piguet Royal Oak that he bought to celebrate his wedding back in 2019.)
Are there other Daytonas in Bieber’s future? Collectors (and musicians in particular) from Mayer to Adam Levine seem to have a tough time owning just one. Or maybe each kid in the future Bieber brood will get his or her own chronograph? Time will tell.
Tyler, the Creator is no stranger to a great watch—especially a daintier, dressier watch. This week, he was spotted at the premiere of The Bear’s third season in LA wearing a vintage Cartier Obus. Released in 1929, the square Obus has a bit more in common, with respect to case shape, with the very first Tank than with the maison’s modern production. The version Tyler wore, which looks like a quartz-powered model from the '80s, features a solid-gold case with a large bezel featuring black Arabic indices and a railroad minute track. The dial, seemingly ultra simple, is actually champlavé enamel and features a set of simple, blued steel sword hands. A distinctive watch even by Cartier’s artful standards, it’s a watch that Tyler wore with aplomb.
What does one do to celebrate an NBA Championship if one happens to play for the Celtics? A duck boat parade, that’s what. Star power forward and noted watch collector Jayson Tatum wore a Richard Mille RM 67-02 for the celebratory occasion, which puts him firmly in the upper echelon of haute horlogerie adherents among the current crop of pro hoopers. The RM 67-02 – which’ll run you several hundred-thousands – is the lightest watch in RM’s high-tech collection, weighing in at just 32 grams. Fashioned from advanced TPT, Grade 5 titanium, elastic, and endless amounts of Swiss ingenuity, it's made to be used and abused by the world’s best athletes.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast