We may earn a commission if you buy something from any affiliate links on our site.
There is a tradition among the affianced, who, with newly glittering engagement rings, begin to see themselves as an Elizabeth Taylor or a Marilyn Monroe-type. Even the most timid of wallflowers will begin to gesticulate with broad sweeps of the hand and clink the bands of their rings against coffee mugs until someone, anyone, says: “Oh my gosh! Congratulations?” You will see a similar thing happen on social media, too, wherein the ring is always (always) in shot: boomeranging with champagne flutes, obscuring views of the countryside, and casually showing off a new manicure.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
That is how Hailey Beiber this week decided to debut her most recent engagement ring – a four-prong, oval-cut diamond designed by Lorraine Schwartz – alongside a fresh set of blossom-dotted nails on Instagram. The ring is estimated to have cost somewhere in the region of $1.5 million dollars and marks the beginning of a new chapter in her relationship with Justin. Earlier this month, the couple renewed their vows in Hawaii with Hailey using the obligatory photoshoot to announce that she was expecting her first child. “Little cherry blossoms on my nails, little cherry blossom in my belly,” she captioned the post.
The model’s original 18-carat Solow & Co engagement ring – which she received in 2018 on first becoming betrothed to Justin in the Bahamas – has been sidelined to her pinkie, while this new acquisition takes pride of place next to the diamond Tiffany & Co wedding band from the 2019 nuptials. In the celebscape – where vow renewals are as common as swift Las Vegas ceremonies – I would expect to see an accretion of diamond rings take up residence on Bieber’s hands in the coming decades. David Beckham has, after all, managed to procure around 15 engagement rings for Victoria Beckham throughout their 26 years of marriage.
Alighieri
Recycled Silver Signet Ring
Net-a-Porter
Paola Sighinolfi
Gold-Plated Ring
Matches
Ysso
Cordella Silver Ring
Net-a-Porter
Everything You Need To Know About The Met Gala 2025
Join The Vogue Newsletter For The Latest Fashion, Beauty And Street Style Trends Straight To Your Inbox
Read Billie Eilish’s May 2025 Cover Interview In Full
The Key Spring/Summer 2025 Trends To Know Now
Join British Vogue’s Met Gala Community Ahead Of Fashion’s Biggest Night. This link redirects to a third-party website.
More from Vogue
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast