By EVE BUCKLAND and JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:09, 18 December 2024   |  Updated:  22:14, 18 December 2024   
 19
View  comments
Hailey Bieber's dad Stephen Baldwin gave an adorable update on grandson Jack Blues this week amid his rift with his daughter.
Hailey, 28, welcomed first child Jack with husband Justin Bieber, 30, in August with Stephen, 58, waxing lyrical  about his first grandson.
He told People: '[It's] the best. Jack Blues is here. He's just a little muffin and he's eating like a pig and looking cuter than ever.'
Baldwin shares Hailey and eldest daughter Alaia, 31, with wife Kennya Baldwin.  He is also a grandfather to Iris, five. 
He also gave a family update to Entertainment Tonight saying: 'My daughters are both married and they both have kids and apparently they're doing kind of well.
'There's not too much when your kids get old enough and they've gotten married and you've gotta vibe cool with them, do you know what I mean? "There's only so much where you can be like as a grandparent 'Hey, I think you should change your philosophy over here...' [I don't do that] too much.
Hailey Bieber's dad Stephen Baldwin gave an adorable update on grandson Jack Blues this week amid his rift with his daughter - Hailey pictured with Jack and husband Justin Bieber
He told People : '[It's] the best. Jack Blues is here. He's just a little muffin and he's eating like a pig and looking cuter than ever'
'The most fun for me is just being able to kick back, respect what everyone is doing and not stress about it. My first daughter Alaia and my granddaughter Iris, who's almost five now, I'm seeing them a lot on the Strip. But sometimes you just can't help it!
The Special Forces contestant said he is particularly looking forward to how his grandson turns out given that he is the product of a pop star and a model/businesswoman.
He added: 'Especially with Jack Blues, considering who the mom and the dad are, this kid is gonna be cute and creative so I am looking forward to it.'
Sources told DailyMail.com in October that the new mom was initially choosing to keep her parents away from her newborn amid their 'eroding' family dynamic.
However, it appears the baby boy has helped heal the family rift and in a telling sign of unity, Hailey, Justin and baby Jack will spend Christmas with Stephen.
'We're getting ready for Christmas with Baby Jack Blues,' the proud granddad revealed in an interview with Too Fab this week.
He added, 'We're excited. And he's grown like a weed. Actually, he looks like a little plump potato. He's so cute. I can't stand it.'  
In August, Hailey and Justin welcomed their first child and  Stephen gushed with pride about the newborn describing him as ‘incredibly cute’.
Sources told DailyMail.com in October that the new mom was initially choosing to keep her parents away from her newborn amid their 'eroding' family dynamic - pictured together 2011
Hailey, 28, welcomed first child Jack with husband Justin Bieber, 30, in August
He thinks it is only a matter of time until the couple take little Jack out publicly soon.
Asked about the new parents, who got married in 2018 after a whirlwind romance, Stephen said that new parenthood has been ‘very relaxed’ for the couple.
He added: ‘They're just spending really sweet, private quality time with Jack and we're just getting ready to watch him come out on the world here, come out on the scene.’
He also offered his babysitting services: ‘Sometimes grandpa can clean up. You know what I'm saying?'
Stephen opened up too about his pride in seeing the singer make his mental welfare and family a priority over his career.
Hailey allegedly choosing to keep her parents away from her baby son Jack amid her ongoing tensions with the pair, according to sources who say she has long clashed with Stephen and Kennya Baldwin over religious and political beliefs.
Though her father celebrated the birth of his grandson with a post on Instagram, which Hailey did not like from her own account, the model's mother raised eyebrows after choosing not to mark the moment on her own social media feed.
It highlights Hailey's strained relationship with her parents, which reportedly started to 'break down' further when the beauty mogul fell pregnant.
Baldwin took to X last week to quote a bible verse 
'Hailey’s relationship with her family has been eroding for some time now,' a source told DailyMail.com exclusively. 'She was closer with her mom, but that started to break down when she fell pregnant because she didn’t want to tell her family for months.'
The insider explained that the situation that ultimately pushed Hailey over the edge was when her father shared a post asking fans to pray for Hailey and Justin, something which sparked concern for the couple.
He reposted a video of Justin singing, which was shared by All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx and captioned: 'Christians please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection, and draw close to the Lord.'
'Hailey had a blowout with her family when her dad asked for prayers for Hailey and Justin, and she told him that she did not want him meddling in her life,' the source said.
'Stephen told Hailey that she wouldn’t even know Justin if it were not for him making the introduction. Hailey was not happy about this at all.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group