Justin Bieber's mum was integral to her son's success after giving birth to him aged just 18.
Pattie Mallette was sent to a home for teenage mothers prior to the star's arrival after a tough childhood in which she claims she was abused as a child by a male babysitter and a friend's grandfather. After abusing drugs and alcohol as a teenager, she raised Justin in social housing and worked multiple jobs to support them.
When the Love Me star, now 30, began to show an interest in singing, Pattie accompanied him on his first trip to Atlanta to meet talent manager, Scooter Braun. She also uploaded videos of Justin singing cover versions of famous songs to YouTube, where his talent was first spotted.
However, a year after being signed to Island Records, the child star, then aged 15, spent a now fabled 48-hours with P. Diddy seemingly unsupervised at the rapper's home, where they went "full buck crazy".
Sean 'Diddy' Combs has now been charged with sex trafficking and racketeering offences, which he denies, with more than 120 alleged victims already coming forward.
Since his arrest and subsequent imprisonment at the Brooklyn Detention Center, the rapper's relationships with protégées Usher and Justin has coming under fresh scrutiny in the wake of the allegations.
Justin, who is now a dad himself to son Jack Blues, who he shares with wife Hailey, is said to feel "disgusted" by the allegations against Diddy and wants "nothing to do with" him.
Since the rapper's arrest, some have questioned why Patty left her son in the temporary care of the Bad Boy star, who told Justin in a resurfaced Jimmy Kimmel interview not to talk about what he gets up to with "big brother Puff".
Sources close to Justin exclusively told the Daily Mail that the singer "should never have been allowed to party with Diddy or anyone else when he was a teen".
They claim he was "thrown to the wolves" by his mother and father Jeremy Bieber, who split with Pattie a few months after Justin's birth. However, there is no evidence to suggest Justin's parents knew about Diddy's alleged criminal activity at the time.
Abused as a child from the age of five by a male babysitter and a friend's grandfather, Pattie recalled how she became so accustomed to being violated "that it began to feel normal".
In her memoir Nowhere But Up: The Story of Justin Bieber's Mom, published in 2012, she claimed she was first molested at the age of three, continuing until she was 14.
In the book she wrote: 'I was sexually violated so many times that as the years went by it began to feel normal. It's a strange marriage – knowing something is wrong yet at the same time finding it familiar and commonplace."
As a teenager, she turned to drugs and alcohol and supported herself by selling marijuana and cigarettes. "I started drinking alcohol and smoking pot when I was fourteen. There were more parties than I knew what to do with, and every one of them featured some type of mind-numbing substance," she wrote in her memoir.
She continued: "Getting drunk and high for fun turned into a means of self-medicating. I couldn’t get through a class at school or a holiday function with my family without being stoned or drunk. By the time I was sixteen, I couldn’t function at all without numbing myself in some way."
The Mirror has contacted reps for Justin for comment on this story.
WHATSAPP GROUP: Be first to get the juiciest celebrity news to your phone by joining our Celebs WhatsApp here. We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
NEWSLETTER: Or sign up to the Mirror's Celebs newsletter here for all the biggest showbiz scandals, tell-all interviews and exclusive pictures straight to your inbox.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.