By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:46, 24 August 2024   |  Updated:  14:48, 25 August 2024   
 2
View  comments
Justin Bieber's mother Pattie Mallette is over the moon about the birth of her grandson, Jack Blues.
The Peaches singer, 30, and his wife Hailey Bieber, 27, announced the birth of their first child on Friday and the Canadian singer marked the occasion by sharing a photo of his son's foot on Instagram.
His mom, 49, shared that photo on her Instagram Story and her excitement was palpable in her caption. 
'OH MY HEART,' Mallette wrote in all caps. 'WELCOME BABY JACK!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!
'THANK THE LORD WHAT A MIRACLE!,' she wrote over the photo.
Justin Bieber 's mother Pattie Mallette is over the moon about his son, her grandson, Jack Blues
Pattie's excitement is understandable as Justin is her only child so this is her first grandchild. 
She also shared her joy on X (formerly Twitter) writing, 'CONGRATULATIONS @justinbieber & Hailey," she wrote. "I LOVE YOU FOREVER BABY JACK!!'
When Justin originally shared the photo, he captioned it: 'Welcome Home Jack Blues Bieber,' and added a bear emoji.
Hailey reposted the photo to her Instagram Stories shortly after Justin's initial post.
She captioned it with a teddy bear emoji and a blue heart, writing, 'Jack Blues.'
The name 'Jack' appears to have personal significance for the lovebirds, as it is the middle name of Justin's father Jeremy Bieber.
Jeremy split from Justin's mother Pattie shortly after his birth in Ontario, Canada, when both were just 18.
The hitmaker initially saw little of his father as a child, but the two reconnected and have spent significantly more time together since Justin became an adult, solidifying their father–son relationship.
Pattie also shared her excitement on X (formerly Twitter)
Justin was the first to break the news, sharing a photo of the baby's foot with Hailey's hand on it
Justin is Pattie's only child and she is over the moon about her first grandchild
Justin and Hailey announced they were expecting in May 2024
Justin's dad also shared the news in his own way on Twitter. He wrote a post that simply said 'Papa.'
Hailey's dad Stephen Baldwin shared Pattie's post and captioned it: 'Amen, Congratulations to you and may God continue to bless our family.'
The longtime couple announced they were expecting a baby on Instagram in May. Hailey was six months pregnant at the time.
The two got married in September 2018 in a New York City courthouse and had a larger ceremony on a plantation in South Carolina in 2019. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group