By ALESIA FIDDLER 
 Published:  20:55, 16 April 2024   |  Updated:  00:20, 17 April 2024   
 9
View  comments
A coroner has apologised to the heartbroken family of a JLS dancer after an inquest failed to provide answers over his death.
Jack Pointer Mackenzie, 35, was found dead at his home in Brent, London, on September 5 last year.
During an inquest at Barnet Coroner's Court today, coroner Tony Murphy explained that the medical and evidential cause of death remained unclear after investigations and apologised to the family for the uncertainty. 
The inquest heard that Jack, who was born in Paddington, struggled with depression and was 'known by his family to have issues with alcohol'.
He was last seen by his mother on August 31 and was found at his home during a well-being check requested by his family on September 5.
Mr Murphy confirmed the circumstances around the death were not suspicious. He also said investigations had been unable to determine the exact date and time of death.
Jack Pointer Mackenzie (pictured), 35, was found dead at his home in Brent, London , on September 5 last year
He was a dancer with boy band JLS (pictured) and also worked with Camilla Cabello, Justin Bieber and Hozier
He told Mary and Jack's father, Bren Pointer: 'The evidence that I have available does not allow me to conclude either way.
'I am unable to arrive at anything but an open conclusion. I am very sorry we do not have more answers for you.'
Jack's mother Mary Mackenzie said: 'Jack was a professional dancer that danced with everybody.
'He was with JLS for about nine years. He taught at Pineapple (Dance Studios).
'He was marvellous but he was sad. He sometimes became paralysed with life. It's important to remember him as he was, not what he became.'
More than 300 people from the across the world attended Jack's funeral, his parents confirmed.
Mary added: 'They came from Spain, Italy, America. He was well-loved.'
Aston Merrygold's tribute to the 'original JLS member' in an Instagram post last year
Base Dance Studios, which is owned by JLS singer Aston Merrygold, posted a picture of Jack on social media last year, accompanied with the caption: 'A unique gift, who shall be sorely missed. Thank you for sharing your talent with us.'
Aston shared the post on his own Instagram page and added: 'RIP Captain. Original JLS member.'
Jack's other high profile former clients and colleagues include Camilla Cabello, Justin Bieber and Hozier.
For support, call CALM on 0800 58 58 58, visit https://www.thecalmzone.net/ or visit https://www.thecalmzone.net/get-support 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group