Justin Bieber has broken down in tears in a new social media post without his wife Hailey Bieber, with fans now speculating and fearing the worst.
Taking to Instagram, Justin, 30, shared a slew of snaps in a carousel post on the photo-sharing platform. And in one of the offerings, the Baby hitmaker could be seen getting emotional.
Sharing 10 recent snaps as part of a photo dump, Justin gave fans a glimpse into his daily life. But midway through the selection of photos, Justin caught fans off-guard with two photos that saw tears streaming down his face.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Justin Bieber looks downcast with rugged facial hair after loved-up Coachella display with Hailey
The front-facing camera was very close up, with the tears incredibly visible. Justin's high emotions were also apparent.
Fans were quick to spot how his wife, Hailey, 27, wasn't included in his post. Although she did leave a comment under it, with her making a joke that her husband is a "pretty crier".
In the comment section, fans were quick to pick up on the crying snaps and Hailey's comment. One person said: "Are you okay bro?" while another speculated: "Is that a sign?" which seemingly referenced the recent split rumours that have plagued the pair.
"I think he and Hailey might be in a bit of a crisis," someone else said, while another penned: "Justin, what happened? Why are you crying?"
The couple sparked divorce rumours recently after Hailey's shared a now-expired post on his Instagram stories where he begged for prayers for the model and singer. The post was originally posted by Victor Marx and was a video of Justin playing a guitar and singing a Christian song called I Will Sing of Your Love Forever.
Victor captioned the video: "Christians, please when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw them closer to the Lord." The cryptic post had the people wondering if things weren't going well in their marriage at the time.
Back in March, divorce rumours were going wild on social media, with this forcing Hailey to take to her Instagram to clear up any speculation of a possible split. "Just FYI, the stories and constant 'blind items' I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong," she penned at the time.
She went on to add that the claims are "made out of thin air" and "come from the land of delusion". Hailey then said that it "may be fun feeding into these stories," but urged "they're always false."
Following Justin's high-profile romance with Selena Gomez, the popstar married Hailey, formerly Baldwin, in 2018 after a whirlwind engagement. The couple got hitched on September 13, 2019 and obtained their marriage license at a New York City courthouse.
The couple were seemingly smitten just the other weekend when they attended Coachella together in LA. The couple were seen gazing at one another while singers performed on-stage, with them even cuddling up to each other.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.