Hailey Bieber attends the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures 3rd Annual Gala Presented by Rolex at Academy Museum of Motion Pictures on December 03, 2023 in Los Angeles, California.
Hailey Bieber is tired of the rumors surrounding her and Justin Bieber's marriage. The Rhode Beauty founder is putting the speculation to rest on social media. Writing to her Instagram Stories this week, Hailey, 27, told her 51 million followers: "Just FYI, the stories and constant ‘blind items’ I see on TikTok are 100% of the time wrong," she wrote in a statement, not addressing a specific narrative. "Made out of thin air… Come from the land of delusion… So I know it may be fun feeding into these stories but just know they're always false xx sorry to spoil it."
Recently, rumors have been circulating online that she and Bieber have marital problems. The rumors were only fueled by her father, The Usual Suspects actor Stephen Baldwin, who shared a message last week from All Things Possible Ministries founder Victor Marx. In a since-deleted post, Marx wrote over a video of Bieber singing a Hillsong worship song: "Christians, please, when you think of Justin & Hailey, take a moment to offer a little prayer for them to have wisdom, protection and to draw close to the Lord." Marx added, “They often face spiritual warfare that intense and seeks to ship-wreck their faith, marriage, and life in general.”
Amid the speculation, Hailey still posted for her husband's 30th birthday on March 1st. She wrote in her Instagram caption: "Words could never truly describe the beauty of who you are. Happy Birthday to you… love of my life, for life." The post received more than four million likes. Despite the praise of the couple's relationship, there was still a lot of hate in the comments section.
(Photo by Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images)
The devout Christian couple married in 2018 after an off-and-on relationship. They had a New York City courthouse wedding followed by a larger ceremony in South Carolina in 2019. The Biebers credit their faith for getting them through their “tough” first year of marriage.

A post shared by

This isn't the first time Hailey has had to shut down rumors. Just last year, she slammed the "vile, disgusting hatred" about her and Justin's ex, Selena Gomez. As we reported two years ago, Gomez's fanbase was coming at Hailey, claiming that the model "stole" Bieber from Gomez. Keep scrolling below to see how that played out:
In her most intimate interview yet, Hailey Bieber addressed rumors of Selena Gomez's relationship with Justin Bieber having an overlap with hers and the backlash from those rumors that follow her to this day after being married to him for four years.
The model, 25, said of her critics, "A lot of the hate and the perpetuation comes from like, 'Oh, you stole [Justin].' And I guess maybe that just comes from the fact that they wished he had ended up with somebody else. And that's fine. You can wish that all you want but that's just not the case."
She went on to clarify that when she and the "Sorry" singer first started to hook up, "He was not ever in a relationship ever, at any point. It's not my character to mess with someone's relationship. I would just never do that. I was raised better than that."
She added, "I'm not interested in doing that and I never was. I think that there are situations where you can still kind of have back and forth with someone but even that was not the situation. I can say period, point blank I was never with him when he was in a relationship with anybody. That's the end of it. And I had been involved with him since I was 18."
She continued, "The timeline also that I think sometimes is in question is of us getting together and getting engaged and him having been spending time with his ex before that...this is so crazy. I've literally never talked about this ever... I understand how it looks from the outside and there's a lot of perception there. But that was a situation where I know for a fact that it was the right thing for them to close that door, they were not in a relationship at that time. But, of course, there's a very long history there and it's not my relationship, it has nothing to do with me, so I respect that a lot, but I know that it closed a chapter, and I think it was the best thing that could've happened for him to move on and be engaged and get married and move on with his life in that way."
The couple got engaged in 2018 when Hailey was 21 and Justin was 24. Hailey never thought she would be married that young. "I think the timing was obviously very rapid and very fast, which now, being four years past that, looking back on it, I totally get it. I'm like, 'Yeah, that seemed really drastic and really crazy.' But that was what we felt was a decision between the two of us and it felt correct for the two of us at the time and clearly we were right because here we are four years later. And I think just given the timeline of where he was at before we got back together and what was going on... there was just a lot happening."
She added, "But I will say too, the only people that really know the truth of the situation and what the timeline really was and how it happened and how it went down are like me and him. Perception is a really tricky thing because when you're watching something from the outside, you can see it one way when it may not really be the reality of what happened behind closed doors."
At last year's Met Gala, it looked as though Hailey was crying after hearing the crowd chanting "Selena." The Rhodes skincare founder said, "Oh, when people were screaming? So, yes, I could hear everyone screaming and I think there's a certain part of you that has a numbness of just like, I was really surprised. I could kind of hear it, but I didn't know if that's what was really going on until I saw the video after. The whole thing of everybody being like, 'Oh he's trying to tell her not to cry.' That was not true, it wasn't making me cry. Although, it's a very disrespectful thing to do towards anybody. I felt like I had something in my eye. See, that's what goes to show you how out of context things can be seen."
As for how she responds to trolls in her comments, Hailey went on to explain, "You just reach a point where you have to just ignore it and be like, 'OK.'" Hailey addressed Selena Gomez's fans directly during the interview saying, "The first thing I would say is you're not obligated to like me. But I believe that no matter what, there can always be mutual respect between people. And to me, that means just that you don't have to say anything. You don't have to like me, but you don't have to say anything either because behind this person that you're looking at on a screen is a person with a brain and a heart and emotions and issues that I face and so do you...I think just mutual respect and decency and know that what you say can have impact and know that."
See what Twitter had to say about Hailey's interview below:
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!