By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS 
 Published:  16:34, 13 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:52, 13 February 2024   
 26
View  comments
Kendall Jenner proved she and her ex-boyfriend Devin Booker are still on good terms while reuniting at the 2024 Super Bowl on Sunday, just over a year after their split. 
While the pair called it quits in late 2022, following a two year on-off romance, the Phoenix Suns star, 27, still scored an invite to the 28-year-old supermodel's $1million VIP suite, alongside longtime pal Hailey Bieber, her husband Justin and sisters Kim and Khloe Kardashian. 
Although the former couple did not sit next to each other, and seemed to keep their distance at the very public event, an eagle-eyed fan noticed him in the background of a picture posted by Michael Rubin's 16-year-old daughter.
In the image, which shows Rubin's teenager, Kylie, resting her head on socialite Will Makris' shoulder, the basketball player could be seen trying to keep a low radar as he had a bite to eat. 
Kendall Jenner proved she and her ex-boyfriend Devin Booker are still on good terms while reuniting at the 2024 Super Bowl on Sunday, just over a year after their split; seen in 2022
Although the former couple did not sit next to each other, and seemed to keep their distance at the very public event, an eagle-eyed fan noticed him in the background of a picture posted by Michael Rubin's 16-year-old daughter
For the event, he wore a black beanie and striped red and beige shirt. 
Meanwhile, Jenner looked stylish in a plain white t-shirt, a delicate pair of earrings and black shades perched on top of her head. 
Following their split, a source told People that they parted ways amicably and had 'love and respect for one another, but have decided to focus on their demanding careers.' 
'Both have incredibly busy schedules right now with their careers and they've decided to make that a priority,' the insider noted. 'They have a lot of love and respect for each other and wish only the best.'
At the time, the source added the decision to split was mutual and the exes do plan to stay in touch. 
Jenner's other ex, Bad Bunny, also attended the Super Bowl LVIII, but did not watch from the KarJenner suite.
The Puerto Rican rapper, 29, was spotted in a different private suite with Lizzo, her crew and Tim Cook.
While Jenner's encounter with Booker may indicate they've remained friendly over the years, she does have a habit of hanging out with her exes.
While the pair called it quits in late 2022, following a two year on-off romance , the Phoenix Suns star, 27, still scored an invite to the 28-year-old supermodel's VIP suite, alongside longtime pal Hailey Bieber, her husband Justin and sisters Kim and Khloe Kardashian; Jenner (L) pictured next to Hailey Bieber 
Jenner's other ex, Bad Bunny, also attended the Super Bowl LVIII, but did not watch from the KarJenner suite
Following their split, a source told People that they parted ways amicably and had 'love and respect for one another, but have decided to focus on their demanding careers' (seen in 2022)
Most recently, she rang in New Year's Eve with Bad Bunny, just months after ending their relationship. 
Kendall and Devin had split earlier this year in June, but quickly rekindled their relationship in August. 
The duo were first linked and seen together in May 2018, but at the time, the two were seeing other people and were just on friendly terms. 
However, two years later, the pair started seeing each other on a romantic level, but weren't too serious. 
Over their relationship, they attended a handful of events together, including the US Open Men's Finals tennis match and her sister Kourtney Kardashian's wedding. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group