Sign up for the Slatest to get the most insightful analysis, criticism, and advice out there, delivered to your inbox daily.
As recently as a few days ago, this summer’s controversy surrounding the movie It Ends With Us seemed mostly in the rearview mirror, destined to live on as little more than another item on one of those pop culture retrospective lists. Then Blake Lively did something that dredged the whole thing up and majorly recontextualized what we thought we knew—about not just this episode, but the entire Hollywood promotional complex as a whole. It doesn’t end with us, apparently.
On Friday, Lively, who starred in the film, filed a legal complaint against director Justin Baldoni, producer Jamey Heath, and others associated with the movie, accusing them of sexual harassment and a coordinated effort to damage her reputation. The New York Times followed up Saturday with a big story about the filing, which was co-written by Megan Twohey, one of the reporters best known for her work investigating Harvey Weinstein and other bad actors of the #MeToo movement.
According to the complaint, Baldoni and Heath—who is also the CEO of Wayfarer, the studio they co-founded together—behaved inappropriately on set during the movie’s initial shoot, which was interrupted by last year’s writers strike. Lively accused Baldoni of unwanted kissing during their scenes together and of discussing his sex life in her presence, and Heath of showing her a video of his wife naked, among other offenses. (The more complete list of accusations is part of the legal complaint and is worth reading in full.) Per the Times, Lively was willing to move forward and continue shooting the film after the strike ended, but only if the studio agreed to a list of safeguards she presented at a meeting in January 2024. One of them was a promise not to retaliate against Lively for speaking out. Baldoni and Heath agreed to the conditions, and things improved enough to finish shooting. But as the film’s August release date approached, Baldoni and Co. seemingly got nervous that what had happened on set would get out and reflect badly on them. Some of the cast also unfollowed Baldoni on social media and indicated that they did not want to make press appearances with him, according to the story. So Baldoni and Heath hired a publicist, Melissa Nathan, in an apparent attempt to influence the narrative. Nathan had previously worked for Johnny Depp during his defamation case against Amber Heard. Depp won, but there’s been much speculation that his team employed some pretty dark tactics along the way, especially regarding online efforts to negatively affect Heard’s image.
Then, around the time It Ends With Us premiered, online observers began noticing some strange things about how the cast was interacting—most notably that Lively and Baldoni seemed to be avoiding each other at the movie’s premiere. A wave of articles trying to puzzle out exactly what was going on followed. The conversation evolved from there and seemed to settle on how Lively was the real villain, what with her attempts to promote her own products alongside the movie and her seemingly flippant discussion of its darker themes.
Now it appears that this wasn’t an organic development, or at least not entirely: As text messages included as evidence in Lively’s complaint suggest, Nathan and others were allegedly pulling strings behind the scenes, attempting to nudge the discourse away from the nebulous-seeming conflict with the cast and toward Lively’s supposedly long history of public missteps. According to the complaint, Baldoni also shifted his public relations strategy to lean into an anti-Lively narrative. Though the cast had agreed to focus on the lighter elements of the movie during promotion, when Lively began to receive criticism for not addressing the film’s themes of domestic violence with enough gravitas, Baldoni allegedly pivoted his messaging to focus more on domestic violence, making Lively seem that much more insensitive. TikTok, along with other online platforms, boiled over with amateur celebrity analysts offering critiques of this and Lively’s other so-called blunders.
Though the movie was a hit, all of this had a real effect on Lively’s reputation, which she attempted to quantify by engaging a brand marketing firm to produce a report for her. That report, by a company called Terakeet, “concluded she had likely been the object of a ‘targeted, multichannel online attack’ similar to one against Ms. Heard,” according to the Times.
What exactly Nathan and the other publicists may have done to influence online chatter is unclear, but the text messages included in the complaint could certainly be interpreted as enthusiastic scheming by people intent on ruining Lively’s career. The group exchanged specific social media posts, celebrated the ones that fit its narrative, and strategized about how to minimize the ones that hurt it. In one exchange, a team member allegedly identified a potentially anti-Baldoni TikTok as “dangerous,” and it was “flagged” for “more serious action on the social side.” That appears to have been part of the strategy: According to text messages referenced in the complaint and reported by the Times, Baldoni and a publicist he was working with told Nathan that he wanted to feel as if Lively could be “buried.”
“You know we can bury anyone,” Nathan responded.
In a separate exchange with Jennifer Abel, another public relations executive involved in the campaign, Nathan appeared to revel in the growing backlash against Lively. “And socials are really really ramping up,” she wrote. “In his favour, she must be furious.” Then, on Aug. 4, Abel texted Nathan that she was having “reckless thoughts of wanting to plant pieces this week of how horrible Blake is to work with.” Following the subsequent flurry of negative press about Lively, Nathan texted Abel, “ALL Press is so overwhelming. Weve confused people. So much mixed messaging. It’s actually really funny if you think about it.” So far, Baldoni’s lawyer has denied that he or the studio did anything to tarnish Lively’s image.
If this makes you question whether you can believe anything you read on the internet, that’s the right reaction to have. Revisiting some of the coverage from the summer is a humbling experience. A lot of people seemed all too happy to board the hate train and run with the narrative that Lively was a problem. (I’ve already been pleased to see some users on Reddit and other social media platforms apologizing and admitting they got it wrong.) I feel duped too! Here we thought we were sophisticated media consumers, but it turns out no one is immune from being manipulated. I revisited the piece I wrote about this earlier this year, and I’m glad I tried to defend Lively in it, arguing that the internet’s gleeful takedown of her seemed disproportionate to whatever minor crimes she had been guilty of in the press tour surrounding It Ends With Us. But I admit it didn’t even cross my mind that the attacks might be anything other than organic. To be fair, as the Times pointed out, “it is impossible to know how much of the negative publicity was seeded by Ms. Nathan, Mr. Wallace and their team, and how much they noticed and amplified.” Or, as Nathan put it in one message, “it’s actually sad because it just shows you have people really want to hate on women.” I suspect that this plausible deniability will figure strongly in their efforts to fight back against these charges. (If you want to read some coverage that got everything more or less right at the time, by the way, LaineyGossip was incredibly prescient about this whole situation.)
One of the most fascinating things about this story is the way it pulls back the curtain on how social media can be used to tinker with public opinion. For one thing, publicists seem to discuss posts on social media just as seriously as they do coverage in publications like the Hollywood Reporter and the Daily Mail, and they might not be wrong to. In the Times article, Baldoni appears to text the publicity team a fairly run-of-the-mill-seeming Twitter thread of supposed examples of Hailey Bieber being a bully that for some reason had millions of views, pointing to it as the kind of thing the group needs to do. It’s hard to believe that a rando’s Twitter thread is being referenced this way, as some kind of sophisticated media maneuver—anyone can post those! But he’s also not wrong: Any rando’s Twitter thread can be weirdly influential if seen by the right people, and it can shape the narrative in ways we don’t realize. I’ve understood this on some level for a while now, but it’s pretty remarkable to see it proved, and it’s something we all need to keep in mind going forward. It’s not just that we have to be better about rooting out inauthentic posts written with an agenda (which would be impossible for the average person). It’s that we should recognize that even real posts are just one person’s opinion and possibly not worth magnifying to the degree that we do.
This also applies to even smaller happenings on social media, like who is following who. One of the things that allegedly prompted Baldoni to retain a special publicity team in the first place is that he noticed that Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively’s husband, had blocked him on social media during postproduction of the movie. I’ve long been dismissive of headlines about which stars follow and unfollow one another on social media. It felt meaningless, and I was sure only the most attention-addicted reality TV stars did things like vindictively unfollow people when they’re mad at them. Nope: Turns out major stars do it too. They probably should reconsider that behavior, given how easy it is to detect and how much drama it can clearly cause, but it turns out that where there’s smoke, there’s sometimes fire. The same is true for the endless TikToks remarking upon which stars aren’t doing promotional appearances with other stars. (This of course happened with the cast of It Ends With Us but has played out with other projects too.) I had thought observers were reading into nothing, but they’ve been vindicated that such things can be a tell of some kind of conflict. Does this mean that stars will be under more scrutiny than ever in future press tours, as fans eagerly search for signs of tension in every microgesture? I think it might.
As for Lively herself, she too has been vindicated in the court of public opinion. But I’m not sure she’s coming out of this scandal scot-free. People can’t unsee the videos of her being rude, and they likely can’t easily unslot her from the “difficult” box they may have put her in in their heads. Well, they should try to. That so many were so willing to hate on Lively speaks to the reality that there were some pretty big fissures in her public image before all this, but in this case, that means only that she’s an imperfect victim—exactly the sort of person everyone is always going on about extending more grace to. So what if she was kind of annoying? She was also allegedly a victim of sexual harassment and retaliation, and the first thing has no bearing on the second. She deserves credit, too, for exposing all of this. That Blake Lively always wins is a big part of what people don’t like about her, but we’re just going to have to accept that in this case, Blake Lively has won again.
Slate is published by The Slate
          Group, a Graham Holdings Company.
All contents ©
        2025
        The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved.