By JAMES VITUSCKA AND RUSS WEAKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:01, 12 December 2024   |  Updated:  15:05, 13 December 2024   
 188
View  comments
Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco are bathing in the love after announcing their engagement – but the smitten couple have been celebrating the milestone moment for months.
The former Disney star, 32, broke the news on Instagram on Wednesday, flashing her huge rock in a slew of sweet pictures with her husband-to-be.
But Blanco, 36, actually popped the question in August, with the pair deciding to refrain from going public over fears it would be ‘tied’ to her ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber becoming a first-time father.
‘They became engaged in August and Selena didn't want her engagement to be tied to Bieber in any way,’ an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively. ‘They knew it would.’
Gomez and Bieber dated on and off for years before he met and married Hailey Bieber.
The pair welcomed their first child, son Jack, on August 22.
Selena Gomez shocked fans on Wednesday night by revealing she is now engaged to her boyfriend Benny Blanco after a year and a half of dating
But Blanco, 36, popped the question in August, with the pair deciding to refrain from going public over fears it would be ‘tied’ to Gomez's ex-boyfriend Justin Bieber becoming a father
‘Selena knew that there would be stories accusing her of getting engaged to turn attention away from Justin’s baby, or that people would claim that she did this to one up him,’ the insider continued.
Gomez wrote 'forever begins now..' as she announced her engagement to her 422million followers on Wednesday.
She also posted a photo of herself wrapped in Blanco’s arms as she flashed the marquise diamond ring for the camera.
Blanco – a famed music producer – seemingly popped the question during a romantic picnic with food from Taco Bell.
Rare Beauty founder Gomez also shared a video of the moment she broke the happy news to a loved one.
‘I said yes to this,’ she says as she flashes the rock.
The actress and singer can be seen laughing as the woman on the video call screams and declares: ‘Oh my God it's so beautiful.’
The couple received an outpouring of congratulatory messages from their celebrity friends, with Taylor Swift offering to be a ‘flower girl’ at the wedding.
The singer, 32, revealed the news on Instagram on Wednesday, sharing the first photos of her massive diamond engagement ring with her 422million followers
The couple first sparked engagement speculation in August when eagle-eyed fans noticed Gomez had uploaded a selfie with her left wedding finger obscured by a pink heart emoji 
Jennifer Aniston, Gwyneth Paltrow and Cardi B also shared their love.
Blanco himself left a cheeky comment in which he referred to Gomez as his 'wife.'
'hey wait… that’s my wife,' wrote the musician, who earned nearly 150,000 'likes.'
But Gordon Ramsay’s response proved divisive, with some accusing the British chef of mocking Blanco’s appearance and suggesting Gomez is only with him for his culinary skills.
‘Congratulations to you both it must be the cooking,’ he wrote alongside a string of red love hearts.
They first sparked engagement rumors back in August after she shared a selfie with a heart emoji strategically placed over her wedding finger. 
Gomez and Blanco had known each other for more than a decade by the time they started dating in June 2023. They went public that December, with the Wolves singer describing him as her 'absolute everything' on Instagram.
Blanco produced her 2015 songs Same Old Love and Kill ’Em With Kindness, along with her 2017 collaboration with Cashmere Cat, Trust Nobody. They also collaborated on 2019 single I Can’t Get Enough with J Balvin and Tainy.
‘Selena knew there would be stories accusing her of getting engaged to turn attention away from Justin’s baby,’ an insider told DailyMail.com (pictured with Bieber in 2011)
Blanco and Gomez received an outpouring of congratulatory messages from their celebrity friends, with Taylor Swift offering to be a ‘flower girl’ at the wedding
In August 2023 she released her track Single Soon, which Blanco produced.
Speaking to Sirius XM while promoting the track she discussed her non negotiables for a partner.
‘I mean you gotta be cool, man,’ she said. ‘Not cool in the sense that people think you’re cool. You just gotta be nice and like, please make me laugh and also just be good to my family and people around you.’
Last month, Blanco revealed that it was Gomez who made the first move.
'She asked me out,' he explained on Kai Cenat's Twitch stream. 'It was crazy, it was crazy. She literally asked me... like we were just talking, and then she said, "You wanna get dinner?" And I went to the dinner, and I had no idea.'
Blanco claimed he wasn't 'nervous' because he already knew Gomez on a personal and professional level.
Gomez has dated a string of high profile celebrities including The Weeknd, Nick Jonas, Taylor Lautner, Zayn Malik and The Chainsmokers' Andrew Taggart.
In a recent interview with The Hollywood Reporter she said Blanco has made her feel the 'safest.'
Gomez and Blanco had known each other for more than a decade by the time they started dating in June 2023. They went public that December
'This is the safest I've ever felt in [a relationship], and I see a future with this person,' she told the outlet.
A source told DailyMail.com that Gomez is ready to get married to Blanco and start a family. 
'Benny is more than a rock to Selena,' they said. 'He embraces everything about her, doesn't judge, and tries to find the answer to any concerns. She knows that he will be the best father because of the way he takes care of her.
'Selena knows that he will be a part of her life forever.'
In September, Gomez revealed that she is unable to carry a child due to her ongoing medical issues which could risk both her life and her unborn child.
She told Vanity Fair she would be open to surrogacy or adoption. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group