By AMELIA WYNNE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:13, 30 December 2024   |  Updated:  13:54, 31 December 2024   
 17
View  comments
Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright announced their exciting pregnancy news on Sunday night with a stunning sunset beach shot.
The former TOWIE star and actress, both 37, will welcome their first child together in 2025 and the snap they posted showed them during a winter break to Majorca earlier this year as Michelle showed off off her blossoming baby bump. 
The image they chose to share the news with showed Michelle in a sweeping white outfit which draws comparisons with the shot Justin and Hailey Bieber posted to announce they were expecting their first child back in May. 
In their post, Hailey, 28, wore a long white lace Saint Laurent gown and veil as they combined the announcement with a vow renewal in Hawaii.
The angle and set up of their pictures were also similar as Justin and Mark both stood with their back to the shot to keep the focus on their partners. 
Michelle and Mark captioned their snap saying: '2025 is going to be a special one for us…', while Hailey simply tagged her partner Justin with her post.
Michelle Keegan and Mark Wright announced their exciting pregnancy news on Sunday night with a stunning sunset beach shot
The image they chose to share the news with showed Michelle in a sweeping white outfit which draws comparisons with the shot Justin and Hailey Bieber posted to announce they were expecting their first child back in May
Hailey and Justin welcomed their son Jack Blues Bieber in August as they shared a sweet snap of his feet as his mum cradled him.
Friends of Mark and Michelle have told The Sun that they took their pregnancy announcement photo in November during a winter break to Majorca, one of their favourite holiday destinations. 
The insider said: 'Michelle and Mark went on a winter sun break in early November and chose to take the photograph there.
'It was taken on an empty beach by a friend when they knew no one would spot them.
'Majorca is like a second home to them so it felt special for them to take that photograph there. The lighting and the setting was just perfect, it was a beautiful moment.'
Pals added that the actress and TOWIE star turned DJ were 'thrilled' about their baby news.
Michelle shared Instagram photos on November 5 from Mallorca, telling fans that the couple were enjoying 'a couple of days in our fave place before the Christmas build up begins.' 
Former Coronation Street star Michelle married Mark in May 2015 and the couple live together in an Essex mansion they built from scratch.
In their post, Hailey, 28, wore a long white lace Saint Laurent gown and veil as they combined the announcement with a vow renewal in Hawaii 
Hailey and Justin welcomed their son Jack Blues Bieber in August as they shared a sweet snap of his feet as his mum cradled him
Friends of Mark and Michelle have told The Sun that they took their pregnancy announcement photo in November during a winter break to Majorca, one of their favourite holiday destinations 
Michelle shared Instagram photos on November 5 from Mallorca, telling fans that the couple were enjoying 'a couple of days in our fave place'
Heart Radio host Mark, who rose to fame on ITVBe series TOWIE, is already an uncle to footballer brother Josh's two children as well as sister Jess's son and has spoken over the years about wanting to become a father himself one day.
The expectant parents were seen together on Sunday December 22 alongside Mark's former TOWIE co-star James Argent and his new girlfriend as they enjoyed a double date at the Ivy.
The couple received hundreds of congratulatory messages from friends and family on their Instagram post including from Rochelle Humes, Kelly Brook, Vicky Pattison, and best pal Arg.
Arg wrote: 'I love you and I'm so happy for you both, you're going to be amazing parents. I can't wait to be an uncle.'
Mark's sister-in-law Hollie wrote: 'Josh and Dusty can not wait to meet their new cousin ❤️❤️.' 
While Mark's sister Natalya wrote: 'So so happy for you both. The best news ever ✨.' 
Rochelle and Marvin added: 'Over the moon for you both ❤️', 'Amazing news guys..so happy for you both ❤️.' 
Mark's brother Josh added: 'Over the moon for you both and can't wait for our boys to meet your little one ❤️.' 
Sam Faiers, who previously dated Mark, wrote: '❤️ huge congratulations x.'
Former Coronation Street star Michelle married Mark in May 2015 and the couple live together in an Essex mansion they built from scratch

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group