Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny’s romance is reportedly heating up again after the duo reunited in Barbados for New Year’s Eve.
“They are very different people and nobody ever saw their relationship going the distance, but they have a lot of fun together and missed each other since the split,” an insider told the US Sun Monday.
“They were with friends in the Caribbean over New Year and since getting back they’ve been dating again.”
While the couple hasn’t been photographed together since, the insider added that they’ve “snuck into events together, been to dinner in Brentwood and hung out in private now [that] they are back in LA.”
The source continued, “They’ve been keeping it on the down low, but he’s even been at her house in Beverly Glenn estates and driving her car around.
“He’s keen to win her back, and although they’re taking it slow at the minute, nobody would be surprised if they made it official again.”
For more Page Six you love…
Reps for Jenner and Bad Bunny did not immediately respond to Page Six’s request for comment.
The model, 28, and the Puerto Rican rapper, 29, were spotted vacationing together in the Caribbean to ring in the New Year with pals Justin and Hailey Bieber, per TMZ.
At the time, sources told the outlet that nothing romantic was going on between the former couple following reports of their breakup last month.
While there weren’t any photos of pair from the getaway, the “Monaco” hitmaker can be heard saying “Feliz Año Nuevo!” in a clip of fireworks posted by one of Jenner’s friends.
Speculation about the split began when the “Kardashians” star seemingly hinted at trouble in paradise on social media in November 2023, with a cryptic quote that read, “What’s meant for me, will simply find me.”
The reality star was later spotted with friends in Aspen, Colo. — with the musician nowhere to be seen.
Jenner and Bad Bunny — born Benito Antonio Martínez Ocasio — first sparked romance rumors in February 2023 when paparazzi caught them leaving the same restaurant in Beverly Hills, Calif.
The low-key pair were subsequently spotted out on date nights and packing on the PDA.
Advertisement