From relationship rumours to adorable Instagram PDAs
After what felt like a thousand years of speculation and a million rumours, Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker finally went Instagram official on Valentine's Day 2021, but they'd actually already been together for almost a year by that point. Not that you would know it. The duo were typically quite private, right up until their split in 2022 - though they have been linked a number of times since. 
Welcome to your first and only comprehensive 'Kevin' history lesson, starting with the most recent update.
February 2025:  Two years after they split - and almost five years after they were first linked - Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker have been photographed together again. Celebrity gossip site @deuxmoi shared a photo of the pair both in their ski goggles during a trip to Aspen with their 2.1million followers, along with the caption: "Kendall Jenner and Devin Booker: Back on in Aspen?"
Us Weekly's source then said the pair are fully back on, saying they're “very much together,” and that “Kendall thinks Devin is really funny, and they seem very solid right now.”
Maybe they're just friendly exes..? The last we heard, Kendall was dating singer Bad Bunny, while Devin's relationship life has been kept relatively out of the spotlight.
And here's the rest of Kendall and Devin's relationship timeline...
April 2020: Rumours begin swirling surrounding Kendall and NBA player Devin Booker after the pair were spotted on a road trip together (TMZ even published pictures). But according to a source close to the pair, Kendall and Devin were actually just friends at this point and were hanging out in the same friendship group.
"Kendall and friends have a small social circle amongst the group, who have been following the same social distancing and physical distancing guidelines. Devin is a friend and is part of the small group," the source said, adding that they had been in the same circle since about 2018.
June 2020:  This is when people really started to think something was going on with these two, and we'd later find out that June 2020 is the month Kevin officially became a thing. Rumours increased after they were seen getting into the same car together after dinner at celebrity hotspot Nobu.
July 2020:  Fans felt liked they'd really cracked onto these two by July, when they shared separate Instagram posts of what appeared to be the same holiday.
Kendall posted pictures of a road-trip showing her visiting some rock formations, and explained in the caption that the pictures were taken a "few weeks ago." Observant followers were quick to spot that Devin had had posted pictures four days beforehand of him visiting Slide Rock State Park in Arizona, which looks interestingly like the rocks in the background of Kendall's post.
August 2020: We now know that Kendall and Devin had been together two months by this point. But back in August 2020, all we knew was that these two were flirting up a storm on Instagram. 
It all started when Kendall posted a very sultry selfie to Instagram showing her flawless make-up and those cheekbones, and captioned the image with a strawberry emoji. In and amongst the many comments was one from Kendall's rumoured new boyfriend, Devin Booker.
The comment read, "I like strawberries," and Kendall was quick to follow up with a response of not just one but four strawberry emojis. Frankly the heat coming off this exchange could fry an egg.
October 2020: Okay, so people really have these two figured out now. After pictures emerged from Kim's controversial 40th birthday holiday, in and amongst all the backlash about the (very out of touch) trip, fans spotted something going on in the background of one of Scott's Instagram posts. Specifically, Kendall and Devin.
February 2021: The notoriously private couple confirm their relationship with a series of pictures on Instagram. This is pretty big for fans, since it's the first time these two have shared any pictures of each other on social media and not only are there several of them, but they're cute. 
April 2021: Throughout April Kendall and Devin make their first public appearances together, and it ends up being a pretty big deal since the relationship has been - understandably - under wraps from the public over the past year.
June 13th 2021: Kendall and Devin celebrate their one year anniversary and post some adorable pictures of each other on Instagram. Along with a very sweet picture of the pair cuddling Kendall also shared a picture of Devin reclining on a wall. Devin also shared a series of pictures of Kendall, which looked to be chronicling their past year together. The first photo was a scenic picture of restaurant at sunset captioned, "1", a second picture of the pair swimming together was captioned "52" and a final snap of Kendall came with the caption "365."
June 21st 2021: Kendall speaks publicly about Devin for the first time, revealing he's her boyfriend. After KUWTK Reunion host Andy Cohen asked Kendall if she only dated basketball players (the model was also linked to Ben Simmons), she replied, "No, I actually don't only date basketball players, if anyone's ever done their research."
When asked about Devin specifically, she replied, "He's my boyfriend." Kendall, 25, was then asked why she's so private about her relationships. "Kylie and I have had the opportunity to watch our older sisters go through marriages and relationships and breakups and all these things, and do them pretty publicly," she explained.
22nd June 2021: Just days after Kendall spoke publicly about their relationship for the first time, a report claims the pair are actually basically living together. Cute!
Us Weekly’s source claimed, “He’s practically moved in with her. They really respect each other’s careers and give each other space to focus on her modeling or his basketball career.
That’s probably what makes their relationship work so well is that they have that work-life balance.” Sounds like things are getting serious!
19 October 2021: Kendall Jenner took to Twitter to clap back at boyfriend Devin Booker after he dissed her pumpkin carving skills. As we know, the Kardashian-Jenners are obsessed with spooky season, so it's clearly not an area they welcome criticism on.
It all started after Kendall shared a few photos to her Instagram Story of the couple's pumpkin carving session – which btw, looks like the perfect autumnal date, if anyone's offering? No... erm, okay then.
Here's where it gets shady. Devin then took to Twitter to share his thoughts on the topic, telling his 1 million followers: "Pumpkin don't count if you used a stencil."
But, it wasn't long before Kendall responded, in true KarJenner style. "I feel personally attacked," she responded to her boyfriend's diss. Plenty of fans were quick to support the 25-year-old, with one tweeting "Yours looks better than Devin’s tho [sic]," while someone else said, "I knew his tweet had something to do with your pumpkin."
22 October 2021: Kendall and Devin have previously proven themselves to be fans of the odd bit of PDA, and they've been at it again with a sweet basketball court moment.
Sitting courtside to watch Devin play for his team the Phoenix Suns, Kendall leaned over for a *very* public kiss as she congratulated Devin on his win.
The NBA player headed over to the crowd to give out high fives after the game, stopping to hug Kendall - and the whole moment is so sweet.
Kendall was joined by fellow celeb couple Justin and Hailey Bieber for the game, with an eyewitness telling E! News: "Kendall was actively cheering for Devin and the Suns during the blow-out game. Devin made a beeline for Kendall after the final buzzer. Kendall had a huge smile on her face!"
Cute!
30 October 2021: Kendall took to Instagram on Saturday to celebrate Devin's 25th birthday with a sweet tribute. In the post, which she shared to her Instagram Story, Kendall called Devin her "best friend" – how romantic!?
"Happy birthday best friend @dbook," she said, alongside a red heart emoji and a photo of the pair cuddling up together. In a second post, she shared a selfie of the professional basketball player along with three heart emojis.
3 November 2021: Just a few days after Kendall celebrated Devin's birthday by calling him her "best friend," the basketball player took to his own Story to return the favour. Wishing his girlfriend a happy birthday, Devin shared a photo of the pair to his Instagram story, along with the caption: "Most beautiful woman."
The caption also included a crown emoji, suggesting that she's his queen. How romantic!?
In a second post, the 25-year-old shared a photo of him and Kendall enjoying a rare moment of PDA as they cuddle up together. The pair have been notoriously low-key with their relationship, so seeing photos of them together is a real treat for fans. He captioned the second photo with a padlock emoji – which we think just says it all really...
2 January 2022: In an Instagram photo dump captioned,"my weekend 😌," Kendall shared a carousel of random snaps - including one cosied-up pic with her bf Devin. They appear to be on some sort of romantic farmhouse getaway of dreams, drinking wine and sitting by the fire. 
Eagle-eyed fans noticed that in slide five, Devin is wearing a gold band that looks an awful lot like a wedding ring. Someone commented, "Anyone else notice the ring on his hand ??????", which sparked a debate about whether he's wearing the ring on his "wedding ring finger" or not, due to the fact that mirror selfies are flipped. People also think that Kendall is "hiding" her ring in her pocket, but seeing as Devin's not hiding his, others aren't convinced. Others commented thinking it was a pregnancy announcement, but neither of the duo have commented on the matter yet. 
See the picture that got fans talking on the 5th slide:
Either way, these two look adorable! 
13th February 2022: Just in time for Valentine's Day, Kendall and Devin have been pictured out on an adorable double date - and with another very famous couple, no less.
The pair headed down to the Super Bowl together on 13th February, taking place in Inglewood, California. On top of enjoying a day out as a duo, Kendall and Devin were joined by husband and wife Justin and Hailey Bieber - and their double date photo is so cute!
Kendall and Devin can be seen sat either side of the Biebers, with Kendall sweetly wrapping her arm around Hailey as they hold hands, while Devin and Justin are rocking matching white t-shirts and sunglasses.
What a group!
May 2022: It seems that Kendall and Devin have taken their romance one step further, progressing from mere 'Instagram official' to 'lock screen official'. The true sign of a modern romance, if you ask us.
Sharing a screenshot of her lock screen to her Instagram Story on 5 May (to promote her family's new Disney Plus show, The Kardashians) Kendall revealed her background is a sweet photo of boyfriend Devin. Too cute!
PSA for Devin: We quite literally *need* to see your lock screen now, too.
May 2022:  Devin and Kendall display some rare PDA at sister Kourtney Kardashian's wedding to Travis Barker in Portofino, during a moment on a boat. Fans are understandably obsessed with the small insight into their relationship, particularly when they aren't aware it's being caught on camera:
23 June 2022: Reports claim that Kendall and Devin have sadly split
After two years of dating, June reports claim that Kendall and Devin have apparently called time on their relationship. A source close to Kendall spoke to E! News, saying: "Kendall and Devin hit a rough patch recently and have been split for about a week and a half."
The news came as a surprise to some fans, after the pair were pictured looking sweetly loved up at Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker's wedding. Still, the source claimed that Kendall told Devin she "wanted space and time apart," but that "they have been in touch since and do care about one another."
However, there were hints that things *might* not be over for good, with the insider adding, "they both hope to make it work, but as of now, they are split."
30 June 2022: Kendall and Devin spark reconciliation rumours following breakup reports
Could Kevin be back on? The pair have been pictured together out in California, sparking reconciliation rumours after reports last week claimed the duo had split. A source close to Kendall revealed at the time that she apparently "wanted space and time apart". However, the pair have now been seen spending time together once more.
Pictures published by E! News show Kendall and Devin talking and smiling together outside Soho House in Malibu on 26th June. An eyewitness reportedly told the publication that the pair looked happy and "had great energy between them". The source added, "They shared things on their phones and laughed. Kendall was looking up and smiling at Devin."
So, does this mean these two could still be a thing? Following publication of the pics, another source told Page Six that "[Kendall's] people requested the meet up," adding," Her team does not want it to look like she was dumped."
We have reached out to reps for comment.
8th July 2022: Kendall Jenner officially shuts down all break up rumours with an Instagram post supporting Devin Booker's basketball career. The model regrammed one of his post to her Stories, celebrating the fact he was the official cover athlete for NBA 2K23 magazine. Think these two are still on, then.
1st August 2022 - Kendall confirms she's hanging out with Devin, following split reports
It's good news for Kevin fans, as Kendall has officially confirmed that she and Devin are spending time together, following speculation that the pair had separated.
Reports of an apparent split first surfaced in June. However, things have since been looking up for Kendall and Devin - with the duo photographed out together on 30th June. Then, in early July Kendall re-posted one of Devin’s tweets on her Instagram Stories, celebrating his success as the cover athlete for NBA 2K23 magazine.
Now, these two are officially hanging out once more, with Kendall posting a video of Devin on her Instagram Stories. Enjoying a trip out to the countryside, Kendall shared a clip of Devin axe-throwing in the woods (and it looks like he's pretty skilled!). Here's a snap of Devin in action:
While the pair haven't spoken out on whether they're together romantically, this does confirm they've been enjoying a trip away together - so that's something. Meanwhile, Devin also re-shared the vid on his own Stories. Cute!
3rd August 2022 - Kendall shares intimate PDA pic with Devin
It looks like these two are just as loved up as ever! Kendall took to her Instagram Stories to share a sweet photo cuddled up with Devin, which comes just over a month after the pair were first hit by split rumours.
The snap, taken on a trip out to the countryside, shows Kendall and Devin chilling on the porch with the forest just behind them. We can see Kendall sat on Devin's knee while he rests his hand on her leg, and the whole thing is very cute.
Kendall's latest Story post comes just days after she first shared a snap confirming she was out in the country with Devin, showing him getting into a bit of, err, axe-throwing in the forest.
21st November 2022: Despite confirming they were back together after split rumours in the summer, a new report claims Kendall and Devin have broken up once again. According to PEOPLE the pair quietly went their separate ways in October, with an insider claiming, "Both have incredibly busy schedules right now with their careers and they've decided to make that a priority.
"They have a lot of love and respect for each other and wish only the best."
February 2024: Well over a year after they split up, Kendall and Devin are linked on a couple of occasions in February 2024, and fans are confused.
First, they were spotted in the same box at the Super Bowl LVIII on the 11th February, alongside the likes of Ciara and Hailey Bieber. Sadly they weren't photographed together in the box, so you'll just have to take the internet's word for it:
And then, Devin was photographed by his basketball team the Phoenix Suns wearing something from Kendall's sister Kylie's fashion range, Khy:
Kylie shared the post to her Instagram Stories with the caption, "I spy @khy @dbook", later adding "@khy @dbook !!!'
Then, on 23rd February, TMZ claims the couple are "rekindling their relationship" but "taking things slow" and aren't "exclusive" yet, while gossip site @DeuxMoi then claimed Kendall was spotted leaving the hotel his basketball team were staying at. Coincidence? Hmm.
Kylie Jenner's spaghetti strap red minidress is 🔥
Kris with a bob was not on my bingo card for today
Kendall goes topless in tiny thong bikini bottoms
SKIMS Swim has officially re-entered the chat
Behold: Khloé's clever trick for masking oily hair
Kim K wears wedding dress to VF Oscars party
Kourtney Kardashian addresses Mason baby rumours
Kim K or Rapunzel? The world may never know
Kim's 90s throwback has fans saying the same thing
Kim K's bikini throwback is *so* on trend for SS25
Kendall hides see-through bra & skirt under coat
Kylie's plunging red leather cut-out dress is NSFW
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.