By BRIDIE PEARSON-JONES and ALANAH KHOSLA FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:00, 14 July 2024   |  Updated:  11:12, 14 July 2024   
 58
View  comments
The Ambani family created their own theme-park like world inside the 16,000-capacity Jio Centre in Mumbai to host the wedding of the year this weekend. 
After months of pre-wedding celebrations, Anant Ambani, the son of India's richest man, finally wed pharmaceutical heiress Radhika Merchant in a grand star-studded ceremony on Friday.
Celebrations will go on for days, with guests taking to social media to share behind the scenes looks of the wedding - which included a 'whole magical world'.
Influencer Julia Hackman Chafe shared a video showing  the couple had created at a Lassi shop for guests inside the venue.
Lassi is a popular yoghurt-based drink in south Asia made with fruit to have a smoothie-like taste. A sign from the shop offered sweet lassi and rabdi lassi made with cinnamon.
Next was a antiques shop, where guests could peruse items.
The Ambani family created their own theme-park like world inside the 16,000-capacity Jio Centre in Mumbai to host the wedding of the year this weekend
Influencer Julia Hackman Chafe shared a video showing the couple had created at a Lassi shop for guests inside the venue . Next was a antiques shop, where guests could peruse items
Julia (right) said the wedding was the 'best night of her life'
Julia shared a behind the scenes video of Kim Kardashaian discussing the jewellery
When the bride and groom tied the knot, a huge alter with several domes and flowers. 
Huge sculptures were  placed throughout the venue, with glittering decorations and giant flower displays - including of tigers and elephants.
Figurines of peacocks and cows were on stage  alongside wooden panels and houses to create a whole 'Ambani's world', while pictures of Hindu gods were also on display.
Bright flags and lights lined the entranceway for Julia and the other VIP guests as they stepped in the venue.
A table filled with luxury sweets, including macaroons, and flowers waited for guests as they first arrived, with the table itself being so lavish, Julia questioned: 'Am I Alice in Wonderland?'
Huge sculptures were placed throughout the venue, with glittering decorations and giant flower displays - including of tigers and elephants
Figurines of peacocks and cows were on stage alongside wooden panels and houses to create a whole 'Ambani's world', while pictures of Hindu gods were also on display
Giant plant figurines of  elephants  were throughout the venue
Giant statues of tigers - made from ornate details on flowers - were on display
Statues of Hindu gods were on stage while singers performed 
Celebrity stylist Law Roach, best known for his work his Zendaya, was also in attendance sharing a picture of the stage 
It wasn't long before she bumped into stars including, John Cena, actress Priyanka Chopra and her singer husband Nick Jonas, Bollywood producer and actor Salman Khan, and former UK PM Boris Johnson, who was 'just chilling', according to Julia.
Later she chatted to guest of honour Kim Kardashian - who entered the wedding with the mother of the groom - as well as Priyanka Chopra.
The influencer captured the baraat – Anant's arrival at the venue on a white horse, as per Indian wedding tradition. 'Seeing Anat in person for the first [is] surreal', she said'.
She later captured heiress Nicky Hilton entering the venue, joking she had 'photobombed her'. 
The groom danced with guests after his arrival as multi-coloured confetti fell from the ceiling in a moment Julia described as 'pure magic'.
Guests then took to their seats for the traditional Hindu wedding ceremony. Julia said: 'Then we sat for the wedding ceremony - the most beautiful ceremony I've ever had the pleasure to watch'.
Kim and Khloe Kardashian showed off their most show-stopping looks yet as they departed their hotel for the second day of billionaire offspring Anant Ambani's wedding on Saturday
Guests also showed a behind the scenes look of the stage
Law Roach shared snaps from the various ornate parts of the venue
Julia shared a snap of the brightly-coloured dinner room (pictured), saying 'so much beauty in so little time'
Glamourous Carrie Johnson changed into a second traditional Indian wedding outfit as she her husband Boris and their three children headed to the £250M Ambani wedding in Mumbai this weekend
Boris Johnson was among the well-heeled guests attending the wedding of the century in Mumbai on Friday, dancing the night away with his son on his shoulders
The bride made her grand entrance on an electric wooden boat that moved on a track, before Anant and Radhika exchanged vows under a large altar with white domes. 'Pure beauty,' Julia explained.
The groom's mother, Nita Ambani, 60, finished the ceremony with a poem reading about the value of daughters.
Julia explained: 'Afterwards, Nita gave a speech about the value of daughters that really sang to my soul. She is the true definition of elegance…and intelligence.'
The influencer concluded: 'The love in the room was palpable. Such a beautiful ceremony.'
After the ceremony, guests explored the lavish set up, which included a lassi shop (an Indian beverage) and an antique shop, 'we're in a magical world', Julia said.
It wasn't long before guests took to the dancefloor to celebrate the newlyweds with dancing and live performances.
Carrie Johnson shared a shot of the ornate tiger display
Huge stair and peacock displays were also part of the venue
Anant Ambani, left, the son of billionaire Mukesh Ambani, holds hands with Radhika Merchant during their wedding ceremony at Jio World Convention Centre in Mumbai, India, Friday, July 12, 2024
The bride, Radhika Merchant, 29, is pictured in her lavish bridal gown, known as a lengha
The bride beamed at the camera in her glamorous wedding dress ahead of tying the knot with the son of India's richest man
The glamorous, long-awaited event is reported to have cost around a staggering £250million - without taking into account the couple's estimated £100million accumulation of luxury wedding gifts and the hosting of several of the world's most iconic A-list celebrities.
Latest images from the wedding scenes show the bride draped in a heavy cream and red Indian bridal dress - called a lengha, adorned in jewels and a beaded headscarf as she holds hands with her new husband, Anant.  
The happy groom was pictured beaming down at his new wife while donning a red beaded jacket - called a nehru - as the pair tied the knot in a traditional Hindu ceremony at the Ambani-owned, 16,000-capacity Jio World Convention Center.
Police reportedly closed off roads surrounding the venue ahead of the massive star-studded wedding celebration that took place on Friday afternoon.
Justin Bieber posted a set of photos with Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant following his performance
MailOnline reported Rhianna was paid £5million to do the 'bare minimum' for a 90-minute set at the couple's three day celebration in March
Anant Ambani (left), the son of India's richest man, Mukesh Ambani tied the knot with Radhika Merchant (right), the daughter of a wealthy pharmaceutical mogul in a traditional Hindu ceremony in Mumbai this afternoon
The happy groom arrived at his wedding donning an opulently designed jacket - believed to be called a nehru - along with a pair of crisp white trousers
Anant Ambani, born on April 10, 1995, in Mumbai, is the youngest son of Mukesh Ambani. 
He is an Indian business leader and serves as a Director on the Board of Jio Platforms Limited since March 2020. 
He is also a Director on the Boards Reliance Retail Ventures Limited since May 2022 and Reliance New Energy Limited and Reliance New Solar Energy Limited since June 2021. 
He has also been actively involved in the management of sporting events such as the Indian Premier League, particularly with the Mumbai Indians team owned by Reliance Industries.
An upcoming luxury resort hotel project named Anantvilas is a collaborative venture between Reliance Industries (RIL) and the Maker Group. The hotel¿s name, Anantvilas, honours Anant¿s contributions and association with the project.
Anant¿s wealth includes ownership of Antilia, one of the world¿s most recognizable private residences. 
His family possesses valuable real estate assets such as a beach-side villa in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai, the Stoke House in London, and the Mandarin Oriental in New York City. 
Anant¿s net worth includes assets such as the Indian Premier League (IPL) team Mumbai Indians.
He and his family wealth is estimated to be at $113.5 billion. 
Anant has two siblings, Akash and Isha, and is viewed as one of the heirs to the Reliance Industries empire. 
Anant attended the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai. He then undertook his undergraduate studies at Brown University in Rhode Island.
Along with the extravagant jacket, Anant wore crisp white trousers and a pair of trainers featuring an extravagant gold logo.  
Earlier in the day, he posed alongside his proud parents; the managing director of Reliance Industries Mukesh Ambani and his wife Nita Ambani, chairperson of the Reliance Foundation.
The Ambani family and a list of Bollywood stars were among the first guests photographed on the grand nuptial's lavish pink carpet.
A-list guests who jetted out to Mumbai to attend what could be India's biggest wedding this year included Kim and Khloe Kardashian, John Cena, and former British prime minister Tony Blair. 
Justin Bieber performed at a pre-wedding party for guests known as a 'Sangeet' and was paid a reported £7 million while according to sources, Adele, Drake or Lana Del Rey will provide the entertainment at a reception on Sunday evening.
Mr Ambani, 67, who is listed by Forbes as the world's ninth richest man and worth £100 billion has already gifted the couple a £62 million luxurious villa on Palm Jumeriah in Dubai which spans 3,000 square feet, has ten bedrooms, and comes with its own private beach. 
The couple were also given a £500,000 Bentley Continental GTC Speed and a dazzling array of custom-made jewellery and clothes worth millions of pounds.
Mr Ambani's glamorous wife Nita, 60 gifted her daughter-in-law a stunning pearl and diamond choker, worth an estimated £10 million which is just one of dozens of bespoke multi-million-pound pieces made for her. Anant was given a £2 million Cartier brooch.
Specialist weavers in India have spent the past few months making a series of rare silk sarees using gold and silver thread valued at more than £100,000 each.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group