Jeff Bieber, Fairview, is a life-long farmer and has been a seed dealer most of his adult life. His son, Justin, joined him in the business in 2015 when they added Pioneer corn, soybean, canola, sunflowers and forage products to their seed line. In 2022 he also brought in Westbred spring and winter wheat seeds.
Now the duo is expanding even further with the creation of Texas Red Ag Services in an effort to better serve their customers. With a commercial seed treater, additional sales agent, new products, new partners, and a corn grain drier, Texas Red Ag Services is positioned to help your farm from the bag to the bin. 
Parker Westgard will cover the northern region from the Canadian border south and from Malta to Crosby. Westgard, who is from Westby, brings a lot of knowledge and experience. Jeff said Westgard, who has an ag-based degree and previously worked for a co-op, has more experience with crops such as canola which is fairly widely grown in that area. Texas Red Ag Services will be offering a new Pioneer canola seed which is priced competitively and has excellent production and shatter resistance. “Field tests show that it’s as good or better than any product on the market,” Jeff stated. 
Texas Red Ag Services added a commercial seed treater last spring to treat spring wheat, soybeans, peas and lentils. “We learned a lot last spring. The treater has given us the opportunity to work with some great products and people; TerraMax inoculant, Lumovia and the rest of the Bayer and Corteva seed treatment portfolio. Having seed treating experts from Pioneer and Westbred a phone call away helped us get up to speed right away,” Justin said. 
In addition to seed treatment, Texas Red Ag Services has access to crop protection products including insecticides, herbicides and fungicides. “We have partnered with additional Pioneer agencies which helps us offer hard to get products at very competitive pricing,” Jeff said.
Partnering with Brandt Nutrition gives Texas Red Ag Services access to a wide range of products from EnzUP to Smart Trio. EnzUP is zinc chelate that can be added to any liquid starter and Smart Trio is a mix of nitrogen, sulfur, boron, manganese and zinc to add in with your herbicide pass to make sure your corn has the essential nutrients it needs. 
A corn dryer is also available this fall for custom drying to help customers get the crop out of the field and help maximize the short growing season. 
Texas Red Ag Services is running a number of trials including in - furrow treatments, population and fertility treatments this year. To find out the results, or see some of the trials for yourself, reach out to them to set up a meeting, or follow along on Facebook at Texas Red Ag Services. 
The team at Texas Red Ag Services would like to wish everyone a safe and successful harvest and thank their customers for allowing them to be a part of their operation. 
Contact Jeff at 406-489-3452, Justin at 406-489-2188 or Parker at 406-385-7006.
Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software from Lions Light Corporation
     © Copyright 2025