Justin Bieber shared a touching tribute to Liam Payne after the former One Direction singer's death last week. 
 Liam died aged 31 after he fell from the third-floor balcony at the Casa Sur Hotel in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on Wednesday evening. Following his shock death, his One Direction bandmates Zayn Malik, Louis Tomlinson, Harry Styles and Niall Horan have paid tribute to the star. 
 Paris Hilton, his girlfriend Kate Cassidy, the mother of his child, Cheryl, and many other stars have also released statements on their personal pages. Althought Peaches singer Justin didn't pen a tribute of his own, he re-shared a touching montage clip on his Instagram Stories. 
 The post featured clips of the many fan memorials around the world, which had them bring cards, flowers, balloons and personal letters to pay tribute to the singer. An AI voice said over the video: "Just remember, you are allowed to grieve as a fan. You are allowed to love someone you've never met. You are allowed to admire someone for their art." 
"You are allowed to cry, to break, to feel like a part of you is gone," it continued. "Because even if they never knew your name, they changed your world." After Justin reposted to his page, fans took to the original video to post their condolences, with one user writing: "Justin reposted, thank you for validating my grief over liam and please take care of yourself justin, i love you."
 "Beliebers are joining Directioners in their grief," another said while one user commented: " Justin Bieber is a real one for showing his empathy." Liam sadly plunged to his death on Wednesday evening a few hours after telling his close friend that he was having a 'chill' morning. 
 It has emerged that Liam's body is likely to remain in Argentina for around 10 to 15 days, until the results of toxicological tests are known. Once the investigation ends, the singer's remains will be handed over to his family and sent back to England, as claimed in local media reports. 
 It had also been reported that the star had more than 20 injuries at the time of his death, with forensic experts determining that "the 25 injuries described in the autopsy are compatible with those caused by a fall from a height." Liam had travelled to the country with his girlfriend, Kate Cassidy, to see his former bandmate Niall Horan in concert weeks before. 
 Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.