Hailey Bieber revealed her and Kendall Jenner’s Halloween costume: a tribute to Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie from their early aughts reality show Simple Life.
Hailey Bieber and Kendall Jenner are bringing back Sanasa.
After all, the best friend duo paid homage to Nicole Richie and Paris Hilton in their Simple Life Halloween costumes. 
In fact, Hailey and Kendall—who went blonde and wore denim like the 2003 show’s poster—even recreated a moment from the reality show, where the duo helped with yard work and was called “dumb” by someone they were working with.
“I have respect for myself and this is my best friend, so I have respect for her,” the Rhode Beauty founder, holding a pitchfork, lipsynced in the Oct. 31 TikTok video. “I’m making dead f--king honest right now that if you call me dumb or call her dumb one more time, I don’t care how many steroids you take, how many egg yolks you drink, how many push-ups you do, I’m being dead f--king serious. I will beat your f--king face in. You think I haven’t done it? I’ve done it before and I’ll do it again.”
Meanwhile, Kendall, dressed like Paris, stood in the back, nodding with a small pup in her arms.
The duo’s tribute even got Paris and Nicole’s stamp of approval. “Icons recognize icons,” the Paris in Love star commented. “Obsessed with this!” And Nicole posted the clip to her Instagram Stories, simply writing, “I’m obsessed.”
It was the perfect idea for Kendall and Hailey, who, like Nicole and Paris, have such a special bond.
“I feel like both you and I have experienced—whether it be business, like self-love, like whatever it is—like, I feel like we've both seen each other thrive at different times than others,” Kendall said in March 2021 during Hailey’s YouTube series Who’s In My Bathroom. “We've been there for each other through it all and not let it get in the way of our friendship, which I think is really special and important.”
Hailey couldn’t agree more. “Especially in the industry that we’re in, it’s really hard to find people that feel safe for you, that understand you,” she chimed in. “It can be a lot and very overwhelming. I feel like we’ve both really been there for each other.”
And Hailey is always down for a matching costume with a close pal. In fact, she and Kylie Jenner pulled out the green face paint to be witches last year. As the pair stepped out to grab a slice of pizza, the Kylie Cosmetics founder questioned in her TikTok video, “Why is everybody staring at us?”
To which Hailey quipped, “I feel like we're dressed so normal, so it makes no sense.”
Now, keep reading to see more celebs showing off their spooktacular costumes for Halloween 2024.
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.