Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
"I probably could have hid it until the end, but I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly," Hailey tells W in the magazine's new summer issue, which hits stands on July 30.

							By 

	Chris Gardner


	The Biebers, as in Justin and Hailey, confirmed in early May that they had a baby on the way with a bombshell reveal on Instagram that featured photos from an intimate vow renewal in Hawaii and the first shots of Hailey’s baby bump. 

	Now the supermodel and Rhode founder is opening up about why they decided to share their good news with the world. “I probably could have hid it until the end, but I didn’t enjoy the stress of not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly,” Hailey told W in the magazine’s new summer issue, which hits stands on July 30. “I felt like I was hiding this big secret, and it didn’t feel good. I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Justin Bieber Heading Abroad to Finish Long-Awaited Album (Exclusive)		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Hailey Bieber Accepts Beauty Honor and Thanks Husband Justin Bieber for "Always Cheering Me On"		
			








W’s Bieber baby bump feature — written by Jen Wang, styled by Paul Sinclaire and photographed by David Sims — now puts the model on a roster of stars who have previously debuted their bumps in the magazine that includes Kirsten Dunst, Cindy Crawford and Gwyneth Paltrow.

	In the cover story, Hailey also opened up about spending more time with her pop star husband before baby makes three. “In the beginning [of the pregnancy], it was super emotional for me. Like, ‘I love this human so much. How can I possibly bring someone else into this?’ I’m trying to soak in these days of it being Justin and me, just the two of us,” she said. 

	She also revealed that she has a distant relationship with her own family, comprised of actor father Stephen Baldwin and mother Kennya Baldwin. “I’m not super close with my family at this point in my life because I feel like I’m very independent. I’m my own individual now, and I’ve built my own family. But when I look back on my childhood and how I grew up, I have very fond, beautiful memories,” she explained.

	Regarding that independence, Hailey signed with an agency at 17 and started globetrotting to begin her modeling career. “I started traveling the world, making my own money. I got my own apartment and had to learn how to live on my own and pay bills. That pushed me into adulthood kind of quickly, when most of my friends were just leaving for college.”
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.