By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:00, 24 August 2024   |  Updated:  13:34, 24 August 2024   
 101
View  comments
Justin Bieber has paid tribute to his father Jeremy Bieber after he named his newborn son after his dad. 
The Boyfriend hitmaker and his wife Hailey happily announced on Friday the birth of their first child Jack Blues Bieber. 
And the moniker Jack is notably the middle name of his father, Jeremy - who separated from the singer's mother when they were both 18-years-old. 
Despite not seeing his father often while growing up, the pair later reconnected and now have a positive relationship. 
But who is Justin's dad and how did the pair heal their relationship? 
Who is Justin Bieber's dad Jeremy? Meet the singer's controversial father who inspired couple's baby name as Hailey gives birth to their first child
Despite not seeing his father often while growing up, the pair later reconnected and now have a positive relationship (pictured in 2011 with his mum Pattie and half sister Jazmyn) 
Justin's parents Jeremy and Pattie Mallette welcomed the future hitmaker when they were both just 18-years-old. 
The couple were never married and called it quits on their relationship just a few months after Justin was born. 
After the pair's separation, Justin and his dad experienced a tumultuous relationship filled with ups and downs.
Jeremy has been characterised as a deadbeat who only resurfaced when his son became famous after being discovered in a YouTube video. 
Other rumours claimed Jeremy had addiction problems and was involved with fight clubs and mixed martial arts fighting. 
According to reports, Jeremy spent time in prison when he was 22 due to non-compliance with the probation terms imposed on him. 
He faced criticism once again in 2014 after he went partying with Justin, who was then 19, just hours before the pop icon was arrested for racing a Lamborghini while allegedly under the influence of drink and drugs.
The Guardian reported that Jeremy, then 38, had even helped 'block off streets so his intoxicated son could drag race the rented car.'
The Boyfriend hitmaker and his wife Hailey happily announced on Friday the birth of their first child Jack Blues Bieber and the moniker Jack is notably the middle name of his father
Justin's parents Jeremy and Pattie Mallette welcomed the future hitmaker when they were both just 18-years-old. The couple were never married and called it quits on their relationship just a few months after Justin was born
Despite his absence during Justin's former years, the star confirmed he has been involved in his life since he was about five
(pictured 2016)
In June 2023, Jeremy's behaviour hit headlines again after he posted an 'offensive' message about Pride Month on Twitter
Meanwhile in June 2023, his behaviour hit headlines again after he posted an 'offensive' message about Pride Month on Twitter.
The post read:  'Don’t forget to thank a straight person this month for your existence'.
He later apologised for the tweet as he explained: 'My post was to acknowledge families, that’s it! and before you say I abandoned my son, move on! that’s an old narrative pushed!
'Its ridiculous and didn’t happen. Now my delivery may have been poor but it was not to be hateful or homophobic.'  
Justin and Jeremy now have a strong bonds, after the singer previously told Billboard in 2015 that his dad was 'not in a place where he could raise a kid.'
The star added: 'He was immature. He left for like a year when I was about four, went to British Columbia, came back on Father's Day.'
Despite his absence during Justin's former years, the star confirmed he has been involved in his life since he was about five.  
Justin explained: 'I remember my mom said, "If you're going to be here, you have to be here." There's a misconception that he's this deadbeat dad, but he has been in my life since. I was with him on weekends and Wednesdays.'
While Justin was raised by his mother, he and Pattie were estranged for two years as Justin made headlines for poor public behavior.
The star confessed to Billboard their relationship was 'pretty nonexistent' and he distanced himself from his mother as he was ashamed of himself. 
During this time Justin seems to have become closer to his dad, as he told GQ in 2016 that he was 'a lot closer to my dad than I am to my mom' at the time.
Justin and Jeremy now have a strong bonds, after Justin previously told Billboard in 2015 that his dad was 'not in a place where he could raise a kid'
In a sweet Father's day post in 2022, Justin wrote: 'Love you pops! Happy Father's Day! So much to look forward to. Best is still ahead of us! Honored to be your son'
Jeremy is also a father to four other children, daughter Jazmyn and son Jaxon with his ex Erin Wagner, and daughter Bay with his wife Chelsey Rebelo (pictured) 
The pair often feature on each other's Instagram accounts, and in December 2017 Justin declared his love for his dad as he opened up about their growing relationship. 
He added: 'I️ love continuing to get to know my father I️ love working through hard things to get to the good things.. relationships are worth fighting for especially with family!! Love you forever and always daddy!'
In a sweet Father's day post in 2022, Justin wrote: 'Love you pops! Happy Father's Day! So much to look forward to. Best is still ahead of us! Honored to be your son.'
Jeremy is also a father to four other children, daughter Jazmyn and son Jaxon with his ex Erin Wagner, and daughter Bay with his wife Chelsey Rebelo. 
He is also stepdad to Chelsey's daughter Allie from a previous relationship.
Jeremy and Chelsey tied the knot in 2016 and Justin served as a groomsman at the pair’s nuptials. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group