Heat wave, be damned — scorching temperatures are no match for the hordes of fans determined to shop at Hailey Bieber's Rhode Skin pop-up in New York City.
The model's infallible beauty brand has opened a brick-and-mortar store where devotees can shop its latest offering: Pocket Blush, which launched on June 20 and has already garnered rave reviews. 
The impossibly aesthetic space is open from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. through July 3 at 127 Greene Street, a very chic block in Manhattan's SoHo (outposts from the likes of Brunello Cucinelli and Proenza Schouler are mere steps away). 
Like everything Bieber — or at least her marketing team — touches, the pop-up is already a smash success. On opening day, fans began lining up in the wee hours of the morning for the chance to snag Rhode's Pocket Blush in Sprinkle, a limited-edition shade offered exclusively at the pop-up, as well as the brand's other viral wares (yes, that phone case included).
The early bird gets the worm, or at least a Bieber sighting. With Justin in tow, Hailey showed up bright and early to check out the space and capture social media content, which you can view on Rhode's official channels.
There are likely other surprises in store for Rhode's most fearless fighters. According to the brand's social channels, as well as posts by attendees, the pop-up is offering ice cream and drinks to shoppers.
The store has been open for less than three hours, but the crowds are already well-documented on Twitter and TikTok, where onlookers and participants alike are marveling at the number of people who showed up to shop. According to Rhode's Twitter account, the line reached capacity shortly after the doors opened, a disappointment for those planning to stop by later in the day.
The pop-up is open for nine more days, so anyone who missed out today will have another shot at securing the blush. Of course, there's no guarantee that the crowds will wane later in the week. We recommend arriving early with a fully charged phone, a book, plenty of water. If there's anything we've learned from Rhode's dazzling success, it's to never underestimate the power of Hailey Bieber.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.