By SAMEER SURI and BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:21, 24 August 2024   |  Updated:  21:40, 24 August 2024   
 192
View  comments
Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey Bieber have been praised for giving their newborn baby boy 'the most normal celebrity baby name in a while.'
Hollywood figures are known for doing just the opposite - for example, Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's children are called Apple and Moses and Frank Zappa named one of his daughters Moon Unit.
Beyonce christened her firstborn Blue Ivy, Busy Philipps is mother to Birdie and Cricket and My Name Is Earl star Jason Lee named his daughter Pilot Inspektor.
Hailey's friends the Kardashian-Jenners have also joined the trend with children called North, Reign, Psalm, Dream, Saint, True, Aire and more.
However when Justin, 30, and Hailey, 27, ecstatically announced their baby's birth Friday night, they revealed that his name is both ordinary and touching.
Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey Bieber have been praised for giving their newborn baby boy a surprisingly normal name; pictured at the 2021 Met Gala
The 30-year-old pop star and the 27-year-old model became first-time parents when she gave birth to a baby boy, which Justin revealed in a loving Instagram post revealing their son's name: Jack Blues Bieber
Their son is called Jack Blues Bieber - Jack being the middle name of Justin's father Jeremy, whom he mended fences with with after a rollercoaster relationship.
Social media exploded with reactions to the birth announcement, and many fans hailed the showbiz couple for calling the baby Jack.
'Somehow the most normal celebrity baby name in a while!' marveled one account on X, formerly Twitter. 'They only made his middle name quirky lol.'
'Out of all the celebs to give their baby a normal normal name justin bieber was not who i expected,' joked another social media user.
One sighed: 'omg hailey and justin bieber gave their kid a normal name, the world is healing,' while another quipped: 'why did i not think justin bieber was going to name his kid something almost normal.'
'Congrats to Hailey and Justin Bieber. Wow a celebrity baby with a normal first name. This is a first in a while,' said another X user drily.
Justin and Hailey — who reportedly turned to their faith during the pregnancy in the face of divorce rumors — became first-time parents when she gave birth to a baby boy, which Justin revealed in a loving Instagram post Friday night.
He shared a photo of their new son's adorably tiny foot, while revealing that they had named him 'Jack Blues Bieber.' 
Their son is called Jack Blues Bieber - Jack being the middle name of Justin's father Jeremy, whom he mended fences with with after a rollercoaster relationship
Social media exploded with reactions to the birth announcement, and many fans hailed the showbiz couple for calling the baby Jack 
'WELCOME HOME,' the singer wrote to Jack in the caption.
Notably, the couple didn't clarify when their son was born.
Hailey reposted the photo to her Instagram Stories shortly after Justin's initial post.
She captioned it with a teddy bear emoji and a blue heart, writing, 'Jack Blues.'
The name 'Jack' appears to have personal significance for the lovebirds, as it is the middle name of Justin father Jeremy Bieber.
Jeremy split from Justin's mother Pattie shortly after his birth in Ontario, Canada, when both were just 18. 
The hitmaker initially saw little of his father as a child, but the two reconnected and have spent significantly more time together since Justin became an adult, solidifying their father–son relationship.
Hailey has largely been out of the public spotlight in nearly a month, as she has not been pictured out in public since July 31, and doesn't appear to have posted a new photo featuring her baby bump since August 2.
She and her husband were prepared for Jack's birth, as a source told People late last month that the two were 'ready to become parents.'
'They're planning for the baby's arrival and it's very cute,' they said.
Hailey reposted the photo to her Instagram Stories shortly after Justin's initial post. She captioned it with a teddy bear emoji and a blue heart, writing, 'Jack Blues.'
Hailey has largely been out of the public spotlight in nearly a month, as she has not been pictured out in public since July 31, and doesn't appear to have posted a new photo featuring her baby bump since August 2
Late last month, a source told People Justin and Hailey were 'planning' for the birth and were 'ready to become parents' after they leaned on their Christian faith for support following divorce rumors that had dogged them; pictured in October 2023 in LA
The couple received an influx of congratulatory comments from their famous pals, including Kylie Jenner, Chris Pratt, Ice Spice, Katy Perry and Khloe Kardashian
The 'very religious' couple were said to have leaned on their Christian faith and their church community for support as Jack's birth approached.
The insider added that Hailey was 'fiercely protective of her and Justin's growing tribe,' following reports that she was not currently 'close' with her family.
However, Hailey told W Magazine that she wasn't 'close' because she had become 'very independent' and launched her own family.
Her pregnancy was only known to the public for a relatively short time, as she managed to keep it hidden for an astounding six months.
In her W Magazine profile, she revealed that she 'stayed small for a long time,' which made it easier to delay her pregnancy news.
'I didn't have a belly, really, until I was six months pregnant, which was when I announced it. I was able to wear big jackets and stuff,' she explained. 
Although she mused that she 'probably could have hid it until the end,' she admitted she didn't enjoy the 'stress' that came from the secrecy, and she didn't care for 'not being able to enjoy my pregnancy outwardly.'
She added that it 'didn't feel good' to hide such a major secret.
Hailey went an astounding six months before revealing she was pregnant, which she told W Magazine she was able to do because she stayed small for so long
She finally went public with her pregnancy reveal on May 9, 2024, when she shared photos of herself and Justin renewing their marriage vows in Hawaii. She showed her burgeoning baby bump in a gorgeous white lace dress
'I wanted the freedom to go out and live my life,' Hailey declared.
She finally went public with her pregnancy reveal on May 9, 2024, when she shared photos of herself and Justin renewing their marriage vows in Hawaii.
The images revealed her burgeoning baby bump in her gorgeous white lace dress as Justin cradled her tummy. 
Although the couple looked over the moon when they revealed Hailey's pregnancy in main, Justin was said to look haggard and stressed when he did a perfunctory performance of some of his hits at the incredibly opulent wedding of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant in Mumbai, India.
Earlier this month, a source exclusively told DailyMail.com that Bieber was desperate for the wedding performance's $10 million payday due to Hailey's extravagant spending in recent months.
'Hailey is a seriously high spender,' they alleged. 'She has spent tens of millions on private jets to fly around the world, including once taking a plane just to get her nails done at a particular manicurist.
They added that Justin was allegedly 'isolated from his friends and family.' 
Bieber was said to be 'miserable,' and he had allegedly lost 'his identity, creative drive' and was 'uninspired.'
Bieber's last LP was in 2021, and he hasn't toured since an aborted run in 2022. In January 2023 he sold his entire catalog for $200M to Hipgnosis Songs Capital, but he will now no longer profiting from all of his preexisting music
The singer's last LP was released in 2021, and he hasn't played a significant number of shows since cutting off a tour prematurely in 2022 over health concerns following a struggle with facial paralysis caused by the neurological disorder Ramsay Hunt syndrome.
Bieber's income was drastically shaken up in January 2023, when he sold the rights to his entire song catalog for $200 million to Hipgnosis Songs Capital.
The practice has become extremely common with older music legends — including Bob Dylan, Neil Young and Bruce Springsteen — selling all or part of their publishing rights to large firms for lump sum payouts.
However, those artists are nearing the end of their careers, whereas Bieber likely has decades ahead of him.
Now, he will no longer profit off his previous music going forward.
Bieber still retains the rights to any future music he records, though, so any addition hits will create a new source of ongoing profits.
'Justin was advised against selling. Hailey played a part in convincing him to do it,' a source claimed.
An insider also alleged that Hailey had forced Justin to buy her a second engagement ring, this time an 18-carat oval-cut ring estimated to cost $1.5 million, which she wore with her original 10-carat ring, which was estimated to have cost around $600,000.
An insider told DailyMail.com that Justin allegedly caved to Hailey's request for a second, much more opulent diamond ring for their vow renewal ceremony in May, over the objections of others close to him
They dated briefly in 2015 and 2016 before getting together again in June 2018 and getting engaged that July. Justin and Hailey wed secretly in September 2018 but put on a much larger ceremony for friends and family in South Carolina in September 2018; seen in 2021 in NYC
Hailey allegedly told her husband it was a necessity for her to renew her vows, and even though he was against the purchase, he eventually gave in.
Justin and Hailey's first try at love was a brief dating stint over about two months in late 2015 and early 2016, though they later got back together in June 2018 and got engaged in July of that year. 
The couple were later revealed to have had a secret civil marriage in September 2018.
Justin and Hailey subsequently celebrated their love with a much larger ceremony for friends and family in South Carolina in September 2019. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group