Usher has told Justin Bieber to "savour" the "magic moments".
The 30-year-old pop superstar's model wife Hailey Bieber, 27, gave birth to their first child, Jack Blues Bieber, last month, and the "Yeah!" hitmaker - who signed Justin to his record label Raymond Braun Media Group in 2008 - has offered some advice to the new dad. Usher - who has four children - told E!: "Just love and enjoy this moment, savour these moments.
"Between the first and the third months, these are the magic moments." Usher sharing his tips for Justin as he embarks on his new chapter as a father comes after he recently recalled being at "war" with Justin Timberlake over signing the "Sorry" hitmaker.
The 45-year-old singer revealed he and Justin, 43, both wanted to do a deal with an Internet viral sensation in the early-2000s. Usher told People: "When you are at the top of your game, some of the greatest things will be presented to you, and it was, I think, right after (my album) 'Confessions' that I was introduced to Justin Bieber and Scooter Braun (who became Justin's manager.)
"I presented Scooter an offer that I felt like he couldn't resist. We built a friendship, but this would obviously create a partnership that would span us forever, and it was a bit of a bidding war between me and Justin Timberlake." Usher's label with Scooter Braun ended up victorious.
He added: "I was like, 'I'm not certain that I could understand each and every producer that this artist could benefit from, but what I can tell you is, I'm going to give you my passion, and I'm going to give you every bit of what I have to offer.'" Usher is adamant there is no bitterness between him and Justin, insisting he has "always wanted to do a record" with the former *NSYNC singer.
He added: "I have reached out many times, but we've never managed to make it happen. I am motivated by people like Justin. I think that he is an amazing performer, and I think that he has a legacy that should be respected and not compared to anybody else."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.