Dad-to-be Justin Bieber has already earned a new nickname from Hailey Bieber.
The pregnant model gave her husband a special shoutout in the comments section of a series of pics the singer shared of himself.
"Daily selfies," Justin captioned the May 30 Instagram post. "Might delete."
Hailey responded, "Do not delete!!!!!!" before writing in a separate comment, "Baby daddy."
The married couple announced May 9 that the Rhode founder is pregnant with their first child, sharing a video and pics of themselves from a vow renewal ceremony in Hawaii and an accompanying maternity photo shoot. In the snaps, Hailey showcased her baby bump in a white, lace Saint Laurent dress.
The 27-year-old and Justin, 30, first tied the knot at a New York City courthouse in September 2018 after rekindling their on-and-off romance that summer. The following year, the two exchanged vows again in a larger wedding with family and friends in South Carolina.
While the couple has not shared Hailey's due date, E! News has confirmed that she is in her second trimester and set to give birth in late summer.
Meanwhile, the two have been traveling. They recently enjoyed a trip to Japan, as seen in pics Justin shared on Instagram May 24.
A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber)
Along the way, the model has provided updates on her pregnancy journey, sharing that she's been experiencing cravings.
Her biggest one, she wrote on Instagram May 15, is "egg salad on top of a pickle with hot sauce." She added, "And no, you're not allowed to judge!!!"
Hailey has also showcased a number of chic maternity looks while expecting. Read on to see her baby bump styles...
Parents to Be
Amid her pregnancy, Hailey Bieber bared her growing baby bump in an open blouse and oversized blazer while visiting Japan with husband Justin Bieber.
Summer Styling
Hailey kept things cool but chic in the July summer heat with a baby tee and overalls. 
A Vision in Beige
The beauty mogul rocked this monochromatic look at a June pop-up for her brand in NYC.
Kiss Me
The couple—who married in a September 2018 courthouse ceremony before tying the knot again a year later at a lavish wedding—shared a sweet kiss in their vacation photos in May 2024.
Family for Real
Hailey captioned the pictures on Instagram Story, "Mom n Dad fr."
Maternity Style
The model snapped a closet selfie of her maternity 'fit in this photo shared on the Rhode Skin Instagram account June 19.
Rhode to Motherhood
Hailey showed off her baby bump in an ivory two-piece while visiting the Rhode Skin offices.
Peek-a-Boo
Her baby bump played peek-a-boo in this all-black ensemble.
Babymoon
During their Japan trip, Hailey—clad in white crop top—and Justin visited artist Takashi Murakami‘s sculpture outside of the Kyocera Museum of Art in Kyoto.
Mellow Yellow
The Rhode Skin founder showed off her baby belly in a yellow baby tee, which matched perfectly with her knitted bucket hat. 
Sheer Genius
Hailey donned a see-through top and bralette—as well as a statement necklace bearing her and Justin's last initials—during a night out in Los Angeles.
Leather Look
Hailey proved that maternity style can have an edge to it, rocking a cropped leather jacket with low-rise trousers.
Lovely in Lace
The model's baby bump played peek-a-boo in this see-through, lace dress.
Comfy and Casual
Hailey kicked back in an oversized T-shirt and baseball cap during her pregnancy.
Butterfly Effect
She donned a pink butterfly top and low-rise blue jeans in a series of Instagram photos shared in May 2024.
Model Behavior
The Y2K-inspired top inspired Hailey to pose for an impromptu photo shoot.
Bumpin' Along
In the snaps, Hailey cradled her baby bump as she looked toward the horizon.
Vision in White
Hailey wore a lacy Saint Laurent gown to renew her vows with Justin in Hawaii. The couple announced their pregnancy on May 9, sharing footage from the intimate ceremony.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.