By BRIDIE PEARSON-JONES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:08, 13 July 2024   |  Updated:  17:07, 13 July 2024   
 1.2k
View  comments
Boris Johnson was among the well-heeled guests attending the wedding of the century in Mumbai on Friday.
The former Prime Minster, 60, was joined by his wife Carrie, 36, and their three children as they headed into  16,000-capacity Jio World Convention Centre.
 After seven long months of extravagant pre-wedding celebrations and festivities, Anant Ambani, the son of India's richest man, finally wed pharmaceutical heiress Radhika Merchant in a grand star-studded ceremony.
Alongside A-list celebrities , and political and business leaders Boris and Carrie brought their three children Wilf, four, Romy, two, and Frank, one, who all opted for traditional Indian dress.
Meanwhile Boris, wore a smart suit and green tie as he sweetly carried his youngest son into the venue.
Later, he danced the night away with Wilf on his shoulders while greeting other wedding guests.
Carrie Johnson stunned in a silver lehenga on Friday as she joined her husband Boris and their three children at the wedding of the century in Mumbai
Boris Johnson was among the well-heeled guests attending the wedding of the century in Mumbai on Friday, dancing the night away with his son on his shoulders
Here come the Johnsons'! Carrie and Boris took their three young children to the party
Boris Johnson was among the well-heeled guests attending the wedding of the century in Mumbai on Friday
The former Prime Minster, 60, was joined by his wife Carrie, 36, and their three children as they headed into 16,000-capacity Jio World Convention Cent re.
Alongside A-list celebrities , and political and business leaders Boris and Carrie brought their three children Wilf, four, Romy, two, and Frank, one, who all opted for traditional Indian dress.
Waving his arms in the air, Boris showed off his best dad dancing moves while partying with other guests. 
Carrie meanwhile stunned in a silver lehenga  as she held hands with Romy and Wilf.
The 36-year-old wife of the former Prime Minister shared a behind the scenes looks of the nuptials, which included a huge flower sculpture of a tiger inside the lavish venue.
Dressed by Bollywood stylist Leepakshi Ellawadi, Carrie added a cape to the silver dress, which included ornate detail and embroidery.
The former Tory PR chief showed off her toned stomach and arms in the snap while adding layers of jewelry to the look. 
Carrie styled her hair in gentle curls while tying half of it back in a traditional wedding look.
Carrie also showed off the back angle of the gown showing more intricate detail
Dressed by Bollywood stylist Leepakshi Ellawadi, Carrie added a cape to the silver dress, which included ornate detail and embroidery
Her three young children Wilf, four, Romy, two, and Frank, one, all opted for traditional Indian dress
Carrie and Boris joined dozens of well-heeled guests at the lavish party.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair and his wife Cherie were also in attendance, alongside Kim and Khloe Kardashian, wrestler Jon Cena and Nick and Priyanka Chopra-Jonas.    
The glamorous, long-awaited event is reported to have cost around a staggering £250million - without taking into account the couple's estimated £100million accumulation of luxury wedding gifts and the hosting of several of the world's most followed A-list celebrities.
Latest images from the wedding scenes show the bride draped in a heavy cream and red Indian bridal dress - called a lengha, adorned in jewels and a beaded headscarf as she holds hands with her new husband, Anant.  
The happy groom was pictured beaming down at his new wife while donning a red beaded jacket - called a nehru - as the pair tied the knot in a traditional Hindu ceremony at the Ambani-owned, 16,000-capacity Jio World Convention Center.
Police reportedly closed off roads surrounding the venue ahead of the massive star-studded wedding celebration that took place this afternoon.
Romy, two, looked pretty in pink in a lehenga
Anant Ambani, left, the son of billionaire Mukesh Ambani, holds hands with Radhika Merchant during their wedding ceremony at Jio World Convention Centre in Mumbai, India, Friday, July 12, 2024
The pair were seen making their wedding rounds during their traditional Hindu celebration
Radhika Merchant pictured in her bridal gown known as a lengha
The bride beamed at the camera in her glamorous wedding dress ahead of tying the knot with the son of India's richest man
Radhika's stunning lengha had a huge golden train and matching headscarf, known as a chunni 
The new bride stunned with natural makeup and a statement red lip to match her stunning dress
Radhika smiled at the camera during a wedding photoshoot ahead of her big day
Anant Ambani (left), the son of India’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani tied the knot with Radhika Merchant (right), the daughter of a wealthy pharmaceutical mogul in a traditional Hindu ceremony in Mumbai this afternoon
The happy groom arrived at his wedding donning an opulently designed jacket - believed to be called a nehru - along with a pair of crisp white trousers
The groom and his father Mukesh Ambani walk hand in hand and appeared elated ahead of the big day
He posed alongside his proud parents; the managing director of Reliance Industries Mukesh Ambani and his wife Nita Ambani, chairperson of the Reliance Foundation
John Cena arrived at the multi-million pound wedding of Anant Ambani, the son of India ’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani and Radhika Merchant in Mumbai
Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra arrived for the wedding in glamorous ensembles  
Global President of Huda Beauty, Mona Kattan, and her husband Hassan Elamin were also invited to the wedding 
The proud father of the groom, billionaire Mukesh Ambani (centre), posed on the carpet with members of his family, including (left to right) his son Akash, daughter-in-law Shloka, daughter Isha and son-in-law Anand Piramal
Along with the extravagant jacket, Anant wore crisp white trousers and a pair of trainers featuring an extravagant gold logo.  
Earlier in the day he posed alongside his proud parents; the managing director of Reliance Industries Mukesh Ambani and his wife Nita Ambani, chairperson of the Reliance Foundation.
The Ambani family and a list of Bollywood stars were among the first guests photographed on the grand nuptial's lavish pink carpet.
The India-born actress, 41, turned up the glamour in an orange bralette and matching skirt which she accessorised with a sparkling choker and bracelets. 
Her brunette locks were styled in waves and fell just below her shoulders while her make-up was elegantly simple, save for pink blush and a matte rose lip.
Nick Jonas, 31, looked dashing in a pink sparkling nehru as he joined his stunning wife for a loved up display on the pink carpet.
Kim Kardashian stepped out in her second look of the day - a show stopping ruby red outfit - ahead of the grand event later this evening.
The influencer, 43 - who earlier stunned in white while enjoying a rickshaw ride with sister Khloe, 40, looked glam in a sparking red lehenga with tassels and a high waisted skirt.
The reality star accessorized with stacked diamond necklaces and wore a diamond pendant which rested on her forehead. Her hair was styled in natural looking waves and her makeup was camera ready.
Khloe Kardashian wowed in an intricately beaded cream and gold two-piece with matching sash. She accessorised the look with statement gold jewellery set around her neck and face. She topped it off with a pair of stylish black sunglasses.
Kim Kardashian has stepped out for the elaborate ceremony in a sparking red lehenga with tassels and a high waisted skirt.
Khloe Kardashian wowed in an intricately beaded cream and gold two-piece with matching sash. Both sisters were spotted leaving from Taj to attend the Anant Ambani grand wedding
Kim and Khloe Kardashian were spotted joining in with the wedding celebrations, with the sisters looking stunning in white and nude ensembles and bindis on their foreheads
The UK former Prime Minister Tony Blair was also spotted at the glam event alongside his wife Cherie Blair
Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan and his wife Gauri Khan pose for photographs as they attend the wedding of Anant Ambani
Indian actor Hrithik Roshan poses for photographs as he attends the wedding of Anant Ambani
Amitabh Bachchan was also spotted at the wedding donning a glitzy jacket and his statement glasses 
Indian cricket player Yuzvendra Chahal (L) poses with his wife Dhanashree Verma as they arrive to attend the wedding ceremony of billionaire tycoon and Chairman of Reliance Industries Mukesh Ambani's son Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant in Mumbai
Indian cricket player Jasprit Bumrah (R) poses with his wife Sanjana Ganesan at the glitzy wedding ceremony
Indian actress and daughter of actor Chunky Panday, Ananya Panday, stuns in an extravagant yellow glitter two-piece
The actress further celebrated the couple by adding a personal message to the back of her outfit which read: 'Anant's brigade'
Khun Ying Patama Leeswadtrakul, naging director of GSTEL, and husband Somsak Leeswadtrakul were also there 
Bollywood actor Sara Ali Khan poses with her brother Ibrahim Ali Khan at the wedding of billionaire Mukesh Ambani's Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant in Mumbai
Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra look into each other's eyes lovingly as they pose for snaps 
Bollywood actor Riteish Deshmukh poses with his wife Genelia at the lavish wedding
Bollywood actor Disha Patani puts on a stunning display as she arrives for the wedding 
Bollywood music composer and singer AR Rahman poses for a photograph with his wife Saira Banu
Actor Rajkummar Rao and his wife Patralekha Paul arrived at the wedding. They looked stunning in red and cream ensembles
John Cena donned a sky blue jacket which featured a grey floral pattern and silver buttons. He teamed the dress coat with white trousers and brown leather loafers.
FIFA president Gianni Infantino and his wife Leena Al Ashqar were also spotted at the wedding. The Italian-Swiss football administrator donned all black while his Lebanese wife looked glamorous in a tailored saree.
Mukesh Ambani was also seen on the carpet with members of his family, including his son Akash, daughter-in-law Shloka, daughter Isha and son-in-law Anand Piramal.
Earlier on sisters Kim and Khloe Kardashian were spotted joining in with the pre-wedding celebrations; with the SKIMS founder making a bold move by slipping into a bridal white ensemble ahead of the grand nuptials.
Taking to Instagram, Kim shared a glimpse of her glamorous wedding look, which consisted of a white off-the-shoulder crop top and a matching skirt as she and Khloe boarded a rickshaw to head to the ceremony.
Khloe also showed off her incredible figure in a sexy nude dress, with both stars also sporting bindis on their foreheads ahead of the Hindu wedding. 
FIFA president Gianni Infantino and his wife Leena Al Ashqar cut a stylish display as they posed on the pink carpet
Bollywood actor Madhuri Dixit looks glamorous as she poses for photographs at the star-studded event 
Indian actress Khushi Kapoor looked stunning in a green ensemble as she arrived at the event 
More women of Bollywood descended on the hottest wedding of the year, including the stunning Kriti Sanon who opted for an intricately-designed crop top, flowing skirt and shawl
Shanaya Kapoor, daughter of esteemed actors Sanjay Kapoor and Maheep Sandhu wore a strikingly similar outfit to that of Ananya Panday's. Shanaya looked ethereal in the blue glittering number
Earlier on Kim Kardashian, Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra were seen arriving in Mumbai ahead of what could be India's biggest wedding this year.
The entrepreneur - who recently caused a stir by featuring Euros star Jude Bellingham in a skimpy SKIMS ad - was spotted waving to fans alongside her sister Khloe Kardashian.
It appeared the mother-of-four, 43, opted to go braless in a green halter-neck dress, while Khloe, 40, chose a more casual fit, including a white crop top and patchwork jeans.
Priyanka Chopra and her husband Nick Jonas were also photographed arriving in India's largest city, with the actress showing off her playful side by making a hilarious sign to the cameras.
The couple appeared laid back in loose fitted two-pieces, which each bore distinctive design patterns. They were seen waving to cameras as they disembarked from their vehicle with security. 
Veteran actor Sanjay Dutt (pictured left) donned a suave navy blue look and black loafers for the wedding and actor Varun Dhawan (pictured right) looked stylish as they arrived at the event 
Actress Sara Ali Khan and her brother Ibrahim Ali Khan also pose for photos on the pink carpet
Nick Jonas holds Priyanka Chopra's hand on on the day of the wedding of Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant in Mumbai
Businessman and former group chief executive of BP, Bob Dudley, looked smart in a royal blue dress jacket and black trousers
Anant Ambani's wedding to Radhika Merchant is geared to be one of the most lavish weddings ever witnessed and gets underway today. The happy couple were expected to receive more than £100 million worth of gifts to mark the extravagant festivities.
Workers began preparations this morning at India's iconic JIO World Convention center, including the stageing of an extravagant red carpet and opulent decor.
The area features lush silver panels, cream-coloured walls, stunning candle arrangements and fresh flower bouquets. Workers were photographed cleaning the area ahead of the events VVIP guests. 
And it seems security will be tight for the lavish event, as magician and Britain's Got Talent contestant Lewis Fuller spoke to FEMAIL about his experience performing at Akash Ambani's wedding in 2019.
'At the events I had a security escort assigned to me, he was with me 24/7, he would even walk me to the bathroom and wait outside - that felt like a pretty bizarre situation for a young lad from Kent,' he said. 
Lewis, who is making his Ed Fringe debut at the Gilded Balloon in August with his new magic, music & comedy show: Ungentlemanly Conduct, added: 'I first performed for the Ambani family at the pre-wedding celebration party at one of the family homes.
Actor Arjun Kapoor was also in attendance as celebrations kick off in Mumbai 
Shah Rukh Khan's son Aryan Khan and daughter Suhana Khan walked the pink carpet. The pair look ethereal in a shining gold gown and all-black suit
'It was so massive and jaw-droppingly beautiful, it was like another world. As I arrived, we went through numerous security procedures and I noticed there were armed guards outside the home.
'The majority of the guests and performers were not allowed to have their mobile phones with them, but I use my phone in some magic tricks, so I was one of the few people allowed to keep mine.'
The ostentatious event will last three days and is estimated to have cost a staggering £100 million with the guest list including the likes of Meta chief Mark Zuckerberg, Ivanka Trump, Bill Gates; David and Victoria Beckham, and other industry titans; as well as Bollywood stars, pop stars and leading politicians.
Justin Bieber performed at a pre-wedding party for guests known as a ‘Sangeet’ and was paid a reported £7 million while according to sources, Adele, Drake or Lana Del Rey will provide the entertainment at a reception on Sunday evening.
Mr Ambani, 67, who is listed by Forbes as the world’s ninth richest man and worth £100 billion has already gifted the couple a £62 million luxurious villa on Palm Jumeriah in Dubai which spans 3,000 square feet, has ten bedrooms, and comes with its own private beach. 
Bollywood actress Katrina Kaif and her husband Vicky Kaushal opted for red and cream ensembles respectively
Cricketer Hardik Pandya was also seen on the pink carpet
The area features lush silver panels, cream-coloured walls, stunning candle arrangements and fresh flower bouquets
The couple were also given a £500,000 Bentley Continental GTC Speed and a dazzling array of custom-made jewellery and clothes worth millions of pounds.
Mr Ambani’s glamorous wife Nita, 60 gifted her daughter-in-law a stunning pearl and diamond choker, worth an estimated £10 million which is just one of dozens of bespoke multi-million-pound pieces made for her. Anant was given a £2 million Cartier brooch.
Specialist weavers in India have spent the past few months making a series of rare silk sarees using gold and silver thread valued at more than £100,000 each.
One weaver told MailOnline that they had received an order for 100 of them.
The Ambanis also reportedly booked 100 private jets to fly their illustrious guests from around the world to India for the festivities and all five-star hotels in Mumbai have been booked out for their stay, which is being paid for by the family.
Insiders estimated that once all aspects of the wedding are taken into account, from travel arrangements to hotels, gifts, clothing, food and entertainment the final cost could be close to a stunning £500 million.
One insider told MailOnline: ‘The figures are truly astonishing and hard to believe. But when it comes to this wedding, literally no expense has been spared.
‘It has been in the planning for more than a year and hundreds of people have been working on it because the Ambanis want this to be a wedding the world will never forget. They are not shy to show off their wealth, especially when it comes to family occasions, and this is a ridiculously expensive wedding party that has lasted many months.’
Justin Bieber arrived in India last week to perform at yet another one of the billionaire couple's festivities. He was escorted through crowded streets before being driven in a Rolls Royce to Anant's family home
Justin Bieber posted a set of photos with Anant Ambani and Radhika Merchant following his performance
MailOnline reported Rhianna was paid £5million to do the 'bare minimum' for a 90-minute set at the couple's three day celebration in March
In March, three days of pre-wedding festivities in the western Indian town of Jamnagar saw Rihanna perform for guests. She was paid £5 million for a 90-minute appearance.
And in preparation for this week’s celebrations Mr Ambani hired a luxury cruise liner called Celebrity Ascent for 800 guests who embarked on a four-day Mediterranean cruise and enjoyed private performances from stars like Katie Perry, Pitbull, and the Backstreet Boys.
All the stunning costumes for the bride and members of both families were designed by Manish Malhotra, India’s leading designer who is also the wedding’s creative director.
He has been working closely with Mrs Ambani who is one of the country’s leading philanthropists and has been the driving force behind the look and feel of the occasion.
The traditional marriage ceremony gets underway at 3pm India time with a ‘baraat’ which is a procession made up of the groom and his friends and family who will be dancing while accompanied by live musicians.
They will make their way to Mumbai’s Jio World Convention Centre, a sprawling cultural and business hub with a capacity for 16,000 people which was built by the Ambani family and where all three days of festivities will take place.
The wedding ceremony will be conducted by Hindu priests chanting ancient Sanskrit verses and the couple will walk around a sacred fire. They will also take seven vows to solemnise their marriage.
On Saturday, a traditional ‘divine blessings ceremony’ known as ‘The Shubh Aashirwad’ will take place at the same venue which will also host a glitzy reception on Sunday.
The dates for the ceremonies were chosen by a Hindu priest according to auspicious days on Anant and Radhika’s birth charts. They are both aged 29.
Around 100 chefs will prepare a range of Indian and European delicacies for guests who were all been given instructions on what to wear to keep in line with the theme of the wedding.
Guests attending this weekend’s events will also be given gift boxes containing a range of opulent items.
During the pre-wedding celebrations in March, guests received Louis Vuitton bags, specially designed duffle bags, gold necklaces, high-end footwear, luxurious nightwear, and handcrafted scented candles.
Anant Ambani, born on April 10, 1995, in Mumbai, is the youngest son of Mukesh Ambani. 
He is an Indian business leader and serves as a Director on the Board of Jio Platforms Limited since March 2020. 
He is also a Director on the Boards Reliance Retail Ventures Limited since May 2022 and Reliance New Energy Limited and Reliance New Solar Energy Limited since June 2021. 
He has also been actively involved in the management of sporting events such as the Indian Premier League, particularly with the Mumbai Indians team owned by Reliance Industries.
An upcoming luxury resort hotel project named Anantvilas is a collaborative venture between Reliance Industries (RIL) and the Maker Group. The hotel¿s name, Anantvilas, honours Anant¿s contributions and association with the project.
Anant¿s wealth includes ownership of Antilia, one of the world¿s most recognizable private residences. 
His family possesses valuable real estate assets such as a beach-side villa in Palm Jumeirah, Dubai, the Stoke House in London, and the Mandarin Oriental in New York City. 
Anant¿s net worth includes assets such as the Indian Premier League (IPL) team Mumbai Indians.
He and his family wealth is estimated to be at $113.5 billion. 
Anant has two siblings, Akash and Isha, and is viewed as one of the heirs to the Reliance Industries empire. 
Anant attended the Dhirubhai Ambani International School in Mumbai. He then undertook his undergraduate studies at Brown University in Rhode Island.
This is where Anant and Radhika will live, keeping in line with Indian tradition for couples to remain with the groom’s family after their marriage.
Radhika is the daughter of Indian pharmaceuticals tycoon Viren Merchant and works for his company while Anant is employed by his father.
Both studied at universities in the US and met through mutual friends in 2017 and began dating soon after.
Mr Ambani has two other children and is chairman of Reliance Industries, India’s biggest company by market capitalisation with extensive interests in energy, telecommunications and entertainment.
In 2018 he threw his daughter, Isha, the most expensive wedding India had ever seen at the time which cost a reported £80 million.
Beyonce performed and guests attended receptions in Italy’s Lake Como, as well as Mumbai and Rajasthan.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group