We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
Who wore it first?
EastEnders spoilers follow.
EastEnders has aired a throwback reference to Justin Bieber's resemblance to Peter Beale.
When Thomas Law originally played Peter from 2006 to 2010, fans couldn't help but notice the resemblance to the 'Yummy' popstar during the early years of Bieber's fame.
The soap referred to the similarities during Monday's (January 8) episode, when Lauren Branning reunited with Peter in Albert Square after her drugs arrest last week.
Related: EastEnders - How did Abi Branning die?
Lauren and Peter had a moment to catch up, reminiscing on how they first got together in Walford as teenagers so many years ago.
"You used to be cute, didn't you, with your little fake Justin Bieber hair," Lauren quipped.
Peter then pointed out: "I think you'll find I had [that hair] first, actually."
Justin Bieber may have a different recollection of the facts – though he is aware of the similarities between himself and the soap heartthrob.
Back in 2010, Bieber revealed that he'd been mistaken for Thomas Law while he was in London to perform on The X Factor.
Related: EastEnders star Jacqueline Jossa opens up over anxiety and therapy sessions
"Some girls asked for my autograph and then said, 'We love you in EastEnders'," he told The Sun at the time.
"I'd never heard of the show. So I Googled the actor and I guess there are worse people to be compared with."
Thomas Law returned to the soap last year after 13 years away, during which time Peter was played by future Hollywood star Ben Hardy and most recently Dayle Hudson.
Jacqueline Jossa arrived back on the Square as Lauren Branning on New Year's Day as a regular cast member for the first time since 2018.
EastEnders airs on Mondays - Thursdays at 7.30pm on BBC One. The show also streams on BBC iPlayer, where most episodes drop early at 6am ahead of their TV broadcast. 
Read more EastEnders spoilers on our dedicated homepage
Anticipated horror movie gets first trailer
Corrie to air major change in Dee-Dee baby plot
EastEnders reveals heartbreak as The Vic reopens
Our Yorkshire Farm star on "scary" family decision
Emmerdale rebound fling ahead for Ross Barton
Death in Paradise shares big new-season update
Corrie villain to return despite death plot
Perfect series finally added to free UK streaming
David Arquette breaks silence on Scream 7 return
Watch out for the BBC's new Welsh-set thriller
Dannii Minogue reflects on toll X Factor took
Emmerdale first look as Gail's exit story begins
DIGITAL SPY, PART OF THE HEARST UK ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK
We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England. All Rights Reserved.