By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  14:34, 31 July 2024   |  Updated:  14:59, 31 July 2024   
 85
View  comments
Selena Gomez was 'so depressed' in her 'It Girl era'.
The singer, 32, is happily settled with her 36-year-old music producer boyfriend Benny Blanco, whom she has been dating since June 2023.
And she has now reflected on how unhappy she was in her youth, which included her getting photographed by paparazzi while dating her ex Justin Bieber.
She opened up about how she had the blues at the time in a reaction to throwback footage of herself posted on social media showing her getting snapped by photographs and posing with a fan.
The TikTok clip was set to her ex Justin's song Company, with a caption the video saying: 'I know and so do you that at the time she would never have gotten engaged to Benny (Blanco) (when) she was in her IT GIRL era'.
Selena Gomez was 'so depressed' in her 'It Girl era'. The singer, 32, is happily settled with her 36-year-old music producer boyfriend Benny Blanco, whom she has been dating since June 2023. And she has now reflected on how unhappy she was in her youth, which included her getting photographed by paparazzi while dating her ex Justin Bieber (seen in 2011)
She opened up about how she had the blues at the time in a reaction to throwback footage of herself posted on social media showing her getting snapped by photographs and posing with a fan; seen in 2012
Text over the video also said Selena's former self 'would never date Benny Blanco.'
Selena hit back: 'Kinda makes me laugh because I was so depressed back then lol.'
The singer dated Justin, 30, on and off for eight years and a few months after she and Justin split in 2018 he married Hailey Bieber, 27, with whom he is expecting his first child – something Selena has not publicly commented on.
Selena has told how she loves how Benny treats her, saying online in December: 'He has treated me better than any human being on this planet.'
She added to Time magazine the musician is not 'fazed' when her critics say 'the most hurtful things'.
Benny celebrated her 32nd birthday by buying her a jewel-encrusted necklace in the shape of his first initial.
Selena showed off her diamond-covered 'B' necklace – a 14-karat gold, diamond-studded piece from Los Angeles-based brand Baby Gold, which sells for $600 – in a photo posted on Instagram.
Benny commented on the image: 'I got the hottest chick in the game wearing my chain' – in reference to Jay-Z's lyric from his 'Public Service Announcement' track.
The artist from Texas is now dating Benny Blanco and says she is happier than ever
In August 2023, she made a rare remark about her love life while reflecting on channeling heartbreak into chart-topping hits.
During an interview for the Twilio SIGNAL 2023 conference the star reflected on penning her her first number one on the Billboard Hot 100, Lose You to Love Me.
'When I was going through a heartbreak, I immediately, you know, wrote my best music and wanted to be there for every woman or man or whoever, you know, going through that journey,' she said, alluding to her split from Bieber. 
The Rare Beauty founder and Canadian singer had an on-and-off romance between 2010 to 2018, before ultimately calling it quits just months ahead of his engagement to now-wife, Hailey Bieber.
Previously, the Only Murders in the Building star revealed their breakup was the 'best thing that ever happened to her' in her new Apple + documentary, My Mind & Me.
She credited their separation for forcing her to learn to 'choose herself and choose life again.' 
The split provided the inspiration for her hit 2020 song, Lose You to Love Me, with the star saying: 'Everything was so public. I felt haunted by a past relationship that no one wanted to let go of. Then I just moved past it, and I wasn't afraid anymore. 
Gomez often posts loving photos with the producer and wears a B necklace for him
'I feel like I had to go through the worst possible heartbreak ever and then just forgetting everything at the drop of the hand, it was really confusing. But I just think that needed to happen and ultimately it was the best thing that ever happened to me.'
Adding that she had written the song in just 45 minutes, she continued: 'It's about more than a lost love. It's me learning to choose myself, to choose life, but also hoping that people can find grace and peace in that too.
'The song is about knowing that you completely lost every part of who you are just to rediscover yourself again.
Selena and Justin were teenage sweethearts but had their last breakup in 2018, months before he had a courthouse marriage to Hailey.
The month after Justin married Hailey, Selena reportedly suffered a breakdown connected to her lupus and entered treatment for her mental health. 
During her latest interview, Gomez opened up about being diagnosed with her  autoimmune disease as a teenager. 
In 2023, Gomez made a rare remark about her love life while reflecting on channeling heartbreak into chart-topping hits
These days she is doing better than ever with her Rare beauty line; seen this week
Meanwhile, Justin in expecting his first child with wife Hailey Bieber, a model
'When I got diagnosed with lupus, I was around 16 or 17. It was a very brutal process, and I didn't enjoy it at all,' she recalled. 'But cut to a few years later, I was able to visit a child in the hospital, and they would not look at me until I said I have lupus too.'
The Wolves singer continued: 'And that's when I knew that that happened to me because I could do that moment.'
Even when speaking about her kidney transplant, the actress said she tries her 'hardest to' see these experiences as moments to remind other struggling that 'they're not alone.'
'I'm a work in progress, and it's just one day a time,' she added. 
Back in 2020, Gomez referred to herself as a 'victim to certain abuse' in a past relationship during an interview with NPR.
'I've found the strength in it. It's dangerous to stay in a victim mentality. And I'm not being disrespectful, I do feel I was a victim to certain abuse,' she stated. 
At the time, the performer made it clear that she was referring to emotional, not physical 'abuse.'  
Over the years, she has also been romantically linked to The Weeknd, Charlie Puth, Nick Jonas, Orlando Bloom, Niall Horan and Taylor Lautner. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group