With Hailey Bieber days away from delivery, the two met for lunch, when Justin was approached by 8 teens who began yelling and filming the singer.

							By 

	James R. Sanders

Evening & Weekend Editor

Justin Bieber wasn’t too happy with his younger fans in Beverly Hills this week when a few of them bombarded him at a hotel lobby. “Get out of here,” he could be heard saying to the younger fans,” he said. “It’s not funny bro.”
Justin got so mad!

	On Thursday, Bieber was at the Waldorf Astoria Hotel to meet his wife, Hailey who could potentially give birth this month. The teens were in the hotel for a bar mitzvah and began yelling at Bieber as they filmed the incident.

	










	The couple renewed their vows in May and announced their pregnancy via a carousel of images.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Rob49 Previews "WTHELLY" Remix Featuring Latto, Justin Bieber, And G Herbo		
			







	Both the beauty mogul/model and singer have been private about the pregnancy, keeping details on a need-to-know basis.

	“The Internet is a scary place for a pregnant woman,” Hailey Bieber said in an interview with W Magazine. “You see so many stories—traumatic birth stories, traumatic experiences—and I know that that’s very real,” she added, “I don’t want to scare myself.”

	Bieber did not have security with him while in the Waldorf.

	In her interview with W, Bieber said, “People have made me feel so bad about my relationship since day one,” Bieber went on. “‘Oh, they’re falling apart. They hate each other. They’re getting divorced.’ It’s like people don’t want to believe that we’re happy.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.