Hailey Bieber thinks some online skeptics should go and love themselves. 
The Rhode beauty founder, 28, reposted a TikTok video on Monday in an apparent clap back at social media users speculating that her marriage to Justin Bieber is in bad shape.
The original video features creator @eyegotthyme looking to the camera and saying, “You’re not well, and it’s okay,” before repeating the phrase for comedic effect.
In her repost (uploaded on her Instagram story), Bieber added a missive scrawled across the clip. 
“[M]e to all of you on the internet,” she wrote.
The model’s message followed an influx of videos shared on social media that allege her and her husband’s recent Instagram story posts are actually veiled attacks on the other. 
One video from self-described “pop culture investigator” and podcaster Sloan Hooks that has been viewed over 4 million times provides an accounting of so-called facts that many others are also spreading. 
“I just received a tip about Justin Bieber and his wife Hailey, and it doesn’t look like things are going too well,” Hooks said at the start of the video, which he posted on Sunday. 
He then pointed to screenshots of both Justin and Hailey’s Instagram stories, beginning with a post from the Grammy-winning singer that included a photo of himself paired with the song “B.E.D” by Jacquees —which Hooks described as being about a man who wants sex, not love.
Turning to an Instagram story he claimed Hailey uploaded “20 minutes later,” Hooks said the post included a snippet of “a SZA song including lyrics ‘But if it’s f— me, then f— you,'” which he implied was a dig at Justin.
Other supposed evidence of an alleged rift between the couple included a photo Hailey posted of her with her pals Lori Harvey and Justine Skye using Rhode Beauty while vacationing in Anguilla.
“So I guess maybe Justin and Hailey aren’t spending the holidays together,” Hooks fired.
The TikToker went on to claim that “things start to get messy” between the two when he showed a screenshot of a video Justin shared online with the “Coparenting is failing, like tf” written over the clip.
Hailey and Justin married in 2018 and share son Jack Blues, who was born in August. 
In his video, Hooks wondered whether the pair are “currently coparenting.”
He also pointed out a post that he claimed Justin’s dad, Jeremy Bieber, 49, recently shared on X. “I have never known a parent that said ‘I wish I didn’t have a child,'” he allegedly wrote. The post seems to have been deleted. 
Jeremy’s comment was “really weird with the timing,” Hooks said. “It’s holiday season,” he added, and “Hailey’s nowhere to be found.”
The TikToker addressed Hailey’s video on Monday, saying in a new clip, “I’m not making any assumptions about this couple.” 
“Maybe that video was directed towards him cuz you don’t know me, Hailey,” Hooks continued. 
Meanwhile, a source recently told People that Hailey and Justin don’t take all the rumors about their relationship seriously. 
“They laugh at the constant divorce rumors. It’s annoying but just noise,” the insider told the outlet.
Advertisement