Festive and fashionable, all in one look.
Getty
 Hailey Bieber is getting into the holiday spirit one festive outfit at a time. After wearing a cozy red sweater dress with sheer black stockings and pointed-toe pumps, the model upped her holiday dressing game with yet another cheery look. 

 On Saturday, Bieber attended pal Gigi Hadid's Guest In Residence store opening in Los Angeles, where she opted for a velvet two-piece set in a deep burgundy shade. On top, she wore a single-breasted blazer with a black sweater tied around her neck, and on bottom, a matching skintight miniskirt paired with sheer black tights and slingback heels. 

Getty
Getty
 She carried a coordinating black satin Prada purse and finished off her accessories with a smattering of sparkly rings. As for glam, Bieber pulled her brunette hair back into a half-up, half-down style and added shimmery eyeshadow and rosy blush to her festive beauty look. 

 Yesterday's outing marked one the Rhode founder's first major public events since welcoming her first child, a son named Jack Blues, with her husband Justin Bieber back in August. The couple announced Jack's arrival with a sweet post of his tiny feet on Instagram, writing: "Welcome Home Jack Blues Bieber." 

Justin Bieber Instagram
 Shortly following the news, a source told People that both Hailey and Justin were "overjoyed" with their new baby boy. "They're both overjoyed. The baby is such a miracle. He's adorable and doing well," the insider said, adding that the couple had been praying for the pregnancy for quite some time. 

 "The pregnancy was something that they very much wished and prayed for," they continued. "The day they found out that Hailey was pregnant was the best ever for Justin. He was over the moon with excitement. It was a big celebration for them."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)