After Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber announced the birth of their first child, son Jack Blues Bieber, several celebs shared their well wishes to the couple.
Baby Bieber is so loved already by his parents' friends.
After Justin Bieber and wife Hailey Bieber announced the birth of their first son, Jack Blues Bieber, fellow celebs such as sisters Kylie Jenner and Khloe Kardashian and Chris Pratt offered their congrats.
"I can’t handle this little foot JACK BLUES," the Kylie Cosmetics founder commented on the Biebers' Aug. 23 Instagram post, which showed Hailey touching her baby boy's left foot, while Khloe wrote, "Jack blues!!!!!! Congratulations!!!!! I love this tiny foot so so much."
Chris, whose 12-year-old son with ex-wife Anna Faris is also named Jack, commented, "Congrats guys!!! Love the name!!!"
The birth announcement post was also liked by Kylie and Khloe's mom Kris Jenner, Jennifer Aniston, Chrissy Teigen, Nikki Reed and John Mayer.
In addition, Justin's mom Pattie Mallette posted her own tribute to her first grandson. "Oh my heart. Welcome baby Jack!!" the 49-year-old wrote on her Instagram Stories. "I love you so much! Thank you Lord. What a miracle!"
She also tweeted, "CONGRATULATIONS @justinbieber & Hailey. I LOVE YOU FOREVER BABY JACK!!" Hailey's dad Stephen Baldwin responded, "Amen. Congratulations to you and may God continue to bless our family."
Justin, 30, and the model, 27, announced her pregnancy in May by posting images from a maternity shoot taken the day of their vow renewal ceremony in Hawaii.
"So I have been waiting for this day," Pattie said at the time in an Instagram video. "And now that they have shared it, I can finally celebrate with y'all. Oh my gosh, I'm gonna be a grandma! Oh my goodness."
She added, "Justin and Hailey, you are gonna be the best parents ever, and I am so excited."
Justin and Hailey had exchanged marital vows twice before. Following a whirlwind rekindled summer romance in 2018, they first tied the knot at a New York City courthouse in September of that year. They had a larger wedding with family and friends in South Carolina the following year.
Look back at Justin and Hailey's cutest pics together over the years...
Business Partners
In April 2025, Hailey Bieber shared a mirror selfie wearing a new leather jacket that she was designing to support Justin Bieber's new clothing brand Skylrk.
Colorado Getaway
Justin and Hailey had some fun in the snow while vacationing in Aspen, Colo., in January 2025.
Afternoon Stroll
Three months after welcoming their son Jack Blues Bieber, the smile-filled couple took a walk outside together.
6th Wedding Anniversary
Three weeks after Jack arrived, Justin and Hailey celebrated a relationship  milestone in September 2024.
Baby, Baby!
The Biebers announced the arrival of their first child together in August 2024.
Justin and Hailey, wearing Jordan Road earrings, shared this kissing photo on their Instagram pages in honor of their fifth wedding anniversary in 2023.
"To the most precious, my beloved." Justin wrote on Instagram. "You have captivated my heart. I know from the depths of my soul down to my bones that this journey with you will only exceed our wildest expectations. So let's keep dreaming big baby. Cheers to forever and ever. I love you with every fiber of my being. HAPPY 5TH YEAR ANNIVERSARY!!!"
"5," Hailey wrote on her Instagram to celebrate their fifth anniversary. "I love you."
The couple was over the moon in love as they got ready to take flight.
Justin and Hailey looked so darn cute cuddled up together!
The two cuddled up during an outing at the lake.
Justin and Hailey couldn't keep their hands off each other while making out in the water.
In July 2018, Justin confirmed his engagement to Hailey in a lengthy Instagram post. "Hailey I am soooo in love with everything about you! So committed to spending my life getting to know every single part of you loving you patiently and kindly," he captioned this photo. "My heart is COMPLETELY and FULLY YOURS and I will ALWAYS put you first," he continued. "You are the love of my life Hailey Baldwin and I wouldn't want to spend it with anybody else. You make me so much better and we compliment each other so well!! Can't wait for the best season of life yet!"
He also shared this shot as part of the engagement announcement, writing, "It's funny because now with you everything seems to make sense!" He added, "My goodness does feel good to have our future secured! WERE GONNA BE BETTER AT 70 BABY HERE WE GO!" Aww!
The Biebers sharing a sweet smooch. "Hunny buns punkin," Justin captioned the photo. 
The two enjoyed a very sweet smooch to celebrate their love. 
Hailey posted this sweet pic in honor of her hubby's 25 birthday. 
"My lips get jealous of my arms cuz I can hold you with them," Justin shared. We're pretty jealous too! 
Could these two be any cuter?! "My only bubba," Hailey shared about the sweet pic. 
It may be cold outside, but they know how to keep each other warm. 
This photo might be blurry, but one thing is clear—they're so in love! 
Hailey supporting her man in the studio while he does what he loves. 
Justin's pouty pucker is courtesy of his vacation ending. Very relateable! 
Once again, these two are absolutely slaying the relationship goals! "Go best friend that's my best friend," Justin captioned the pic. 
The couple who prays together, stays together. "I know for me this conference came at the exact time I needed it, I believe God is THAT amazing and faithful that he brings us the right words during the season that we need it the most," Hailey captioned the shot with her hubby.
Amazing views for the gram. The sunset is also pretty nice! 
One of their first official shots as husband and wife! 
Even in this photo taken years ago, this pair was picture-perfect.
In January 2016, the two decided they weren't going to hide their romance any longer, and this photo of them kissing quickly circulated throughout the internet.
Hailey decided to lend a helping hand in January 2015 when she gave Justin her hair-tie right off her wrist!
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.