Follow us
Some days, Hailey Bieber told me last year, her husband Justin “may want to wear baggy sweats to dinner, and I might want to wear a tiny little dress just because that’s how I’m feeling.” Other days, the Biebers may both want to wear baggy pants, or baseball caps, or oversized leather jackets. Fashionwise, they have always regarded the world as their oyster.
On a recent evening, the Biebers attended services at Churchome, the Beverly Hills megachurch led by Justin’s longtime friend and former Hillsong pastor Judah Smith. Justin layered up in a faded, oversized zip-up hoodie and a fringed black scarf that he wrapped over his head and around the sweatshirt’s hood – a new feat of dynamic sweatshirt-wearing, an art in which Bieber is well-versed. He kept things a touch more formal otherwise, in black Gucci creepers (from Sabato De Sarno’s debut menswear collection for the label) and slouchy beige slacks. Hailey wore a bright yellow argyle sweater and heeled loafers by Loewe, paired with yellow-tinted sunglasses and wide-legged, dark-wash jeans.
Days earlier, Hailey’s father Stephen Baldwin vexed fans when he reposted an Instagram Reel calling upon Christians to “offer a little prayer” for his daughter and son-in-law. If Justin’s covered-up outfit suggested any intention of keeping a low-profile, he dispelled the notion by arriving at the church in a hulking Tesla Cybertruck.
But the Biebers have always been savvy to even suboptimally timed photo ops: When they departed the service together, both of their iPhones were out and conspicuously sheathed in the recently viral lip gloss phone case from Hailey’s cosmetics line Rhode. The dove-grey silicone cases feature a small groove to hold a tube of the brand’s lip gloss in place; Hailey’s carried an espresso-hued gloss, while Bieber’s case was sadly gloss-less.
Hailey maintains her products are unisex: “Men, this is for you, too,” she told GQ. “Don’t think that my husband doesn’t use all these as well.” Perhaps Justin left his untinted Rhode balm back in the Cybertruck.
Jeremy Allen White is revving the Nike Cortez up for a second coming
15 spring menswear releases to bring your wardrobe back from the dead
Inside Netflix’s 3 Body Problem: Can it be the next Game of Thrones?
Netflix's Spaceman ending, explained: Is Hanuš real?
Benny Safdie’s The Smashing Machine could be A24’s next big sports movie
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast