The Biebers always cause commotion wherever they go.
And over the weekend, Justin and Hailey Bieber — who are expecting their first child together — took New York City by storm in a series of stylish yet mostly mismatched looks.
The “Baby” singer, 30, and his wife, 27, started things out in sartorial sync during lunch at Sadelle’s on Saturday, with Hailey opting for easy black separates elevated with a green Bottega Veneta basket bag ($9,800), Gucci sunglasses ($420) and Sandy Liang ballet flats ($550).
Justin also kept things simple, sporting a brown-and-navy polo shirt and khaki pants with a backwards green baseball hat for the day date.
Later that day, the mom-to-be bared her baby bump in a lacy, racy Alessandra Rich jumpsuit and leather trench coat — Big Apple heat wave be damned! — teamed with Saint Laurent slingbacks, a Ferragamo purse and her go-to Heaven Mayhem earrings ($100), her viral Rhode phone case clutched in one hand.
Justin seemed dressed for an entirely different destination, wearing Willy Chavarria pleated mesh shorts ($460) with a beige knit sweater, velvet trucker hat and Mary Jane-style shoes with socks.
He kept the quirky-but-comfy vibes going on Sunday, heading to Bar Pitti and a Yankees game solo in a Ouer Studio bubble shirt ($525) and baggy jean shorts. He accessorized colorfully, with orange sunglasses, a Balenciaga hat and the same socks and Mary Janes from Saturday.
Before meeting up with his wife later that day, the Biebs changed into a denim puffer vest, white tank top, baggy black shorts and blue sunglasses. He even swapped his sensible shoes for a pair of Drew House slippers ($20).
The couple, who renewed their vows in Hawaii earlier this year before announcing Hailey’s pregnancy, made an appearance at the Rhode pop-up in Soho, where the model is hawking her latest release: blush in six eye-popping shades and colorful phone cases to match.
Despite the vibrant additions to her skincare brand, Hailey went for another monochromatic moment, sporting a sheer beige LaQuan Smith dress that accentuated her bump. She added a matching blazer, slingback pumps and a Courrèges bag to the businesslike outfit, mingling amongst friends and influencers inside the store.
But mom and dad didn’t stop there — they grabbed dinner to close out a long weekend in NYC, with Hailey looking radiant in a silk satin Phoebe Philo turtleneck dress ($2,300) and matching square-toed pumps ($1,200) while Justin stuck with his casual denim-and-shorts combo.
While the couple has made headlines many times in the past for their mismatched outfits — Justin favors hoodies and sweats, while Hailey lives in dresses and heels — the beauty founder has defended their separate senses of style.
“It’s so funny because I see so many people talk about this,” she recently told GQ, which noted the duo often looks “like they’re attending events on two separate planets.”
She continued, “he may want to wear baggy sweats to dinner, and I might want to wear a tiny little dress just because that’s how I’m feeling. We can’t sit there and be like, ‘So I’m going to wear this and you’re going to wear this.‘”
Fans will have to wait and see who claims dibs on dressing baby Bieber.
Advertisement