By 

	Larisha Paul


	Music and sports’ ultimate crossover couple Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift are nominated at the one event where there could be any possible overlap in their careers: the Webby Awards. The internet-centric awards show will return with a ceremony hosted by Amber Ruffin in New York City on May 13. Kelce is nominated both solo and alongside his brother Jason Kelce, while Swift is nominated alongside fellow musicians Megan Thee Stallion, Olivia Rodrigo, Doja Cat, and more.

	The Webby Awards nominated both Kelce and Swift for Best Creator or Influencer Collaboration, Features (Social). Kelce’s nod is for a team-up with the Cheesecake Factory, and Swift is nominated for her partnership with Vote.org on National Voter Registration Day. They’re both up against Paris Hilton, Amaury Guichon, and TikTok’s Tube Girl. But even if Kelce loses out there, he’ll have another chance to win for New Heights with Jason and Travis Kelce, which is nominated in the Sports, Shows (Podcasts) category.

	










	And if they both attend the awards ceremony in person, it could mark their red carpet debut as a couple.

	Other nominees at the 28th annual Webby Awards include Lil Nas X, Victoria Monét, Sydney Sweeney, Timothée Chalamet, Trixie Mattel, Ryan Gosling, Michelle Obama, Laverne Cox, Adam Driver, Kelly Clarkson, and more. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Categories for the show span partnerships and collaborations, content series, social campaigns, game design, and newly-announced AI Apps and Experience categories, among others.

	The 2024 Webby Awards will be presented by the Academy. Nominated talent are also eligible for the Webby People’s Voice Award, a fan-voted honor. Public voting is open now via the official Webby Awards website. Voting will close on April 18. 
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.