Miley Cyrus performs onstage during the 66th Grammy Awards on Feb. 4, 2024 in Los Angeles, CA. Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy
LOS ANGELES – Shure products once again played a big role at the 66th Grammy Awards. Pictured here is Miley Cyrus, performing her Record-of-the-Year-winning song “Flowers” with a Shure 565SD vocal microphone, heard via Shure’s Axient Digital wireless technology. Along with 11,195 in Crypto.com Arena, the live Feb. 4 event was broadcast to 16.9 million viewers on CBS and Paramount+, according to Variety.
More details from Shure (www.shure.com):
The 66th GRAMMY Awards abounded with jaw-dropping – and, occasionally, tear-jerking – performances, heartfelt speeches, and plenty of good-natured razzing from the night’s host, Trevor Noah. Year after year, these influential moments on the GRAMMY stage are made possible by an expert production team who trust Shure wireless technology to ensure extraordinary audio.
“Shure’s Axient® Digital wireless technology delivers the high-quality sound and reliability that our team depends on for the GRAMMY Awards,” shared Michael Abbott, Audio Producer for the 66th GRAMMY Awards show. “Their wireless, along with the wide variety of Shure mic capsules, ensures the artists sound their best for the live broadcast.”
To flawlessly broadcast the audio of music’s biggest night worldwide to an enormous 16.9 million viewers, a stalwart group of industry veterans, including Michael, relied on 28 channels of the Emmy Award-winning Shure Axient® Digital Wireless Microphone System and eight channels of Axient Analog. Artists trusted Shure PSM® 1000 in-ear monitoring systems during their performances, with a total of 190 Shure bodypacks used throughout the evening.
Frequency coordination serves an essential role in managing the staggering amount of wireless used throughout the GRAMMYs. Working in the already frequency-dense downtown Los Angeles, Stephen Vaughn, Soundtronic’s RF Coordinator, oversaw this pivotal function with Axient Digital and, for monitoring, Wireless Workbench®.
“Shure’s Wireless Workbench and Axient Digital prove themselves year after year on the GRAMMY stage,” shared Stephen. “Tools, like Wireless Workbench, give me reliable control and flexibility in LA’s challenging RF environment.”
“Shure is the gold standard when it comes to microphones. They have proven that in my 20-plus years in the industry,” shared Jamie Pollock, Front of House (FOH) Music Engineer for the 66th GRAMMY Awards. “I use their products in the studio, on the road, and at large-scale live events such as the GRAMMY Awards.”
In addition to Stephen, Michael, and Jamie, the night’s crew included Broadcast A1, Tom Holmes, and Music Mixers Eric Schilling and John Harris. Front of House was overseen by FOH Production Mixer and ATK Project Manager Jeff Peterson.
Many artists opted to perform with the most storied microphones from the 99-year history of Shure, including the SM58® and 565SD, as well as the Company’s latest microphone innovation, the Shure KSM11.
Dua Lipa kicked off the festivities with a magic act all her own, performing a medley of her songs, including the new hit “Houdini,” while singing into a Shure KSM11 mic capsule. Later in the evening, Olivia Rodrigo would also use the KSM11 during the blood-soaked performance of her hit, “Vampire.”
Performing her Record-of-the-Year-winning song “Flowers,” Miley Cyrus clutched a Shure 565SD, which perfectly matched her silver-tassel dress and Tina Turner energy. The audience was treated to a high-spirited encore that concluded with Cyrus thrusting the mic to the ground. With Shure, microphones are designed to be military AND Miley-grade!
For her “Kill-Bill-inspired” performance, SZA also trusted a classic Shure microphone – the SM58. SZA joined a long tradition of artists who have relied on its iconic sound at the GRAMMY Awards.
Celebrating the tail-end of their residency at Las Vegas’ Sphere, U2 relied on Shure Axient Analog wireless and SM58 mic capsules.
For the GRAMMY Awards’ “In Memoriam,” the world was gifted a powerful performance from Jon Batiste, Annie Lenox, and legends Stevie Wonder and Fantasia, both of whom also trusted SM58 microphones.
Burna Boy took to the stage with a custom red Shure KSM8 and supplied a charming medley of his catalog alongside 21 Savage and Brandy. Throughout his fourth time hosting the event, Trevor Noah traveled around the stage and audience with a wireless Shure KSM9.
Finally, the legendary, Billy Joel performed his first new single in 30 years, “Turn the Lights Back On,” to the GRAMMY Awards audience while singing into a (you guessed it!) SM58.
Each of these performances, also including Billie Eilish, Tracey Chapman, and Luke Combs, were made possible with Shure’s Axient Digital wireless technology, supplied by ATK and Soundtronics. ATK also provided IEMs as well as RF for all microphones.
“We understand the importance of wireless audio across all types of live events and media production, and appreciate the challenges involved in making the creative vision for a show come to life, or ensuring a presentation goes perfectly,” said Nick Wood, Senior Director, Professional Audio Products, at Shure. “This has inspired us to continue innovating in core areas such as spectrum efficiency, wireless reliability, and user-centric design. Shure’s commitment to solving these challenges with our customers remains as strong as ever.”
“At Shure, we develop the innovative technology our customers need to take their creativity to the world’s largest stages. We’re grateful to have our gear deployed by the talented production team and artists who brought the 66th GRAMMY Awards to life,” shared Jenn Liang-Chaboud, Manager of Entertainment Relations, at Shure.
For a photo of the audio team supporting this event, go to https://fohonline.com/featured/66th-annual-grammy-awards-audio-team-collaborates-for-live-broadcast/
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
"*" indicates required fields
Δ


May 2025Articles | Digital IssueApril 2025Articles | Digital IssueMarch 2025Articles | Digital IssueFebruary 2025Articles | Digital IssueJanuary 2025Articles | Digital Issue
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC
Timeless Communications Corp.
6700 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite C
Las Vegas, NV 89119
P: (702) 932-5585
© 2025 Timeless Communications, LLC