Cinematographers are much more than a body behind the camera. To the director, they’re a confidante, mouthpiece, sounding board, supporter and translator of ideas; perhaps that’s why several of Variety’s 2024 Cinematographers to Watch cited “adaptability” as one of the most important qualities needed in their role. You’ve already seen their work on the big screen, television and in music videos and advertisements; read below about how each of this year’s honorees developed a unique and distinctive point of view that doesn’t merely execute a director’s vision, but amplifies and enhances it. — Todd Gilchrist

	“I aim to shoot impactful, memorable stories that change beliefs, are timeless and have truth,” says Baraka, the cinematographer behind projects like “In the Arena: Serena Williams,” “Behind the Curtain: Eclipsed” and the Alicia Keys documentary “Uncharted.” “I want people to walk away from stories I have created with a new understanding of the world and themselves.”

	Baraka pursued a career in healthcare following her college graduation but quickly found herself unfulfilled, so she she enrolled at the USC School of Cinematic Arts, where she contributed additional cinematography to two Emmy-nominated films, “The Hunting Ground” and “United Skates,” by the time she graduated. Baraka’s own documentary short, “Jihad in Hollywood,” was not only bought by Al Jazeera and made into a feature, but prompted a creative epiphany as she has continued working as a cinematographer.

	“That just kind of started me down the path of loving lighting people of color,” Baraka said. “I think that really stuck out for folks, because preserving the highlights and being very intentional about bringing out the skin wasn’t [something] people were mindful of.”

	Hoping to move into scripted material in the next phase of her career, Baraka says her background in documentary work has laid the foundation for that transition, citing the adaptability she learned while troubleshooting challenges for “In the Arena: Serena Williams” as excellent preparation.

	Baraka is also currently one of only six Black female Director of Photography professionals in the IATSE Local 600. She indicates that it’s given her a unique perspective in elevating voices — and bodies — of color with her cinematography.

	“I want to make sure I’m on projects that revolve around Black women,” Baraka says. “It’s extremely important to have someone behind the lens who understands what these women have experienced.” — Andres Buenahora

Reps: Agency: Alexander Creatives; Stephanie Pfingsten, Lumos PR

Influences: Tobias Schliessler, Rodrigo Prieto 

	“I really connected to the art of storytelling through a lens. That magic of taking a script and making it into a physical medium,” says Bouza, the cinematographer behind projects like “Grassland,” “The Always Sunny Podcast” and the upcoming comedy film “The Gutter.”

	The Los Angeles native studied film at DePaul University in Chicago before working in the camera and electrical departments for television series like “Jane the Virgin,” “Brooklyn Nine-Nine” and “Chicago P.D.”

	“I kind of hit that point where I really wanted to be creative again,” Bouza says of her decision to transition to a career in cinematography. “I just started slowly working my way up, shooting bigger and bigger projects, going back to the union level.”

	Bouza describes cinematography as a career that is defined by one’s ability to adapt, particularly given the ever-evolving changes of camera and lighting technology. She says she hopes to keep shooting films of different genres, referencing Spike Lee and Ernest Dickerson, the Coen brothers and Roger Deakins, and Barry Jenkins and James Laxton as some of the director-cinematographer duos who inspire her.

	“Each story is a new opportunity to challenge myself to bring a story to life authentically,” Bouza says. “This career is a snowball effect, with one job leading to another. It takes time, but I’ll get there.”

	Bouza likens her latest feature “The Gutter,” which premiered at South By Southwest in 2024, as a combination of “Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby” and “Kingpin.” “There is beauty in collaboration and in exploring how they adapt their visual language from project to project,” Bouza said. “Although ‘The Gutter’ is an absurd comedy, Paul Thomas Anderson [and] Robert Elswit’s dynamic work on ‘Boogie Nights’ was one of our primary visual references. Comedies can look good, too.” — A.B.

Reps: Agency: Worldwide Production Agency

Influences: Rodrigo Prieto, Janusz Kaminski and Lawrence Sher 

	After shooting Sundance 2021 award-winner “Ma Belle, My Beauty,” and various segments of “Ziwe” Season 2, Guiteras’ most recent project, “Dandelion,” premiered at South by Southwest in March 2024. Directed by Nicole Riegel, the film follows a disillusioned singer-songwriter who becomes entangled with a guitarist who abandoned his own music career years prior.

	“It was a different experience from the other films I had done,” Guiteras said. “It was my first feature on film, my second feature in general. So that was a very exciting opportunity.”

	From adolescence, Lauren Guiteras knew she wanted to be a cinematographer. Growing up on the outskirts of South Florida, she was “obsessed” with photography and often stole her mom’s Rebel T3-I still camera to go shoot anything she could. After attending Northwestern, Guiteras went to grad school at AFI in Los Angeles before moving to New York. She remained in the city, developing a routine that regularly includes visits to the Brooklyn Academy of Music and Lincoln Center’s Walter Reade Theater to consume international films.

	“I’m really inspired by world cinema — things that press at the edges of the spectrum,” Guiteras says. “Even if I’m making something more traditionally narrative-based, I seek out references outside that tradition to generate new ideas.” — Jack Dunn

Reps: Agency: Artistry

Influences: Still Photography, World Cinema, Experimental Film 

	Ryoma Kohari’s love for filmmaking started while living in Los Angeles for school, where on weekends he volunteered on independent film sets. After developing an interest in cinematography while working with 16mm film, he returned to his native Japan, where he served as an AC for another nine years before becoming a full-time cinematographer. While working for clients like Shisedo and Lexus, he lensed the feature “Fake Plastic Planet” in 2019, and more recently gave an episode of the Apple TV+ series “Sunny” the glossy look of a Japanese game show.

	One person who was instrumental in his journey was Steve Annis (“The Crow,” “I’m a Virgo”), with whom Kohari worked early in his career. “At the time, I didn’t have any plans to become a DP because I felt I was not cut out for it. But Steve told me he used to work as an AC and shared his journey of becoming a cinematographer,” Kohari said. “His preference for lenses is something I strongly relate to, and it is from his influence that I gravitate towards the handheld style.”

	Kohari continues to work primarily in commercial advertising, shooting promos for Ikea, Subaru, and the online multiplayer game Pokemon Unite. Regardless of the project, Kohari emphasizes that his goal is to always “capture the emotional moments. Whether this be a facial expression or an action, each moment has the potential to be captivating and cinematic. Constantly having this point of view is, in my opinion, what makes the main subject stand out.” — J.D.

Reps: Agency: kirameki inc.

Influences: Steve Annis, human emotion 

	Named one of the American Society of Cinematographers’ 2024 Rising Stars, Liu earned a best cinematography nomination at CAMERIMAGE in 2019 for Goldlink’s music video “Joke Ting.” He has also worked with The Weeknd, SZA, and Travis Scott, and recently lensed “Not Like Us” for Dave Free and artist and Free’s codirector Kendrick Lamar.

	Born in China and raised in Germany, Liu moved to the U.S. to pursue his passion for cinematography. “I struggled with never quite fitting into any one culture,” he confesses. “I’ve always been searching for my own identity as an artist. In the end, though, I’ve come to realize that this dilemma has shaped my ideas and viewpoints on the world, which I often express through my work.”

	Liu’s love for cinema was passed down from his father, who first met his mother at a theater in Dandong, China, while working as a film projectionist. Though his father abandoned his own cinematic aspirations to open a restaurant in Germany after their family moved there when Liu was 6, he encouraged his son to follow the path he did not.

	Recently, Liu’s second feature, “Uglies,” premiered on Netflix. In a profession where technology constantly changes, Liu credits the human eye in discovering the right shot: “For me, technology takes a backseat in my creative process — the idea always comes first, and the tools follow,” he says. “Ultimately, it’s the eye and the lighting behind the lens that shape the texture and feel of the image.” — Emiliana Betancourt  

Reps: Agency: CAA

Influences: Lucas Zal, Adam Arkapaw and Jarin Blaschke 

	As a key collaborator on “Roma” and director of photography for “Alien: Romulus,” Olivares has developed as much of a gift for being in the right place at the right time as for cinematography. On both, he stepped in when the directors’ regular collaborators were unavailable, and helped deliver authentic, unforgettable imagery. “You have to adapt, because you are the director’s eyes,” Olivares says.

	Born in Uruapan, Mexico (“the world capital of avocados,” he notes), Olivares left his hometown early in order to follow a creative path after watching Alejandro González Iñárritu’s “Amores Perros.” After studying communications in Guadalajara, he moved to Mexico City to work in equipment rental houses while applying to the same film schools that produced Alfonso Cuarón, Emmanuel “Chivo” Lubezki and Rodrigo Prieto. He was finally accepted, but after “a couple of years,” he was forced to drop out. “I was almost on my 30s and I was starving,” he remembers.

	“I had the luck to somehow make my first feature [“El Vigilante”], and my breakthrough came after Alfonso and Chivo took me to ‘Roma’,” he says. “That changed my life.”

	On “Romulus,” Olivares and director Fede Álvarez faced the challenge of adapting the look of the first two “Alien” films with a more contemporary visual sensibility. “We used three lenses for most of the film,” he reveals. “It was pretty satisfying that for the entire shoot, we didn’t need anything else.” The film earned $347 million worldwide (and counting), and armed him better than ever with resourcefulness and precision to take into future challenges. Next, he’s crossing his fingers for a project with a dream collaborator he can’t yet name. “For now, I’m doing commercial stuff and enjoying my family,” he says. “I have three-year-old twins.” — Todd Gilchrist

Reps: Agency: CAA

Influences: Harris Savides, Roger Deakins, Edward Lachman 

	Before JT Mollner’s “Strange Darling,” Hollywood veteran Ribisi’s name has mostly been listed in the cast of the films he’s worked on. His collaboration on the inventive thriller not only marks his first feature credit as cinematographer but the manifestation of eclectic — and irrepressible — creative impulses. “The synoptic answer is that I just can’t help myself,” Ribisi admits. “I just answered an impulse, because I love the power of an image.”

	Growing up on film sets, Ribisi says that his schoolmates were often the people working in the camera department. Before pursuing cinematography, he started (and later sold) visual effects company Stereo D. “I found myself wanting to be behind the camera,” he says. “And I knew that I needed to pay my dues.” He says that exploring different disciplines has cultivated a uniquely multidimensional perspective in him as a storyteller: “after 40 years of acting, it’s just how I think when I’m reading a script: where am I going to put a camera now?”

	Ribisi explains that he’d known Mollner for three years before they started working on “Strange Darling.” Buoyed by shared passions, it took another five to bring the project to life. “We really loved the same films and had a similar idea for what this movie was going to be,” he says. Though as an actor he’s got more “Avatar” and “Horizon” sequels on the way, he says he hopes to work behind the camera on smaller, independent projects. “I just love the British New Wave and the Italian Neorealists where they were just making things because they had to speak their voices,” Ribisi says.

	“I want to do something that’s more than just an iTunes graveyard endeavor, you know what I mean?” — T.G.

Reps: Agency: CAA; Management: Linden; Legal: Hansen, Jacobson, Teller, Hoberman, Newman, Warren, Richman, Rush, Kaller, Gellman, Meigs & Fox (HJTH)

Influences: Dante Spinotti, Stephen Burum, Salvatore Totino, Andrew Lesnie 

	Although 35-year-old Shorr shot three feature-length films before starting “Omni Loop,” she says the sci-fi dramedy was “was by far the biggest” she’s ever done. “It was just a really wonderful process, and I can’t say enough good things about it,” says Shorr. Starring Mary-Louise Parker and Ayo Edebiri, the film follows a Florida woman who uses time travel in order to become a better person.

	Shorr broke into the industry straight out of film school, co-directing music videos with her best friend. Although they soon received offers to sign as a team, the Portland native quickly realized that the director’s chair felt increasingly like “a chore” with each passing job. She subsequently switched to cinematography, which she calls “a really good fit” for her skill set.

	As a trans woman, her queerness is a significant factor in her filmmaking perspective, but she doesn’t find her tastes to be exclusively “queer or gender related;” Shorr says she draws inspiration from everything from fine art to skateboarding to collectible card game Magic the Gathering. “There are things I’ve been attached to in the independent scene where a feather blows the wrong way, and the project gets pushed for years. So I’m hoping that ‘Omni Loop’ is a bridge into more work and bigger independent and art house films.” — J.D.

Reps: Legal: Dattner Dispoto and Associates

Influences: Art, Skateboarding, Magic the Gathering 

	Soffer counted a pair of Chappell Roan music videos (including “her first ever,” he notes), a few dozen short films and two features under his belt when Gareth Edwards and Oscar-winning cinematographer Greig Fraser hand-picked him as a partner to shoot the sci-fi opus “The Creator” at a third of the cost of a movie its size. It gave him an opportunity not only to level up, but learn from two experts at once. “Greig had worked with Gareth before,” he says. “He was like, really be a collaborator as a cinematographer, and set ego aside … exist to support a director and help understand their vision.”

	A lifelong cinephile, Soffer discovered cinematography as a way to combine his education in fine art and photography. He says the appendices on the special-edition DVDs for “Lord of the Rings” proved invaluable to his introduction to the art form: “there’s 10 hours for each film, and there’s whole segments about lighting approach and color theory.” As he’s moved on to bigger and bigger projects, he says he still enjoys using commercials as a training ground for new equipment, but also to cultivate his discernible style. “I always try to use a different lens set on every commercial that I shoot,” Soffer says. “What separates different cinematographers from one another is the summary of all of our aesthetic tastes, as well as past experiences.”

	After finishing a commercial for Duracell, Adam Wingard’s “Onslaught” is next up for Soffer. “To me, being aligned with the director in terms of taste is really the most important thing,” he says. “If we have similar sensibilities in terms of strategies and aesthetics, then everything else becomes really easy.” — T.G.

Reps: Agency: UTA

Influences: Darius Khondji, Harris Savides, James Vanderbilt 

	A Japanese director of photography based in London, Yang has worked on countless projects including Taylor Swift’s epic “All Too Well: Ten Minute Version” music video, and recently finished work on “The Fire Inside,” Rachel Morrison’s directorial debut about real-life professional boxer Claressa “T-Rex” Shields. She’s the first Asian woman to join the British Society of Cinematographers and was selected for BAFTA Breakthrough 2020. She is also the first female director of photography to win a cinematography award at the British Arrows and to be nominated for Best Cinematographer in Fiction at the BAFTA Cymru Awards in 2019.

	Yang developed a passion for cinematography organically after her dad gifted her a Sony digital camera as a child. “It had a stop motion animation function, which I discovered by playing with it,” she remembers. “So I started making my own. I was like, wow, my dolls are moving! And then I would show the finished project to my family and they would comment on it.”

	Her father’s gift took her a long way. She recently finished lensing David Lowery’s latest epic melodrama “Mother Mary,” starring Anne Hathaway. “I want to make movies that have the right balance of art and commerce, to be accessible and kind of have an emotional reaction to them,” she added.

	Yang says she frequently draws inspiration for her work from the landscapes she grew up with in Japan. “I grew up in the countryside, running around the fields. And when I was a kid, I didn’t ever think that the sunset was beautiful — it was just the time that I had to leave to go home, so it was a sad time for me. But now looking back, it was really stunning. So little memories of the things that I’ve seen growing up does influence how I see things.” — E.B.

Reps: Agency: (U.S.) Iconic Talent Agency, (UK/EU) Lux Artists

Influences: Edward Lachman 
The Business of Entertainment