Sections
About
Connect With Us
Taylor Swift took home album of the year at the 2024 Grammy Awards for her album “Midnights,” giving her four wins in that category over her career, the most for any artist.
Swift also won best pop vocal album and surprised the audience during her acceptance speech by announcing she would be releasing her next album, “The Tortured Poets Department,” on April 19.
SZA had earned the most nominations of any artist this year with nine, including nods for album of the year, record of the year and song of  the year. Although she had 15 Grammy nominations under her belt prior to this year’s selections, her sole win coming into Sunday was for best pop duo/group performance in 2022 for “Kiss Me More.” She quickly added more awards this year though, including a win for best R&B song early in the program.
The Grammy Awards were once again held at Los Angeles’ Crypto.com Arena and aired live on CBS and streamed on Paramount+. Comedian and former “The Daily Show” host Trevor Noah returned to host the ceremony for the fourth time in a row.
Here are the 2024 Grammys winners and nominees:
Several other awards were given out before the start of the show, including the new category, best pop dance recording, which went to Kylie Minogue for her track “Padam Padam.” The Beatles won best music video for “I’m Only Sleeping,” the group’s first Grammy since 1997.
In another first, Tyla won the Grammy for best African music performance in the first year of the category’s existence for her song “Water.”
SZA got her second career best pop duo/group performance award for “Ghost in the Machine,” along with Phoebe Bridgers, who also won best alternative music album with her band boygenius.
Killer Mike won all three awards he was nominated for: best rap song, best rap performance and best rap album. He was later seen in handcuffs being walked out of the ceremony by several police officers. The LAPD said Monday it was in connection with an altercation that happened elsewhere, and he was charged with a misdemeanor and released on zero bail.
Folk music legend Joni Mitchell, 80, won her 10th Grammy — best folk album for “Live at Newport” — and performed an emotional rendition of “Both Sides, Now.” It was her first performance ever at the Grammys and a rare appearance since her recovery from a 2015 brain aneurysm.
And while the Oscars are still a few weeks away, “Barbie” and “Oppenheimer” both took home awards Sunday for best compilation soundtrack for visual media and best score soundtrack for visual media, respectively. Song of the year and best song written for visual media also went to Billie Eilish and her brother Finneas for their song “What Was I Made For?” from “Barbie.”
You can find the complete list of awards won earlier in the evening posted here.	
© 2025 WDEF.
This Is The Place.

Talk to News 12 anchors, reporters and meteorologists. When you see news happening, share it! We’d love to hear from you.

423-785-1200 | news@wdef.com3300 Broad Street, Chattanooga TN 37408


	We live, work and play right here in the Tennessee Valley. We are your neighbors. We celebrate community and we tell your stories. We are the most trusted source for local news.


	Download the News 12 News and Weather Apps on your smart phone or tablet device to receive breaking news and weather push notifications the minute it happens.


Mobile App|Weather App | WDEF Email Sign Up