Her subway photoshoot is very relatable
It may take guts to become a three-time Grammy Award-winning singer, but, for Olivia Rodrigo, putting on a fabulous outfit is simply just second nature.
The 21-year-old pop star did just that during a recent outing in New York City. En route to an event that celebrated her collaboration with Sony’s LinkBuds Fit and LinkBuds Open, Rodrigo took the time to do what all fashion lovers living in New York do at least once in their lives: she took pictures of her outfit on the subway.
The outfit in question, pulled together with the help of stylist duo Chloe and Chenelle Delgadillo, involved a black midi halter dress. For a ’50s callback, the dress featured some white polka dots and a backless design. Rodrigo modernized the timeless look with other accessories, from a leopard-print handbag from Kurt Geiger to some heeled Mary Janes. She zhuzhed up the look with her glam, styling her hair in a loose curly side-part and painting on bright red lipstick.
The “Obsessed” singer, who originally grew up in Southern California, has made a second home out of New York City. During a 2023 interview with the New Yorker, she opened up about how the metropolis has influenced her creatively. 
“I’m still exploring, but I love it; it’s the greatest city ever. There is just so much inspiration here, constantly,” she said. “I remember people always used to tell me that—songwriters that I knew. They’d be, like, ‘Oh, you have to go to New York. It’s so inspiring.’ And I would roll my eyes and be, like, ‘Okay, sure, I get it, I get it.’ But we actually made half of this album, Guts, at Electric Lady Studios in Greenwich Village. ... All these incredible records were made in those rooms, and it’s just—I don’t know, you definitely feel that magic in the walls.”
Dua Lipa Gives Leather Looks the Spring Treatment
Doechii Pays Homage to André Leon Talley
Hailey's Miami Outfits All Had This in Common
Bella Hadid Poses in Poolside Lingerie and Curlers
Prince Harry Says He May Not Return to the U.K. 
George Clooney Played Softball In Central Park
Hunter Schafer Gives the Tracksuit a Playful Twist
Blake Lively Wears a “Wedding Gown” on Late Night 
Bella Hadid Glows in a Bubblegum-Pink Set
J.Lo’s Dress Shimmers Like a Starry Night Sky
Hailey Bieber’s Party Dress Is Made of Watches
Princess Charlotte's Birthday Portrait, by Kate
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.