Good 4 her, if I'm honest.
Olivia Rodrigo is no stranger to absolutely devouring the MTV VMA red carpet and stage, but sadly she couldn't make it to the 2024 ceremony. Her 'GUTS' World Tour is currently in full swing, with its next show in Bangkok, Thailand later this week — so it's understandable that she wasn't able to squeeze in a trip to NYC where the awards are held. 
While Olivia didn't attend this year, she was nominated for several awards. Ready? Okay! First up she's in the Best Pop category along with Camila Cabello, Dua Lipa, Sabrina Carpenter, Tate McRae, and Taylor Swift. Her video for 'obsessed' is also nominated for Best Cinematography, while 'bad idea right?' has secured a Best Art Direction nom, and 'get him back!' is nominated for Best Visual Effects.
Besides killing it on tour, Olivia also recently hard launched her relationship with Louis Patridge at the Venice Film Festival. 
These two have been dating for about a year, and last October a source told The Sun that "They met through mutual pals earlier in the year and have been messaging quite a bit. She has spent a few days in the capital hanging out with them all but it’s been Louis who she has been inseparable from. They have been for dinners and nights out. They hit a club together on Friday night and were acting very coupley. It’s really sweet to see her happy."
The 8 most shocking couple swaps on MAFSAU
Beyoncé Cowboy Carter Tour set list
JoJo on cryptic 48 hour comment 
The ending of Netflix's Havoc explained
The Assembly should be next on your watch list
Netflix's The Four Seasons release date
Who are The Seraphites in The Last of Us? 
What Kath said about JoJo split after CBBUK
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
Did you spot subtle Chadwick tribute in Sinners?
Every character Joe Goldberg has killed in 'You'
Penn 'fought to be as naked as possible' in You
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.