By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:28, 17 June 2024   |  Updated:  15:47, 17 June 2024   
 30
View  comments
Liam Gallagher fans were 'left in tears' as they were turned away from Manchester's problem-plagued Co-op Live arena on Saturday. 
The singer-songwriter, 51, is currently on his Definitely Maybe tour - celebrating 30 years of the Oasis album.
But his Manchester gig was left in a state of chaos when some fans - who had bought tickets to stand in the arena - weren't allowed into the venue after being told they were underage.  
An eye-witness told the Mirror: 'There was absolute chaos, fans were left stunned at the box office when they were told they hadn't been sent down.' 
They added: 'One fan who was only 16 years old was with her parents and was left in tears when she was turned away at the doors for being under age to be on the standing floor. Stewards at the door said it was venue policy but fan services refused to back down despite the fan and her family showing proof.' 
Liam Gallagher fans were 'left in tears' as they were turned away from Manchester's problem-plagued Co-op Live arena on Saturday
His Manchester gig was left in a state of chaos when some fans - who had bought tickets to stand in the arena - weren't allowed into the venue after being told they were underage
Liam's arena tour, which heads to Sheffield, Cardiff, London, Manchester, Glasgow and Dublin, has been called 'off the charts' and 'celestial' by fans lucky enough to have bagged a ticket.
His first two gigs at The O2 on June 6 and 7 were supported by The View , with Cast taking over as support for the June 10 and 11 dates.
The tour sees Liam perform the entirety of the Definitely Maybe album for the first time, including hits like Supersonic and Cigarettes & Alcohol. 
Fans have also been treated to hear some tracks that have rarely, if ever, been performed since the 1990s, including 'Up In The Sky' and 'Digsy's Dinner'.
The incident in Manchester is just the latest in a host of problems that the UK's newly opened largest indoor arena has faced in recent months after a slew of performances had to be cancelled last minute.
Bosses blamed the heating, conditioning and ventilation system for the delays after a part of the system fell from the roof - resulting in inspections of all similar parts.
Manchester's troubled arena finally opened on May 14 with hometown band Elbow tonight after over a month of setbacks.
An eye-witness told the Mirror : 'There was absolute chaos, fans were left stunned at the box office when they were told they hadn't been sent down'
The singer-songwriter, 51, is currently on his Definitely Maybe tour - celebrating 30 years of the Oasis album (Noel and Liam Gallagher pictured) 
It will be the first event in the £365million arena built to compete with London's O2 to host the UK's biggest musical shows with a 23,500 capacity.
Peter Kay was supposed to be the Co-op Live's opener on April 23 but problems had already shown themselves in earlier test events, leading to that being postponed.
The venue then planned for US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie to open the arena on May 1, however it was called off just over an hour before his performance with fans queuing outside, due to the ventilation system becoming detached during a soundcheck.
The issue also meant scheduled performances from US pop star Olivia Rodrigo and British band Keane were postponed, while a slew of shows by Take That were moved to the AO Arena across town.
Kay, who was meant to be the 'first artist in the world to perform at Manchester Co-op Live' according to promotional posters, then had a second show postponed as the venue was still not ready to open six days later.
The problems also led to the venue rescheduling a Black Keys gig.
The venue then planned for US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie to open the arena on May 1, however it was called off just over an hour before his performance with fans queuing outside, due to the ventilation system becoming detached during a soundcheck.
The incident in Manchester is just the latest in a host of problems that the UK's newly opened largest indoor arena has faced in recent months after a slew of performances had to be cancelled last minute
Co-op Live said an inspection would need to take place to ensure it was a one-time default.
At a Rick Astley test event on April 20, attendance was slashed from 11,000 to just 4,000 less than two hours before the start due to problems with the arena's power - believed to have affected the fire safety and emergency services communication systems.
Insiders claimed 'everything was run down to the wire' ahead of that show and general manager Gary Roden quit that week.
East Sussex rock band Keane announced last week that their postponed gig is rescheduled for October 19, while new dates are yet to be announced for Rodrigo.
Manchester's Co-Op Live Arena has been plagued by issues from its testing to eventual opening earlier this month.
Here is a timeline of what has happened:
April 20
Headaches for Co-op Arena emerged after capacity for a test event was reduced with just hours' notice.
Rick Astley did perform at the arena, however, and there were reports on social media that the event was a success.
April 22
Yet more issues came when comedian Peter Kay's performances were postponed with less than 48 hours' notice.
His original dates were shifted to April 29 and 30, with Kay writing on social media that he was 'truly gutted' for his fans.
A spokesman for the arena said that 'consistent total power supply to our fully electric sustainable venue' was two days behind and there needed to be more time to test it 'thoroughly'.
April 25
Following a slew of issues, general manager Gary Roden resigned.
April 26
Peter Kay and The Black Keys both had to reschedule dates because of the venue not being 'ready'.
Kay's gigs were moved to May 23 and May 24, and he said it was 'very disappointing but your safety is important, and I won't compromise that' on X, formerly Twitter.
The new date for the US rock band The Black Keys became May 15.
In a statement, Co-op Live also said that there is 'reassurance' for fans that dates for US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, real name Julius Dubose, on May 1, and American singer Olivia Rodrigo's performances on May 3 and 4 would be going ahead.
May 1
Both A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie and Olivia Rodrigo dates are postponed.
This was just over an hour before A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie was set to perform, with the venue saying that there was a problem during the soundcheck.
A component of the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) system used to direct air had separated from the ductwork, and the installer, contractor and third-party inspector would now have to test each nozzle to confirm they are free from the defect, the Oak View Group said.
Two hours after cancelling A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, the venue then said that Rodrigo's gigs would not go ahead on May 3 and 4.
May 2
Take That said they would be moving their May shows from the Co-op Live to the AO Arena because of 'ongoing technical issues'.
Earlier that day another band, Keane, announced their May 5 gig at the venue had been postponed thanks to issues that were 'entirely beyond our control'.
The venue said it would be taking 'a short pause to events at Co-op Live to fully ensure the safety and security of fans and artists visiting the venue'.
May 14
Live music finally got under way at the Co-op Live arena after Manchester band Elbow opened the new venue as its first headliners.
May 25
Nicki Minaj is arrested in the Netherlands hours before she is due to fly to the UK to perform at the Co-op Live Arena.
Dutch police said at around 9pm that they released their 'suspect and she can now move on', but Live Nation announced soon after that the show, originally set to have doors open at 6.30pm, had been postponed.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group