Cancel Anytime
Gambit staff writer
Keith Richards watches as Mick Jagger and Irma Thomas sing her song 'Time Is on My Side' during The Rolling Stones show at the 2024 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival.
If nothing else, 2024 in New Orleans will be remembered as the year The Rolling Stones and Taylor Swift came to town and the Hot Boys reunited. For those weeks this year, all anyone talked about were these concerts — and for good reason.
After a string of bad luck, the New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival finally got The Rolling Stones to the Fair Grounds and added an eighth day to the festival’s schedule — an addition that looks to be permanent — to accommodate the British rockers. Tickets for Stones Day on the Fair Grounds quickly sold out. And the rest of the Fair Grounds stages went quiet for the band’s two-hour set, which included appearances by living legend Irma Thomas and zydeco musician Dwayne Dopsie. It was a masterful set that vindicated all the hype.
Just shy of six months later, New Orleans rolled out the red carpet for Swift and her three-night “Eras Tour” stop at the Caesars Superdome. Hundreds of thousands of people flooded into the city, most hotels sold out, restaurants and bars overhauled their menus and décor, clubs planned a weekend of themed events — and Gov. Jeff Landry shamefully broke up an unhoused encampment.
New Orleans welcomed Swift, and she returned the love with big, satisfying spectacles that broke several Superdome attendance records and brought hundreds of millions of dollars into the city. And along with a surprise on-stage appearance by Sabrina Carpenter, a number of celebrities could be seen in the Dome, including Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds.
But the Stones and Swift only top a long list of big concerts that stopped in New Orleans this year. Over the summer, the Superdome also hosted country musicians Zach Bryan and Jason Isbell, while the Smoothie King Center had everyone from Stevie Nicks and The Eagles on their farewell tour to Chappell Roan opening for Olivia Rodrigo, J. Cole, Nicki Minaj, Megan Thee Stallion, Childish Gambino and Maxwell. New Orleans also got a Drake concert just before Kendrick Lamar decided to bury the Canadian rapper with “Not Like Us,” one of the biggest songs of the year.
Turk, B.G., Lil Wayne and Juvenile perform during Lil Weezyana Fest Saturday, November 2, at the Smoothie King Center.
Equally momentous, though, especially for New Orleanians, was this year’s Lil Weezyana Fest. For the first time in nearly 20 years, Lil Wayne, Juvenile, B.G. and Turk reunited on stage as the Hot Boys in front of a sold-out, roaring Smoothie King Center crowd. It was a significant moment: Those four rappers, along with Mannie Fresh, Bryan “Birdman” Williams and Ronald “Slim” Williams, were at the center of Cash Money Records’ national dominance in the late-’90s and early-2000s, an era that put New Orleans in the middle of the national hip-hop conversation.
The concert ultimately turned into a celebration of Lil Wayne himself as Mayor LaToya Cantrell and Percy “Master P” Miller presented Wayne with a key to the city and announced plans to include him in the upcoming New Orleans Walk of Fame. Wayne has often been called the greatest rapper alive — and Master P confirmed it while on stage.
Earlier this year, Birdman and Slim also received official recognition when they were awarded keys to the city and had a streetcorner renamed in their honor. Just a few months before Lil Weezyana Fest, Birdman staged his own celebration of Cash Money Records during the Essence Festival of Culture — which also featured performances by Janet Jackson, Usher, Maze featuring Frankie Beverly and many others during the annual celebration of Black women and Black culture. But while the Cash Money set included Juvenile, B.G., Mannie Fresh, The Lox, Bun B and other friends of the label, it didn’t deliver on the Cash Money Millionaires reunion people had hoped for.
One last Weezyana note: New Orleans-born rapper Rob49, who opened the fest, himself hit a milestone when he sold out the Smoothie King Center for the first time earlier this year.
Taylor Swift performed at the Caesars Superdome during her Eras Tour concert on Friday, Oct. 25.
2024 included countless notable moments: Oak Street club Maple Leaf celebrated its 50th anniversary, as did Sweet Lorraine’s Jazz Club on St. Claude Avenue. King of bounce HaSizzle marked 20 years in music — and released the great compilation “It’s Only Ya Booty.” Funk rock band Flow Tribe also hit its 20th anniversary. Cajun-rooted rock band Lost Bayou Ramblers hit 25 years. And trumpeter Kermit Ruffins partied at the House of Blues on his 60th birthday.
New Orleans musicians notched a victory for better pay when the city council passed a guaranteed minimum pay rate for city-funded events — although the scope of the measure is relatively narrow and a lot more work is needed to boost musician pay. The Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra landed its first Grammy Award for its live album with the Lost Bayou Ramblers. The New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Foundation named Blake-Anthony Johnson as its new CEO. And the St. Augustine High School Marching 100 visited France to march in D-Day commemorations.
Music publication OffBeat has published its last issue after 37 years unless it can secure a new owner as founders Jan Ramsey and Joseph Irrera have decided to step away from the business. And this year also saw the closure of the Palm Court Jazz Café after 35 years.
But the historic Dew Drop Inn re-opened in 2024 and is now regularly hosting live music. Hi-Ho Lounge on St. Claude was recently sold and has re-opened as No Dice. And bounce icon Katey Red realized a long-held dream when she opened her new bar Club Switch in Treme.
Before we dive into the new year, here are five albums and EPs from 2024 that deserve recognition.
Along with Jazz Fest’s added day, French Quarter Fest also saw a significant expansion in 2024. The annual, free fest extended its footprint to include Spanish Plaza and added a DJ stage for the first time.
There was a ton of new music in 2024. Hurray for the Riff Raff’s “The Past Is Still Alive” is now ending the year on Best Of lists by the New York Times, Pitchfork and Rolling Stone. Thou dug into its punk nature — and turned a critical eye inward — on its sixth full-length, “Umbilical.” The Rumble notched another Grammy Award nomination with its first studio album, “Stories from the Battlefield.” And Ani DiFranco, PJ Morton, Leyla McCalla, Pell, Loose Cattle, The Headhunters, Dawn Richard, Claire Givens, Lynn Drury and many, many others had great new releases this year.
Finally, we remember the irreplaceable New Orleans musicians lost this year, including Clarence “Frogman” Henry; Kerry “Fatman” Hunter; Nick Daniels III; George French; Robert Lyall; and Lionel Batiste Jr. This year also saw the deaths of Lafayette musician Brother Dege, Cajun music great Jo-El Sonnier, WWOZ’s Valerie Kacprzak and David Freedman, and WWL-TV’s Eric Paulsen, a beloved champion of New Orleans culture.
Gambit recaps a busy 2024 in New Orleans.

        For more than 40 years, Gambit has covered New Orleans, for New Orleans.
        We’ve stood up to city hall with you, cheered the Saints with you,
        danced in the streets with you and cried over our collective loss with
        you. And we’re plannin’ on being here for 40 more. To do that, we need
        your help. Become a Gambit member today and help us continue our mission
      
Email Jake Clapp at jclapp@gambitweekly.com
It was a year of giant spectacle in entertainment in New Orleans.
Gambit staff writer
Your weekly go-to show for all things happening in New Orleans.
Gambit's Events Calendar

For more upcoming events visit  
calendar.gambitweekly.com 

Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: