Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Don't miss the biggest stories and breaking news with the Echo daily newsletter
We have more newsletters
Co-op Live is set to become the latest entertainment hotspot once the doors open this month.
Boasting an impressive capacity of 23,500 and a £365m price tag, this state-of-the-art venue next to the Etihad Stadium in Manchester will claim the title of having the UK's largest indoor floor space when it launches. Its innovative "smart bowl design" is engineered to optimise sound and lighting for an unparalleled event experience.
The arena is designed with a "significantly lower" ceiling and tiered seating arrangement to ensure fans feel closer to the action, promising an immersive concert atmosphere. Co-op Live will boast 32 bars, restaurants, and lounges peppered across the venue, guests will have their pick of spots to grab a drink or a bite, ensuring the fun doesn't pause even when the show does.
READ MORE: First look inside BOXPARK Liverpool before its grand opening
READ MORE: Shoppers praise £20 Amazon teeth whitening product with 18K 5-star reviews
With many people from the Liverpool City Region likely to venture to the new Manchester Co-op Live Arena, we have had a look at some key information you may need to know.
Events at the venue start on April 23, 2024. The first act to take to the stage will be comedian Peter Kay who continues his long-awaited tour of the UK.
Gary Roden, Executive Director and General Manager of Co-op Live, said: "When you think of Manchester, it’s hard not to think of Peter Kay. He embodies what this city is about, and to have him headlining Co-op Live is tremendously exciting. We’re creating an arena that is truly part of the community around it, and having Peter as our opening act is a perfect reminder of that.”
When it comes to seating options, Co-op Live provides two distinct plans tailored to suit a variety of performances for visitors. The seating plans for concerts will vary depending on the stage layout but fans can expect a configuration that optimizes the experience.
Depending on the gig, there may be the option of purchasing standing tickets at Co-op Live. When this is the case, the above picture shows how the ticketing system will work.
When purchasing tickets for this venue configuration, attendees can choose from standing, Level 1 seating, and Level 3 seating across various blocks, with the stage located in the central grey block.
Events have been planned out for rest of the year, as well as some shows planned as far ahead as 2025, and there really is something for everyone. At the time of writing [Friday, April 19], these are the confirmed acts and when they will perform.
APRIL 2024:
MAY 2024:
JUNE 2024:
JULY 2024:
AUGUST 2024:
SEPTEMBER 2024:
OCTOBER 2024:
NOVEMBER 2024:
DECEMEBR 2024:
Receive top stories on everything going on in Merseyside including events, shopping and food and drink through our newsletter by signing up here