Multi-Platinum, three-time GRAMMY® Award-winning artist Olivia Rodrigo is donating over two million dollars from the net proceeds of ticket sales from her highly successful GUTS World Tour to charities around the globe.
The donation will be distributed through Rodrigo’s Fund 4 Good --  a global initiative committed to building an equitable and just future for all women and girls through direct support of community based non-profits that champion girls’ education, support reproductive rights and prevent gender-based violence. The 10 recipients are: National Network of Abortion Funds (United States); Women’s Shelters Canada; Women Against Violence Europe; The Pratthanadee Foundation (Thailand); Korea Foundation For Women; Harmony House Limited (Hong Kong); NPO Women’s Saya-Saya (Japan); Aidha (Singapore); Jhpiego (the Philippines) and Wesnet (Australia). See below for additional information about each charity.
With 95 sold-out 2024 shows in over 60 cities across more than 20 countries, the GUTS World Tour concludes in 2025 with stadium headline shows in Brazil and Mexico.
A special highlight for the Filipino American artist was visiting the Philippines for the very first time, as she recently shared in this clip. In Manila, she played the Philippine Arena, the world’s largest indoor arena. Presented by American Express, all tickets for the show were silver star (under $30 inclusive of fees). All net ticket proceeds from the sold-out concert have been donated to Jhpiego, which has been working in the Philippines since 1980. Their focus areas include adolescent and youth health, family planning and reproductive health, gender equity, and women’s cancers.
The recently released Netflix concert special Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour, which won the 2024 Hollywood Music In Media Award for Live Concert For Visual Media, offers fans an exciting inside look. Watch it HERE.
Praising the tour, Rolling Stone said, “Rodrigo cemented her position in pop culture as a generation-defining artist. As a rockstar.” USA Today stated, “Few artists in the history of rock ‘n’ roll have positioned themselves with room to grow old gracefully as brilliantly as Rodrigo has managed in her first two decades as a human being.” Olivia was named Touring Artist of the Year by Billboard, appearing on the October cover of their Touring issue.
In addition to her headline shows in Brazil and Mexico, Olivia will perform at festivals across Latin America, Europe and the UK in 2025. See below for itinerary.
Olivia Rodrigo 2025 festival performance dates:
Fri Mar 21 – Santiago, Chile – Lollapalooza Chile
Sun March 23 – Buenos Aires, Argentina – Lollapalooza Argentina
Sun Mar 30 – Bogotá, Colombia – Festival Estereo Picnic
Fri Mar 28 – São Paulo, Brazil – Lollapalooza Brasil
Sat Apr 6 – Monterrey, Mexico – Tecate Pa’l Norte
Sat June 21 –Landgraaf, the Netherlands- Pinkpop Festival
Fri Jun 27 – London, United Kingdom – British Summertime Hyde Park
Fri Jul 04 – Roskilde, Denmark – Roskilde Festival
Sun Jul 06 – Werchter, Belgium – Rock Werchter
Thu Jul 10 – Lisbon, Portugal – NOS Alive
Tue Jul 15 – Milan, Italy – I-Days
Fri Jul 18– Paris, France – Lollapalooza Paris
Published since 1977, Music Connection magazine is a monthly music trade publication catering to musicians, industry pro’s, and support services. Music Connection exists to serve artists and music people, to offer connections to the unconnected and to provide exclusive information that can help our readers take their music to the next level.

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.