The star was performing in Melbourne, Australia, when the incident occurred. (Photo by Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images)Billboard via Getty Images
Fortunately, she didn’t actually “break a leg.”
Olivia Rodrigo, whose “GUTS World Tour” stopped in Portland in August, was performing in Melbourne, Australia, on Sunday when she accidentally fell through a gap in the stage.
Rodrigo — who’s currently in the international leg of her “GUTS” tour — was running around the stage greeting cheering fans when the incident occurred, according to Entertainment Weekly. Unfortunately, it appears she wasn’t looking where she was going, and ended up running directly into a hole.
Clips of the moment posted to social media platforms such as X show the star quickly pulling herself up from the gap and brushing it off to keep things going.
“Oh my God!” Rodrigo says. “That was fun! I’m okay!”
Rolling Stone reports how the 21-year-old “bad idea right?” singer kicked off her Australia performances last week. Her final show date will be Tuesday, Oct. 22, in Sydney.
The same Rolling Stone report adds that music isn’t the only thing the former Disney star has on the docket; A film of the tour is set to be released on Oct. 29 via Netflix.
“For those of you who didn’t get a chance to rock out in person, now you can have the best seats in the house!” said Rodrigo via a statement.
“And to the fans who cheered, screamed, and danced with me, I am so glad we get to do it all over again!”
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices