arts entertainmentPop Music
By Marcela RodriguesStaff writer
Staff writer
A sea of purple butterflies and combat boots filled the American Airlines Center arena Friday for Olivia Rodrigo’s “Guts World Tour.”
“Howdy, Dallas!” said the 21-year-old singer and songwriter after opening the concert with her song, “bad idea right?”
The three-time Grammy Award winner attracted enthusiastic fans of all ages who knew every lyric to the 22 songs she performed – and they sang their hearts out all night long.
Rodrigo’s fashion style is reminiscent of riot grrrl, grunge fashion and 90s pop-rock, but it also evokes Y2K girlhood.
Catch up on the day's news you need to know.
Or with: 
By signing up you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
The audience dressed to match Rodrigo’s aesthetic: chunky boots, black eyeliner, glitter, bows and butterflies.
Texas fans made sure to bring purple cowboy hats to add to their looks. Three times during the concert, Rodrigo took cowboy hats from the audience and wore them before throwing them back to fans.
Marsha Gonzalez, 19, came from Odessa to Dallas to see Rodrigo perform. She had butterflies all over her hair and even chose purple for her dental braces to match the color of Rodrigo’s Guts album.
But what makes Gonzalez love Rodrigo’s music is how relatable and inspirational it is.
“A lot of her songs really got me through stages of my life,” Gonzalez said. “I aspire to be the person that she is.”
Rodrigo’s songwriting is about coming of age, including all of its angst, societal expectations and broken hearts. Fans relate to how she talks about feeling embarrassed, annoyed, insecure, angry and naive.
Before her performance of “teenage dream,” Rodrigo told fans she wrote the song a few days before turning 19, and now that she just turned 21, she believes “growing up isn’t so scary after all.”
As she sang, footage of Rodrigo as a child took over the screens on stage. Fans saw Rodrigo as a little ballerina, singing and playing in her room.
Beyond the songwriting, Rodrigo’s beats and melodies combine different music styles.
“You have the ballads, you have the punk rock. It is a good mix,” said Michaela Kelly, 27, who attended the concert with her girlfriend. “She really masters all of it.”
With three costume changes, two backing singers, five musicians and eight dancers, Rodrigo also showed her musical talent by playing the piano and the guitar.
A highlight for many fans included the moment Rodrigo sat on a quarter-moon platform that floated up in the air. Another was when she played the piano while singing “drivers license.”
Rodrigo interacted with the audience often and even sang happy birthday to a “pretty girl with the pink dress,” after a group told her it was a fan’s birthday.
She waved and hugged fans whenever she was close to them.
Many in the audience were as young as 9-year-old Emerson Smith, who first listened to Rodrigo’s music “in the car with one of my favorite babysitters.”
Rodrigo became Smith’s favorite artist.
“And then my mom surprised me with these tickets for my birthday,” she said. “It’s been my dream forever.”
The concert ended with star-shaped confetti falling from the sky and excited fans who weren’t ready to go home.
Marcela covers higher education for the Education Lab at The Dallas Morning News. She has previously reported for The Chronicle of Higher Education, Chalkbeat, and The New York Times.
Join the conversation
Thank you for reading. We welcome your thoughts on this topic. Comments are moderated for adherence to our Community Guidelines. Please read the guidelines before participating.