International students receive emails from ISSS with guidance for maintaining immigration status, students report frustration
Vanderbilt community reacts to federal executive order to dissolve Department of Education
VADNOS: Vanderbilt has failed to stand up to Trump, and that should scare all of us
Law School ranks No. 14 in 2025 U.S. News rankings
University leaders condemn government oversight in AAC&U letter, Vanderbilt administration not listed
Record-low 4.7% of applicants admitted to Class of 2029, regular decision acceptance rate down to 3.3%
Student files lawsuit against The Broadview at Vanderbilt owners for mold negligence
UPDATED: MNPD on scene at Branscomb, student death reported
GUEST EDITORIAL: Vanderbilt, dare to fulfill your duty
VUMC halts all diversity, equity and inclusion programs
As finals creep closer, the semester seems to be moving faster toward its end; there’s no better way to take a night away from the stress of school than to go to a concert. Luckily for you, Music City is full of great shows this month that fit every music taste.
Indie lovers should make sure to have Mitski’s four shows in Nashville this month on their radars. The singer-songwriter is bringing her most recent album, “The Land is Inhospitable and So Are We,” to stages across the country. With support from Sarah Kinsley, Sunny War, Julia Jacklin and Cowboy Junkies each opening a night of her performances at Ryman Auditorium, every show is certain to be a unique experience.
Following the upcoming release of her latest EP “Burn the Hard Drive” on April 10, Jade Bird will be gracing the iconic Bluebird Cafe with her talents. The EP is meant to cover the stages of grief that come with an end to a relationship, so this performance is sure to be an intimate and emotional experience.
Vanderbilt’s own Amelia Day will be playing at Exit/In on April 17, and this is one you won’t want to miss. Local band Girls Night will be the opening act before she takes the stage to play songs from her “Little One” EP along with a new release, “Sink In,” that will be played live for the first time before its release on April 26. Day is releasing a limited number of student discount tickets using the code AMELIADAYSTUDENT when buying tickets for 20% off. In addition, Day is partnering with Fido to curate a specialty, limited-edition drink menu starting April 3.
The Kentucky-born country star is bringing his “Mule Pull ‘24” Tour to Nashville for two shows on April 18 and 19. The artist takes a lot of his musical inspiration from Appalachian folk and bluegrass that give him a signature sound. He’ll be performing hits at Bridgestone Arena from his most recent album “Rustin’ in the Rain,” as well as beloved tracks from past works such as “Can I Take My Hounds to Heaven” to make for a show that you don’t want to miss.
Vanderbilt’s annual Rites of Spring concert put on by VPB continues this year with a lineup including headliners Young Nudy, Smino and Orion Sun. The event was shortened to one night this year, a change from Rites of the past, and will be held on Alumni Lawn. Students can get tickets using Commodore Cash through the Vanderbilt box office.
For those looking for a different source of entertainment on April 20, PinkPantheress is also going to be in Nashville on the same night as Rites of Spring. The British artist, following her debut album “Heaven Knows” in Nov. 2023, will be making a stop at Brooklyn Bowl on her “Capable of love” tour before opening for Olivia Rodrigo’s “GUTS” tour this summer.
Tim McGraw is playing Bridgestone Arena on April 25 as part of his “Standing Room Only” tour with support from Carly Pearce and Abby Anderson. The country legend and Nashville icon has been a big name in country music for over 30 years, with Music City being close to his heart. After seeing his show, you’ll be sure to understand why McGraw has served as an inspiration for several artists after him.
The official student newspaper of Vanderbilt University
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 

Concerned Lauver									 • 									Mar 31, 2024 at 12:30 am CDT 
Ain’t no way y’all missed Laufey on the 23rd