Dua Lipa may be joined by an 1980s icon for her headlining performance at Glastonbury festival later this year. 
Earlier this year it was announced that Dua, 28, will be making her debut on the Pyramid Stage as the Friday night headliner at the legendary festival.
The Glastonbury main stage has been graced by many major artists over the years including Elton John, Billie Eilish, The Rolling Stones and Dolly Parton, so this is a huge step for the singer whose career began in 2015 with the release of her first single New Love.
While there were mixed responses to the 2024 Glastonbury lineup, fans expect Dua’s performance to prove any haters wrong. It’s anticipated that she’ll play some of her most recognisable chart topping hits as well as tunes from her highly anticipated new album which was released on May 3.
And there may be cause for even more excitement as rumours swirl that the star will be inviting a legendary act to perform with her.
Many are speculating that the singer has asked Cyndi Lauper, 70, to join her on stage for her performance.
A source told The Sun, that Dua was currently in talks with Cyndi, and that the Dance the Night singer was eager to make her performance at Worthy Farm memorable.
‘Dua is raring to go for Glastonbury and she can’t wait for people to hear her new music.
‘She knows the record will strike a chord with her fans but for the old school muso’s at the Farm, she wants a touch of nostalgia.
The source added: ‘She wants this set to go down in history.’
The rumours come just a day after Cyndi surprised fans at a Nicki Minaj concert in Brooklyn, proving that the star is well-prepared to perform as a surprise guest.
The New Rules singer isn’t the first headline act at Glastonbury to bring out a fellow musician while performing. Lily Allen surprised fans by joining Olivia Rodrigo on stage at the iconic British festival in 2022, singing her hit song F**k You. 
Elton John was joined by several guests when he headlined at Glastonbury in 2023, including Brandon Flowers of The Killers, Jacob Lusk of Gabriels, Rina Sawayama, and Steven Sanchez.
Cyndi has already been confirmed as a solo performer at Glastonbury, and will be singing on the same Pyramid stage at a different time to Dua during the festival. 
Cyndi is best known for her hit songs: Girls Just Wanna Have Fun, Time After Time, and True Colours – which were all released in the 80s – more than 10 years before Dua was born. 
The All Through the Night singer has released 11 studio albums in her lifetime and her last album Detour was released in 2016. Her Glastonbury performance is expected to be an eclectic mix of her top hits from her career spanning over five decades.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: WIN VIP tickets to Pub In The Park worth £110 each
Arrow
MORE: 80s movie star unrecognisable in rare sighting after vanishing from spotlight
Arrow
MORE: UK festival to return after 10 years with Eurovision star headlining