By 

	Thania Garcia


Olivia Rodrigo will play her first-ever headline stadium shows in Brazil and Mexico next year, the Grammy-winning singer announced Tuesday. St. Vincent, who is slated to release her first Spanish-language album on Nov. 15, will join her as an opening act. 

	The 2025 “Guts” shows will feature major headline stadium shows in Curitiba, Brazil, at Estadio Couto Pereira on March 26, and in Mexico City, Mexico, at Estadio GNP Seguros on April 2. These new shows will happen around the time Rodrigo is scheduled to play multiple festivals across Latin America, including Lollapalooza Chile, Lollapalooza Argentina, Festival Estereo Picnic, Lollapalooza Brasil and Tecate Pa’l Norte.

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Disney to Preview 'Zootopia 2,' 'Elio,' 'Toy Story 5' and More at This Year's Annecy Festival		
			








	The pair of dates will extend Rodrigo’s 2024 “Guts” world tour, which included 95 sold-out shows in over 60 cities across more than 20 countries. The success of the trek — which grossed $184.6 million — inspired the release of the concert film, “Olivia Rodrigo: Guts World Tour,” on Netflix earlier this year.  

	“It was an interesting experience to sit down and watch the film from beginning to end, because I’ve been living and breathing this show for the past year of my life and I’ve never actually gotten the chance to sit down and watch it,” Rodrigo told Variety in a recent interview. “It was cool to see it from a different perspective.”

	Rodrigo also noted that she was “pretty tired after this tour,” but was excited to “take a break and gather inspiration, because it’s fun for me, and not put any pressure on it for a little bit.”

	After a short break this year, Rodrigo will be back on stage performing for her international fans who can secure tickets to these newly-announced dates later this week. Tickets for the Curitiba, Brazil date will be available starting Nov. 14. Tickets for the Mexico City, Mexico date will be available starting Nov. 19 at 2 p.m. local time. 
The Business of Entertainment