Glastonbury enthusiasts are set for a thrilling experience in 2025 as three massive female stars are rumoured to be joining the line-up.
Rod Stewart, who was announced as the first headline act last month, will grace the Legends slot on Sunday afternoon at Worthy Farm, marking his return after 22 years.
Now, whispers suggest that Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and Charli XCX are all set to join him. Insiders claim that Charli is slated to headline The Other Stage while Chappell will perform on the Pyramid Stage.
A source told The Sun: "Olivia is coming straight to Worthy Farm after playing BST Hyde Park, so her slot is being firmed up. Emily really wanted Glastonbury to go back to its rock roots but by bringing in three of the world 's biggest female stars to play too, she is making a real statement."
The final line-up is expected to be "really impressive" with big names like Stevie Wonder and Nile Rodgers also rumoured to be performing. Fans are also hopeful of seeing Neil Young once again.
Marking what could be 16 years since his last Glastonbury appearance, it's rumoured that the Heart Of Gold rocker is keen on a comeback. Neil recently disclosed his plans to revise his European tour, expressing his preference for outdoor gigs over indoor ones due to health concerns, reports the Mirror.
  READ MORE:    Glastonbury 'in talks' with Stevie Wonder as Rod Stewart confirms slot  [LATEST] 
On his website, the star stated: "Indoor concerts could be too risky for health reasons and we don't want to have to cancel any concerts for health reasons next summer."
Following this update, observant fans noticed an addition to Neil's website - a picture of a ticket from Glastonbury 2009. One user shared a screenshot of the update on Twitter (X), and The Glasto Thing account commented: "There's a bit of a (for me) too good to be true rumour floating about. Just to throw a little petrol on the flames, Neil Young has put his Glastonbury 2009 set up on his website. Add that to him saying he's doing dates in Europe next year, plus a few other little bits and.."
The news comes just days after 79 year old Rod Stewart announced his intention to "stop playing large-scale world tours" at the end of 2025.
The Scottish singer will be following in the footsteps of Dolly Parton, Barry Gibb, Shania Twain and Kylie Minogue.
Speaking about headlining the event, Rod said he was "proud, ready and more than able to pleasure and titillate my friends at Glastonbury".
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated