Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The boss of Co-op Live's venture partner Oak View Group (OVG) has said he is ‘not embarrassed’ that the large-scale music venue is not opening as planned this evening.
The 23,500-capacity venue was due to officially open tonight (April 23) with a homecoming show from Peter Kay. The Bolton comedian was also set to perform a second night on Wednesday, but both shows were cancelled and rescheduled to next week due to work on the site not yet being complete.
During a test event at the £365 million arena on Saturday evening, which featured performances from Rick Astley and Everything Everything, Co-op Live bosses reduced capacity just hours before the show leading to frustration from fans who had already began making their way to the Eastlands venue.
READ MORE: Co-op Live was days from opening, then it all went wrong
On Monday morning (April 22), bosses annnounced that the venue would not be ready to open as scheduled on Tuesday due to power supply issues. The move led Peter Kay fans to also share their disappointment having already made arrangements for the two shows, and to complain over the way they had found out about the cancellations.
Appearing on BBC North West Tonight on what should have been Co-op Live’s big opening day, OVG’s Managing Director Tim Leiweke was asked whether it was a source of embarrassment that the venue wasn’t opening tonight. He responded: “No, I think it’s a source of commitment to safety and expectations and trying to make sure that when people come in the building we do it right.”
He added: “We have work to do this week, we’re not embarrassed by moving Peter Kay.”
Mr Leiweke, the former CEO and president of music and sports venue operator AEG, said that Co-op Live bosses were in regular contact with local emergency services to ensure the building is safe. In his own statement, Peter said on Monday that he was 'truly gutted' about the situation, but the OVG boss said the comedian had been 'fantastic' and 'completely understood' what needed to be done.
“Peter Kay and us both agreed let’s be safe, let’s make sure it’s a great experience,” Mr Leiweke told the BBC. “[There is] hourly contact with police, fire department and city [council] on what we’ve gotta do to make sure this building’s right, and that’s what we’re gonna do.”
Speaking about the impact that the cancellations have had on the thousands of fans who have already booked hotels, transport and car parking spots, alongside finding childcare and other arrangements, he added: “I feel terrible for them, but I will not put them in a bad situation here, so we’re gonna take another week and get this right.”
He added: “I’ve got a thousand people in here working today, we will get to the finish line but we will not open the building unless it’s safe.”
Alongside City Football Group (CFG), global real estate company OVG are equal joint venture partners and investors in the Co-op Live venue, which is now the biggest indoor arena in the UK. The Eagles, Eric Clapton, Olivia Rodrigo, Take That and Nicki Minaj are amongst some of the big acts lined up for shows at the venue this year.
The venue is now set to open on Saturday (April 27) with a show from American rock band The Black Keys. But instead of welcoming in the full capacity to the gig, there will be a reduced attendance of 10,000 fans with the venue only opening the 'lower bowl' space.