The new “Mean Girls” film, an adaptation of the Broadway musical based on the 2004 movie, is surprising some audiences who didn’t know the film is a musical—but they may not have known because film studios have been reluctant to market musical movies as actual musicals for fear it’ll turn off audiences.
The new "Mean Girls" film is an adaptation of the Broadway musical based on the 2004 film. (Jojo ... More Whilden/Paramount via AP)
Some shocked “Mean Girls” viewers are going viral—one video originally posted to TikTok and later uploaded to X depicting an audience that groaned and laughed when a character burst into song has been viewed nearly 36 million times on the platform formerly known as Twitter, and another theatergoer claimed some audience members who disliked the music walked out early.
The new “Mean Girls” film, released in theaters Friday, is a musical based on the Broadway production, which is based on the 2004 film of the same name—but some theatergoers say they didn’t know the film was a musical because it wasn’t made clear in the trailers.
The official trailer for “Mean Girls,” released by Paramount Pictures in November, doesn’t contain any of the film’s original music and is instead set to “get him back!” by Olivia Rodrigo, though a final trailer released last week did contain a snippet of an original song (Paramount did not immediately respond to a request for comment from Forbes regarding the strategy).
Movie marketers are cautious about emphasizing the musical aspect of these films in marketing materials because some recent musicals, like “West Side Story” and “In the Heights” were box office flops, BoxOffice Pro chief analyst Shawn Robbins told the Hollywood Reporter.
Other films that brought Broadway productions to the screen, like “Dear Evan Hansen” (2021) and “Cats” (2019), failed at the box office.
“Wonka,” a musical released in December, also downplayed the musical element of the film in advertisements because “test-audience focus groups generally hate musicals,” Deadline reported.
“If you spell out the word musical, people have pre-formed opinions. Musical has a connotation that [characters] are going to sing every word, and audiences can be turned off,” one studio marketer told The Hollywood Reporter.
Though film studios may sometimes shy away from marketing musical films as musicals, that hasn’t stopped them from producing these movies—three films currently playing in theaters are musicals, including “Mean Girls,” “The Color Purple” and “Wonka.” “Wonka,” which opened in theaters on Dec. 15, has made a strong showing at the box office with more than $470 million in total worldwide gross so far. “The Color Purple” has struggled at the box office after notching a record $18 million first-day domestic gross on Christmas day—though it has had a decent showing so far this awards season, with two nominations at the Golden Globes.
“Mean Girls,” an adaptation of the Broadway musical based on the 2004 film—which itself is based on Rosalind Wiseman’s book “Queen Bees and Wannabes”—stars Reneé Rapp as Regina George, five years after she starred in the Broadway production as the same character, and Angourie Rice plays Cady Heron. The film was written by Tina Fey, who also wrote the original film, and she plays teacher Ms. Norbury in both films. The film opened to mostly positive reviews: It has a 71% score on Rotten Tomatoes based on 110 reviews.
How “Mean Girls” will fare at the box office. Deadline is projecting the film will be No. 1 in its first weekend at the domestic box office with about $30 million in total gross. So far, it’s already grossed $3.25 million in preview screenings, Deadline reported.
Are Studios Shy to Market Musicals as … Musicals? (The Hollywood Reporter)
‘Mean Girls’ Is Queen Bee Of MLK Weekend But Will Be Only Cool Kid In January – Box Office Preview (Deadline)
‘Mean Girls’ Begins Weekend Rule With $3M+, ‘Beekeeper’ Collects $2M+ – Box Office (Deadline)