Glastonbury is returning to Somerset for 2025 in what is expected to be another star-studded line-up of big and exciting music acts.
Tickets for the five-day music and arts festival will be going on sale this week - with many hoping the artists set to perform will top this summer’s line-up, which included the likes of Shania Twain, Coldplay and Dua Lipa.
Whilst no artists have officially been confirmed for 2025, rumours have so far have mentioned possible appearances from musicians including The Libertines, Olivia Rodrigo. and Eminem.
READ MORE: Coldplay and Katy Perry to headline Capital Jingle Bell Ball 2024 - here’s how to get tickets
One thing that many people will know about the Worthy Farm event is that it is not, traditionally, held each and every year. There are a number of reasons why, but this usually revolves around the importance of keeping the site - a working dairy farm - operating as normal outside of the event.
The 900 acre site is home to the farm’s herds of cows when the festival isn’t taking place, and the festival’s ‘fallow’ years gives ‘the land a rest’ and also allows the cows to ‘reclaim their land’ without disruption.
Traditionally, Glastonbury runs for four or five years in a row before taking a year off. The last time the festival had a year off was in 2018 - but the reason there has not been an official fallow year since was because the 2020 and 2021 events were ultimately cancelled due to the pandemic.
Earlier this year, festival boss Emily Eavis said it was likely that the festival would take a fallow year in 2026 - which means many people will be trying to secure tickets for the 2025 event.
Speaking on the BBC’s Sidetracked podcast this summer, Emily was asked whether she had any acts booked for next year’s festival. “I have a vague idea in my head of who is going to be doing it next year,” she revealed.
She then added to hosts Annie Mac and Nick Grimshaw that she expected 2026 to serve as a break from proceedings. She told the pair: “Then we might do a fallow year after that. It's looking like we are due a fallow year.”
Emily also spoke about why the fallow year is important both to the festival, which is attended by more than 200,000 people each time round, but also to the 900 acre land. She explained: “The fallow year is important because it gives the land a rest, and it gives the cows a chance to be out for longer and reclaim their land.”
She continued: “It gives everybody a little time to switch off - and the public as well. I know we’re in the middle of it but it is a lot isn’t it? And then you go away for a bit and it feels lovely when you come back.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.