Ratings peaked in the 9:45 p.m. quarter-hour with 18.25 million viewers during the In Memoriam segment.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	The 2024 Grammy Awards were a hit with reviewers and also with audiences. Viewership was up 34% from last year, averaging 16.9 million viewers, the show’s largest audience since 2020.

	Live +3-day viewership will lift the audience past 17 million viewers.

	The Grammy Awards remains the No. 1 music awards show for the 18th consecutive year.

	On Paramount+, Grammy Awards live viewership was its highest ever, up +173% from last year.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The show peaked in the 9:45 p.m. quarter-hour with 18.25 million viewers during the In Memoriam segment, which featured performances by Fantasia Barrino (honoring Tina Turner), Stevie Wonder (feting Tony Bennett), Annie Lennox (Sinéad O’Connor) and Jon Batiste (Clarence Avant).

	










	The 2024 Grammy Awards dominated social media with 62.6 billion potential impressions, ranking as the No. 1 social entertainment event of 2024. (Potential impressions are the estimated number of people who might have viewed posts related to this topic. NetBase calculates potential impressions based on followers/fans of original posts and followers/fans of engagements.)

	 #Grammys trended in the top 10 in the U.S. for 12 hours and peaked at No. 1. Nearly all of the top trending topics last night were related to the Grammys.

	As of this morning there were 56.4 million social video clips consumed of Grammys content.

	Broadcast and streaming information is according to Nielsen time zone-adjusted fast national and Out of Home ratings for Sunday, Feb. 5 and internal data.

	The show was held at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles, where it has been held for 21 of the past 25 years. Trevor Noah hosted for the fourth consecutive year.  As always, the telecast had something for everybody. Performers ranged from 20-year-old superstar Olivia Rodrigo to music legend Joni Mitchell, who is still adding to her considerable legacy at 80.

	The 66th annual Grammy Awards were produced by Fulwell 73 Productions for the Recording Academy for the fourth consecutive year. Ben Winston, Raj Kapoor and Jesse Collins served as executive producers. Hamish Hamilton directed the show and was one of six producers.

	Kapoor and Hamilton won’t have much time to bask in the glory of the Grammys’ solid reviews and ratings. Kapoor is also set to executive produce the Oscars (along with Katy Mullan) on March 10. He will additionally serve as showrunner. Hamilton is set to direct. It will be Kapoor and Mullan’s first time executive producing and Hamilton’s fourth time directing the Oscars.

	










	Billie Eilish, who performed “What Was I Made For?” on the Grammys, is expected to perform that nominated song on the Oscars as well.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.