What a badass. Huge props to Olivia Rodrigo for thinking about the future of young girls. Via the Guardian:
Madelyn Ritter expected to leave the St Louis date of Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts tour with merch – she didn’t expect to also go home with some free emergency contraception.
But that’s just what she saw upon entering the stadium. There, right by the women’s bathrooms, was a table where concertgoers could donate to abortion funds and pick up free condoms or morning-after pills, also called Plan B.
“We noticed it immediately,” said Ritter, who is 25 (and, as she jokes, “too old” to love the 21-year-old pop star). “I was like ‘what’s this about?’ They told me it was free, so my sister, her friend and I all took some. I personally don’t need it, but I’m going to save it in case something bad happens.”
Last month, in conjunction with her world tour, Rodrigo launched the Fund 4 Good campaign, which aims to protect women’s and girls’ reproductive rights. A portion of sales from the tour will go toward the fund. As part of the initiative, Rodrigo paired with the National Network of Abortion Funds, which connected her with local chapters at various stops on the tour.
Olivia Rodrigo gave St. Louis concertgoers Plan B last night -- and Missouri Republicans are fuming   https://t.co/tYa3W3kLII
— Riverfront Times (@RiverfrontTimes) March 13, 2024
Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS World Tour in St. Louis handed out free Plan B pills to fans who wanted them, from the Missouri Abortion Fund. pic.twitter.com/RM085eYHTs
— Pop Base (@PopBase) March 13, 2024
Hi, Plan B is not an abortion drug. Legal and safe access to abortion actually helps women because the lack of access makes all the things you mentioned so much harder. Abortion bans are dangerous and @oliviarodrigo is awesome for fighting back against those.Hope this helps. https://t.co/hPaGMJYNag
— Joe Thomas, MD (@DocWithBowtie) March 14, 2024
Curious how the Disney Channel churns out so many high priestesses of child sacrifice. https://t.co/IzoY5c5J96
— Breitbart News (@BreitbartNews) March 14, 2024
For over 20 years we have been exposing Washington lies and untangling media deceit, but social media is limiting our ability to attract new readers. Please give a one-time or recurring donation, or buy a year's subscription for an ad-free experience. Thank you.
To become an ad-free subscriber please select one of the following two options. Once you click your selected plan a window will open taking you to Admiral, our ad-free partner.
If you don't mind the ads and would rather donate, please select one of the options below: