Sabrina Carpenter is taking over the music scene and now, she's making waves in the world of drinks. With Espresso surpassing one billion streams on Spotify and her sixth studio album 'Short n' Sweet' on the horizon, Carpenter has collaborated with American grocery chain Erewhon to launch a smoothie named after her upcoming release.
Erewhon took to Instagram on Thursday (August 8) to announce the partnership, following in the footsteps of previous collaborations with stars like Olivia Rodrigo and Hailey Bieber.
The Short n' Sweet Smoothie boasts a tropical fruit mix with organic coconut and honey, enhanced with collagen and pearl powder, and finished with a touch of spirulina for a vibrant blue hue. However, at $23 (£18), fans might consider creating their own version at home despite the premium ingredients such as vanilla collagen, reports the Mirror.
For those daring enough to try it out, here's the full list of ingredients, as shared by Erewhon.
Despite the excitement, some of Sabrina's followers noted a seemingly obvious omission. On Instagram, stephanie.aida pointed out: "Something espresso themed def a missed opportunity".
Echoing this sentiment, Vicplottwist posted: "An espresso smoothie would've made more sense here," and lololosugar added: "with a side of Espresso". Betzagram questioned: "Wait not an espresso one?". lukexpresti also chimed in with surprise: "it doesn't have espresso???".
Sabrina Carpenter's Short n' Sweet Smoothie is available for purchase for $23, with a portion of the proceeds being donated to the JED Foundation for mental health.
If you want ideas and inspiration to plan your next UK adventure plus selected offers and competitions, sign up for our 2Chill weekly newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.