Instagram; Getty Images
Olivia Rodrigo may have the ~guts~, but does she have the ink?
The “good 4 u” singer-songwriter has revealed several tattoos over the years, and one thing’s for sure — she loves a matching tat. So, how many ink designs does she have?
Keep reading for a guide to Olivia’s tattoos:
It’s unclear the exact number of tattoos she has, however, after she wrapped up her GUTS World Tour in October 2024, she revealed in an Instagram post that she received a “few matching tattoos” while on tour.
One of the matching tattoos she received while on the GUTS tour included a five-pointed star with her dancer, Alex White. While we don’t know whether other members from her team also received the symbol, the motif has been one of the most repetitive designs that’s been used throughout the promotion of GUTS.
She posted a photo of the matching tats on her Instagram, which showed the dancer’s star on her arm, while Olivia opted for the symbol on her finger.
“That’s a wrap on the GUTS World Tour! 95 shows, 22 countries, and a few matching tattoos! Words cannot describe how lucky I feel to have been able to travel all around the world playing these songs with the most extraordinary group of people,” she wrote in the post, which included several photos from the road.
“I’ll never forget this experience and all the sweet memories we made on the road,” she continued. “Thank you so much to everyone who bought a ticket and sang and screamed and jumped with me. Sharing these nights with y’all has been a real honor. Andddd if you missed the show or ya just wanna relive it again with me, the concert film comes out Oct. 29 on Netflix.”
That’s not the only tattoo — or matching one — that Olivia has received! In 2022, the “driver’s license” singer got a set of matching tattoos with a group of friends, opting for a heart outline on the tip of her pinky finger.
Sadly, not even a year later, the singer joked that the heart didn’t look like a heart at all now and that it was more like she “smudged Sharpie on [her] hand,” she explained on a 2023 interview with Wired —and because of that, she didn’t “really classify it as a tattoo.”
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved