Manage your account
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH) — From county artist Sam Hunt at Nationwide Arena to a production of “Beauty and the Beast” benefitting Nationwide Children’s Hospital, here are things to see and do this weekend in central Ohio.
Nationwide Arena at 7 p.m. on Thursday 
The Columbus Blue Jackets face the Carolina Hurricanes.
Ohio Theatre at 7:30 p.m. on Friday and Saturday 
Opera Columbus and the Columbus Symphony present “Eugene Onegin.” hen sensitive Tatyana bares her soul in a love letter to the dashing Eugene Onegin, he coldly rejects her and flirts with her sister, resulting in a deadly duel with his trusted friend, Lensky. Years later, Onegin returns, tortured by guilt and remorse.
Palace Theatre at 7 p.m. Friday, 1 and 5:30 p.m. on Saturday and 1 p.m. Sunday 
Butterfly Guild, an organization of women committed to supporting Nationwide Children’s Hospital, is producing a Broadway-style production of “Beauty and the Beast” as part of its largest annual fundraiser.
Nationwide Arena at 7:30 p.m. on Friday
Dubbed “the most innovative mainstream Nashville performer” by The New York Times, the five-time Grammy nominee and Diamond-selling Hunt sets course for his arena headlining tour with stops in Louisville, Nashville, Milwaukee, Green Bay, and more.
Columbus Museum of Art from 5 to 8 p.m. on Saturday 
Columbus Museum of Art comes alive with fun and playful experiences for the whole family to enjoy together. This year’s theme is inspired by the art of Aminah Brenda Lynn Robinson. Evening highlights include Aminah inspired artmaking in the Studio, a collaborative Lego construction build, cardboard challenge, DJ and dancing, and delicious dinner and dessert buffets.
Nationwide Arena at 7 p.m. on Monday 
The Columbus Blue Jackets face the Vegas Golden Knights.
From the McConnell Arts Center and the Ohio History Center to the King Arts Complex and Drexel Theatre, many organizations are hosting events celebrating Black History Month.
Interactive panels, art workshops, donation drives and more are popping up across central Ohio this March in celebration of Women’s History Month.
From the reimagined Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey at the Schottenstein Center to Olivia Rodrigo and Bruce Springsteen at Nationwide Arena, more than two dozens top artists and shows are performing in central Ohio this spring.
For more events, view NBC4’s community calendar.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to NBC4 WCMH-TV.