(Photo by Frazer Harrison/Getty Images)
Singing sensation Olivia Rodrigo is using her power and influence to raise funds and awareness for pro-abortion organizations.
The three-time Grammy-winning singer launched an organization called Fund 4 Good, in association with her 77-date Guts World Tour that kicked off the last week of Feb, according to USA Today.  She reportedly partnered with the non-profit organization, National Network of Abortion Funds, which is comprised of 100 abortion funds across North America. The star has pledged to donate a portion of her ticket sales from each show to local abortion funds as part of her initiative, the outlet reported.
olivia has launched Fund4Good, a global initiative committed to building an equitable and just future for all women, girls and people seeking reproductive health freedom. get more info & donate at http://oliviarodrigo.lnk.to/fund4good
 ♬ original sound – livies hq ❤️ 
Rodrigo is passionate about the cause, and is using her world tour as a way to ensure the topic remains prevalent and information on supporting pro-life organizations is readily available to her fans, according to USA Today.
Oriaku Njoku, NNAF’s executive director, issued a statement about the partnership to the outlet.
“Supporting abortion funds has never been more critical, in an era where abortion access is under relentless attack,” he reportedly said.
LAS VEGAS, NEVADA – SEPTEMBER 18: Olivia Rodrigo performs on the Daytime Stage at the 2021 iHeartRadio Music Festival at AREA15 on September 18, 2021 in Las Vegas, Nevada. EDITORIAL USE ONLY (Photo by Mat Hayward/Getty Images for iHeartMedia)
“We are excited to be in partnership with Olivia Rodrigo, as she’s uplifting the critical work of abortion funds, and leading (her fans) into the movement towards reproductive freedom!” Njoku said, USA Today reported.
Rodrigo is not only bringing funding opportunities and awareness to the forefront. She’s also reportedly gttaking steps to ensure information is readily available to her fans. The star has arranged for local organizations to have a physical presence at her shows, according to the outlet.
US singer Olivia Rodrigo arrives for the 64th Annual Grammy Awards at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on April 3, 2022. (Photo by ANGELA WEISS / AFP) Photo by ANGELA WEISS/AFP via Getty Images
Kamyon Conner, Texas Equal Access Fund’s executive director, said the group is “excited and grateful to Olivia Rodrigo for her support of abortion access through her GUTS tour, and we applaud her for using her platform and voice to shine a light on the critical work of abortion funds and bust abortion stigma,” according to a statement issued to USA Today.
Rodrigo shared the launch of Fund 4 Good on her TikTok page, shortly before her Palm Springs concert kick-off at the end of Feb.
Olivia Rodrigo performs onstage during the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards at Barclays Center on September 12, 2021 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images for MTV/ViacomCBS
“The fund will directly support community-based nonprofits that champion things like girls’ education, support reproductive rights and prevent gender-based violence,” she said.
Olivia Rodrigo attends the Disney+ “High School Musical: The Musical: The Series” season 3 premiere at Walt Disney Studios on July 27, 2022 in Burbank, California. Photo by Momodu Mansaray/Getty Images
“A portion of all proceeds from ticket sales for the GUTS World Tour will go to the Fund 4 Good, which I’m very excited about.” (RELATED: ‘None Of It Will Bring My Children Back’: Former Pussycat Doll Kaya Jones Tells Crowd She Regrets Her Abortions)
Abortions are currently banned in 12 states and unavailable in two more, the Guttmacher Institute said in January. Many other states have passed laws limiting access to abortions since the Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade in June 2022.
https://dailycaller.com/author/Leena/
TRENDING
©2025 The Daily Caller, Inc.
The Daily Caller | 1775 Eye Street NW | Suite 1150-290 | Washington, DC 20006
Subscription Type
Unlimited digital access to The Daily Caller
Premium Article: Subscribe for $1 to read the rest.

							Continue Reading
						
Already have an account?Login
A membership will get you:
Please create a free account to continue reading.

							Sign Up
						
Already have an account?Login
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service

I have read and agree to the Terms of Use
I have read and agree to the Terms of Use

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


						I have read and agree to the Terms of Use


					With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				With personal stories and down-to-earth life lessons, this mother is taking on narratives of feminism and motherhood. Catch her in your inbox every Thursday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


				He's breaking the Left's monopoly on advice columns and hot takes. Add a little humor to your inbox every Friday.
			

				I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

						I have read and agree to the Terms of Service


					Amber Duke, senior editor at the Daily Caller, delivers the inside scoop from Washington straight to your inbox.
				

					Twice a week, get original reporting, sharp analysis, and biting commentary—all from the perspective of a blue-collar kid stuck in the Beltway.
				

							I have read and agree to the Terms of
								Service

$3.00
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$8.25
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
$9.95
A Month
Cancel Anytime
$12.50
A Month (Billed Annually)
Cancel Anytime
Honor Our Heroes Program: Verify your Active Military, Veteran, or First Responder Status for Additional Discounts
Readers,
Instead of sucking up to the political and corporate powers that dominate America, The Daily Caller is fighting for you — our readers. We humbly ask you to consider joining us in this fight.
Now that millions of readers are rejecting the increasingly biased and even corrupt corporate  media and 
					joining us daily, there are powerful forces lined up to stop us: the old guard of the news media hopes 
					to marginalize us; the big corporate ad agencies want to deprive us of revenue and put us out of business; 
					senators threaten to have our reporters arrested for asking simple questions; the big tech platforms want 
					to limit our ability to communicate with you; and the political party establishments feel threatened by our 
					independence.
				
We don't complain -- we can't stand complainers --  but we do call it how we see it. We have a fight on our 
					hands, and it's intense. We need your help to smash through the big tech, big media and big government blockade.
				
We're the insurgent outsiders for a reason: our deep-dive investigations hold the powerful to account. 
					Our original videos undermine their narratives on a daily basis. Even our insistence on having fun infuriates 
					them -- because we won’t bend the knee to political correctness.
				
One reason we stand apart is because we are not afraid to say we love America. We love her with every fiber of 
					our being, and we think she's worth saving from today’s craziness.
				
Help us save her.
A second reason we stand out is the sheer number of honest responsible reporters we have helped train.  We have 
					trained so many solid reporters that they now hold prominent positions at publications across the political 
					spectrum. Hear a rare reasonable voice at a place like CNN? There’s a good chance they were trained at Daily 
					Caller. Same goes for the numerous Daily Caller alumni dominating the news coverage at outlets such as Fox News, 
					Newsmax, Daily Wire and many others.
				
Simply put, America needs solid reporters fighting to tell the truth or we will never have honest elections or a 
					fair system. We are working tirelessly to make that happen and we are making a difference.
				
Since 2010, The Daily Caller has grown immensely. We're in the halls of Congress. We're in the Oval Office. 
					And we're in up to 20 million homes every single month. That's 20 million Americans like you who are impossible 
					to ignore.
				
We can overcome the forces lined up against all of us. This is an important mission but we can’t do it unless you — 
					the everyday Americans forgotten by the establishment — have our back.
				
Please consider becoming a Daily Caller Patriot today, and help us keep doing work that holds politicians, 
					corporations and other leaders accountable. Help us thumb our noses at political correctness. Help us train a new 
					generation of news reporters who will actually tell the truth. And help us remind Americans everywhere that there 
					are millions of us who remain clear-eyed about our country's greatness.
				
In return for membership, Daily Caller Patriots will be able to read The Daily Caller without any of the ads that 
					we have long used to support our mission. We know the ads drive you crazy. They drive us crazy too. But we need 
					revenue to keep the fight going. If you join us, we will cut out the ads for you and put every Lincoln-headed cent 
					we earn into amplifying our voice, training even more solid reporters, and giving you the ad-free experience and 
					lightning fast website you deserve.
				
Patriots will also be eligible for Patriots Only content, newsletters, chats and live events with our reporters 
					and editors. It's simple: welcome us into your lives, and we'll welcome you into ours.
				
We can save America together.
Become a Daily Caller Patriot today.
Neil Patel
Internal promotions, affiliate content, recommended content and spam will be embedded in their paid 
					content and players may still be included on the site.
				
CONTENT
CONTINUE READING FOR $120 $1
ALSO, ENJOY THE MANY BENEFITS OF PATRIOTS MEMBERSHIP