From Olivia Rodrigo to the Spice Girls, shop them now to show your fan allegience. 
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
You can never go wrong with a crisp white T-shirt. But for times when you want a shirt that’s just as comfortable but with a bit more personality, my go-to is a concert tee. While you could brave the long lines at an Olivia Rodrigo show to scoop up this prized merch, you could also avoid the crowds by shopping Amazon’s Artist Merch Shop, which features officially licensed products from over 150 acts.  
Tees and hoodies celebrating the latest albums from Billie Eilish and Dua Lipa are available, as well as vintage-inspired apparel from your favorite artists of yesteryear—think: pop icons like the Spice Girls and Elton John. Shopping through the storefront helps ensure you’re scoring artist-approved merch that’s legit (here’s your heads-up that Taylor Swift’s merch is not licensed on Amazon, so if that deal on an Eras Tour tee seems too good to be true, it is).
Not only does most of Amazon’s merch come in multiple colorways, but it’s often cheaper than what you’ll find on tour, with most prices ranging between $25-$50. Ahead are some of ELLE’s favorite artists you can shop from the storefront—from today’s biggest names to bands that bring on the nostalgia. 
Shop the Amazon Music Artist Merch Shop
Be one of the first to represent your love for Billie’s latest album with a tee touting the HIT ME HARD AND SOFT cover art. Our editors called it a “game-changing” record. 
A scroll through Britney’s Amazon merch storefront feels like listening to her greatest hits on repeat. Score a “...Baby One More Time” tank or grab a “Lucky” long sleeve for chillier weather.
Upgrade your everyday hoodie with this bold red option from Dua Lipa’s storefront. With the entire track list from Radical Optimism on the back, it’s sure to start conversations wherever you go.
Spice up your life with merch that feels straight out of homeroom. There are ample ways to style this graphic tee, so it’s the perfect pick for both the Sporty and Posh Spices of the world. 
Kacey’s “Saturn has returned,” and with it, she’s ushering in a new folky renaissance. Even her merch—like this sweatshirt (available in two neutral hues)—has gone from glam “Space Cowboy” to earthy “Heart of the Woods.”
The Stones’ signature lip logo got a geometric refresh ahead of their latest album, giving this retro-inspired baseball tee an updated look. 
Seems like the trucker hat phenomenon is here to stay. Whether you’re a cap connoisseur or want to try the trend for the first time, there’s no better place to start than with this orange one that’s “so american.”
Doja has never shied away from an unconventional look, and as such, her concert merch doesn’t either. This cropped tee works with both baggy denim or a mini skirt. 
Most of Dolly’s merch features fantastic vintage photos of the country legend. This fun tee comes in ten different colors. 
This playing card-themed Mariah Carey tee from her Las Vegas residency is so good, you’ll be fielding compliments left and right. As Mimi once sang, “Why you so obsessed with me my shirt?”
If wearing your go-to karaoke song on your shirt is wrong, then I utterly refuse to be right. I’ll obviously be pairing this one with my finest Western wear for a look worthy of “going out tonight, feelin’ alright.”
If you’re already sporting Y2K-inspired chunky sandals and barrettes, then you might as well make your relationship with the early aughts official with merch from the Backstreet Boys’ Millennium album, which you can get on Amazon for just $25.
The beauty of Amazon’s musical merch is that you can score exclusive concert gear without leaving your living room. We’ll be bringing this “Thee Hot Girl Summer Tour” tote to the grocery store all season long. 
If you preferred NSYNC in the battle of the ’90s boy bands, Amazon is stocked with everything from “It’s Gonna Be Me” T-shirts to “Bye Bye Bye” hoodies.  
If you’re feeling nostalgic for the days “when rock was young,” then snag this “Crocodile Rock” tee, stat.
Lady Gaga’s extensive merch store allows Little Monsters to rep gear from every album in her discography, whether you prefer songs from her danceable Born This Way era or pared-back tracks from Joanne.
Long gone are the days of missing half of the show while waiting in never-ending merch lines when you can simply snag one on Amazon instead. This Post Malone tee boasts art on both sides.   
While fans in the know will assume you snagged this at one of Justin’s tour stops, it also looks like it could have come from your favorite roadside farm stand.
Before there was Dua or Ariana, there was Whitney. Show your love for one of the world’s greatest pop icons with this tee.
Jack Harlow’s merch is so good that people might be convinced that this comfy crewneck is from a trendy new athleisure brand. 
A Shopping Editor’s Review of COS
The Ultimate Guide to Chic One-Piece Swimsuits
Luxe Earth Sign Gifts for Taurus Season
Where Fashion Insiders Find Designer Deals
The Launch: Fashion News to Know This April
Sofia Grainge Releases Summer Mommy-and-Me Styles
Elevate Mom’s Everyday Moments With These Gifts
Wild Flowers: ELLE’s May Shopping Guide
Puma’s Speedcat Ballet Sneaker Is Trending
Make Mother’s Day Shine With Stunning Jewelry
Wedge Heels Are Spring’s Hottest Shoe Trend
Yes, Long Sleeve Swimsuits Can Be Chic
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.