Olivia Rodrigo gave out emergency contraception and condoms at her concert on Tuesday (March 12).
The "Good 4 U" hit-maker's fans who attended her show in St Louis, Mo., where abortion was almost completely banned after the landmark Roe v. Wade ruling was overturned in 2022, also received information from the Missouri Abortion Fund and Right By You, a text hotline that connects young people to birth control, abortion care and information about reproductive rights.
Post shared by concertgoers on social media showed the Missouri Abortion Fund handed out free boxes of the one-step emergency contraceptive pill, under the brand name Julie, which has the same ingredients as the Plan B One Step pill and helps prevent pregnancy when taken within 72 hours after unprotected sex.
The non-profit organization wrote on X: “It’s brutal out here in Missouri, but we are here for abortion access and hand out Plan B with @TextRightByYou."
The charity had booths at the concert, where fans could also access free condoms, heart-shaped stickers carrying links to various abortion resources, and a square sticker with a QR code and the words, “Funding abortion? It’s a good idea, right?” written across it.
Olivia announced last month she would be donating a portion of proceeds from her tour to her Fund 4 Good, which vows to assist women "seeking reproductive health freedom."
In a TikTok on the fan page @liviesHQ, she shared: “I wanted to come on here and tell you about something I’m really excited about, which is the Fund 4 Good, which is an initiative I’m launching as part of the Guts World Tour.
“The Fund 4 Good works to support all women, girls and people seeking reproductive health freedom. The fund will directly support community based non-profits that champion things like girls’ education, support reproductive rights, and prevent gender-based violence.”
What's more, the "brutal" hit-maker is teaming up with the National Network of Abortion Funds in North America to “help those impacted by healthcare barriers and getting the reproductive care they deserve.”
The 21-year-old star previously expressed how she is determined to raise awareness of "women's issues in America" after performing at the Ace Hotel DTLA in Los Angeles in October in a bid to raise money for her non-profit.
She told People magazine: "Its initiative is to raise awareness for certain groups that are championing women's issues in America and all of the other territories I'm going to.
"I'm very excited, and I think it's going to be a very fulfilling and hopefully productive experience.
"Lots of the money is going to abortion funds to help provide some resources to people who are in need of reproductive healthcare."
Gallery Credit: Natasha Reda