By KATE DENNETT FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  00:39, 27 September 2024   |  Updated:  01:29, 27 September 2024   
 12
View  comments
Aussie Oasis fans are set to face a huge scramble for tickets for the band's upcoming tour Down Under.
Liam and Noel Gallagher sent fans wild when they confirmed they would finally be reuniting after Oasis famously disbanded in August 2009.
They first announced a string of UK and Europe dates and teased world tour plans were underway, and it has now been revealed they will be visiting Australia.
According to NME, Oasis will be taking to the stage in Sydney and Melbourne, with the exact tour dates and number of shows still yet to be confirmed.
However, the rockers will reportedly not be visiting Brisbane, Adelaide or Western Australia, with fans set for hours-long travel for the select concerts.
New Zealand has also seemingly been snubbed from the Oceania dates, meaning there will be no doubt be even higher demand for the Australian concerts.
Some fans took to X - formerly known as Twitter - to share their dismay at the amount of Aussie cities that look to be snubbed on the upcoming tour.
One user wrote: '1: Typical ('Australian Tour') & 2: Looks like I'll be going to Sydney and Melbourne... @oasis at Adelaide Oval would of been solid!'
Disgruntled Aussie Oasis fans could be set to face a huge scramble for tickets as the Gallagher brothers have missed out a string of key cities on their 2025 tour (pictured: Liam Gallagher)
A second fumed: 'Noooooooooo please not just Sydney and Melbourne @liamgallagher @NoelGallagher @oasis Perth is little Britain.' 
Meanwhile, a disappointed fan from New Zealand wrote: 'Looks like I'll be going to Aussie.' 
'Not too many dates then really, or are they doing them more then once maybe?' another theorised.
After ticket chaos for the UK leg of the tour, demand is expected to be sky-high for the Australian dates as it will be the first time the Wonderwall hitmakers have toured the country in 19 years. 
Oasis are not the first A-list talents to have caused fury Down Under in recent weeks by snubbing a string of notable Aussie cities on their upcoming tours.
Global pop star Dua Lipa was notably hit by huge backlash for skipping over Brisbane and Perth on her upcoming 2025 tour.
Controversial Brit rocker Pete Doherty also divided fans when he unveiled the list of cities his popular band The Libertines will be visiting in April 2025. 
Aussies on the West Coast were left devastated upon learning the band will only be hitting three major cities across the East Coast - Sydney, Melbourne and Brisbane.  
Taylor Swift memorably also only visited Sydney and Melbourne during her sold-out Eras tour earlier this year, with fans forced to scramble for the sought-after tickets.
According to NME, Liam and Noel (pictured) will be taking to the stage in Sydney and Melbourne, but will not be visiting Brisbane, Adelaide or Western Australia on their 2025 tour
Many Oasis fans have already been left empty-handed when the hotly-anticipated 17-date UK reunion tour sold out in a matter of hours in an online fiasco. 
Around 14million fans faced eight-hour queues in a bid to get their hands on the highly-sought-after tickets to see the rock band live, with many still missing out.
While other lucky fans managed to nab tickets, many were forced to splash out huge amounts on them after dynamic pricing saw costs soar to almost double within mere hours.
The Gallagher brothers then made tickets available for another two Wembley shows via a staggered invite-only ballot, but many fans were left disappointed after not being called up for the sale despite queuing for hours in the first sale.
Australian tickets will likely go on sale through Ticketek or Live Nation, who respectively sold tickets for other global stars including Taylor Swift and Olivia Rodrigo.
Frontier Touring are also a major provider Down Under, and have been responsible for advertising tickets for both Take That and Billie Eilish's 2024 Australia tours.
Many Oasis fans have already been left empty-handed when the hotly-anticipated 17-date UK reunion tour sold out in a matter of hours in an online fiasco (Oasis are pictured in 2008) 
While no news has been confirmed on Ticketek's website, there is a generic waitlist page encouraging fans to sign up to be the first to know 'when an Oasis tour hits Australia'.
It reads: 'Want to know when an Oasis tour hits the Australia? Want to know when Oasis tickets go on sale?
'Waitlist your favourite events and we'll contact you when any information becomes available.'
Daily Mail Australia also understands that the ticket pricing for Aussie shows would be dictated by the artist, rather than the ticket provider.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group