Those hoping to attend this year's festival have one final chance to bag tickets...
After the first batches of tickets to Glastonbury 2025 sold out last November and with the first line-up now revealed, here’s everything you need to know ahead of the final re-sale this weekend.
​With 2026 set to be a fallow year, this year’s edition should be a big one. Here’s all the information you need in your quest to secure tickets for 2025, and everything else we know about Glasto 2025.
The initial main batch of coach and ticket packages for Glastonbury 2025 sold out in just 32 minutes when they went on sale on Thursday, November 14. Standard tickets then went on sale on Sunday November 17 before being snapped in just 35 minutes.
If you didn’t manage to secure tickets in the first round, re-sale tickets – those that are unwanted by fans, or for any balances that had not been paid – become available in the spring. Ticket and coach travel options went live at 6pm on Thursday April 24, but these sold out in just 31 minutes.
Coach tickets for @Glastonbury 2025 are now SOLD OUT. The general admission ticket resale will take place Sunday at 9am (BST).
Confirmation emails are going out now to everyone who got @Glastonbury coach tickets this evening.
— See Tickets (@seetickets) April 24, 2025
General admission tickets will go on sale at 9am BST this Sunday (April 27) ahead of accommodation options at 11am BST. You must be registered before you can purchase tickets in the re-sale (see below for more info).
The main re-sale on April 27 is likely to be the final chance to secure tickets for Glastonbury 2025.
Last year, coach and ticket re-sale options sold out in just 18 minutes, while general admission re-sale sold out in 22 minutes. It followed the news that Glastonbury 2024 had the “highest percentage of ticket balances paid ever” – meaning that “very limited” tickets were available in the re-sale, according to festival boss Emily Eavis.
Glastonbury Festival 2024. Credit – Matt Cardy
As revealed last year, general admission tickets will be £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, which is an increase of £18.50 from 2024. An extra cost will be added for the coach fare if you purchase a coach package, depending on the journey destination.
As always, Glasto-goers need to register with basic contact details and a passport-style photo before attempting to buy tickets. However, registration for 2025 is now closed ahead of the main re-sale on April 27.
If you registered prior to 2020 and want to try and get tickets again this year, you may need to check if you still have a valid registration. You can do so here.
This year, the festival have introduced a queuing system for tickets.
This means that instead of having to refresh to attempt to access the booking page once tickets go live, everyone who is already on the page will randomly be assigned a place in a queue once ticket sales begin.
Glastonbury bosses confirmed on the festival’s website: “Anyone who logs on once the sale has started will automatically be added to the back of the queue, so it’s important to make sure you are online ready at least a few minutes before the sale opens.”
Reaction to the new queuing system for the first batch of tickets was mixed, with one hopeful attendee describing it as “my new enemy”, and another saying, “Being in a queue for Glastonbury tickets is so boring what happened to manically refreshing the page every five seconds.”
Rather than being shown a number indicating their place in the queue, it appeared that people could keep track of their progress through a grey bar on their screen – the further along the queue, the more green blocks appear over the bar.
Additionally, organisers have introduced Google and Apple Pay payments for the first time.
Keeping with Glasto tradition, the 2025 festival will take place on the final weekend of June, running from Wednesday June 25 to Sunday June 29 at at Worthy Farm in Pilton, Somerset.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
In early March, organisers shared the first line-up poster for Glastonbury 2025 (see below). It revealed that the previously-confirmed Neil Young would be gracing the Pyramid Stage with his live band The Chrome Hearts on Saturday night. He’ll headline alongside The 1975 and Olivia Rodrigo on Friday and Sunday, respectively.
Topping the bill over on the Other Stage will be Loyle Carner (Friday), Charli XCX (Saturday) and The Prodigy (Sunday).
Other big names across the weekend include Biffy Clyro, The Maccabees, Lucy Dacus, Father John Misty, RAYE, Wolf Alice, The Prodigy, Doechii, St. Vincent, Deftones, Scissor Sisters, The Libertines and Wet Leg.
There’s a host of Glasto first-timers, too. These include Alanis Morissette, Noah Kahan, Lola Young, Myles Smith (winner of this year’s BRITs Rising Star award), Busta Rhymes, Brandi Carlile and Gary Numan.
Also among the first acts were Weezer, AJ Tracey, Future Islands, JADE, TV On The Radio, Self Esteem, CMAT, Blossoms, Jorja Smith and Turnstile. Organisers promised that “many more acts and attractions [were] still to be announced” in the coming months.
Glastonbury then began revealing its separate area line-ups one-by-one, including Woodsies, West Holts, Shangri-La, Acoustic Stage and Silver Hayes. The extensive full bill – complete with stage breakdowns and times – is expected in late May or early June.
In the meantime, you can see the first poster below and the full line-up and stage splits so far here.
A post shared by Glastonbury Festival (@glastofest)
Aside from the festivals cancelled due to COVID, the last time Glasto had an official fallow year was in 2018. However, Emily Eavis has confirmed that a fallow year for the event is set to take place in 2026 to “give the land a rest”.
That means, there will be a one-year break before Glastonbury returns in 2027.
If you don’t manage to get a ticket or simply can’t afford one, then there are alternative ways to get into the festival – as long as you’re prepared to put in a bit of work. Numerous charities have a presence at the festival and require volunteers to help out across the weekend.
In return for your ticket, you’ll be asked to complete shifts across the festival – the length and number of these vary, depending on which charity you attend with. Be warned: you may have to pay a deposit for your ticket, which can be the same price as the entry to the festival. For more information, visit Glastonbury’s jobs page.
Check back at NME here for the latest Glastonbury news, interviews, and more.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.