"We predict amazing things happening in music this year and it is truly an honor to even be a part of it," reads a statement from The Last Dinner Party.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


The Last Dinner Party comes first in the BBC Radio 1’s Sound of 2024, an annual poll that tips-off the next big thing in music.

	Based in London, the indie rock-pop quintet — Abigail Morris (vocals), Georgia Davies (bass), Lizzie Mayland (guitar), Aurora Nishevci (keys) and Emily Roberts (lead guitar) — captured the buzz on both sides of the Atlantic last year, thanks in part to “Nothing Matters,” their breakthrough debut single. 

	“Nothing Matters” was a legitimate alternative radio hit in the United States, cracking the top 10 (peaking at No. 8) on Billboard’s Adult Alternative Airplay chart dated Sept. 23.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					The Last Dinner Party		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Along the way, the band performed at Glastonbury Festival 2023, opened for the Rolling Stones in London’s Hyde Park, embarked on their first North American tour, and headlined a show at London’s Roundhouse.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“We are overjoyed to have won BBC Radio 1’s Sound Of Award for 2024,” the bandmates enthuse in a statement. “We predict amazing things happening in music this year and it is truly an honor to even be a part of it. BBC Radio has championed us and so many other young artists from the start of their careers, we still can’t believe it every time we hear one of our songs being played.”

	If 2023 was the warmup, 2024 should be the payoff.

	New track “Caesar on a TV Screen” turns up on Billboard’s latest Friday Music Guide, ahead of the release next month of the band’s full-length debut Prelude to Ecstasy.

	The Last Dinner Party was selected by a panel of over 140 industry experts and artists, including Olivia Rodrigo, Declan McKenna, Chase & Status, Mahalia and others.

	It’s a rare double for the newcomers; they’ve already collected this year’s BRITs Rising Star Award, a result that raises expectations for the five-piece to fever pitch.  

	With the Corporation’s coveted award, the Last Dinner Party joins the likes of previous winners Adele, Sam Smith, Haim, Ellie Goulding, Sigrid and last year’s champion, Flo.

	“Every artist who has been nominated or won over the years is such a powerhouse, it humbles us to join their ranks,” the band continues in a statement. “Thank you to guitar music for never dying. Bands are back, baby.”

	Honorable mention this year goes to Olivia Dean, Peggy Gou, Tyla and Elmiene, who respectively complete the BBC’s top 5 list of acts to watch.

The top five acts for Sound of 2024:










Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.