In  News by Porter AndersonSeptember 18, 2024
There are 21 publishers with work represented in the 2024 edition of the American Literary Translators Association awards.
By Porter Anderson, Editor-in-Chief | @Porter_Anderson
Today (October 18), we look at the American Literary Translators Association‘s (ALTA) longlist of 24 titles translated into English from a total 17 languages and 21 publishers.
The winning translators in this program’s two categories—for a 10th year, both prose and poetry—are to be named on October 26 at ALTA’s 47th annual conference in Milwaukee, with an intermediary announcement of shortlists on October 10, six days before the opening of Frankfurter Buchmesse (October 16 to 20).
Each of the two winners is to receive US$4,000 in this competition, which was founded in 1998.
In a comment on the release of these longlists, ALTA’s Racheal Daum is quoted, saying, “With works spanning continents and centuries, this year’s longlists continue the National Translation Award’s commitment to celebrating diverse, exciting works in translation. 
“ALTA is also extremely grateful to the prize juries, who considered some of the largest batches of submissions in the history of the National Translation Awards. Without their time, expertise, and tireless effort, these prizes would not be possible.”
In line with  the coverage we provide of book and publishing awards programs from many parts of the world—the United Kingdom being far and away the most prolific in terms of prizes—we have recommended to ALTA’s competition organizers that they follow the examples of the Booker Prize Foundation, the British Academy Book Prize for Global Cultural Understanding, and the Baillie Gifford Prize for Nonfiction and report at whatever interval of weeks or months is comfortable on how sales of their two winning translations have gone after the announcement of their wins.
Doing this (a) gives credence to the marketplace value of a prize program’s winners, (b) could reveal some of the energy of translated work on the market, and (c) make it clear to the publishing industry that there really is value in “the golden sticker” instead of asking the book business to take it on faith that these contests are helping to raise the visibility of various titles.
This is an era of runaway awards programs in publishing. As consumers’ eyes glaze over in bookstores filled with those golden stickers, it’s not too much to ask these programs for some evidence that their programs actually can raise the visibility of a good book.
Jurors for this year’s prose entries are Philip Boehm, Shelley Fairweather-Vega, Will Forrester, Joon-Li Kim, and Poupeh Missaghi.
The Annual Banquet of the Gravediggers’ Guild 
By the Rivers of Babylon 
Cold Nights of Childhood 
The End of August 
The Hunger of Women 
Kairos 
The Liar 
Not Even the Dead 
This is Not Miami
See our interview with German agent Bettina Wißmann about pitching ‘This Is Not Miami’ at Books at Berlinale
Traces of Enayat
See our interview with Iman Mersal here
Whale 
The World at My Back 
The jurors in the poetry category for 2024 are Kazim Ali, Ronnie Apter, and Mary Jo Bang. 
And the Street
Bathhouse and Other Tanka
Central American Book of the Dead 
Delicates
The Dragonfly
A Friend’s Kitchen
The Iliad 
Landless Boys
Ovid’s Metamorphoses
The Roof of the Whale Poems
Shining Sheep
Winter King 
More from Publishing Perspectives on translation is here, more from us on the American Literary Translators Association is here, and on publishing and book awards is here.
Porter Anderson has been named International Trade Press Journalist of the Year in London Book Fair's International Excellence Awards. He is Editor-in-Chief of Publishing Perspectives. He formerly was Associate Editor for The FutureBook at London's The Bookseller. Anderson was for more than a decade a senior producer and anchor with CNN.com, CNN International, and CNN USA. As an arts critic (Fellow, National Critics Institute), he was with The Village Voice, the Dallas Times Herald, and the Tampa Tribune, now the Tampa Bay Times. He co-founded The Hot Sheet, a newsletter for authors, which now is owned and operated by Jane Friedman.
 Tags: American Literary Translators Association, Book Prize, Iman Mersal, National Translation Awards, Poetry, prose, Translation, Translators, United States
Sign up to get our FREE email edition, Monday to Friday!