Take That fans have breathed a sigh of relief after the band announced they are moving their five Co-op Live Arena gigs to the AO Arena next week and not cancelling the shows.
The band announced on their social media pages this evening (May 2) that their shows were moving amid the ongoing troubles at Co-op Live - with just one date having to change.
Take That were due to play the new venue across five dates next week following Keane and Olivia Rodrigo's now cancelled concerts at the weekend.
READ MORE: All the updates on a day of turmoil from Co-op Live
After the arena was forced to pull A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's show on Wednesday night (May 1) following 'technical issues', the likelihood of future gigs at the arena were thrown into doubt.
The statement from Take That said: "Given the ongoing technical issues around the opening of the Co-Op Live Arena we have taken the difficult decision to move our May shows to the AO Arena where we have enjoyed many great nights over the years.
"This is not a decision we have taken lightly, but we wanted to give our fans as much notice as possible.
"We’re mindful many of you will already have travel and accommodation plans in place, so we have chosen this option to minimise inconvenience to as many people as possible.
They added: "Our dates in June in Manchester remain unaffected."
Fans of the band were quick to react to the announcement, calling the move the ‘right decision’ and saying the Co-op live should be ‘ashamed’.
Commenting on Take That’s post Joanne Quinn wrote: “100% the right decision. Co op arena ought to be ashamed of themselves! Thank you boys.”
Mark Allister added: “Well done TT for sorting out the co-op arena mess and a big thank you to AO Arena for setting this amazing nights for all TT fans. Just proves local people have made this happen. Can't wait to see TT.”
Ellen Balaban said: “Brilliant decision. Think this is the outcome we all wanted.”
Slamming the further delays to opening of the Co-op live, Mandy Stewart wrote: “What an embarrassment. Heads should role.”
Chris Mclean simply wrote: “The Co-Flop live.”
Fans also thanked the bands for not cancelling the gig in their droves.
Lisa Bottomley wrote: “Excellent news your fans won’t be disappointed- you have relighted my fire.”
Lianna Deacon said: “Well done guys for taking this into your own hands and thinking of the fans!”
Echoing her comment, Jacqui Mee said: “Great work boys! Thinking of the fans first.”
Terry Heap added: “Well done for making the decision now rather than risk it being cancelled at last minute!” and Neila Caldwell said: “Me and my friend have been stressed so much over this but now we can breath and relax.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.