By MATT DEMARCO FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  03:11, 15 October 2024   |  Updated:  03:26, 15 October 2024   
 4
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo has broken her silence after suffering a dramatic stage fall at her Melbourne concert.
The pop star, 21, took to the stage in front of around 14,000 fans at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena on Monday night for her fourth and final concert in the city.
She put on her usual high-energy performance but left fans horrified during one tense moment when she suddenly fell through a hole in the stage.
And now the singer has taken to TikTok to partake in the 'subtle foreshadowing' trend on the social media platform.
The trend uses footage, usually from someone falling down or failing in some way, but intercuts the end of the original footage into the middle of the video.
Olivia took fan footage of the Melbourne concert and spliced her fall sooner in the video.
She captioned her post with 'subtle foreshadowing,' which sent her fans wild in the comments.
'OMG I LOVE YOU OLIVIA RODRIGO,' one fan gushed. 
Olivia Rodrigo has broken her silence after suffering from a dramatic stage fall at her Melbourne concert. Pictured
The pop star, 21, took to the stage in front of around 14,000 fans at Melbourne's Rod Laver Arena on Monday night for her fourth and final concert in the city. She put on her usual high-energy performance but left fans horrified during one tense moment when she suddenly fell through a hole in the stage
'Not me thinking "subtle foreshadowing" could be a next song or a next album,' wrote one more fan.
Another commenter replied, 'Next song? Possibly. Next album? No. It has to be 4 letters so probably...Fall.'
The stage mishap came during Olivia's fourth and final Melbourne show as she is now set to travel over to Sydney for her final run of Australian concerts.
And now the singer has taken to TikTok to partake in the 'subtle foreshadowing' trend on the social media platform. The trend uses footage, usually from someone falling down or failing in some way, but intercuts the end of the original footage into the middle of the video
Olivia took fan footage of the Melbourne concert and spliced her fall sooner in the video. She captioned her post with 'subtle foreshadowing,' which sent her fans wild in the comments
She will perform at four sold-out shows at the Qudos Bank Arena on October 17, 18, 21 and 22 for thousands of eager fans who managed to get their hands on tickets. 
Sydneysiders are hoping they might be treated to a surprise song after Olivia surprised her Melbourne fans to a very rare performance on Thursday night.
As well as her usual set list, Olivia sang her ballad All I Want, which is performed by her character Nina in the hit show High School Musical: The Musical: The Series.
It was believed to be the first time that Olivia had belted out the track on her Guts tour.
Footage from the standout moment was shared to TikTok by concertgoer Katerina Walczak and sent Olivia's fans worldwide into a complete frenzy.
As well as All I Want, Olivia also performed some of her best-known tracks, including Vampire, Traitor, Love Is Embarrassing, Bad Idea, Right? and Logical.
Olivia's Guts tour supports her second critically acclaimed studio album by the same name, which bagged her six Grammy nominations, including Album of the Year and Song of the Year.
It is also her first arena tour to date, which has seen her fill out some of the world's most famous venues including Madison Square Garden in New York and London's O2 Arena.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group