The "Malibu" singer was sued by Tempo Music Investments, who claim her chart-topping track shares similarities to Mars' "When I Was Your Man."											

												Despite being in the industry for 20 years, Miley Cyrus wonders why she's had to wait decades to earn respect from her peers. The singer told W Magazine that the...											

												The "My Heart Will Go On" singer, 56, made a surprise appearance at the awards show in February, presenting Taylor Swift with the album of the year award.											

												Leave it to Taylor Swift to pull a fashionable fast one on us all.											

												Folake Olowofoyeku, star of the CBS sitcom "Bob Hearts Abishola" and the first Nigerian to play a Nigerian on Prime Time Television, recently stopped by the Page Six studios. She...											

												Spanning the entire length of Fox's arm from shoulder to wrist, the design features cherry blossoms and a bird in flight, among other motifs.											

												As a fan pointed out on Twitter Tuesday, Swift may have used her jewelry to drop a hint at her musical tribute to the silent-film icon.											

												The 34-year-old is well-known for providing Easter eggs about what she's working on through her outfits and beauty choices.											

												The 14-time Grammy winner appeared in good spirits as she kicked off her four-night Tokyo stint by filling up the 55,000-seat Tokyo Dome Stadium.											

												The "My Heart Will Go On" songstress was seen happily singing alongside Grammy-nominated songwriter Sonyaé in a video taken backstage at Crypto.com Arena.											

												The stylish Kansas City Chiefs tight end gave Swift's Schiaparelli ensemble his stamp of approval.											

												Backstage at the Grammys, Céline Dion sang with Stevie Wonder — and made amends with Swift.											

												According to The Sun, the "Blank Space" singer treated members of her staff to luxe handbags and jewelry after her historic night on Sunday.											

												The Kansas City Chiefs tight end, 34, was quizzed on his famous girlfriend's upcoming project titled "The Tortured Poets Department," which she announced while picking up a Grammy award on...											

												The "Anti-Hero" singer made history Sunday night after winning her fourth album of the year award — which has never been done before — for "Midnights."											

												She swapped her corseted Schiaparelli Haute Couture gown from the ceremony for another white-hot look.											

												Relive the hottest moments from the 66th annual Grammy Awards with Page Six. Highlights from music's biggest night came courtesy of host Trevor Noah, Dua Lipa, SZA and Billy Joel....											

												Swift faced backlash for not acknowledging Dion onstage after the "My Heart Will Go On" singer presented her the award for album of the year.											

												The "Anti-Hero" singer attended the star-studded 2024 Grammys afterparty in Los Angeles on Sunday night after winning album of the year.											

												The longtime couple proved they're still going strong as they stepped out for the Aerosmith frontman's Jam for Janie bash at the Hollywood Palladium on Sunday.