By MELODY FLETCHER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:55, 23 August 2024   |  Updated:  17:12, 23 August 2024   
 193
View  comments
Stepping out in her tiny pink dress with heart cutouts to perform for more than 100,000 on the Eras Tour was not something anyone was expecting from the suddenly popular popstar Sabrina Carpenter.
Bright-eyed and bushy tailed, the 25-year-old is known for her sexy old-school Hollywood style, suggestive lyrics and not-so-serious attitude to fame, even Sabrina herself has dubbed her fame from her recent hit Espresso as an 'overnight success 10 years in the making,'.
The star's new album Short n Sweet is released today - and already has two number one hits - Espresso and Please, Please, Please.
The 12-track pop sensation is the culmination of a whirlwind 18-months for the star - who saw her fame grow exponentially since opening for Taylor Swift's Eras Tour, becoming embroiled in an alleged love triangle with fellow star Olivia Rodrigo - and of course going viral on TikTok.
But the 4ft11' singer's stardom is more than a decade in the making. She landed her first role aged 11, as a guest in NBC's Law & Order, before finding fame in the Disney Channel's Boy Meets World as Maya Hart.
The pint-sized popstar released four albums under Disney, without any singles cracking the Billboard Top 100 -  before her fifth 'Emails I Can't Send' (with Universal's Island Records), finally pushed its way to the US Billboard charts at number 23 and gave her the limelight she deserved.
In the two years since the album came out, Sabrina now is one of the music industries most watched singer with smash-hit producer Jack Antonoff recording her latest album and the Queen of Pop Taylor Swift taking her under her wing as a mentor.
But it's not just her lengthy showbiz career that's proved noteworthy – her list of A-list boyfriends has caused quite the stir – from supposedly dating Saltburn's Barry Keoghan to feuding with fellow pop star Olivia Rodrigo over rumoured love interest Joshua Basset. Other songs on the album are rumoured to be about her love traingle with Shawn Mendes and Camilla Cabello 
Here FEMAIL delves into Sabrina's professional track record and personal life – and how her slow rise to stardom has helped carve out her career.
Sabrina Carpenter performs during the 2024 Governors Ball Music 
Sabrina stars opposite Jenna Ortega in her new music video for Taste
The star often shares saucy snaps online - pictured in a Brazil shirt and bikini
Slow rise to the top 
Sabrina Carpenter was born in May 1999 in Quakertown, Pennsylvania, to Elizabeth and David Carpenter and was the youngest of four sisters.
Growing up, Sabrina was homeschooled and headed to Los Angeles at the age of 13 to kick-start her acting career.
Sabrina wasn't the first in her family to enter the showbiz world, her aunt is Nancy Cartwright, is the voice of Bart Simpson and many other animated characters including Chuckie Finster from the Rugrats.
In 2021, Sabrina told Wired that the 'talented' Scientologist was her father David Carpenter's sister and gushed about 'learning so much just from' observing the 'legend.'
In the summer of 2012, Sabrina bagged another acting role playing Chloe Goodwin in the sitcom The Goodwin Games before making her way to Disney.
Sabrina is pictured as child - she started acting before the age of 10 before landing a role on Disney 
In another snap we see her as a toddler sporting a red Ohio State jersey while raising her hands
Sabrina first found fame as Maya in Girls Meets World
Sabrina Carpenter attends the Worldwide Launch Of The Music Video For "Kids Helping Kids: Japan in 2011
It's reported that Nancy left her Catholic upbringing to join the Church of Scientology in 1991 and received a Scientology's Patron Laureate Award after donating $10,000,000, almost twice her annual salary to the church.
She had previously defended the Church after an HBO documentary about Scientology, titled 'Going Clear', was released in 2015.
Backing the Church, Cartwright said: 'That movie, I don't know what to tell you, it's called prejudice.
'It's very irresponsible reporting.'
However, many people including The Kings of Queens actress Leah Remini, who have left the church report how they were subjected to decades of psychological manipulation.
Sabrina's first break, whether her aunt helped her or not was in 2011 at the age of 12 when she stared in Law & Order: Special victims Unit as a girl named Paula who had experienced abuse from a sex trafficking ring.
Speaking to NME, she said: 'They were very nice to me on that set, it was so new, like, I didn't know anything.'
There, she was a voice actor for Sofia the First, and then moved on to playing Maya Hart in the Disney Channel series Girl Meets World in 2013.
Speaking to Cosmo on her lengthy career she revealed: 'I think sometimes it is great to see how far you've come and how you've grown and other times it's a little too humbling for me to see how much my hair used to be teased when I was 13.'
'I did always know I wanted to perform, at two years old when the thought entered my head, it never left.'
Proving a massive success on TV Disney-owned label Hollywood Records decided to snap Sabrina up for a five-album deal, though only four were made, her first single 'Can't Blame a Girl for Trying,' was co-written by Meghan Trainor.
Looking back on the song Sabrina said: 'We all have to have that thing we look back on and go 'well, I was young.'
Friends in high places
Sabrina's aunt is the voice of Bart Simpson Nancy Cartwright (right). They are pictured with Robin Williams
Sabrina is pictured at the Met Gala with her 'on-off' boyfriend Barry Keoghan
The star often shares saucy pictures online 
Sabrina was full of praise for her Taylor in the Rolling Stone interview, gushing: 'I hold her to such a different echelon (pictured in September 2023)
Sabrina performed with Taylor during the Eras Tour 
Taylor today shared support for Sabrina on Instagram urging Swifties to go support her
Not only does Sabrina have family members in the industry but she's also been able to make friends with some of the masters of pop – including Taylor Swift.
Sabrina, who has been a fan of the 34-year-old since she was a child managed to bag the slot of a lifetime as Taylor's opening act on the Era's Tour.
Before coming on stage Sabrina played a video of her younger self covering the singer's 2006 hit 'Picture to Burn' before heading into her own music.
She played alongside Taylor for six months on the tour and duetted with the superstar on one occasion singing 'White Horse' from her Fearless album together.
Speaking of the monumental moment on Instagram, Sabrina said: 'Nine-year-old Sabrina singing White Horse would never see this s**t coming!
'I love you so, so, so dearly Taylor. Always have, always will.'
Sabrina is pictured on the Jimmy Fallon show to promote her new album Short n Sweet
Sabrina also appeared to leak the new Manchester United strip while posing with Griff
Her newfound friendship saw her celebrate Taylor's 34th birthday along with Taylor's right-hand man Jack Antonoff.
Superstar producer Antonoff is behind some of the decade's best-selling Albums including Taylor's Midnights, The Tortured Poets Department, Lana Del Ray's Chemtrails over the Country Club, and Lorde's Melodrama.
Now Jack Antonoff has sprinkled his production magic into Sabrina's new album Short & Sweet and has helped write Please, Please, Please.
And Jack only had amazing things to say about Sabrina to Rolling Stones, 'The way she puts things, I'm immediately right there with her… And [for] anyone who's got to see her live, let alone record her, she's an unbelievable singer. When you're in the presence of that kind of voice, all you want to do is capture it.'
Thanks to the backing of her new showbiz friends, Sabrina has been able to sellout Arena shows across the US and UK, playing the O2 Arena twice despite only playing six shows in the UK previously.
Fashion collabs
 Sabrina Carpenter posed for Kim Kardashian's Skims brand in May
She posted the snaps to her Instagram and captioned them, 'hellooo it's sabrina your spring @skims girl,' she wrote, along with a hearts, cherry, and bird hatching emoji. 'Spring intimates drop 4.03 at skims.com'
 In April, Sabrina became the latest celeb to model Kim Kardashian's Skims brand, posing in a sizzling Spring campaign.
However, not everyone was impressed with Sabrina's high profile modelling job, with fans wondering if her touring partner and pal Taylor Swift approved of the collab with her rival Kim.
Taylor, 34, and Kim, 43, have been locked in a feud since 2016, and rising star Sabrina is a close friend of Taylor's, joining her as a support act for several dates of her Eras tour.
Following the backlash she faced for working with The Kardashians star, speaking to Rolling Stone , Sabrina has finally broken her silence on the controversial decision.
The Pennsylvania-born blonde insisted that the collaboration didn't cause any bad blood between her and Taylor.
She told the publication: 'As much as people want to believe you're tuned into every little thing, I'm not because I'm constantly working. 
'In that scenario, I've been very, very communicative with her about that situation, and I just love her so much and support her till the end.
'So it was no weirdness for me, but I know people will just say things because that's all they have time to do.'
Viral success leading to chart-topping hits 
One of Sabrina's biggest reasons in her road to success is picking up the TikTok market -partly due to her  2022 song Nonsense, which almost didn't make the cut on her album Emails I Can't Send.
When performing the song live, Sabrina tweaks the outro for quippy statement about wherever she is - which often got videoed and then went viral.
While performing Nonsense at Governors Ball in June, she changed the outro lyrics to send a message of support to the LGBTQ+ community.
'Do I text him back, it’s such a tough call / That won’t fit inside me, bro, I’m dumb small / People who hate Pride / can suck my Gov Ball,' she sang, eliciting an uproar from the audience.
'Happy Pride New York!' the entertainer, who is known for reworking the Nonsense outro, later shouted. 
While at BBC's big weekend she cheekily sang: 'BBC said I should keep it PG. BBC I wish I had it in me. There's a double meaning if you dig deep,' while performing at Coachella she sang 'Made his knees so weak he had to spread mine. He's drinking my bath water like it's red wine. Coachella see you back here when I headline,' in reference to her boyfriend Barry's infamous Saltburn scene. 
And last year she released a holiday remix called A Nonsense Christmas.
Her success online certainly led to chart success too.
In June. the songstress , 25, has become the youngest female artist to reach number one and two in the same week in the UK. 
She smashed the Official Charts Company record this week after her two of her catchy tunes topped the charts. 
Please Please Please and Espresso are the secret to her success after the latter earned its place as number one for five weeks on the run. 
Her catchy melody was only knocked of its pedestal after her new single, Please Please Please, soared to number one just days after its release. 
Working late has been worth it for Sabrina Carpenter. The songstress , 25, was announced as the youngest female artist to reach number one and two in the same week in the UK
Please Please Please and Espresso are the secret to her success after the later earned its place as number one for five weeks on the run. Her catchy melody was only knocked of its pedestal after her other single, Please Please Please, soared to number one just days after its release
Before Sabrina, Ariana Grande achieved the same two-spot hold in the same week when she was 25 years, seven months and 20 days old in February 2019.
Ariana achieved such success after she reached number one with 7 Rings, Break Up With Your Girlfriend and I’m Bored in at number two.
Sabrina has thoroughly secured herself in the world of pop after she achieved the UK’s most streamed song this week with Please Please Please totalling 9.8 million combined streams. 
Espresso came in second with 8.1 million - which Spotify dubbed 'song of the summer'. It now has more than one billion streams.
Young love and squabbling teens
Prior to Sabrina being a household name, she was dating fellow Disney actor Joshua Bassett in 2020.
The couple were spotted lunching together around LA and shared sweet snaps of them dressed up as Shark Boy and Lava Girl for Halloween the same year.
Despite the pair breaking up in 2021, they became headline news the summer of that year after Olivia Rodrigo released her first album Sour, which seemingly had plenty of shade thrown Sabrina's way.
Olivia had dated Joshua prior to Sabrina and lyrics from the album left fans wondering if Olivia's single 'Driver's License' was about the blonde-beauty.
'And you're probably with that blonde girl / Who always made me doubt,' Olivia says in the first verse. 'She's so much older than me / She's everything I'm insecure about.'
It didn't take long for fans to put two and two together, Sabrina is four years older and dated Joshua right after Olivia.
The rumours were only fuelled by Sabrina who then went on to release the song 'skin' where she sings: 'Maybe then we could pretend / There's no gravity in the words we write / Maybe you didn't mean it / Maybe blonde was the only rhyme,' and fans were quick to jump on the similarities.
While the scandal was relatively small, it did help propel both young women into the spotlight for good, and Sabrina's latest love-interest has crowds of fans screaming too.
After the release of the critically-acclaimed film Saltburn last year, Barry Keoghan because a sex symbol for women across the world.
At the time, Barry and his long-term girlfriend Alyson Kierans, whom he shares a son named Brando with, but the pair announced their split shortly after the film came out in July 2023.
'He was really aware that it’s Sabrina’s video, it’s Sabrina’s day, he didn’t want to be the one that’s holding up a shot or taking too much time or space,' the director recalled
The creative mind behind Sabrina Carpenter ’s ‘Please Please Please’ music video - Bardia Zeinali - opened up about working with her boyfriend, Barry Keoghan
Her video for hit single Feather in a Catholic church, which caused a furore. 
Monsignor Jamie J Gigantiello issued a grovelling apology and was sacked as church administrator after the former Disney star turned sex siren cavorted in the apse of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary Church in Brooklyn.
His furious bishop Robert Brennan was 'appalled' at the video for Feather which has now attracted 11 million views online, sprinkling the altar with holy water as he forced Gigantiello to conduct a 'Mass of Reparation'.
The video shows Carpenter, 24, arrive provocatively dressed at the church in a pink hearse for the 'funeral' of former boyfriends in front of an altar decorated with their pastel coffins, one of which includes the inscription 'RIP B****'.
'I offer my sincere apologies for this shameful representation which I whole-heartedly denounce,' Gigantiello told his parishioners in a letter posted on Facebook.
'I agreed to the filming after a general search of the artists involved did not reveal anything questionable.'
The priest, who has served at the Victorian church for 29 years said he granted permission for the video in a bid to 'further strengthen the bonds between the young creative artists who make up a large part of this community'.
The church originally claimed Carpenter's team 'failed to accurately represent the video content'.
But that did not wash with his Bronx-born bishop who concluded that he was told enough to know the video would feature 'inappropriate behaviour unsuitable for a church sanctuary'.
Six months later Barry and Sabrina were rumoured to be seeing each other and were snapped at the Met Gala in New York in May of this year together.
To further drive the rumour mill, Sabrina featured Barry in her latest music video 'Please, Please, Please' as her bad boy love interest and at Coachella this summer changed the outro to 'Nonsense' to 'Man his knees so weak he had to spread mine / He's drinkin' my bath water like it's red wine / Coachella, see you back here when I headline,' with Barry watching the whole performance.
However, the pair have been rumoured to have broken up although no one has confirmed it and he has liked her most recent Instagram post.
While Sabrina doesn't love the attention that comes with fans looking into every detail of her life, she has made her peace with it.
'I want to be honest – I want to just write about what's happening in my life as a 25-year-old girl. But it comes with the territory and I just have to be like … OK!,' she said.
And while it seemed her family did everything to get her on track to be the next star, Sabrina has airred out her families dirty laundry, including her dad, David,
The first single on her 2022 album, Emails I can't send reveals Sabrina finding out about an affair she claims her dad had on hher mum.
Lyrics read: 'And if I do, then I blame you for every worst that I assume, When I'm 45, someone calls me their wife, And he f**ks our lives in one selfish night, Don't think I'll find forgiveness as fast as mom did.'
The blonde-haired superstar is a household name everywhere thanks to her suggestive outros of her track 'Nonsense' and summer smash hit 'Espresso' but that hasn't always been the case for Sabrina Carpenter.
Despite a length record of albums, singles and acting spot, the 25-year-olds rise to stardom has taken years to pull off and it'
Famous fans
Sabrina Carpenter was left thrilled as Adele revealed she is a huge fan of her music while performing during her Las Vegas residency.. 
The 16-time Grammy Award winner, 36, took a break from her setlist to speak to the crowd and heaped on praise to Sabrina, 25. 
She explained how she headed back to her hotel late after one of her shows and she found herself singing the lyrics to Sabrina's hit song Espresso. 
While sitting on a piano stool on stage, Adele broke into the catchy tune and gushed, 'it's my jam'.
The Hello singer said: 'As I got into bed last night, because [it] was a very late night for me, I found myself singing "I'm working late, cus I'm a singer", that Sabrina Carpenter song — that song is my jam!
Sabrina Carpenter was left thrilled when Adele revealed she is a huge fan of her music while performing during her Las Vegas residency on Sunday
The sixteen-time Grammy Award winner, 36, took a break from her setlist to speak to the crowd and heaped on praise to Sabrina, 25
'It came out when I couldn't sing. So all last night that's all I've been singing.' 
The former Disney actress, who opened for Taylor Swift in Latin America, Asia and Australia on her Eras Tour, couldn't believe the news and quickly retweeted an article sharing the moment. 
Sabrina joked: 'All I read was Adele thinks about me in bed <3.'
The Nonsense singer also re-shared a clip to her Instagram and wrote: 'Um guys can someone check on me'. 
Fans were quick to take to the comments to say 'Adele really is like all of us' and commended her for 'giving props to other artists'. 
'You know you’ve made it when Adele has your song stuck in your head'.
'I love how Adele gives props to other artists so freely. She’s a girls' girl.'
'Adele is my spirit animal tbh.'
'Adele really is all of us.'
Adele explained how she headed back to her hotel late after one of her shows and she found herself singing the lyrics to Sabrina's new hit song Espresso
She said: 'As I got into bed last night, because [it] was a very late night for me, I found myself singing "I'm working late, cus I'm a singer", that Sabrina Carpenter song, that song is my jam!'
The former Disney actress, who opened for Taylor Swift during her Eras Tour, couldn't believe the news and quickly retweeted an article sharing the moment
Sabrina joked: 'All I read was Adele thinks about me in bed <3,' she also reshared the clip to Instagram  and wrote: 'Um guys can someone check on me'
Fans were quick to take to the comments to say 'Adele really is like all of us' and commended her for 'giving props to other artists'
'Imagine an Adele x Sabrina collab tho.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group