If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

Sabrina Carpenter released her long-awaited sixth record, Short n’ Sweet, on Aug. 23, marking her first-ever No. 1 album on the Billboard charts. The “Espresso” singer is now in the middle of her first international arena tour — and fans in Los Angeles have a chance to win tickets to her sold-out tour.

	On Nov. 15 and 16 from 12 to 8 p.m., official tour partner T-Mobile is bringing the singer’s Sweet Spot pop-up truck at The Grove in front of Sephora — its last stop on the tour. T-Mobile customers can get sweet treats, shop limited-edition signed merch, get airbrush tattoos and enter to win VIP giveaways. Magenta status members can win prizes from the pop-up’s gumball machine, including tickets to Carpenter’s Nov. 15 show at Crypto Arena or the Nov. 17 concert at Kia Forum when the truck is parked on Friday and Saturday, respectively.

	Not a T-Mobile customer? You can still get tickets for select shows on the Short n’ Sweet tour at third-party resale sites including GameTime, SeatGeek, StubHub, Ticket Liquidator, Ticket Network and VividSeats. At the moment, one of the best deals on sold-out Sabrina Carpenter tickets is on Ticket Network, which is offering THR readers $150 off orders of $500 or more with code THR150 or $300 off purchases of $1,000 and up with code THR300.)

Related: The Best U.S. Music Festivals of 2024

	The tour comes after the singer dropped her “Taste” music video starring Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Jenna Ortega. (She previously released a video for “Please Please Please” featuring boyfriend and Oscar-winning actor Barry Keoghan.) In June, she announced her fragrance brand Sweet Tooth’s newest scent, Cherry Baby, an eau de parfum with notes of cherry cosmo, glazed apple, plum nector, brown sugar, dark chocolate patchouli and more.

	Keep reading to find out the best deals on Sabrina Carpenter tickets, the latest list of tour dates and where to shop merch (including her candy-scented fragrances) and exclusive vinyl editions of her new studio album, Short n’ Sweet.

	Although Short n’ Sweet concert tickets are now sold out on Ticketmaster, fans can find options on third-party resale sites including GameTime, SeatGeek, StubHub, Ticket Liquidator, Ticket Network and VividSeats.

	Last-minute concertgoers can potentially find major deals on Sabrina Carpenter tickets by checking availability online on the day of the show. (We previously spotted seats for Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift and Beyoncé concerts going for as little as $200 within hours of showtime.)

	Another option? Make it a vacation (as many Swifties are doing for the Eras Tour) and book a cheaper seat outside of your city and plan an itinerary around the show through Tripadvisor, Expedia and other travel booking sites.

	As mentioned, one of the best deals on Sabrina Carpenter concert tickets right now is at Ticket Network, which is offering THR readers a generous $150 off orders of $500 with code THR150 or $300 off $1,000 and up with code THR300. See below for more of the best promo codes on Short n’ Sweet tour tickets.

November 2024 Sabrina Carpenter Tour Dates

March 2025 Sabrina Carpenter Tour Dates

Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!