Menu
And the Grammy goes to...
It was music's favorite night of the year, the 66th Grammy Awards, and it came with many history-making moments, an arrest and a plea from Jay-Z for the academy to do better. 
Comedian Trevor Noah, the host for the fourth year in a row, kicked things off by reminding us that the Grammys are "still younger than America's next president."
Women quickly stole the spotlight, as Dua Lipa delivered a dynamic medley to start the show. Soon after, Miley Cyrus clinched Best Pop Solo Performance for "Flowers;" this was Cyrus first Grammy ever. In a matter of minutes, history was made as Karol G became the first female artist to win Best Música Urbana Album with "Mañana Será Bonito." Later, Cyrus snagged her second win, clinching Record of the Year with "Flowers."
Taylor Swift, the queen of the moment, etched her name in Grammy history by becoming the first artist to secure Album of the Year four times. Earlier, she also clinched her 13th award for Best Pop Vocal Album with "Midnights." 
Victoria Monét had a stellar Grammys debut, winning Best New Artist and scoring double victories with "JAGUAR II" for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical and Best R&B Album. Monét's 2-year-old daughter, Hazel Monét Gaines, made history by becoming the youngest person ever nominated for a Grammy Award.
SZA, who was leading the charge with a whopping nine nominations for her album "SOS" and the chart-topping track "Kill Bill," won three Grammys. 
SZA and Phoebe Bridgers claimed the first Grammy of the night with Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for "Ghost in the Machine” during the premiere ceremony. Bridgers then took an early lead by quickly winning four trophies ahead of the main show. 
"Barbie" scored an early victory with Billie Eilish's "What Was I Made For?" clinching a Grammy for Best Song Written for Visual Media, and later in the show, it went on to snatch the coveted Song of the Year title.
This year, there were three new categories: Best African Music Performance, Best Alternative Jazz Album, and Best Pop Dance Recording. “Padam Padam” by Kylie Minogue won Best Pop Dance Recording during the premiere ceremony; that was her first win in 20 years and her second ever Grammy Award.  
Jack Antonoff clinched Producer of the Year, Non-Classical, for the third year in a row, thanks to his stellar work on "Midnights," Lana Del Rey's "Did You Know That There's a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd," and The 1975's "Being Funny in a Foreign Language."
Killer Mike took home all three of his nominations. The Atlanta rapper secured victories in Best Rap Song and Best Rap Performance for "Scientists & Engineers," along with Best Rap Album for "Michael."
Of course, it wouldn't be an award show without some drama. 
Shortly after Killer Mike's win, videos surfaced online showing him being detained. There's no further information on what happened. 
Later in the night, Jay-Z didn't hold back when he received the Dr. Dre Global Impact award, criticizing the academy for never giving Beyoncé Album of the Year.
Some of the winners so far: 
Album of the Year
Taylor Swift - "Midnights"
Record of the Year
Miley Cyrus - “Flowers”
Best New Artist 
Victoria Monét
Song of the Year
Billie Eilish - “What Was I Made For?”
Best Pop Vocal Album
Taylor Swift - "Midnights"
Best R&B Song
SZA - “Snooze”
Best Country Album
Lainey Wilson - “Bell Bottom Country”
Best Música Urbana Album
Karol G - "Mañana Será"
Best Pop Solo Performance
Miley Cyrus - “Flowers”
Best Pop Duo/Group Performance
SZA Featuring Phoebe Bridgers - “Ghost in the Machine” 
Best Music Video
The Beatles - “I'm Only Sleeping" 
Best Rap Album
Killer Mike - “Michael” 
Best Rap Song
Killer Mike ft. André 3000, Future, and Eryn Allen Kane - “Scientists & Engineers”
Best Rap Performance
Killer Mike ft. André 3000, Future, and Eryn Allen Kane - “Scientists & Engineers”
Best R&B Album
Victoria Monét - “Jaguar II” 
Best Progressive R&B Album 
SZA - “SOS”
Best Country Song
Chris Stapleton - “White Horse”
Best Song Written for Visual Media
Billie Eilish - “What Was I Made For?”
Songwriter of the Year, Non-Classical
Theron Thomas
Best Pop Dance Recording
Kylie Minogue - “Padam Padam” 
Best Rock Album
Paramore - “This Is Why”
Best Rock Song
Boygenius - “Not Strong Enough”
Best Latin Pop Album
Gaby Moreno - "X Mi (Vol. 1)"
Producer of the Year, Non-Classical
Jack Antonoff
For the complete list of the 94 winners, check here.
Trending stories at Scrippsnews.com