Before her career took off like a rocket ship, Chappell Roan was opening for Olivia Rodrigo on her “Guts” tour. Now, with Roan in the midst of a truly once-in-a-lifetime career explosion, the two musicians just reunited at Rodrigo's Los Angeles show and basically staged the hair Olympics while performing Roan's hit “Hot to Go" together.
Both Rodrigo and Roan are known for their super-long, thick hair, and said hair was out in full force for the performance. Rodrigo's brunette hair hits just at her hip, while Roan's signature bright red curls end at mid-back. For the L.A. show, Roan wore her curls pulled up in a high half-ponytail with curly curtain bangs and Rodrigo stuck to her go-to effortless, messy rocker girl waves.
We're jealous of anyone who got to see the two superstars perform together, but we're also jealous that they were blessed with such a major beauty moment as this. Just look at their hair in motion! It's swishing. It's swaying. It's flying. It's perfect. If the hair Olympics were real, both would definitely win gold.
The singers' looks coordinated perfectly; they looked great as a pair, but each musician remained true to her signature look too. Roan was in full Chappell-style glam with hot pink blush, matching pink eye shadow, and bright red lips. Both she and Rodrigo wore a handful of tiny gemstones, with Rodrigo dotting her lids with sparkle and Roan wearing the crystals across her chest, arms, and hands. Rodrigo stuck to her old faithfuls: red lipstick and black nail polish.
Rodrigo and Roan are each having a massive year; Rodrigo has been on her sold-out Guts tour for much of 2024, and Roan has been breaking records at festivals and painting herself green like the Statue of Liberty to perform for enormous crowds. It's their world, and we're just living in it—and taking beauty notes, of course. Now, can we please get this duet on streaming services?
More major celeb beauty looks:
Now, watch Benito Skinner take on TikTok:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices