Take one look at the internet, and you'll likely learn there's another fashion item Gen Z has declared outdated or uncool ... usually to the dismay of millennials.
Born from 1997 to 2012, Gen Z has apparently outlawed everything from skinny jeans and Adidas Superstars to front-tucked shirts and no-show socks in a display of fashion power that can only be likened to Miranda Priestly from "The Devil Wears Prada."
But what if the narrative was flipped?
Business Insider spoke to fashion stylists and millennials Aisya Washington and Payton Dale to learn more about their opinions on Gen Z's worst trends, starting with shoes.
Here's what they had to say.
BI previously reported that the "office siren" is a "corporate aesthetic" characterized by '90s and 2000s styles like pencil skirts and red lipstick.
For Dale, the kitten heel being back is how she knows "we're in trouble."
She theorized the rise of the kitten heel's popularity is tied to some companies' efforts to encourage employees to return to the office.
RTO mandates have become common among many major employers, including Apple, Google, and Disney, and in September, Amazon CEO Andy Jassy announced that corporate employees must return to their offices five days a week, up from the previous mandate of three days.
"The kitten heel being back shows me that they are desperate for every single person to get back in the office," Dale said.
Washington agreed with the theory, saying she thinks the trend is related to trying to make offices cooler. "Like, 'Oh, I have this cute outfit. Where am I going to go with it? To work,'" she said.
But Dale finds the trend problematic and suggests it could be pressuring young female graduates into thinking they have to dress a certain way in the workplace.
Golden Goose sneakers are a favorite of Gen Z, but Washington said she's not a fan of the juxtaposition between people's pristine outfits and the "dirty" sneakers, especially when the shoes can retail for upwards of $500.
She added that there also seems to be a disconnect between Gen Z's interest in sustainability and thrifting, and their willingness to purchase luxury sneakers.
"It kind of just doesn't give the same message to me," Washington said.
But the one thing Gen Z doesn't lack is confidence.
"I might not necessarily love the look, but I respect it because you're gonna wear it regardless," Washington said. "I'm here for that because everything I'm saying can be null and void if you have an inner sense of fashion."
Golden Goose did not respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
Accessories have long been promoted as a more accessible entry point to luxury goods. Unfortunately, according to the stylists, luxury prices and names don't always equal luxury quality.
Dale told BI she purchased a pair of Gucci platform loafers in 2023 that scuffed on her first night wearing them. Meanwhile, her vintage Gucci loafers from the '80s "look brand new." Gucci did not respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
To Dale, purchasing from luxury brands in 2024 indicates "you're paying for Instagram likes, you're paying for TikTok likes. You're paying to show off at this point."
She said fashion cycles also move significantly faster than they used to, which has led to momentary trends and corresponding designer pieces. She pointed to the hot-pink Valentino Garavani Tan-Go Platform Pump, which originally retailed for $1,400, and was ubiquitous during the "Barbie" craze of 2022-2023.
"They really pimped out that Valentino shoe. They were like, 'We're going to give this to every single person on Earth,'" Dale said. "But because we have access to every photo all over the world, at every time, people were burned out in a month."
"The way that fashion is set up now, it's not sustainable in any way, shape, or form," she added.
Valentino did not respond to Business Insider's request for comment.
Washington's gripe isn't with all sneakers, but rather "racing shoes" like the Nike Alphafly. "I just don't think sneakers look great with everything," she said.
More specifically, Washington said she isn't a fan of pairing bulky sneakers with more dainty pieces like a prairie skirt.
"I just get confused," she added.
Instead, Washington said sleek sneaker options are better for high-fashion looks or suits compared with running shoes because they don't interfere with an outfit's silhouette.
"I'm very much so a silhouette person, so the shoe shouldn't be in competition with the pants," she said. "What is the fascination with the chunky shoe over a sleek shoe is my question."
She added, "They look comfortable though. So I'm like, maybe we're going comfort over full aesthetic."
"In the 2000s, people were wearing snowboard gear, and no one was snowboarding," Washington said. "No one was using the goggles, right, so it was just a prop."
So it's possible hiking boots are Gen Z's version of the trend.
"I don't know why running, hiking, all of those sneakers are now super popular with high fashion," she said, adding, "But hey, if you want to buy expensive hiker shoes and you're not hiking, that is on you."
Maison Margiela took inspiration for its split-toe shoe from the traditional Japanese Tabi work shoe, which has roots in the 15th century, Vogue reported.
Even though Maison Margiela's iteration of the shoe debuted in 1988, it's having a major moment now. Vogue said it "defined 2023," with many celebrities, including Dua Lipa, Kylie Jenner, and Cardi B, being seen in a pair.
But Washington isn't convinced.
"The toe stresses me out," she said. "I don't like that on a boot. I don't like it on a flat. I don't like it on a loafer."
"I've seen people wear them and OK, I'm like, 'OK, it's cute.' It's just not a universal cute thing to me," she added. "I heard that they're very comfortable, so if nothing else, that's great."
Dale said they're "objectively a work of art" for their ability to function when they shouldn't. And she noted that while they're not her style, the pair she tried on was "wildly comfortable."
"They shouldn't be, but they are," she said.
Ballet flats are one of this year's hottest shoe trends, seen on everyone from Hailey Bieber and Meghan Markle to Sofia Richie Grainge and Olivia Rodrigo.
But a more unexpected variation has risen in popularity: the ballerina sneaker.
Rombaut's Silver Boccaccio II Ballerina Flats originally sold for $415 as an SSense exclusive.
"I get the point it's supposed to be a sneaker and a ballet flat, but did we need it?" Washington said.
Rombaut did not reply to Business Insider's request for comment.
Dale, who's located in Nashville, said "it's so weird" seeing items like cowboy boots, cutoff shorts, and oversized hats "trickle into the mainstream."
But what's different with Gen Z is their ability to experiment with fashion on a much larger platform than millennials ever had.
"I feel bad for Gen Z because they're trying to figure out who they are, they're trying to see what sticks," she said. "But they're doing it to hundreds of thousands of people every day and then everything that they do is up for criticism."
"So I never want to tell the girl that she's going to regret wearing the cowboy boots and the trucker hat, but she will," Dale added.
Millennials on the other hand, "had the privilege" of trying out trends privately, she said.
"The big thing that everyone needs to think about is why are you wearing these?" she said. "If it doesn't pique your genuine curiosity and you're just like, 'Oh, well, I guess that's what we're doing,' that's when it's never a good idea to wear a trend."
Jump to