"Every person you know, clamoring for an extra bit of attention from their followers to make finals week go down easier, has run back to Instagram on what's basically become an internet holiday. "
As you already know, if you even spent five minutes on the internet today, it's Spotify Wrapped day. Every person you know, clamoring for an extra bit of attention from their followers to make finals week go down easier, has run back to Instagram on what's basically become an internet holiday. 
For those of us who are chronically online, today is fun! Judge your friends, your enemies or your little siblings who appear to finally be forming a consciousness. But it's time to judge the judgers — namely, the wonderful team of arts and culture reporters behind The Echo.
Is their taste really that good? Should they think about switching careers? It's time to find out together. 
Editor's Note: Names have been omitted to protect identities and keep you guessing.
This "replay" is a great mashup of pretentious but still fun music. Car Seat Headrest is manipulator music, sure, but it balances out well with Tyler, The Creator. Really I'm just hurt; I can't believe an Echo reporter would use Apple Music. Ridiculous. 
A State Press reporter's 'Apple Rewind' for 2024.
You can't go wrong with Laufey or Hozier, or Paramore, really. It's pop, yeah, but it's pop with some thought. It's not music that I personally am bumping all day long, but I respect all the artistry here. 
Well, mostly. I'll just leave the rest unsaid. I think it's pretty clear how I feel about ... someone.
A State Press reporter's 'Spotify Wrapped' for 2024.
Finally, Billie's 2024 album is getting the love it deserves. This reporter is working with some of the best pop has to offer, with Lana Del Rey and Olivia Rodrigo also gracing this list at four and five.
It has the aforementioned someone, but I don't want to just sit here and complain. Sigh. Blame my digital editor-in-chief. 
Just know if I could, I would. 
A State Press reporter's 'Spotify Wrapped' for 2024.
We have some variety here! Obviously, it was the year of the greatest rapper alive, but I'm here for the diversity of aesthetics from this list. Clearly, this reporter can switch it up for any emotion or time of day. Yes, we should be streaming other, better Kendrick tracks more than "Not Like Us," but I'm not complaining. 
But what I think is indie sleaze, paired with Joji, has me a bit scared. I might have to do some mental health check-ins in the future. I didn't know working for me was that bad ...
A State Press reporter's 'Spotify Wrapped' for 2024.
Wow! This guy — I mean, mystery reporter — has some impeccable taste. Smino is one of the best doing it right now, and having this No. 1 placement with an album still yet to come out this year is very impressive. What a committed fan. There's some variety with Lana, and then further mixing it up with an underground artist like Quadeca, but this list also has some good roots with Tyler, The Creator.
I know Drake sticks out at No. 3, but I bet there's a good reason. I feel like this reporter must usually shuffle their liked songs and old Drake tracks just happen to come up a lot. Drake just has a lot of songs. I feel like this person definitely didn't seek out his music often. I — I mean this reporter — would never do that. This taste is so good, I can look past ol' Drizzy boy. 
Finally, Wrapped is done. They can listen to Drake in peace.
A State Press reporter's 'Spotify Wrapped' for 2024.
This list would just not be complete without the inclusion of our wonderful executive editor, who's Spotify Wrapped I've included completely of my own volition, totally not as a mandatory editorial choice that I had no part in.
Dominic and Mac are both huge hits from our fearless leader. Yet, condoning a country music star with numerous relationship scandals? Maybe not. But hey, maybe she had a good reason? 
"As someone who found out she were getting cheated on on her birthday, I don't condone what Zach does in his personal life. Major bummer," said State Press executive editor Alexis Heichman. 
A State Press reporter's 'Spotify Wrapped' for 2024.
Editor's note: The opinions presented in this column are the authors' and do not imply any endorsement from The State Press or its editors.
Edited by Senna James, Sophia Braccio and Natalia Jarrett.
Reach the reporter at adirst@asu.edu, follow @andrewdirst on X and @androo on Spotify.
Like The State Press on Facebook and follow @statepress on X.
Andrew is a senior studying journalism and mass communication. This is his fourth semester with The State Press. He has also worked at The Arizona Republic and Cronkite News.
This website uses cookies to make your experience better and easier. By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy.