Stanley x Olivia Rodrigo 40 oz quencher Stanley and Olivia Rodrigo collabo cup, Image courtesy of: Canva
Stanley Olivia Rodrigo Tumbler to launch 7/9 - sign up for notification.
Sign up for the Stanley x Olivia Rodrigo 40 oz quencher for $55. Act now. This product drop will sell out fast.
Stanley and Olivia Rodrigo teamed up for a tumbler collab. Get notified when the highly anticipated 40 oz. H2.0 Flowstate Tumbler becomes available.
You’ll get a H2.0 Flowstate Tumbler with a clear SOUR grape lid and reusable straw. Grab the limited edition drinkware in Olivia Rodrigo’s favorite color, purple.
The H2.0 Flowstate Tumbler has a powder coat finish, studded in vampire-red and silver stars, celestial art embodies the soft–grunge essence of GUTS.
You’ll get 2 days iced 11 hours cold to stay hydrated where ever you go.
The Tumbler contains recycled stainless steel as well as a double wall vacuum insulation. Its 3 position lid also features a reusable straw and comfort-grip handle which fits most car cupholders.
Get notifications when the Olivia Rodrigo initial inscribed quencher launches. “This product is in high demand” and to give everyone a fair chance to buy it, Stanley is running an EQL launch. LEARN MORE
Stanley Olivia Rodrigo collab, initial inscribed 40 oz quencherStanley Olivia Rodrigo collabo
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices