By
Thom Donovan
Chappell Roan might be having the best summer of anyone and “Good Luck, Babe!” is her defining global anthem.
The 26-year-old singer recently played to the largest daytime crowd in Lollapalooza’s history. On August 1, the festival, posting from their official X account, wrote, “It’s Chappell’s world and we’re just living in it.” Attached to the post was a photo featuring the massive crowd during Roan’s explosive set.
But Roan’s blossoming career is full of fits and starts. She moved from Willard, Missouri to Los Angeles. She recorded for Atlantic Records, then they promptly quit on her. She moved back to Missouri only to return to California, a place where she was discovering who she was.
When Roan appeared on stage at Chicago’s Grant Park, she wore a wrestling-inspired bodysuit. The choice of outfit embodied her fighting spirit, love of camp, and vivid anthems of discovery for the outsiders who see themselves in the singer.
So, “Brat Summer” is now “Chappell Summer.” If you think you can avoid dancing to this one, well, good luck, babe!
Roan writes about a past relationship where a former partner won’t commit because of the societal pressure the partner feels to be heterosexual.
It’s fine, it’s coolYou can say that we are nothing, but you know the truthAnd guess I’m the foolWith her arms out like an angel through the car sunroofI don’t wanna call it offBut you don’t wanna call it loveYou only wanna be the one that I call “Baby”
During the chorus, the singer wishes her lover “good luck.” Her partner tries everything but the truth to avoid accepting her romantic feelings for Roan.
You can kiss a hundred boys in barsShoot another shot, try to stop the feelingYou can say it’s just the way you areMake a new excuse, another stupid reasonGood luck, babe! (Well, good luck!)
In an email to fans, Roan called “Good Luck, Babe!” the “first song of the next chapter.” It follows the success of her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess (2023).
Roan’s debut reached No. 4 on the Billboard 200 and its outsider anthem “Pink Pony Club” recently had tens of thousands of fans enraptured at Lollapalooza. (The rising pop star was booked initially as a mid-level artist and the festival’s producers later moved her to a larger stage.)
Sources close to Lollapalooza said Roan’s audience size rivaled many headliners and may have broken the festival’s attendance record. CNN reported 110,000 people attended this year’s festival each day.
Additionally, Roan’s growing fan base has required her booking agent to find larger, accommodating venues. From the time Roan was booked on her current tour, until now, she’s been one of the fastest rising stars in pop music.
Working again with producer Daniel Nigro, Roan wrote “Good Luck, Babe!” with Nigro and Justin Tranter. Nigro has fast become one of pop music’s most in-demand producers. His growing credits include Olivia Rodrigo, Caroline Polachek, Sky Ferreira, and Kylie Minogue.
In 2020, Atlantic Records dropped Roan from her contract following the release of “Pink Pony Club.” However, Nigro didn’t give up on her. Together, they continued working independently on music. And Roan’s new songs, beginning with “Pink Pony Club,” celebrated queer culture.
“Pink Pony Club” is inspired by a West Hollywood gay bar called The Abbey. It marks her closing chapter with Atlantic Records. But it also represents Roan’s new chapter of discovery.
Justin Tranter is the former lead singer of New York rock band Semi Precious Weapons. Tranter has written songs for Lady Gaga, Justin Bieber, and Dua Lipa. They are a longtime advocate for LGBTQ+ communities. (Tranter uses they/them pronouns.)
“Good Luck, Babe!” recalls the theatrics of Kate Bush with the pop sheen of Katy Perry. It’s considered Roan’s breakthrough hit, reaching No. 8 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Nigro’s production—which includes pulsing synthesizers and plenty of 1980s sheen—seems built for the festival season. Though Roan told Rolling Stone the song “was a b–ch to write,” her vocal performance sounds effortless. The emotional pleas are soaring, heartbreaking, and empowering.
Thus far, Chappell Roan isn’t just an emerging star, she’s also written the best pop lyric of the year:
You’d have to stop the world just to stop the feeling.
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Photo by Michael Hurcomb/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand