By KINTA WALSH-COTTON FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  22:17, 4 February 2024   |  Updated:  08:48, 5 February 2024   
 134
View  comments
Kylie Minogue has won her first Grammy Award in 18 years, taking out Best Pop Dance Recording for her 2023 hit single Padam Padam at the 66th Grammy Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday.
And she certainly made her excitement known in an ear-splitting video uploaded to Instagram.
As an assistant entered Kylie's dressing room while she was getting ready for the awards show to inform her she is now a 'two-time Grammy Award winner' the Queen of Pop, 55, screamed with joy and danced around in her dressing gown.
With almost two decades without a coveted Grammy in hand, The Loco-Motion hitmaker has her latest hit Padam Padam to thank.
The catchy dance song reached the top 20 in several countries, including Australia, the UK and America.
Kylie Minogue won her first Grammy Award in 18 years, taking out Best Pop Dance Recording for her 2023 hit single Padam Padam at the 66th Grammy Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday 
This is the sixth time Kylie, 55, has been nominated for the prestigious award, only winning it once in 2004 for Best Dance Recording for her song Come Into My World.
She battled it out against the likes of fellow Australian Troye Sivan, who was nominated for his dance hit Rush, but ultimately took the crown. 
The Australian singing legend received the news of her win in her dressing room backstage and could be seen jumping and screaming with joy. 
And she certainly made her excitement known in an ear-splitting video uploaded to Instagram. As an assistant entered Kylie's dressing room while she was getting ready for the awards show to inform her she is now a 'two-time Grammy Award winner' the Queen of Pop, 55, screamed with joy and danced around in her dressing gown . 
The Grammy Awards began with host/songwriter Justin Tranter setting the scene at a pre-televised event - giving out the first award of the day, Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, which went to SZA and Phoebe Bridgers for Ghost in the Machine.
The first of three new categories in 2024, Best Pop Dance Recording, then went to Kylie shortly after.
About 80 Grammys will be handed out pre-broadcast, which included Regional Mexican star Peso Pluma winning his first Grammy for his first and only nomination, for Best Música Mexicana Album for his Genesis.
Billie Eilish and Finneas arrived early in the afternoon to collect their trophy for Best Song Written for Visual Media, awarded to the brother-sister duo for their Barbie ballad What Was I Made For.
'This is shocking to me,' Billie, 22, said. 'I was expecting to turn right back around and leave.'
Presenter Justin Tranter appeared on stage during the 66th annual Grammy Awards at a pre-televised show 
Finneas (left and Billie Eilish (right) accept the award for Best Song Written for Visual Media for What Was I Made For? from 'Barbie' during the 66th annual Grammy Awards 
'I want to thank our parents, our dad, who worked as a construction worker at Mattel Corporation for much of our childhood to keep food on the table,' said Finneas.
Women outpace men in the major categories, so expect to see a spotlight on its female nominees as the night continues.
SZA is the lead contender with nine nominations, followed closely by Victoria Monét and Phoebe Bridgers with seven. 
Phobe's band boygenius has six, as does Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish, Brandy Clark, Batiste and producer Jack Antonoff.
Barbie fans have a reason to celebrate. Just like its performance at the box office, the film will make its presence known at the Grammys as music from the hit film´s soundtrack earned 11 nominations, including nabbing four of the five slots in the visual media song category.
Skrillex accepts the award for Best Dance/Electronic Recording for Rumble during the 66th annual Grammy Awards

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group