SUBSCRIBE
Try 6 Free Issues
Olivia Rodrigo may have been excited to get her driver's license, but many young people are less enthused by car culture
Driving has been an essential part of American culture since cars were invented. It makes sense: Our country is 3,000 miles wide, and a car is needed to traverse it. Longing for freedom, teens squirreled away their pennies to afford their first vehicle; spirit-questing twenty-somethings road-tripped across the country; retired couples saw the sights in weathered RVs. Olivia Rodrigo launched her music career with 2021's "Driver's License," a record-breaking single about the quintessential experience of driving past your crush's house.  
But young Americans may be falling out of love with cars. "Polls, studies and surveys show younger generations are less likely to drive, less likely to have a driver's license, have less access to vehicles, and when they do get behind the wheel, are driving fewer miles," said Business Insider last year. The percentage of U.S. teen drivers has consistently dropped since the 1990s. In our car-dependent country, with just a handful of cities boasting reliable public transportation, this driving rejection may come as a surprise. But should it?
To begin with, driving is dangerous. Fatal crashes are increasing and have become the leading cause of death in the United States for people ages 1 to 54. "From 2018 to 2022, the number of deadly accidents in the United States increased by more than 16%," said USA Today. The risk is particularly pronounced for anyone who is not an average-sized male: "Car safety features like seat belts, airbags and dashboards were created to best fit the size of an average man in the 1970s," said The Nation, citing reporting from The New York Times. 
The Week provides readers with a wide range of perspectives from 200 trusted news sources.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
From our daily WeekDay news briefing to an award-winning Food & Drink email, get the best of The Week delivered directly to your inbox.
Cars are also very expensive when you add up the necessary costs to buy, maintain and fuel them. Auto insurance rates have gone up and gas prices are often high. "For a generation already burdened with debt, the bus or ride-sharing might seem like a better option," said Kafui Attoh, a professor at the City University of New York School of Labor and Urban Studies, to The Nation. 
Gen Z is more environmentally conscious than generations past, and many don't want to exacerbate the climate crisis by driving. "Highway vehicles release about 1.5 billion tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere each year," said the U.S. Department of Energy. "Cars and trucks contribute to nearly 20 percent of all greenhouse gas emissions in the United States," added The Nation. "For many young people, the desire for a healthy planet and future can outweigh the appeal of an automobile."
Young people seem to crave more good-for-the-planet transportation methods. Electric vehicles, or EVs, may be a common alternative; in a 2023 McKinsey survey, half of European Gen Z consumers said their next vehicle purchase would be an EV. However, this solution might not be enough. "Electric vehicles do not seem to be the catch-all climate solution they are often touted as, with the lithium required for their operation creating a demand for increased mining in already vulnerable environments," said The Nation. 
Many Gen Zers have also lamented America's lack of walkable cities. According to a 2023 survey by the National Association of Realtors, younger U.S. homebuyers "prioritize walkability the most, with 90% of Gen Z and millennial respondents indicating they'd pay more for a home in a walkable community," said an article in Realtor Magazine with details of the survey.
Young people tend to make use of public transit when it's available, but policy shifts are needed to expand these options. "Reducing the need for car travel is better for health, the environment and public safety," said an opinion piece in Scientific American. Cities could "invest in better public transit, including subways and buses with dependable, on-time service" as well as "change zoning laws to allow denser housing … so people can live closer to where they work, attend school or socialize."
Most Americans are still buying cars for now. They are just waiting until later than previous generations to do it. "In 2020, millennials bought more cars than any other demographic in the U.S.," said Business Insider. A potential explanation: Driven out of cities by high rent prices, millennials are moving to sprawling suburbs, where cars are imperative. Daniel Knowles, the author of "Carmageddon: How Cars Make Life Worse and What To Do About It," put it simply: "The turn away from cars is a little like the turn away from marriage and having children. People are waiting much longer to do it, but they are ultimately still doing it."
A free daily email with the biggest news stories of the day – and the best features from TheWeek.com
Anya Jaremko-Greenwold has worked as a story editor at The Week since 2024. She previously worked at FLOOD Magazine, Woman's World, First for Women, DGO Magazine and BOMB Magazine. Anya's culture writing has appeared in The Atlantic, Jezebel, Vice and the Los Angeles Review of Books, among others. 

Talking Point
Relations between India and Pakistan are 'cratering' in the aftermath of a shocking terror attack in the disputed border region


The Week Recommends
These deliciously crispy fritters are a Lebanese staple


The Week Recommends
There is much more to be found in Egypt when straying from the usual tourist destinations


Today's Big Question
Slate Auto's no-frills approach is a 'potential Tesla killer'


Under the Radar
CEO Sam Altman says he is impressed. But is this merely an attempt to sell more subscriptions?


Speed Read
Researchers say this advance could lead to faster and more powerful computers


In The Spotlight
New features have raised concerns about privacy and manipulation


The Explainer
Beyond just surveillance, drones can now be used for a wide array of purposes


Talking Point
Younger generations feel validated and reassured by star signs


Opinion
How Silicon Valley's corporate titans learned to love Trump


Speed Read
The popular app is set to be banned in the U.S. starting Sunday


The Week UK is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury,
Bath
BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.