Fans of Chappell Roan have called out a ‘double standard’ over the response to the US singer demanding an apology from a ‘disrespectful’ man.
Chappell, 26, arrived at the Guts World Tour premiere to support her friend (and Glastonbury 2025 favourite) Olivia Rodrigo, only to spot another familiar face.
The Naked in Manhattan hitmaker didn’t hold back as she confronted a ‘rude’ photographer who she infamously clashed with at this year’s VMAs.
The unnamed man had yelled at her to ‘Shut the f**k up,’ during the music event in September with the interaction going viral as the Pink Pony Club hitmaker rounded on him.
Chappell pointed her finger and said: ‘No, you shut the f**k up!’, prompting conversations about the treatment of celebrities by photographers at these events.
A month later and the pair have had another run-in as the Good Luck, Babe hitmaker confronted him and demanded an apology at the Los Angeles Premiere.
‘You were so disrespectful to me at the VMAs,’ she says as she points at the photographer before approaching him.
Chappell continued: ‘You yelled at me at the VMAs. Yes, you did. I remember. You were so rude to me and I deserve an apology for that.’
Staff on the red carpet began to intervene as she calmly repeated: ‘You need to apologise to me.’
It’s unclear from the viral video whether the photographer did apologise to her at all, with Chappell asking ‘What?’ and leaning in to listen.
A woman working with her then asks her to continue with the carpet and she steps away to take more pictures before heading inside.
Fans have been praising the Hot To Go hitmaker on X for speaking up and demanding the photographer owns up to his behaviour.
‘We love to see women standing on business like Chappell,’ wrote Chris E. Teigen. ‘Normalize this kind of energy from women in the limelight.’
‘Not asking but DEMANDING an apology… what a QUEEN,’ added Eliza.
Jazmyn said: ‘Lord forbid a celebrity is placing boundaries between themselves and fans, paparazzi, and the industry itself. They aren’t objects to be pushed around and used, overrun. 
‘Think hollywoods history is enough to tell ya’ll they way they treated people.’
However, not everyone found the behaviour praise-worthy as some people declared she was ‘annoying’ for speaking to the pap again.
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web
							browser that
							supports HTML5
								video
Up Next
‘I’m sorry this is so annoying,’ wrote Genie as Mashalla added: ‘All she needed to do was stand there and pose she’s actively seeking problems with other people.’
This negative response was quickly called out as double standards compared to the reaction to Tom Holland also setting boundaries with photographers.
‘It is WILD watching the double standards in real time of how people treat Chappell Roan in comparison to any male celebrity…. The papers I could write…’ shared Mads.
‘Make sure y’all keep the same energy that y’all have for Tom Holland’s heroics for Chappell Roan as well,’ said Syd. ‘She is setting boundaries for herself and that’s called protecting your peace. Being famous doesn’t mean paparazzi can talk any type of way to celebrities.’
Twisha added: ‘Exactly! It’s such a double standard. When Tom does it, he’s celebrated as a protective partner, but when Chappell stands up for her own boundaries, it’s somehow seen as too much. It’s frustrating how the same actions can be viewed so differently just based on who’s involved.’
Zari added: ‘Y’all were literally praising Tom Holland for pulling Zendaya away from paparazzi so don’t even THINK about saying anything negative about Chappell standing up for herself. No one deserves to be yelled at!’
Tom, 28, was seen last week pushing paparazzi out of the way as they swarmed his girlfriend and superstar Zendaya, also 28.
He has been widely praised for ‘protecting’ her as he grabbed her hand and pulled her out of the crowd, moving the photographers out of the way as he did so.
Both interactions suggest a shift is happening with younger stars as more demand boundaries and protection against disrespect in the industry.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Tom Holland is real-life Spider-Man as he fiercely protects girlfriend Zendaya on night out
Arrow
MORE: Jack Jones, the singer behind The Love Boat theme song, dies age 86
Arrow
MORE: Glastonbury 2025 will struggle to compete with this festival’s incredible confirmed line-up