As "Birds of a Feather" becomes Eilish's fifth leader, she matches Imagine Dragons for the most.

													By
												

	Kevin Rutherford


Billie Eilish ties Imagine Dragons for the most No. 1s – five each – in the 15-year history of Billboard’s Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart, as “Birds of a Feather” lifts to the top of the Aug. 17-dated survey.

	“Birds of a Feather” reigns via 31.8 million radio audience impressions, 22.4 million official U.S. streams and 4,000 downloads sold in the week ending Aug. 8, according to Luminate.

	The song follows “Lunch,” which ruled for a week in June, as Eilish’s second leader from her album Hit Me Hard and Soft, released in May.

	Eilish first hit No. 1 on Hot Rock & Alternative Songs with “My Future” in 2020 and returned to the top with “Happier Than Ever” in 2021 and “What Was I Made For?” in 2023.

	Eilish now shares the record for the most leading titles despite often not being eligible for the tally at the onset of her career, as prior to June 2020, the ranking reflected songs specifically within the confines of the rock genre; since then, it has incorporated alternative music that may have roots in a genre other than rock, such as pop, dance and more.

Most No. 1s, Hot Rock & Alternative Songs:5, Billie Eilish5, Imagine Dragons4, Twenty One Pilots3, Zach Bryan3, Foo Fighters3, Linkin Park

	Concurrently, “Birds of a Feather” lifts 2-1 on Hot Alternative Songs, likewise marking her fifth leader. Since the chart began in 2020, only Noah Kahan, Olivia Rodrigo and Taylor Swift also boast more than one leader, with two apiece.

As previously reported, “Birds of a Feather” becomes Eilish’s first No. 1 on both the Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts.

	On the all-genre Billboard Hot 100, “Birds of a Feather” leaps 10-7 for a new high as the chart’s top Airplay Gainer.

	“Birds of a Feather” debuted at No. 4 on Hot Rock & Alternative Songs upon the chart arrival of Hit Me Hard and Soft. It has steadily risen since, with eight weeks at No. 2 prior to its coronation, thanks at first to attention on TikTok, followed by gains on radio, where it’s followed “Lunch” as the LP’s latest promoted single. It jumps 11-8 on the Pop Airplay list dated Aug. 17 and 25-16 on Adult Pop Airplay.

Hit Me Hard and Soft debuted at No. 1 on the Top Rock & Alternative Albums chart dated June 1 and has reigned for eight weeks. It has earned 1.2 million equivalent album units to date.
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.