One look at these tumblers and you'll be ready to get comfy in front of a warm fire.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	With Summerween decor dominating the final months of summer, it only makes sense that Stanley would hop on the viral trend and turn it into a statement-making tumbler. After launching a limited-edition and feminine-forward collection with LoveShackFancy, the drinkware is back and this time Stanley has tapped none other than Joanna Gaines’ home brand Hearth & Hand with Magnolia to embrace the fall season spirit.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The new collection aims to embody the deep hues and cozy textures of some of your favorite home decor pieces — think plush blankets, a nice deep red wine and crisp off white bedding. There are two styles to choose from: the viral 40 ounce Stanley Quencher as well as a smaller 12 ounce Legendary Mug for holding your morning cup of joe. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Since Hearth & Hand with Magnolia is a Target-exclusive brand, that means you’ll only be able to shop the drinkware on the online retailer. Prices for both range from $23-$45 and come in three colors to choose from: Cabernet Red, Deep Clay Orange and Macadamia Tan.

	Keep reading to shop the new Target-exclusive collection below.

		This deep red tumbler is built to insulate your beverages whether they’re hot or cold for almost an entire day. Besides exuding a chic style, it comes with a removable lid and straw allowing you to change how you drink your beverages.	

		For a sweater-inspired tumbler, pick up this style that has a knit-like pattern around the perimeter. You can also use the built-in handle to easily sip, gulp and drink your water whenever you feel like it.	

		Keep things crisp with this simple off-white Stanley, which comes with deep red accents for a more stylish look. Another notable feature is that the bottom of the tumbler was made to fit into most cupholders.	

	The Stanley Quencher may fit up to 40 ounces, but for those who prefer a more compact design, the Legendary Mug by Stanley comes in a smaller size that can fit 12 ounces yet still uses the same insulating material the drinkware brand is known for.

	Shop the style below.

		Enjoy wine nights with this cabernet-inspired mug featuring a removable lid and stainless steel interior. The outside also uses a temperature regulating material that won’t burn your hands if when you pick it up.	

		Sip on coffee and tea with this 12 ounce mug that is not only inspired by cozy knits, but has a dishwasher safe material for easier cleaning. The top is also removable allowing you to drink based on your preferences.	

	Target and LoveShackFancy aren’t the only collaborations that Stanley has done, the brand most recently expanded into music teaming up with Olivia Rodrigo for an exclusive design. 

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best portable fireplaces, coffee mugs and scented candles.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.