IU will begin her U.S. tour in New Jersey on July 15.AP
IU is ready to head to New Jersey for the first stop of her mini tour.
IU, a.k.a. Lee Ji-eun, will begin her six-concert “HER World Tour” on July 15 in Newark at the Prudential Center and will wrap up on Aug. 2 in Inglewood, Calif.
Fans can expect to hear several of her hits live, especially songs from her latest EP “The Winning,” which was released on Feb. 20.
The K-pop singer is also set to star in an upcoming Netflix K-drama titled “When Life Gives You Tangerines.” As of now, there is no release date.
The cheapest ticket available at the time of publication for her opening night concert at Prudential Center, before fees, is $153 on StubHub.
If this ticket sells out or you want to go to more shows, fans can find tickets on Vivid Seats, StubHub, SeatGeek, TicketCity and Ticketmaster.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
A complete list of IU’s tour dates is available here.
IU is not the only artist heading out on tour this year.
Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss seeing: Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Sabrina Carpenter.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices