Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
The ‘Boy’s a Liar’ star said she hopes to see fans ‘once I return to health’ 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
PinkPantheress has canceled all her remaining tour dates in 2024 in order to focus on her “physical health and overall well-being.”
The 23-year-old British artist, real name Victoria Beverley Walker, made the announcement on Thursday (August 1) on her Instagram Story. 
“It is with the heaviest heart that I sadly have to announce that I will not be able to continue the rest of my live shows this year in order to focus on my physical health and overall well-being,” she wrote. “It appears I have reached a wall which I’m struggling to penetrate through.”
The “Boy’s a Liar” singer has been traveling and opening for Olivia Rodrigo on her GUTS tour since 19 July.
She was scheduled to perform at Rodrigo’s upcoming San Francisco and Vancouver concerts; however, PinkPantheress noted that her canceled dates will include “my GUTS tour, Field Day, Summer Sonic, FORM, III Points, and Australia/NZ appearances.”
This includes her entire tour of Australia and New Zealand, which featured eight dates supporting British pop-rock band Coldplay.
“I would like to thank all of you, as well as my touring team and Olivia for giving me the platform to perform some super fun shows,” she added. “I’m sad to disappoint anyone and can only hope we will be in each other’s company once I return to health.”
Earlier this year, PinkPantheress embarked on her Capable of Love Tour, which began in February in Dublin. By April, she brought the tour to North America, making stops in several major cities, including Detroit, Michigan; Montreal, Québec; Chicago, Illinois; Houston, Texas; and Los Angeles, California. 
During her Dublin show, the “Pain” artist sent the crowd wild when she brought out a group of Irish dancers to accompany her on stage.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
Enjoy unlimited access to 100 million ad-free songs and podcasts with Amazon Music
Sign up now for a 30-day free trial. Terms apply.
ADVERTISEMENT. If you sign up to this service we will earn commission. This revenue helps to fund journalism across The Independent.
The group Cairde danced around her as she performed “Angel,” her bedroom pop tune recorded for the Barbie soundtrack, which incorporates a fiddle in the breakdown.
PinkPantheress first rose to prominence in 2021 after several of her songs, including “Just a Waste” and “Break It Off,” went viral on TikTok.
She won the BBC’s Sound of 2022 poll after her singles “Just for Me“ and “Pain” from her debut mixtape To Hell with It  peaked in the top 40 of the UK Singles Chart.
Her 2022 single “Boy’s a Liar“ reached No 2 in the UK, while its remix, featuring Ice Spice, also marked PinkPantheress’s debut on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No 3. She released her debut album, Heaven Knows, in 2023.
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in