Manchester's vibrant music scene is set to sizzle this summer and beyond with an impressive line-up of live performances. 
Music-lovers can look forward to the legendary Culture Club's brand new tour celebrating their first two albums, the eclectic Remi Wolf, rising indie artist Beabadoobee, and Scottish rock band Travis.
Adding to the excitement, there's a final chance to grab tickets to The Killers' Co-op Live shows next week, as well as Hacienda Classical as they return to perform at Sounds in the City in July. 
Whether you're a fan of classic hits or contemporary tunes, you won’t want to miss out on these incredible upcoming gigs - check out the full list below
December 11, 2024
Music icons Boy George and Culture Club have announced a major UK and Ireland arena tour this December - including a date at Manchester’s Co-op Live - to celebrate their first two monumental albums, ‘Kissing to Be Clever’ and ‘Colour by Numbers’.
Culminating at London’s The O2, the prolific band will perform these landmark albums in their entirety, including classic hits like ‘Do You Really Want to Hurt Me’, ‘Karma Chameleon’, ‘Time (Clock of the Heart)’, and ‘Church of the Poison Mind’, right up to their current releases.
Culture Club's chart-topping 1982 debut, ‘Kissing to Be Clever’, propelled the band to international stardom. The Grammy-nominated album established their signature sound - a captivating blend of new wave, pop and reggae, enhanced by Boy George's soulful vocals. The band returned with ‘Colour by Numbers’ in 1983 - an album which was critically acclaimed, garnered multiple awards, and sold over 10 million copies worldwide. It also featured their smash hit ‘Karma Chameleon’, which topped charts globally and became the biggest-selling UK single that year.
On their brand new tour, Boy George and Culture Club will be joined by special guests and synth-pop legends Tony Hadley and Heaven 17. Tony Hadley will perform tracks to commemorate the classic albums ‘True’ and ‘Parade’, whilst Heaven 17 will perform tracks from their first two renowned albums, ‘Penthouse and Pavement’ and ‘The Luxury Gap’.
Tickets go on sale here at 9.30am today (Friday, June 14). 
December 2, 2024
Remi Wolf has announced headline shows in the UK and Ireland as part of her Big Ideas tour, which kicks off this autumn. The tour will bring to life her highly anticipated album ‘Big Ideas’ - set for release on July 12.
Remi is currently on the GUTS world tour with Olivia Rodrigo, thrilling audiences in sold-out arenas across the UK and Europe. Recently, Remi also performed a sold-out headline show at Electric Brixton and delivered a high-energy set at BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend. 
Remi Wolf continues to solidify herself as one of this generation’s alternative pop heartthrob with her latest release of companion singles, ‘Toro’ and ‘Alone in Miami’. The singles follow Remi’s first release of the year, ’Cinderella’ - an audacious entry into the pop sphere that made news everywhere. 
Her new album ‘Big Ideas’ propels Remi to new heights as her honed sense of self and musicianship is on full display, presenting her big ideas as a magnum opus of guitar-smashing, hair-raising, soul-bearing, lung-filling, life-altering bangers. 
Tickets will be available here from 10am today (Friday, June 14). 
November 16, 2024
Beabadoobee has announced her UK headline tour this November, with nine dates including shows at Manchester’s O2 Victoria Warehouse and London’s Alexandra Palace. The tour comes in support of her forthcoming studio album, ‘This Is How Tomorrow Moves’ - out August 16.
Produced by legendary producer Rick Rubin and long-term collaborator and bandmate Jacob Bugden, Beabadoobee swaps her bedroom for his infamous Shangri-La studio in Malibu. ‘This Is How Tomorrow Moves’ stands as a testament to her artistic evolution and resilience, marking a significant milestone in her career. It captures a journey through confidence and introspection, with themes of self-acceptance and personal growth woven throughout, in parts a love letter to her younger self and all that she’s been through. 
Born in the Philippines and raised in London, Beabadoobee has emerged as a British indie icon. With two acclaimed albums and five diverse EPs, she's garnered BRIT Award and BBC Sound Of nominations, as well as winning NME’s 2020 Radar award. With five billion streams worldwide and an 8.5 million+ social reach, Beabadoobee has built a massive, dedicated fanbase.
Tickets will be on sale here at 10am on Friday, June 21, 2024.
June 18, 19, 21 and 22, 2024
Now is your last chance to grab tickets to see The Killers next week at Co-op Live on their Rebel Diamonds tour - celebrating the band’s 20 years of hits - with special guest Travis warming things up.
The upcoming dates are the first time The Killers have played arena shows in the UK since 2017’s Wonderful Wonderful tour, and follow the band’s most recent stadium tour, which saw them play to 400,000 fans at sold-out shows.
Rebel Diamonds is an album of highlights featuring 20 tracks, including the modern day classics ‘Mr. Brightside’, ‘When You Were Young’, and ‘Human’, through to the band’s most recently released, critically-lauded single ‘Your Side of Town’, and brand new anthem ‘Spirit’. 
Rebel Diamonds is a curated dive into an impressive catalogue of songwriting and musicianship - one that has solidified The Killers as one of the most prominent voices in rock ‘n’ roll over the last two decades. The album features at least one song from each of the band’s seven studio albums, and showcases the group’s versatility and staying power across the ever-changing alt music landscape.
Tickets can be bought here.
December 6, 2024
Glasgow’s multi BRIT and Ivor Novello-winning songwriting giants Travis have announced a brand new tour - their first UK headline tour since 2022 - which will see them play 12 shows across the country this December. 
The band will kick off their Raze The Bar tour in Leeds before visiting Manchester amongst other major cities, and culminating at Glasgow’s OVO Hydro for a massive homecoming moment. They’ll be supported by Hamish Hawk across all the UK dates. The headline tour will follow a huge summer live season for Travis, after they perform with The Killers on their 16-date UK arena tour, and return to Europe for a tour across the continent in August and September. 
Alongside the tour news, Travis have released new single ‘Bus’, the third offering from their upcoming 10th studio album ‘L.A Times’ - out July 12. Its gently winding acoustic guitar, evocative strings and delicate vocals have become synonymous with Travis in the years of unimaginable success since. 
As telegraphed by ‘Gaslight’, a song that’s seen five weeks on the BBC Radio 2 playlist, ‘L.A. Times’ sees Travis stepping into a bold new era - an incredible achievement 25 years since the band released their breakthrough number one album ‘The Man Who’, nine times platinum-certified record in the UK alone. 
Tickets will be on sale here from 9am today (Friday 14th June).
July 13, 2024
The Hacienda will be returning, hosting special guest vocalists and DJs for its annual mid-summer party at Castlefield Bowl on Saturday, July 13, 2024.
It marks a record-breaking eighth appearance at Sounds of The City, which will see the Manchester Camerata joined by guest powerhouse vocalists Ultra Nate, CeCe Rogers and Alison Limerick, as well as special guest DJs David Morales, Greg Wilson and Peter Hook. Graeme Park will also launch the Classical show with a DJ set prior to this epic homecoming party.
Sold out year-on-year, Hacienda Classical sees Tim Crooks lead the collective of artists and musicians on stage in performing well-known favourites and new versions of club classics - all mixed continuously into one non-stop set. Hacienda Classical has outperformed any expectations at the outset and has seen tremendous reactions from audiences and critics, many of whom have awarded the show five stars. 
Tickets are available here.
November 28, 2024
Reverend & The Makers have announced details of a major UK tour in November 2024. The Sheffield five-piece, fronted by Jon McClure, will embark on a nationwide run of 15 shows, which concludes at Manchester Academy.
Speaking about the tour announcement, lead singer Jon McClure said: “I’m made up to be going on tour again - it’s been too long since we last played any shows. Having toured ‘Heatwave In The Cold North’ a couple of months before its release, I’m looking forward to playing more songs from that album and maybe testing out a few from the next one.”
The tour is Reverend & The Makers’ first full band tour since February 2023. It follows their seventh studio album, ‘Heatwave In The Cold North’, which debuted at number six in the Official Charts in May 2023, giving the band their first Top 10 album since their debut album ‘The State of Things’, which reached number five in 2007, and their biggest single in over a decade. With an unbroken run of seven Top 20 albums to date, the band are currently in the studio working on new music - details of which will be unveiled soon.
Tickets go on sale here at 10am today (Friday, June 14).