Sound Check is the Globe’s weekly guide to concerts, tunes, and trends rooted in Boston and beyond. This column covers Aug. 16-22.
Can a sick beat save Massachusetts’ shores? Maybe not — but it can sail an environmental message through a crowd of a few thousand people.
Songs and science come together this weekend at the Beats on the Beach block party, a free outdoor music showcase from Save the Harbor/Save the Bay. The Massachusetts nonprofit has worked to preserve Boston Harbor, Massachusetts Bay, and the state’s islands and beaches since 1986, although their initiatives also include cultural programming that supports beachfront and waterfront communities. The organization’s third annual block party will bring five local musicians and over 50 art vendors to Fort Point’s Channelside Lot this Friday.
Advertisement
It’s a mutually beneficial program for the featured artists and Save the Harbor/Save the Bay; music fans in attendance are introduced to the nonprofit’s mission, and folks who are concerned about marine environments — plus random passersby — receive a rundown of the Massachusetts music scene. This year’s acts include experimental emcee WHYTRI, multimedia artist CalvinKleinCaterpillar, singer-producer l.ucas, DJ TROY Frost, and electronica weaver Mercet.
Save the Harbor/Save the Bay organizes dozens of cultural events along the state’s shores, but Beats on the Beach is a uniquely artist-led offering from the organization. Before it was an in-person affair, Beats on the Beach was a socially distanced competition for local producers. The initiative launched in the summer of 2020 as a way for artists to safely interact with nature’s soundtrack, inviting them to craft original music using beats gleaned from area beaches, like crashing waves and footsteps on a boardwalk. (Featured performer l.ucas was crowned the victor of this year’s competition.)
Advertisement
In 2022, Save the Harbor/Save the Bay added the block party element, amplifying their cause in Dorchester, the Seaport, and now Fort Point. A tight-knit group of musicians, including Boston producer and electronic artist Rilla Force (born Joshua Major-Paschal), curate the lineup and ensure that performers are paid fairly.
“We work hand-in-hand to make this happen,” he says, reflecting on the team’s musical expertise, the nonprofit’s resources and staff, and the mutual respect that binds the two parties.
The artist-led administrative team also locked in this year’s location in Fort Point. While the neighborhood might seem like a less obvious location for a local music showcase, last year’s showcase at the nearby Lawn on D drew three times as many guests as the inaugural block party in Dorchester. Now situated against the glistening backdrop of the Fort Point Channel, Major-Paschal hopes this year’s edition will make some waves — both musical and environmental — among residents who don’t typically seek out this type of programming.
“There’s a couple clubs over there, but it’s not really a music-centric place,” he notes. “I hope that people, if they are coming from the Seaport, can understand we’re here and we’re trying to spread awareness for the causes that we all want to talk about.”
GIG GUIDE
At Roadrunner on Friday and Saturday, Atlanta rapper Ken Carson revisits his 2023 album “A Great Chaos” with some bonus bounce, courtesy of the extra tracks from the record’s new deluxe edition.
Advertisement
Emcees French Montana, Fabolous, and Fivio Foreign run through their “mixtape classics” on Saturday at the House of Blues. Across the street that night, Joshua Bassett flips Disney stardom into a full-fledged musical career during his “The Golden Years” tour stop at MGM Music Hall at Fenway.
The Xfinity Center hosts a generation-spanning rock block this week, welcoming ZZ Top and Lynyrd Skynyrd on Saturday, Thirty Seconds to Mars on Sunday, Creed on Wednesday, and Cage The Elephant on Thursday. Continuing her pivot from bubblegum pop to heavy metal, Boston-born musician Poppy will join Thirty Seconds to Mars’ show as an opener alongside AFI and KennyHoopla.
Boston art-rock group Bent Knee cross the halfway mark of their North American headlining tour at The Sinclair on Saturday. The Cambridge show builds anticipation for the enigmatic band’s forthcoming August release “Twenty Pills Without Water,” their first studio album since 2021′s “Frosting.”
At the Paradise Rock Club on Saturday, Georgia singer and chillwave producer Washed Out dives into his June LP “Notes from a Quiet Life” and the eternally mellow track “Feel It All Around” (known best for its use during the opening credits of “Portlandia”). The Texans comprising the Randy Rogers Band pull up to the ‘Dise on Thursday, one day before they unveil the 20th-anniversary edition of the record “Rollercoaster.”
King Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard and Geese pool their psychedelia and art-rock at the Stage at Suffolk Downs on Monday. It might be the final event of the year for the outdoor venue; Snarky Puppy’s show, the only remaining performance on the calendar, has been postponed following the recent death of keyboardist Shaun Martin, with a new date TBA.
Advertisement
NOW SPINNING
Charly Bliss, “FOREVER.” “Even good things just get stuck,” vocalist Eva Hendricks sings on “How Do You Do It,” a chin-up look at the cycle of heartbreak from the New York band’s third LP. Yet there’s no blockage of pop-rock ebullience on this springy commentary on love and life on the fringe of fame. Song of the year contender “Back There Now” in particular feels like a jangly sequel to Olivia Rodrigo’s confessional “bad idea right?”
Palehound, “Live at First Congregational Church.” Palehound, the alt-rock project of singer and guitarist El Kempner, found its musical footing in Boston roughly a decade ago. Even though Kempner resides in Brooklyn these days, it’s easy to fall into 2010s nostalgia while listening to this sparse performance from 2021, which reverberates with acoustic nakedness on older tracks like “Dry Food” and “Feeling Fruit.”
Tama Gucci, “Notes To Self.” The only thing that’s guaranteed on Tama Gucci’s debut record is a series of sharp U-turns. The Miami-raised artist’s first studio album indulges in a flurry of styles — metallic R&B, pummeling electronica, brushes with ambient beats — threaded together by vulnerable but confident narration from one of music’s boldest new experimenters.
BONUS TRACK
If Saturday wasn’t busy enough, Crystal Ballroom hosts Boston Raising Powerful Musicians’ annual showcase that afternoon. The organization (formerly Girls Rock Campaign Boston) caps off its educational summer session with original performances from youth participants — literally the next generation of Boston artists.
Advertisement
Victoria Wasylak can be reached at vmwasylak@gmail.com. Follow her on X @VickiWasylak.
Digital Access
Home Delivery
Gift Subscriptions
Log In
Manage My Account
Customer Service
Delivery Issues
Feedback
News Tips
Help & FAQs
Staff List
Advertise
Newsletters
View the ePaper
Order Back Issues
News in Education
Search the Archives
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Terms of Purchase
Work at Boston Globe Media
Internship Program
Co-op Program
Do Not Sell My Personal Information