By 

	Thania Garcia


Chappell Roan will continue to bring “The Midwest Princess” tour to venues across the United States this fall. 

	Roan has expanded the lineup to include newly-announced dates at the All Things Go festival in Forest Hills, N.Y. on Sept. 28 as well as All Things Go in Columbia, MD. She will then hit Firstbank Amphitheater in Franklin, TN on Oct. 1, followed by the Walmart Amp in Rogers, AR on Oct. 2 and Westfair Amphitheater in Council Bluffs, IA on Oct. 3. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	The tour will close with a pair of shows at this year’s Austin City Limits Music Festival on Oct. 4 and Oct. 11. Presale for these new dates will start July 17. General onsale begins July 19. Tickets are also available on resale sites such as Stubhub, VividSeats, SeatGeek and Ticketmaster. 

	










			Popular on Variety		






	“The Midwest Princess tour” kicked off last September in alignment with the release of Roan’s debut album, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.” She’s been on the road for most of this year in support of the album, and riding high off the success of the first Top 10 single of her career, “Good Luck, Babe!” 

	Roan is currently wrapping the North American leg of the tour and will head out to Europe for a string of nine shows in September. 

	In spring, she opened for Olivia Rodrigo’s “Guts” arena world tour, which helped bolster her rising star, and followed-up by delivering amazingly impressive festival appearances at Coachella, Governors Ball and Bonnaroo. She’s set to play a few more festivals throughout August before heading out to Europe where she’ll perform in Paris, Amsterdam and Germany, with three nights slated for the O2 Academy Brixton in London.

	The Missouri-born singer-songwriter recently logged the highest streaming days of her career for her debut album, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess,” which only recently entered the top five of the Billboard 200 after debuting at No. 127 in April. 

	See Chappell Roan’s tour announcement below.
A post shared by ･ﾟ: *✧ Chappell Roan ✧*:･ﾟ (@chappellroan)
The Business of Entertainment