Three one-week-old kittens were found dumped in a wooded area by a dog walker. The three 'vulnerable' kittens were found in a taped up box when members of the public heard 'squealing' in a wooded area on May 14. The kittens were described as so young they were unable to open their eyes.
The 'tiny' kittens were taken to a vet in Rochdale, who were then collected by RSPCA animal rescue officer (ARO) Alex Ashton, and the kittens were cared for at the RSPCA Greater Manchester Animal Hospital before being transferred to the Chester and Wirral branch. Sadly, despite the best efforts of staff at the centre one of the kittens passed away.
READ MORE: Co-op Live boss gives Olivia Rodrigo Manchester gigs update as he admits 'it's up to her'
Kay Hawthorn, manager of Animal Care at the Wirral branch, who cared and hand reared the kittens said: "These poor kittens were found abandoned in a wooded area in a taped up box. They were far too young to be away from their mum and sadly one of them died as a result, despite our best efforts to help."
However, thanks to Kay's 'round the clock care' the other kittens, now named Bramble and Bracken, are doing well which staff have said is 'lovely to see'.
During this time the charity receives an influx of abandoned kittens to their rescue centres, prompting an alert from the RSPCA for the 'kitten season'.
Ms Hawthorn, who said the kittens were found in Conisbrough, urged cat owners to prepare their pets for this kitten season to prevent the number of kittens abandoned or given up due to no one being able to care for them.
She said: "This is a particularly busy time of year for kittens. May to September is known as kitten season and we often see an influx of cats and kittens coming into our care here in the Wirral and nationally across the RSPCA,"
"Sadly, we see many incidents of abandoned kittens largely due to cats having unexpected and unplanned litters which then prove to be too much time, effort and money, and sadly end up being abandoned. We’d urge everyone to please neuter your cats to avoid unexpected litters of kittens."
ARO Ashton added: "We understand that some owners may be struggling to care for their animals but we’d urge anyone struggling to please reach out for help and not to abandon their pets. These two were lucky that a kind member of the public found them and took them to the vets,"
"We’d advise anyone who finds an abandoned animal in a public place to please take them to the vets as this is the quickest way to ensure they get the care they need."
If you have any information about how these kittens came to be abandoned please contact the RSPCA’s inspectorate appeal line on 0300 123 8018.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.