Oct 23, 2024
-Submitted photo

Abigail Casciato, a senior at Fort Dodge Senior High, has been very involved in music throughout her high school career.
Abigail Casciato has packed her schedule through her four years at Fort Dodge Senior High.
The one thing that has helped her and guided her along the way is her passion for God.
“My work through the church is so fulfilling,” Casciato said. “It’s what I’m being called to do in this stage of life.
“Each thing that I do with church is a different way that God has called me to help. When you’re doing what God wants you to do, it will be the most fulfilling thing you could be doing. Plus, God has given me a lot of the passions I have to allow me to give back to the church.”
Casciato uses her talents with music to be able to share as part of the church.
“I love to sing and play cello, so I’m on the worship team,” Casciato said. “I love to work with kids, so I’m in the nursery. I can pick up new skills and find good shots, so I work on one of the cameras on our tech team.
“Collide, and church in general, is good because it’s so God-centered that I both give and receive. I can be someone that underclassmen can get to and, at the same time, the wonderful leaders pour into me.”
Casciato is involved in orchestra, choir, spring musical, fall play, speech, All-State Chorus, solo ensemble (choir and orchestra), Dodger Dance, Code Red, National Honor Society, Mejor Juntos (helping ESL students), and Ambassadors and serves as the secretary of Performer’s Club.
“It can definitely be exhausting (with a packed schedule) but you have to know how to plan your time,” Casciato said. “Thankfully, fall play and spring musical don’t overlap, but I still have to manage all the other activities I do as well as my school work. Since Mrs. (Lindey) Krug does all of those, she plans them so they won’t overlap since she can’t be in two places at once. We have Performer’s Club for an hour after school once a week, so she can put on fall play and spring musical practices at any other time. 
“I have to prioritize my time, choosing when I have to say no to extra things. If I don’t have a lot of time for schoolwork, I can bring it to work on in between scenes. When you love what you do, you’ll make time for it, so it’s never a question of if I’ll balance my commitments and more of how. Being able to say no, be flexible, and communicate will almost always mean that you can make time for your priorities.”
Casciato added a new activity as a junior, joining the Dodger Dance and Code Red teams.
“I haven’t been on Dodger Dance and Code Red very long. This is my second year in Dodger Dance and my first in Code Red,” Casciato said. “There are so many things that I love about it. Dancing is so fun, and you can put your emotions into it to connect with a piece. Emily (Eastwood), who is in charge, is amazing at making sure everyone at all different skill levels can feel confident in what they’re doing. 
“The team atmosphere is one where we all work together, have fun together, get confused together, and everything else,” Casciato said. “We don’t have a lot of drama because everyone wants everyone else to do well. You make so many friendships through dance while doing something that you know everyone there loves.”
Singing has always been a big part of her life since Casciato was little.
“Whether it was at home, at church, or once I started school, I’ve always had a passion for singing,” Casciato said. “Like dance, it has such an emotional connection between yourself and the music. The lyrics can make you think deeply, or feel loved, powerful, uplifting, sad, and any other emotion under the sun. 
“There is something about singing that makes your heart feel full and happy. Singing with a choir adds so much to that. You are surrounded by people who come together to make beautiful music. Harmonies intertwine with the melody making a sound that feels straight from heaven. You aren’t just a group of singers, you’re a family — a collective unit with one purpose and passion. Everyone belongs and brings something that makes the music even better.”
In her final year as a Dodger, Casicato said she will miss a lot after graduation.
“Having so many outlets for performing, some really amazing teachers like Ms. (Lindey) Krug, Mr. (Matt) Drees, Ms. (Kim) Wankum, Mr. (Brian) Robison, and Profe (Hinders), seeing my friends every day, my church family, my parents and siblings, and so many wonderful experiences,” Casicato said. “Every time there is a change, there is loss and gain. I know I’ll gain a lot from college, but there are some wonderful things that I have to leave behind. ”
Casicato will take many memories with her when she moves on to college.
“If I had to only pick one, the thing I’m going to miss the most will be my family, hands down. They know me, love me, and are always there for me,” Casicato said. “That won’t change, but it will be done differently. I won’t get to come home every day and have my mom ask about my day. I won’t be able to sit and laugh with my dad one second and then have the most earth-shattering deep conversation the next. 
“I won’t be able to see my little brother every day, and make sure he’s OK and hug him and have him show me all of his cool things. My sister already went to college so it’s been like this, but I can’t talk with her in the bathroom at 11 at night and get her advice the way we did.”
As her time winds down at Senior High, she just plans on enjoying her last minutes.
“I’m just looking forward to enjoying the connections I have with people while I still have time,” Casicato said. “My friends and I will get together and be ridiculous and a lot of them will perform things with me and it’ll be the last time. 
“I’m going to watch horror movies with my dad, play games with my mom, laugh with my brother, play with my dog. I’m going to just live in the moment, and enjoy what I have.”
One of the most memorable performances for Casicato was “Les Mis.”
“I had a small part (in Les Mis) that I had a lot of fun with, and I got to have a big scene where I was directly interacting with my sister, Grace,” Casciato said. “We even got to have a fake fight on stage, and trust me we had way too much fun with it. It’s one of my favorite musicals, so I was so excited to be a part of it. It was something big I got to do with my sister. 
“I could cheer her on (she got Fantine, which is a huge part) and sing, act, even dance in a waltz. I had a lot of fun with my friends, too. It was just such an amazing musical to be a part of and will always be one of my favorite memories.”
With a lot of teachers and friends helping mold Casciato into the performer she was, her father Gabriel Casciato had a big influence on her career.
“One of my biggest influences is my Dad (Gabriel Casciato). He was always my hero when I was younger and thought he was invincible. Now, he’s even more of an inspiration to me with his faults,” Casciato said. “He works through any problems that come his way, and they definitely aren’t always easy. He’s kind, strong, hard-working, and one of the funniest people I know. 
“I have a connection with him that is unlike a lot of father-daughter connections. I can go to him with anything, anytime. If I need help, I can always call him and he will come for me. No matter if I’ve screwed something up, it’s the middle of the night, or he’s really busy. I see how he always tries to do things God’s way, even when it’s hard. If I could be half the person that he is, I’d be happy. I love him more than I could ever express.”
Casciato plans on attending a four-year university after graduation.
“After high school, I’m going to a four-year college and getting my degree in early elementary education,” Casicato said. “I want to teach and watch kids learn. I’ve already been accepted into ISU and UNI, so I’m just trying to make my decision. 
“I’m lucky because I already know what I’m supposed to do. I have no doubt in my mind that I’m supposed to work with kids.”
Vacation destination: Pizzoferrato, Italy.
People I would like to have dinner with: Sabrina Carpenter, Lauren Daigle, Jen Ledger, Idina Menzel.
It would surprise people that: I can’t whistle, like at all. It’s really sad. 
My everyday role model: My dad.
I can’t go a day without: Music.
Where do I see myself in 10 years?
Teaching, and hopefully with a husband and kids.
What are you listening to right now?
A lot of Sabrina Carepenter’s Short n’ Sweet album and Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS (spilled) album.
A show you binge watch: “Brooklyn 99.”
Dream piece: Phantom of the Opera.
Favorites…
Musical: Phantom of the Opera.
Performer that inspires me: Idina Menzel.
Performance: “Les Mis.”
Music genre: Rock or Pop.
Song: “The Resistance” by Skillet.
Instrument: Cello.
Class: Music and Spanish.
Movie: “The Princess Bride.”
Book: Harry Potter.
Phone App.: I guess messages cuz if all else fails, I could still talk to my people.
A Fort Dodge man was charged Friday with making threats of terrorism, a class D felony. 

Daniel W. Paivarinta, ...
By KELLI BLOOMQUIST

Iowa Central Community College’s newly renovated Center for Performing Arts and Decker ...
The Stallings family of rural Webster County suffered a devastating loss on April 26 when a fire ignited in their ...
Main Street Fort Dodge is holding Mother’s Day Downtown starting at 10 a.m. today.

It will feature vendors, ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Iowa, LLC | https://www.messengernews.net | 713 Central Ave., Fort Dodge, IA 50501 | 515-573-2141