The signing announcement underscores the award-winning artist's "commitment to expanding her artistic reach and exploring new creative avenues."

													By
												

	Gail Mitchell


	Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician H.E.R. has signed with Lighthouse Management + Media for management across all facets of her career. 

	The announcement follows in the wake of the H.E.R.’s guest appearance at Usher’s acclaimed halftime show during Super Bowl LVIII on Sunday (Feb. 11). According to the press release announcing the news, the signing represents the artist’s next career chapter and underscores “her commitment to expanding her artistic reach and exploring new creative avenues.”

	










	H.E.R.’s former manager is Jeff Robinson. In 2022, the artist sued Robinson’s record label, MBK Entertainment, in an attempt to get out of her contract, citing California’s so-called “Seven-Year Statute.” (Her releases on MBK have been distributed by RCA Records, which was not named as a defendant.)




			Trending on Billboard		






	In addition to winning five Grammys, an Oscar and an Emmy, the 26-year-old has since branched into acting. She most recently portrayed the character Squeak in the musical film adaptation of The Color Purple and also released a duet with Usher, “Risk It All,” for the movie’s soundtrack. H.E.R. made her acting debut in December 2022 as Belle on ABC’s Beauty and the Beast: A 30th Celebration.

	The R&B/pop singer and guitar virtuoso, who signed with MBK Entertainment/RCA Records at age 14, made her breakthrough with 2016’s H.E.R. Volume 1 — the first of five EPs. Her catalog also includes two compilation albums: 2017’s platinum-certified H.E.R., which garnered her first two Grammys with wins for best R&B album and best R&B performance for “Best Part” with Daniel Caesar; and 2019’s gold-certified I Used to Know Her. She released Back of My Mind, her gold-certified debut studio album, in 2021. The RCA artist, along with her producer partner Live Nation, launched the Lights On Festival in 2019 — the first female-owned and curated R&B festival in decades.

	H.E.R. later won the Academy Award for best original song for “Fight for You” from the Warner Bros. film Judas and the Black Messiah. That was followed by a Children’s and Family Emmy for outstanding short form program on behalf of her work on the animated series We the People. 

	










	Lighthouse Management + Media’s client roster also includes Jennifer Aniston, Jason Bateman, Selena Gomez, Gwyneth Paltrow, Olivia Rodrigo, Paul Rudd, Mark Ruffalo, artist Petra Collins and supermodel Miranda Kerr.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.