Napa Register Managing Editor
folk·lore: (noun) the traditional beliefs, customs and stories of a community, passed through the generations by word of mouth.
Folklore — by definition, according to Merriam-Webster — has a hint of mystery. But in Napa, Folklore means something more. Folklore is downtown Napa’s hidden gem that thrives on a synergy of the senses.
Folklore's proprietress Faith Henschel-Ventrello describes her space as an eclectic mix where music, food, wine and cocktails live in harmony.
“Folklore is many things,” Henschel-Ventrello said in a recent interview. “I’ve heard people describe us in a lot of ways, but the most common thing I hear is that people like ‘the vibe,’ and I’m OK with that. We wanted to create a community vibe.”
Depending on whom you ask, Napa's Folklore is a record store with a bar — or a bar with a record store. Either way, the casual visitor doesn't realize that Folklore is also home to local radio station KCMU-FM 103.3. 
Folklore sits on the quiet side of Third Street in downtown Napa. It goes largely unnoticed by tourists who seem to venture no farther south than First Street, but locals are discovering Folklore as it neighbors Billco's and is just a block away from the Uptown Theatre. Like traditional folklore, Napa Folklore has found its following largely through word-of-mouth referrals.
Henschel-Ventrello, who owns Folklore with her husband Steven Ventrello, is hoping to draw more people into the Folklore community on Saturday for Record Store Day. Folklore is home to more than 6,000 records, but on Record Store Day, the store will offer special limited-edition releases that are exclusive to Record Store Day.
Record Store Day is like Black Friday for the music industry. Labels release vinyl records on this day that you won’t find anywhere else. Official Record Store Day proprietors must pledge to “sell the commercial Record Store Day releases to their physical customers on Record Store Day; not to gouge them, or hold product back to sell them online,” according to the official Record Store Day website, recordstoreday.com.
“They are very strict,” said Henschel-Ventrello. “You can’t do any pre-sales, no online sales, no advance reservations. It’s all first-come, first-served. We’re small, so we’ll only have one or two copies of select titles, so once they’re gone, that’s it.”
Henschel-Ventrello’s personal record collection has more than 500 titles, but she doesn’t have a favorite. She said picking a favorite album is like being asked to choose a favorite child or a favorite pet — there’s simply no way to quantify what makes one better than the rest.
However, vinyl is her favorite way to listen to music.
“I get really tired with the algorithms within the digital music space,” she said. “I love vinyl. There is a joy in sitting down and listening to a record. It slows you down. It’s an intentional experience. It’s tactile. You have to put the record on the turntable. You have to get up to turn it over. You have to be involved."
Vinyl records also demand proper care. You need to keep the record as well as the player clean because even a small bit of dust settled into the groove of a record and impede the listening experience.
Record Store Day launched at Rasputin Music in San Francisco in 2008 as a way to support independent record stores. Since then, the popularity of vinyl records has skyrocketed. The Recording Industry Association of America reports that consumers bought 43 million vinyl records last year. That’s 6 million more than the number of compact discs sold in 2023, according to the RIAA. This is the second year in a row that vinyl record sales have eclipsed CDs — an idea that was unfathomable of when Record Store Day was initially conceived. (Vinyl previously last outsold CDs in 1986.)
Today, Record Store Day has serious street cred. While you will find releases from artists that started their careers on vinyl, such as the Beatles, Queen and Willie Nelson, you’ll also find more recent adoptees of the medium such as Paramore, Lil Wayne and Olivia Rodrigo.
The Record Store Day releases include live recordings or previously unleashed material as well as special formats such as colored vinyl.
BottleRock headliners Pearl Jam release their highly anticipated album “Dark Matter” on Friday (most new releases come out on Fridays these days), but will offer a special “Dark Matter” LP for Record Store Day featuring an exclusive yellow-and-black pressing of the new album.
There are more than 400 special release titles for the 2024 Record Store Day. Participating businesses were invited to order from a catalog once they vowed to adhere to the spirit of Record Store Day.
Folklore’s Henschel-Ventrello said it’s difficult to know what will sell and what won’t, but she’s hoping her Record Store Day offerings will be music to her customers’ ears.
Henschel-Ventrello said Folklore will offer about 80% of this year's Record Store Day exclusives — with a focus on 12-inch vinyl.
“I hope I chose well,” she said. “I got a mix with a little bit of everything.”
Henschel-Ventrello said some best sellers at Folklore are expected. Unironically, Taylor Swift’s album “Folklore” is a favorite, as well as Fleetwood Mac’s “Rumours.”
“'Rumours’ is just iconic,” Henschel-Ventrello said. “It speaks to all generations. We have people buying it for the first time, but we also have customers who are buying it again because they previously got rid of their record collection.”
Music by Rage Against the Machine, Nirvana, the Grateful Dead, Lana Del Rey and Foo Fighters are also popular at Folklore, but Henschel-Ventrello said she is most surprised by customers looking for hip-hop on vinyl.
“Hip-hop sells very well here,” she said. “I wasn’t expecting that, but I listen to what our customers are looking for, so we have Nas; we have Snoop. E40 is also popular.”
Honoring the true spirit of Record Store Day, Folklore will open early on Saturday, welcoming guests at 9 a.m. — well ahead of its usual noon opening. Since Folklore is also known for its bar, Henschel-Ventrello said there will be morning cocktails and coffee available. Folklore is also teaming up with Monday Bakery, which will be offering pastries.
This will be Folklore’s first Record Store Day. The shop opened last September and has created a small but loyal following of regulars. “It’s sort of like ‘Cheers,’” Henschel-Ventrello said, “if ‘Cheers’ had a record store.”
Folklore's general manager Kayla Mays also serves as the beverage manager and lead mixologist. While she holds true to Henschel-Ventrello’s vision for Folklore as a music-first location, she also has high aspirations for the downtown Napa location.
“We are always looking to push the envelope,” Mays said. “Napa is known for its wines, but there are also some amazing bars here, and I want us to be the best. I’d love to see Folklore listed as one of the 50 best bars in the world. That’s my goal.”
Mays said she relies on her travels around the world to inspire her concoctions. She is always looking for new ways to enhance the taste of the Folklore cocktails to give patrons an experience as unique as the location itself.
One thing that sets Folklore apart from any other location in downtown Napa is the wine list. Only 30% of the wines are from California, according to Henschel-Ventrello.
“We are surrounded by tasting rooms that serve only Napa Valley wines,” Henschel-Ventrello said. “We want to be different. We have wines from around the world at a range of prices. There is something for everyone.”
Whether you come to Folklore for a drink or a light bite or a full meal, music is ethos that makes Folklore special.
“We are music. Folklore is music,” Henschel-Ventrello said. “You are surrounded in music.”
Folklore is located at 1226 Third St., Napa. Hours of operation are Sunday and Monday from noon to 9 p.m.; Thursday through Saturday, noon to 11 p.m.; closed Tuesday and Wednesday. For more information, visit folklore-napa.com or call 707-812-5506.
Where to find records in Napa Valley on Saturday, April 20
Official Record Store Day locations:
Folklore
1226 Third St., Napa
Open 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.
Right On! Records
2375 California Blvd., Suite A, Napa
Open 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Other places to find records in Napa:
Napa Bookmine
1625 Second St., Napa
Rebelgirl Records
1320 Second St., Napa
A customer is seen combing through records at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
A customer is seen combing through records at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Records for sale are displayed at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Archival rock band photos are seen on the wall atFolklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Laura Small cleans records at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
A cocktail called Ishi Yaki Imo is seen at the bar in Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
A cocktail called Banh-Mi, named after the popular Vietnamese sandwich, is seen at the bar in Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Records for sale are seen at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Owner Faith Henschel-Ventrello sorts records at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Bartender Juan Macias makes a cocktail at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Records for sale are seen at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Customers are seen siting in the bar at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Records for sale are seen at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
A view of the record store and bar at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
A cocktail called Varanasi, named after the holy city in India, is seen at the bar in Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
A cocktail called The Vibe is seen at the bar in Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Records for sale are seen as customers sit in the bar at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Bartender Juan Macias makes a cocktail at Folklore in downtown Napa on Saturday, April 13.
Reach Samie Hartley at shartley@napanews.com.
Napa Register Managing Editor
Friends and family of Berryessa's Turtle Rock bar collected the money pined to the ceiling of the cafe to donate to UCSF and celebrate the 15-year 'cancerversary' of Elijah Leung.
Take a ride around Napa on these motorized ADA-compliant scooters made to look like various critters and creatures, courtesy of Napa Valley Rydables.
Most of Napa’s River Park Shopping Center tenants cater to locals, not wine country visitors. Now a handful of tenants have left the center, or plan to. What's up at River Park? 
Protests will take place in Napa and across the Bay Area on Thursday as part of what are expected to be over 900 nationwide demonstrations for May Day.
The sheriff's office reported seizing 13 roosters from a Carneros site where it said the birds were altered and trained to fight other male birds.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Receive a daily update, along with our weekly Thursday e-edition.
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.