By 

	David Browne


	Jimmy Buffett died last year, but his influence lives on in unexpected ways. Start with “Coast,” the first new solo single in a decade from Breeders‘ frontperson Kim Deal. According to Deal, the song came about four years ago when she attended a friend’s nuptials and heard the wedding band play Buffett’s “Margaritaville.” Combined with an unsatisfying trip she took too many years ago to Nantucket — where she went to “duck and roll out of my life,” she sings — Deal concocted her own, ironic take on a bummed-out escapist tune.

	With its cement-mixer guitar crunch and Deal’s deadpan delivery, “Coast” lands very much in the Breeders tradition; Deal’s sister Kelly plays guitar, and former band bassist Mando Lopez also contributes. Woozy horns and a lazy, laconic guitar lead only add to Deal’s wry observations on the local surfers checking the swells on the WAM chart: “All hold up and abandon plans for the good times/Where forgotten roads take lost lives/To beautiful kids on the coast.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The song marks the latest return of Deal, following the Breeders opening select shows on Olivia Rodrigo’s tour earlier this year; more dates with her will follow next month. A new generation jammed into arenas was introduced to “Cannonball” and other songs from the band’s 30-year repertoire.

	“Coast” is doubly newsworthy in that it was recorded by the late Steve Albini at his Electrical Audio studio in Chicago. Albini, the iconoclastic producer who remained a steadfast champion of indie and outlier music, died in May.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.