Getty Images (3)
They’re everywhere — male actors that also happen to be the boyfriends of famous female pop stars. From Louis Partridge to Callum Turner — the rise of the pop star boyfriend was truly upon us in 2024. For a list of some of our favs, keep reading!
First, let’s start with Barry and Sabrina Carpenter. The couple first sparked romance rumors in December 2023, after they were spotted grabbing dinner together in Los Angeles, via the Daily Mail. Then, the two were seen hanging out together at W Magazine‘s Grammy After-Party in February, which the magazine shared photos of (see pics here).
By the time Barry was spotted at one of Sabrina’s performances at the Eras Tour in March 2024, it was pretty obvious that the two were a serious item. Not only that, Sabrina’s been having fun with the romance when it comes to her “Nonsense” performances.
While Barry was spotted front-and-center during weekend one at Sabrina’s Coachella set in April, she also gave her beau a shoutout while performing her song “Nonsense” on weekend two!
In a video, the songstress can be heard singing, “Made his knees so weak he had to spread mine. He’s drinking my bath water like it’s red wine. Coachella see you back here when I headline.”
ICYMI, the “bath water” line is a reference to a particularly raunchy scene in Barry’s 2023 hit film, Saltburn.
Sadly, the two parted ways by the end of 2024, with reports that they split hitting the news in December “Sabrina and Barry are broken up,” a source told Us Weekly. “They had a little bit of a break a few months ago but this break was very recent.” The insider also added that the former couple’s friends don’t believe “they’re getting back together.”
Another actor boyfriend who was the muse of a recently released banger of a song is Mr. Louis Partridge! ICYMI, Louis is currently dating pop star princess Olivia Rodrigo — who released several bonus tracks from her 2023 GUTS album in March 2024, including a brand new one titled “So American.”
“And he laughs at all my jokes, and he says I’m so American,” the Disney alum sings in the chorus. “Oh God, it’s just not fair of him, to make me feel this much. I’d go anywhere he goes, and he says I’m so American.”
At one point she even confesses she’s “gonna marry him” if he “keeps this s–t up,” ending the chorus chanting that she might just “be in love.”
Barry and Louis aren’t the only BFs who of famous pop girlies right now! Scroll through our gallery to uncover some of our fav actor boyfriends of famous female pop stars.
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 6
Dave Benett/VF24/WireImage for Vanity Fair
Barry and Sabrina have been romantically linked since December 2023, with her April 2024 single “Espresso,” rumored to be about their relationship.
She sings in the track, “Now he’s thinkin’ ’bout me every night, oh / Is it that sweet? I guess so / Say you can’t sleep, baby, I know / That’s that me, espresso.”
However, they called it quits by December.
2 of 6
Getty Images
The couple were first spotted together in October 2023, and Olivia’s track “So American” is seemingly about their sweet romance.
Louis dished on his relationship with the pop star during a March 2024 interview with Vogue UK.
“Dating probably shouldn’t be done in the public eye. There’s enough going on between two people. You don’t need the voices of thousands of others in your head. I think she’s got it a lot worse than I have. I can be a bit of a normal person. She’s got tons and tons of eyes on her case.”
3 of 6
Neil Mockford/GC Images
The duo were first seen together in January 2024, and have since been spotted several times over the months — and look more stylish each time.
4 of 6
Photo by Jamie McCarthy/WireImage
Kelsea Ballerini and Outer Banks actor Chase Stokes haven’t been shy about displaying their love for one another, both online and on the red carpet. The pair have been together since January 2023.
5 of 6
Unique Nicole/Getty Images for Universal Pictures
Halsey hard-launched her relationship with Avan Jogia in October 2023, while they were wearing matching Halloween costumes. I think it’s safe to say they are the coolest couple on this list, easily.
6 of 6
Getty Images(2)
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom have been together since 2016, and share a daughter, Daisy Bloom.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved