Glastonbury Festival tickets may have sold out last year, but the news that Olivia Rodrigo and The 1975 are headlining is likely to rekindle interest from fans keen to squeeze in. 
The tickets, costing £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee, were gone in just 35 minutes last November - but the balance for this is due in April, and any not paid for, cancelled or returned will then be up for resale. 
The festival will run from 25-29 June, and other confirmed acts include five-time Brit Award winner Charli XCX - who will top the bill on the festival's second stage on Saturday 28 June. 
"There aren't enough tickets for everybody," organiser Emily Eavis told the BBC's Sidetracked podcast earlier last year. "It's one of the worst parts of the job [because] we can't do anything about it. We definitely can't do two weekends.
"But a lot of the time," she added, "people who really, really want to come often get tickets through volunteering or through competitions."
So there's always hope... although if you're unsuccessful you'll have to wait until 2027, as the festival is taking a year off in 2026.
Here are a few tips that might (might) help improve your chances if you try for tickets, either this year or for 2027.
READ NEXT: Glastonbury 2025 tickets go on sale
As part of an ongoing (and successful) campaign to stop touts, anyone wanting to attend Glastonbury had to be registered in advance.
The registration window closed last November - so if you're not on the list already, it's too late for this year.
Everyone else was urged to check their details in advance, to make sure everything was up to date.
You needed to have the registration number and postcode for each person you were buying a ticket for when the sale began.
Glastonbury tickets come in two flavours - standard weekend tickets and coach weekend tickets.
Weekend tickets mean you can arrive under your own steam by train or car - although beware Glastonbury's legendary tailbacks, and how depleted your energy levels might be on the way home.
Coach tickets are more environmentally friendly and, according to some, increase your chances of success, depending on how remote your starting point is. However, it's important to note that festival tickets are distributed on the coach itself, so you can't cheat the system.
Ticket and coach packages went on sale on Thursday, 14 November.
General admission tickets went on sale at 09:00 on Sunday, 17 November.
You could purchase up to six tickets once you reached the booking stage, as long as you had the registration details for each attendee. 
Logically, the more people trying for tickets, the better the chances were of securing a space - so you'd need to make sure all six of you were trying to log on when tickets went on sale (NB not in the same house... see below for why).
Your syndicate didn't have to be formed of people you're physically going to the festival with. It could be friends, colleagues, aunts, uncles, neighbours or Chris Martin from Coldplay. The point is that you're working together.
Make a group chat so you can co-ordinate your efforts and, most importantly, put all of your registration numbers and postcodes in a shared document so the first person to reach the front of the queue is ready.
The demand for Glastonbury tickets inevitably attracts scam artists and fraudsters, who prey on people's desperation to separate them from their money.
Tickets are sold exclusively at glastonbury.seetickets.com. Avoid the temptation of buying from elsewhere.
Last year, Glastonbury introduced a new queueing system that required you to log on in advance.
That way, when the ticket sale starts, you'd be randomly assigned a place in the queue.
People who joined later were automatically placed at the back of the line, so it pays to be punctual.
Also, 09:00 on Sunday isn't the most sociable time of the week. Set an alarm. Set multiple alarms. Get an insomniac friend to come over to your house and poke you with a stick. Whatever works.
If it's possible (and I apologise for this in advance), you could even drag yourself into work. No matter how good your wifi is at home, a work computer could have a more stable connection.
Using multiple devices and browser tabs can result in errors and may even get you kicked out of the queue, which you definitely don't want.
Sticking to one device per household also makes the process more fair, according to the Glastonbury website.
"Whilst we understand that everyone wants to have the best possible chance of booking a ticket, running multiple devices simultaneously to attempt to access the website is a waste of valuable resources, and doesn’t reflect the ethos of the festival.
"Please stick to one device and one tab, so that you can focus on entering your details without confusing your browser and help us make the ticket sale as quick and stress free as possible for all."
A limited number of people will be given access to the booking system at any one time. Before that, you are held in a queue.
When (or if) you get through, you are asked to enter the registration number and postcode for the lead booker and up to five other people. Copy and paste them, instead of entering manually, to avoid errors.
When you proceed, the next page summarises the details you entered. Check them carefully because they cannot be changed.
If you are booking a coach package, the next step will be to choose the time, date and place you will depart from. It is only possible to book tickets from one departure town in a single transaction.
Once that's all confirmed, you will be asked to enter payment details.
This year, Glastonbury tickets cost £375.50 each plus a £5 booking fee - but at the check-out you will only pay a deposit of £75, with the balance due in the first week of April. (Children aged 12 and under go free, and do not need to be registered.)
Make sure you have enough money in your account (£450 if you're buying for six people) and, crucially, keep your card details to hand.
When the time comes, enter these details exactly as you see them because a mistake could result in the purchase being declined. In some cases, that could leave your registration details being frozen for up to 10 minutes.
Finally, make sure your phone is charged and notifications aren't silenced, in case your bank contacts you for verification.
Once you've made the booking, be sure to check your email for confirmation - including the junk folder.
If you don't receive an email within three hours, ticket-holders are urged to contact See Tickets on their customer service portal.
If you're not one of the lucky ones, there's still hope.
It's possible to get into the festival as a volunteer - typically working three eight-hour shifts in return for a ticket.
And as we said earlier, in April, a number of returned or unwanted tickets will be put up for sale. At which point, you can go through the stress of applying all over again.
This is really for anyone wanting to go in 2027...  it won't help you get tickets, but is an essential part of the annual routine.
Nobody except Emily Eavis ultimately knows who'll be headlining - but rumours are rumours, and everybody enjoys speculating about the line-up.
In previous years, piecemeal confirmation of the line-up has started in November, but the full rundown is typically kept under wraps until March.
Lady Gaga fans gather for a massive concert on Copacabana beach, paid for by Rio de Janeiro city to help boost the economy.
Ellie Wood is competing in Hull's International Choir Competition this weekend.
Joao Nunes wants as many people as possible to enjoy Portuguese culture during the four-day event.
BBC News NI speaks to students in west Belfast about whether their views on the rap trio Kneecap have changed.
Northants Sings Out and Diversity are on the programme for Delasole at Delapre Park.
Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.