By 

	Lisa Tozzi


Since Kamala Harris stepped up as the candidate to face off with Donald Trump in November, she’s sparked a wildly energetic response from the music world. Megan Thee Stallion, Quavo, and Olivia Rodrigo have all performed at Harris rallies or offered their support, and they are far from alone. 

Rolling Stone spoke with several artists about why they’re supporting Harris’ candidacy, and why the stakes this November couldn’t be higher. Here, in her own words, is Sleater-Kinney singer-guitarist Corin Tucker, speaking over Zoom from the band’s Little Rope tour.

	We’re just all-in for Harris. Everybody just needs to be 100 percent voting, getting their friends to vote, getting people to where they need to be, driving people that need a ride, giving people water that are waiting in line to vote. Just everything that needs to happen for Harris to win. Everybody needs to be all hands on deck. 

	We just did a show in Portland, and I mentioned Harris. I said, “Hey! Everyone’s really excited about the election!” And the whole audience just lit up. There was yelling and screaming. I’ve been talking about voting for a long time, and that has not happened before. This was genuine enthusiasm. So I think people are feeling that, you know?

	










	Women’s reproductive rights are top of mind for me. Harris is a really strong advocate, she’s outspoken on the issue, and she’ll do whatever she can to work with Congress to protect it on a federal level. If Trump gets reelected, I think we could quite possibly get a federal abortion ban.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The other big, obvious thing is the climate. The planet is so much hotter now than when we were touring 20 years ago. We’re really feeling the effects of climate change; everyone feels it on a cellular level.

	I don’t think we want to see what another Trump presidency does to this country.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.