Rodrigo's tank featured a cute shout-out to Stefani's band.
Getty Images
 Olivia Rodrigo was the ultimate No Doubt fangirl while making a surprise appearance during the rock band’s set at Coachella. The “Sour” singer marked her first time performing at the Indio, California music festival by rocking out with the band’s lead singer, Gwen Stefani, for the eighth song of their show. Rodrigo surprised concertgoers as she stepped out on stage to perform “Bathwater” on Saturday, April 13 – and her entire look was so No Doubt-coded, including a beauty nod to Stefani.

 For No Doubt’s inaugural Coachella appearance, the “Good 4 U” star gave the band a special shout-out with her white tank top, which read “I [heart] ND.” Rodrigo paired the cropped top with a bright red bra, dark pants, and a thick black belt while alternating verses from the 2000 song with Stefani, who wore a tartan and fishnet outfit. For her beauty look, Rodrigo took cues from the No Doubt singer, basically copying Stefani’s signature aesthetic. In addition to a rock star-approved bright red lip and winged black eyeliner, Rodrigo took cues from Stefani’s signature sleek No Doubt buns by wearing her dark hair in a matching style. At the end of their song, the duo hugged and left the stage together.

Getty Images
 Rodrigo has been open about being a big No Doubt fan in the past, previously revealing that she stumbled upon the group’s 2000 hit “Return of Saturn” when she was just 15. 

 “Gwen’s ability to evolve and explore different styles of music, songwriting and aesthetic while still remaining true to herself is incredibly inspiring,” Rodrigo told Nylon in an email, per the April 9 cover story. “To me, she’s a prime example of an artist who defies stereotypes and preconceived boundaries and just makes stuff that she thinks is cool. If that’s not a true artist, I don’t know what is.”

 Rodrigo also lauded Stefani for how raw and real her lyrics are. “There’s so much heart in every word she says, and every song feels like it’s ripped from the diary of the coolest girl you know,” she added.

Getty Images
 It’s fitting that both No Doubt and Rodrigo had their Coachella debut performance together. Since discovering the band in her teens, Rodrigo has repped the group, even performing “I’m Just a Girl” in 2022 during her Sour Tour. Most recently, the singer wore an “I’m Just a Girl” shirt during her first stop on her Guts World Tour.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)