Billie Eilish is more up the Sonic Youth singer and bassist's street
Kim Gordon has said she’s “not really a fan of Taylor Swift“.
The Sonic Youth singer and bassist released her solo album ‘The Collective‘ in March this year, and is due to perform at Volume Festival at the Art Gallery of New South Wales on July 18 and 19.
Speaking to The Guardian in a new interview, Gordon was asked her most controversial pop culture opinion.
“I don’t know if it’s controversial but I’m not really a fan of Taylor Swift,” she replied. “I couldn’t tell you what her music sounded like, actually.” Instead, Gordon said she preferred “pop icons” like Billie Eilish.
Credit: Danielle Neu
Gordon recently released her disorienting new single ‘ECRP’ in June to coincide with the start of her European tour for ‘The Collective’.
In a four-star review of ‘The Collective’, NME wrote: “Here the 70-year-old balances her less than commercial sensibilities with crunchily on-trend production and relatable lyrics about rotten capitalism and fragile masculinity – if these sound like themes she explored during Sonic Youth’s ‘90s heyday, it only goes to show how little has changed.
“Not all of these experiments quite come off: the industrial clang of ‘It’s Dark Inside’, on which she drawls, “they don’t teach clit in school / Like do Lit”, veers close to ‘Yeezus’ parody. It’s notable, though, how contemporary her distorted art-punk sounds, given the ongoing grunge resurgence and the fact that Olivia Rodrigo’s taking The Breeders on tour this year. Despite her new album’s title, here is an icon who’s spent more than four decades making truly individual art.”
‘The Collective’ was also named as one of the best albums of 2024 so far, described in a nutshell as “a clangorous, cutting experiment with trap beats and abrasive noise”.
Gordon’s second solo album features singles such as ‘Psychedelic Orgasm’, ‘I’m A Man’ and ‘BYE BYE’. It follows Gordon’s 2019 debut solo album ‘No Home Record’.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.