Avril Lavigne performs during the Glastonbury Festival in Worthy Farm, Somerset, England, Sunday, June 30, 2024.Scott A Garfitt/Invision/AP
Hey, Hey, You, You! I know you want to see pop-punk princess Avril Lavigne live in concert, and lucky for you, now’s your chance. The “Complicated” singer is bringing her “Greatest Hits Tour” to the Darien Lake Amphitheater, about 30 miles east of Buffalo, on Tuesday, August 20. The concert starts at 7 p.m., with special guest Simple Plan Girlfriends opening.
The career-spanning run, which is Lavigne’s eighth headlining concert tour, began on May 22 in Vancouver, Canada, and has included stops worldwide before its scheduled conclusion on September 18 in Calgary, Canada.
As the name suggests, Lavigne will showcase all the greatest hits from her extensive discography. This year, the singer celebrated the 20th anniversary of her multi-platinum sophomore album “Under My Skin” and released a fitting “Greatest Hits” album in support of the tour.
A complete list of Lavigne’s “Greatest Hits Tour” dates is available here.
For Lavigne’s Darien Lake concert, limited standard admission tickets are available on Live Nation, starting at $41.30 for lawn general admission, but greater availability and deals are available on secondary market platforms like Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
Here’s a look at the best resale options available (including fees):
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Lavigne’s setlist varies by show, but based on past setlists from previous tour stops on Setlist.fm, the singer will perform a 17-song set similar to the one below:
Lavigne’s “Greatest Hits” album can be purchased on CD or vinyl in classic black or neon green variants from Walmart, Urban Outfitters, Barnes and Noble and Amazon.
The album is also available to stream on Apple Music.
Can’t get enough live music? Lavigne isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Gracie Abrams.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices