Abby and Brittany Hensel slammed their 'devil' ex-boyfriend around the time of Abby's secret wedding to husband Josh Bowling.
It's thought Brittany was the one in the relationship with the mystery man, given the post's timing, but it's not confirmed. Abby and Josh's nuptials have only just been made public, but the actual ceremony took place around the same time as the TikTok.
The siblings shared a carousel of snaps with the man, paired with the tune 'Traitor' by Olivia Rodrigo. They made sure to add devil horns to their former beau's head, adding heartbroken emoji images before clapping back at cruel comments from fans.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Conjoined twin Abby Hensel says she's 'happy' and still in 'love' after secret wedding
Using the same account they announced Abby's wedding with, the twins replied to criticism under the video shared in July 2021. "Just because he broke up with you, it doesn't mean he's the devil! Just move on, you can't force someone to stay if they don't like it enough," one wrote, as the sisters replied: "You weren’t in the relationship."
Another troll said: "I think it’s sad when people whine about broken relationships." While Abby and Brittany's account responded: "And we think it’s sad you thought we care about your opinion." Another quipped, "This is inappropriate and not very classy at all. You're a public person, he's not." They shut them down too, replying: "Public people***"
The 34-year-old women are fused together at the torso, with each controlling one side of their body. Abby and Brittany rose to fame in 1996 when they appeared on an episode of the Oprah Winfrey Show. The twins landed their own reality show on TLC and viewers fell in love with the odd-defying duo and their joie de vivre.
Now, public records obtained by Today shows Abby and Josh, a nurse and United States Army veteran, married in 2021. Pictures of the ceremony have also been shared on social media, with one image showing Abby and Brittany dressed in a white wedding dress, standing alongside and holding hands with Josh, who is wearing a grey suit.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
The sisters - who both work as primary school teachers - have shared photos of the wedding on social media, where they can be seen beaming in a custom-made stunning white dress. The trio lives in Minnesota, where the twins are from, and according to Josh's Facebook page, he, Abby, and Brittany enjoy hikes in nature, ice cream, and snow tubing. His social media also shows he has an eight-year-old daughter from a previous relationship who accompanies them for family activities.
Speaking in 2012, Brittany - who controls their left arm and leg - said: "The whole world doesn’t need to know who we are seeing, what we are doing and when we are going to do it." Abby - who controls the right side of their body - agreed with her sister, adding: "Yeah, we are going to be mums one day, but we don’t want to talk about how it’s going to work yet."
Abby and Brittany's lives have been centred around defying expectations. On their 16th birthday, they passed their driving test - with both of them behind the wheel and their reality series showed them travelling to Europe, riding a moped and graduating from university with one degree each.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.