"Really big fan of human rights. Really big fan of women’s rights and women’s reproductive rights and social justice and gun laws"
Billie Eilish has doubled-down on her support for US Presidential candidate Kamala Harris, saying Harris being elected would make her “feel safe as a woman in my country” – see what else the singer had to say below.
In September, Eilish and her brother Finneas publicly endorsed Harris as President. Now, in a new cover chat published by Vogue – which was already in the works before the endorsement – Eilish teased that she was voting in support of Kamala.
Eilish said, speaking to Vogue: “I mean, this is the most important election of our time, maybe and it’s so easy to be like, ‘I don’t want to think about it…’. I have that same kind of feeling: ‘I’m one person, I can’t make any change’. But the truth is, we can all make change. And I have this platform and I’m going to use it.”
Billie Eilish. Credit: Arturo Holmes/Getty Images
When asked about the issues Kamala’s promised to tackle that speaks to Eilish, the young musician responded: “Really big fan of human rights. Really big fan of women’s rights and women’s reproductive rights and social justice and gun laws. A lot of my fans are going to be able to vote for the first time. So I’m like, ‘Do you like freedom?’ First female president? Would be really amazing. I would love to feel safe as a woman in my country.”
Following her public endorsement of Harris last month, Eilish’s ‘When the Party’s Over’ recently featured in the Democrat’s Ad on reproductive care.
Eilish is just one of many musicians who have voiced their support for Harris in the upcoming elections. Artists like Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, P!nk, Bon Iver, Quavo, Bruce Springsteen, Chappell Roan, Olivia Rodrigo and more have also come out in support of Harris ahead of this November’s election.
Kamala Harris – CREDIT: Andrew Harnik/Getty Images
Billie Eilish recently shared the music video for ‘Birds Of A Feather’. Directed by Aidan Zamiri, the supernatural-inspired video sees Eilish overtaken by invisible forces that drag her across the floor and up the walls.
In other news, she’ll be the musical guest on the October 19 episode of Saturday Night Live, alongside host Michael Keaton. It also emerged recently that Eilish is now learning to “do home production without” her brother Finneas, who has produced all three of her albums to date.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.