Carpenters, assemble! After opening up for Taylor Swift's Eras Tour late last year, Sabrina Carpenter is finally embarking on a no "Nonsense" tour of her own – which means more cheeky outros, more platform boots, and more chances to scream-sing "Espresso" at the top of your lungs (like we haven't done that enough this summer).

ICYMI: Carpenter's "Short n' Sweet" Tour is set to kick off today, Sept. 23, in Columbus, Ohio. From there, she'll headline stops throughout major US cities like New York and Philadelphia, before embarking on a European leg in March 2025. The tour comes fresh off the release of her critically acclaimed album, "Short n' Sweet," but it'll likely also revisit some of her past hits, like "Please Please Please" and "Feather."

Imagine if Lana Del Rey, Britney Spears, and Polly Pocket shared a wardrobe.
We'd argue that the only thing more fun than belting our your favorite tracks at a Sabrina Carpenter concert is figuring out what you're going to wear for the occasion — and we're not alone. According to Google Trend data, searches for "what to wear to a Sabrina Carpenter concert" and "Sabrina Carpenter tour outfits" have surged ever since her new show was announced. Fortunately for Carpenter's fans, the singer's style has become a focal point of her brand, thus providing plenty of inspiration for concert outfits.  
Her looks often draw on TikTok's coquette trend, but with a Y2K, pop princess-inspired twist; imagine if Lana Del Rey, Britney Spears, and Polly Pocket shared a wardrobe. Carpenter's concert outfits are typically heavy on heart cutouts, sparkles, and miniskirts galore. Best of all, they're also surprisingly easy to replicate, with similar styles that are available to shop on Amazon — and for under $50. 
Whether you're planning on attending one of Carpenter's upcoming concerts or simply want to take a page out of the star's style book, we curated a guide to the best concert outfits for the "Short n' Sweet" Tour, with looks that are inspired by the trendsetter herself. From a lacy blue set and an initial ring from Etsy to a strapless dress that resembles the one she wore in her "Espresso" cover, these concert outfit ideas will get you even more excited to see the show.  
Keep reading to shop our picks for the best Sabrina Carpenter-inspired outfits, and check out our other style guides for more inspiration on concert fashion — including what to wear to Taylor Swift's Eras Tour and Olivia Rodrigo's "Guts" World Tour. 
e.l.f. Cosmetics Truth or Bare Cream Glide Lip Liner ($2)

Carpenter might not have a signature red lip like Taylor Swift, but she does have a super recognizable pout. You can replicate her go-to makeup look with this pink lip liner, which goes on smooth and has just enough tint to create a lifted contrast.
Sabrina Carpenter "Espresso" Merch T-Shirt ($16)

We can't relate to desperation — except when it comes to getting our hands on a pair of tickets to the "Short n' Sweet" Tour. This shirt features one of the (many) famous lines from Carpenter's hit song, "Espresso," plus it's available to shop in a number of colorways: including black, pink, blue, and white.
Gudessly Rhinestones Sport Sun Visor ($13)

This sun visor reimagines the orange style Carpenter wore in her "Espresso" music video. The accessory will elevate even the most understated concert outfit with a sassier flair. Plus, it's a functional piece you can wear long after the show ends, too — like to the beach or poolside.
Feisedy Fashion Designer Sunglasses ($18)

Nothing screams Y2K quite like a pair of silver futuristic sunglasses. These frames have all the makings of a designer pair, but with an affordable price tag that won't break the bank. Pair them with a denim jacket and minidress for a look that'll mirror Carpenter's Coachella 2024 outfit.
Oyoangle Pearls Trim Crop Top ($24)

Carpenter is known for her custom Frolov heart corsets and dresses. While you might not have the budget to replicate her tour style exactly, you can keep in theme with this statement crop top. The piece features a pearl trim that's equal parts elegant and chic.
Forever 21 Two-Tone Bow Skort ($17, originally $25)

Play into the coquette trend with this flirty mini skort from Forever 21. With the style's classic black coloring, pleated silhouette, and delicate bow detail along the hip, this feels like a piece that was pulled straight out of Carpenter's wardrobe.
Verdusa 2-Piece Outfit ($15-$20)

While Carpenter might channel Y2K vibes in her day-to-day wardrobe, she's also been known to play around with '70s-inspired styles and wear pieces that are reminiscent of Cher's most iconic looks. The singer loves a set, and this slime green outfit matches her aesthetic perfectly. It also taps into another hot fashion trend: "Brat" summer.
Platform Gogo Boots ($43-$56)

Dance the night away at the "Short n' Sweet" Tour in these platform boots from Amazon. The shoes draw inspiration from Carpenter's white go-go boots, which have become a fixture of her concert style. Pair them with a corset top and miniskirt for a leggy (and playful) look you'll be excited to wear — and take endless pictures of.
Eyelet Lace Crop Top and Mini Skirt ($48)

You'll likely be doing a lot of dancing at Carpenter's "Short n' Sweet" Tour, which is why having a comfortable concert outfit is paramount. This crop top and miniskirt set is made from a polyester and spandex material that's stretchy and breathable, so you'll be able to move around (and shake your hips) with total ease. If the baby blue coloring isn't your vibe, the style is also available in hot pink and purple shades.
PacSun Edikted Priyah Contrast Fold Over Dress ($51)

We're obsessed with the retro beach style Carpenter channeled for her "Espresso" single, and lucky for us, her looks are fairly easy to replicate. This black-and-white minidress is in the same vein as the piece she wore for the cover of her chart-topping song. 
Custom Initial Letter Ring ($72, originally $95)

Fans of Carpenter are all too familiar with her signature initials ring, which features a large "S" and "C" lettering with encrusted rhinestones. Pay homage to the singer with this dainty ring from Etsy, which you can customize to feature your own initials.
Marc Jacobs The Sack Mini Bag ($325)

If you're looking to go all out with your concert outfit, consider splurging on an investment piece like this pink accessory from Marc Jacobs. The statement bag has Carpenter's seal of approval — she even starred in the brand's latest campaign with the piece — plus it'll add the perfect pop of color to any outfit. Just make sure you check the venue's bag guidelines, as many have clear bag policies.
Kyley Warren is an award-winning writer, editor, and affiliate strategist with more than four years of experience in the publishing space. She currently works as an assistant editor on PS Shopping and is an expert on all things related to shopping and fashion. She previously worked with Entertainment Tonight as a style commerce writer, and her byline has appeared in publications globally.