Allen has 13 songwriting credits on the latest Hot 100, including 12 on songs recorded by Carpenter.

													By
												

	Xander Zellner


	Amy Allen’s songwriting first appeared on Billboard’s charts in 2018 (via Selena Gomez’s “Back to You”) and now, six years later, she’s the No. 1 songwriter in the United States for the first time.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Amy Allen		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Allen jumps from No. 14 to No. 1 on the latest Hot 100 Songwriters chart (dated Sept. 7), thanks to 13 songwriting credits on the Billboard Hot 100, including all 12 from Sabrina Carpenter’s album Short n’ Sweet, which opens at No. 1 on the Billboard 200.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Here’s a recap of all 13 of Allen’s songwriting credits on the latest Hot 100.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Rank, Artist Billing, Title (co-songwriters in addition to Allen):

	Carpenter ranks at No. 2 on Hot 100 Songwriters; Allen claims No. 1 thanks to her additional credit on Koe Wetzel and Jessie Murph’s “High Road,” which ranks at No. 51 in its 12th week on the chart. Allen and Carpenter’s other writing collaborators, Jack Antonoff and John Ryan, place at Nos. 3 and 4 on Hot 100 Songwriters, respectively.

	Allen is the sixth woman to hit No. 1 on the Hot 100 Songwriters chart in 2024, after Tracy Chapman, Ariana Grande, Beyoncé, Taylor Swift and Billie Eilish. Other than Allen and Chapman (who topped the chart thanks to Luke Combs’ cover of her song “Fast Car”), the only other woman in the chart’s six-year history to hit No. 1 that wasn’t the billed recording artist on the songs they’d written that sent them to No. 1 is Jessica Agombar, who spent five weeks at No. 1 in 2020, alongside David Stewart, thanks to their work on BTS’ No. 1 hit “Dynamite.”

	Allen has co-written 34 Hot 100-charting songs, dating to Gomez’s “Back to You” (No. 18 peak). She followed that up with Halsey’s No. 1 “Without Me” in January 2019. Seven of her 34 hits have reached the top 10: “Without Me”; Harry Styles’ “Adore You” (No. 6) and “Matilda” (No. 9); Tate McRae’s “Greedy” (No. 3); and Carpenter’s “Espresso” (No. 3), “Please Please Please” (No. 1) and “Taste” (No. 2). She has also written songs recorded by Justin Bieber, Fletcher, Olivia Rodrigo and Justin Timberlake, among others.

	










	Six of Allen’s songs have hit No. 1 on the Pop Airplay chart: “Without Me,” “Adore You,” “Greedy” and Carpenter’s “Feather,” “Espresso” and “Please Please Please.”

	Allen has also released more than a dozen songs on streaming services as a lead recording artist, including four this year: “Girl With a Problem,” “Darkside,” “Even Forever” and “To Love Me.”

Billboard launched the Hot 100 Songwriters and Hot 100 Producers charts, as well as genre-specific rankings for country, rock & alternative, R&B/hip-hop, R&B, rap, Latin, Christian, gospel and dance/electronic, in June 2019, while alternative and hard rock joined in 2020, along with seasonal holiday rankings in 2022. The charts are based on total points accrued by a songwriter and producer, respectively, for each attributed song that appears on the Hot 100. The genre-based songwriter and producer charts follow the same methodology based on corresponding “Hot”-named genre charts. As with Billboard’s yearly recaps, multiple writers or producers split points for each song equally (and the dividing of points will lead to occasional ties on rankings).

	The full Hot 100 Songwriters and Hot 100 Producers charts and full genre rankings can be found on Billboard.com.

	









Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.