The "Vampire" singer made headlines earlier this week for distributing free morning after pills and condoms on her Guts Tour. 
Lester Fabian Brathwaite is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where he covers breaking news, all things Real Housewives, and a rich cornucopia of popular culture. Formerly a senior editor at Out magazine, his work has appeared on NewNowNext, Queerty, Rolling Stone, and The New Yorker. He was also the first author signed to Phoebe Robinson's Tiny Reparations imprint. He met Oprah once.
 Olivia Rodrigo has apparently lost some of her Guts.

 The Grammy-winner's team has reversed course on a plan to distribute contraceptives during her Guts Tour, Variety reports.

Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty
 Just days ago, on March 12, attendees at the St. Louis stop of the tour were treated to a Guts-branded package containing two boxes of Julie — an emergency contraceptive that can prevent pregnancy when taken within 72 hours of unprotected sex — along with information on how to access abortion care resources in the state.

 The contraceptives and accompanying information had been available at booths hosted by the Missouri Abortion Fund and Text Right By You, a youth-focused hotline providing reproductive rights resources, since at least March 8. However, in the current political climate where reproductive rights are constantly under assault by conservative pundits and politicians, the seemingly innocuous act went viral after fans tweeted out the materials, stirring up a fair share of praise and controversy.

 Now, abortion funds are no longer allowed to distribute these materials, a decision made reportedly by Rodrigo's team and relayed to the National Network of Abortion Funds. Jade Hurley, communications manager for the DC Abortion Fund, tells Variety the NNAF said Rodrigo’s team decided to halt distribution of contraceptive materials because “children are present at the concerts.”

 Reps for Rodrigo did not immediately respond to EW's request for comment.

 The 21-year-old singer kicked off her latest tour in February by launching the Fund 4 Good (a play on her single “Good 4 U”), which donated a portion of her Guts Tour proceeds to reproductive rights organizations such as the NNAF.

 Rodrigo has often used her platform to advocate support for women’s healthcare, expressing her outrage onstage after the U.S. Supreme Court overturned Roe v. Wade, the landmark 1973 case that protected a woman’s choice to have an abortion, at the Glastonbury Festival in 2022.

 "I'm devastated and terrified that so many women and so many girls are going to die because of this,” she said at the time, dedicating Lily Allen's "F--- You" to the five Justices on the Supreme Court who "showed us that at the end of the day, they truly don't give a s--- about freedom."

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)