By LAURA PARKIN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  11:37, 23 August 2024   |  Updated:  12:31, 23 August 2024   
 111
View  comments
Pink fans were left ‘in shock’ when her daughter Willow joined her on stage during the Democratic National Convention in Chicago on Thursday. 
Willow, 13, stunned fans with her voice, with listeners praising her 'amazing' rendition of the star's 2017 hit track, What About Us. 
The hitmaker, 44 - whose teenage daughter is no stranger to singing in front of a live audience - belted out lyrics together on the last day of the event. 
Sharing their thoughts to X, those watching praised their 'touching' performance and hailed the teenagers voice 'beautiful.'
Fans wrote: 'Pink and her daughter Willow were amazing!'; 'Pink was great tonight! And can I just say her daughter Willow has a fantastic voice! Momma has got to be proud!'; 'So touching and perfect. Pink with her beautiful daughter singing "What About Us". Wow.'
Pink fans were left ‘in shock’ when her daughter Willow joined her on stage during the Democratic National Convention in Chicago on Thursday
Willow, 13, stunned fans with her voice, with listeners praising her 'amazing' rendition of the star's 2017 hit track, What About Us
They added: 'One of the most incredibly talented and best singers of our generation. Her daughter sounded so great too! So beautiful!'; 'This was such a wonderful performance. Pink is such a strong woman & amazing performer. And her daughter has a beautiful voice. Love this song.'
Their duet comes shortly after the 13-year-old left her mother's Summer Carnival Tour in order to pursue her own passion for theater. 
The songstress shares her daughter as well as son, Jameson, seven, with husband Carey Hart - whom she tied the knot with in 2006. 
The mother daughter duo color-coordinated in all-black ensembles as they stood next to each other under the bright stage lights. 
Pink donned a strapless, corset top as well as loose-fitting, black trousers that were secured with a black and silver belt around the waist. 
Pleated fabric also partially wrapped behind the singer for a stylish flare, and she completed the look by slipping into a pair of black boots. 
Willow sported a plain, black shirt as well as black pants and combat boots that offered an edgy flare. 
The teenager has been following in her mother's performing footsteps, and back in 2018, covered the song, A Million Dreams, for The Greatest Showman: Reimagined.
Sharing their thoughts to X, those watching praise their 'touching' performance and hailed the teenagers voice 'beautiful'
The hitmaker, 44 - whose teenage daughter is no stranger to singing in front of a live audience - belted out lyrics together on the last day of the event 
A few years later in 2021, the Grammy winner and her daughter released a duet called, Cover Me In Sunshine. The song landed on charts in various countries, such as the number six spot on the Australia (ARIA) chart. 
Earlier this year in February, Willow appeared on stage with her mother during her Summer Carnival Tour in Australia and the pair notably sang Cover Me In Sunshine. 
And last year in January, Pink proudly shared a clip of her daughter - who was 11 at the time - performing an Olivia Rodrigo cover during her first recital. 
Pink is in the midst of her Summer Carnival Tour - with the next date scheduled for Saturday, August 24 in Chicago at Soldier Field. 
The Raise Your Glass singer will make other stops in cities across the U.S. and also Vancouver through November of this year.
The last date of her tour is slated for November 20 at Colonial Life Arena located in Columbia, South Carolina. 
A few months earlier in June, the performer jumped to her main Instagram page to reveal that Willow was stepping back from performing on her mother's tour to pursue her passion for theater. 
In a video uploaded to her fans and followers, Pink could be seen having a heartfelt conversation with the teen. 'I want you to tell me all the things. You're leaving me. Why would you ever do that?' she playfully asked. 
The star then added, 'What are you doing when you get home, what are you looking forward to?' Willow revealed that she will star in a production of Bye Bye Birdie. 
'All right, so theater. So, you fell in love with Mamma Mia? I remember when you came out on stage for the first time in Mamma Mia and you were like...,' Pink said as she excitedly tossed her arms into the air. 
'And I was like, "Who is that person?" I had never seen you so big and like, your energy was six times your body. It was amazing. I was blown away.' 
The mother daughter duo color-coordinated in all-black ensembles as they stood next to each other under the bright stage lights
The teenager has been following in her mother's performing footsteps, and back in 2018, covered the song, A Million Dreams, for The Greatest Showman: Reimagined
Pink is in the midst of her Summer Carnival Tour - with the next date scheduled for Saturday, August 24 in Chicago at Soldier Field; seen in 2023 in Miami 
In a video uploaded to her fans and followers, Pink could be seen having a heartfelt conversation with the teen. 'I want you to tell me all the things. You're leaving me. Why would you ever do that?' she playfully asked
Willow expressed her dream of doing theater 'professionally' and to eventually have the chance to perform on Broadway. 
Pink then told her daughter, 'You have your own lane and you want to be in it and I love that for you.' 
'I will tell you that in this last recital, I saw a version of you that I didn't know existed. And it is really wild to watch you grow up and grow out of me.'
At the time, she also wrote in the caption of the post, 'This weekend's shows were Willow's last few on tour before she takes time away to follow her dreams.'
'And I was like, "Who is that person?" I had never seen you so big and like, your energy was six times your body. It was amazing. I was blown away,' she said 
'It's wild to watch your children grow up and out of you, but I'm beyond proud. We all are. I'm gonna miss you so much. ❤️❤️❤️,' the singer concluded
She added: 'I promised I wouldn't cry. I DID NOT however, promise I wouldn't hyperventilate through our hug.' 
'It's wild to watch your children grow up and out of you, but I'm beyond proud. We all are. I'm gonna miss you so much. ❤️❤️❤️,' the singer concluded. 
Along with her tour, Pink has been filtering through a busy summer and was spotted at Wimbledon last month in July. 
The award-winning singer will also celebrate her 45th birthday next month on September 8.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group