Hear ye! Hear ye!
This week’s weekly three-day Taylor Swift ‘Eras Tour’ extravaganza featuring Paramore is going down at Liverpool, GB’s Anfield Stadium from June 13-15.
And, if you held out until the last minute, you’re in luck.
Based on our findings, ticket prices have significantly dropped since we last reported on her Liverpool shows three days ago.
On Monday, June 10, the lowest price we could find on tickets to see Tay Tay at Anfield Stadium were $425 USD before fees on Vivid Seats.
Now, just a mere 72 hours later, seats can be scooped up for as low as $291 USD before fees.
That’s over $130 USD in savings!
Sometimes “all of this silence and patience, pining in anticipation” as Swift sings in “Dress,” really does pay off.
Want to see Taylor bring all the hits from her sprawling, multi-genre career live this weekend?
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about seeing Taylor Swift’s ‘Eras Tour’ concerts at Liverpool, GB’s Anfield Stadium below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all ‘Eras Tour’ Liverpool Anfield Stadium concert dates and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Post-“Tortured Poet’s Department” release, Swift has incorporated the new album into her shows.
For a closer look, here’s what Tay Tay played at her final Paris concert at La Defense Arena, according to Set List FM:
Lover
01.) “Miss Americana & the Heartbreak Prince”02.) “Cruel Summer”03.) “The Man”04.) “You Need to Calm Down”05.) “Lover”Fearless
06.) “Fearless”07.) “You Belong With Me”08.) “Love Story”Red09.) “22”10.) ”We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together”11.) “I Knew You Were Trouble”12.) “All Too Well”Speak Now13.) “Enchanted”reputation
14.) “…Ready for It?”15.) “Delicate”16.) “Don’t Blame Me”17.) “Look What You Made Me Do”folklore / evermore
18.) “cardigan”19.) “betty”20.) “champagne problems”21.) “august”22.) “illicit affairs”23.) “my tears ricochet”24.) “marjorie”25.) “willow”1989
26.) “Style”27.) “Blank Space”28.) “Shake It Off”29.) “Wildest Dreams”30.) “Bad Blood”THE TORTURED POETS DEPARTMENT
31.) “Female Rage: The Musical” (contains elements of “MBOBHFT”, “WAfoLOM?”, “loml”, “So Long, London” & “BDILH”)32.) “But Daddy I Love Him / So High School”33.) “Who’s Afraid of Little Old Me?”34.) “Down Bad”35.) “Fortnight”36.) “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived”37.) “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart”Surprise Songs
38.) “The Alchemy / Treacherous”39.) “Begin Again”Midnights
40.) “Lavender Haze”41.) “Anti‐Hero”42.) “Midnight Rain”43.) “Vigilante Shit”44.) “Bejeweled”45.) “Mastermind”46.) “Karma”
Our team has been following the ‘Eras Tour’ closely over the past year.
Over the past few months, we spoke to a Swiftie who shared some helpful tips about seeing Taylor live, reported on dropping ticket prices, and came up with a list of all the most exciting fan trends.
Swift’s “The Tortured Poets Department” was released at midnight (and subsequently at 2 a.m.) on Friday, April 19.
While every listener will likely come away with their own favorites, we particularly enjoyed the sleek, synthy “Fortnight,” icy “So Long, London,” anthemic “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart,” a bombastic slow build of “The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived” and gorgeously arranged “Chloe or Sam or Sophia or Marcus.”
If you want to give it a spin — if you haven’t already, that is — you can find “The Tortured Poets Department” here.
The Hayley Williams-fronted pop-punk rockers are opening for Swift from May through August this year. This may come as a bit of a surprise to some fans considering that the group mounted a successful arena tour of their own in 2023.
That tour came on the heels of Paramore’s 2022 reunion; prior to that, the band had been on a five-year hiatus.
For fans who want to check out their latest, their 2023 album “This Is Why” can be heard here.
Although it will cost an arm and a leg (sometimes more!) to see Swift live this year, there are much more affordable — likely stateside — concerts you can attend this year.
Here are just five of our favorite artists you won’t want to miss live.
• Olivia Rodrigo
• Kacey Musgraves
• Pink
• Gracie Abrams
• Billie Eilish
Who else is on the road this year? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change