The 66th Annual Grammy Awards took place on Sunday, Feb. 4, with show-stopping performances, heartwarming acceptance speeches, and of course, the red carpet. This year’s red carpet was full of looks reminiscent of the “old Hollywood” style with a twist featuring some modern touches. 
The color scheme this year was clearly black and white, with the majority of attendees wearing very simple, monotone looks. The plain color palette meshed well with the second trend that was evident on the carpet this year—archival fashion. 
The combination of vintage pieces with the black and white theme of the evening resulted in a red carpet filled with looks reminiscent of 1950s Hollywood glamor. Although many of the night’s looks shared a color palette, certain celebrities stood out among the crowd. 
Bebe Rexha wore a stunning black Robert Wun gown, showing off mesh gloves and two long trains. Album of the year nominee Janelle Monáe wore a custom Giorgio Armani Privé gown to embody a look she described as “futuristic” and “timeless.” With its sequin details, floral centerpiece, and plunging neckline, this gown was one of the night’s stand outs. 
Olivia Rodrigo arrived on the carpet wearing an archival Versace gown from 1995. Last worn by Linda Evangelista, the white, floor length gown with intricate beading perfectly embodied the glamorous old Hollywood style that appeared to be the night’s theme. While Rodrigo’s look was not necessarily inventive, the young artist seemed to embrace a more mature look as she breaks free of her Disney roots and moves from her teenage years into her early 20s. 
Menswear similarly reflected the vintage trends, with John Legend sporting an all-black ensemble with a unique silk tie that accentuated the look’s exaggerated neckline. The simple yet elegant outfit was a perfect example of how to make an all black look memorable. 
In one of the most creative looks of the evening, Lenny Kravitz arrived in a futuristic mesh top paired with black leather sleeves. Accessorized with a pair of black sunglasses, Kravitz effortlessly pulled off a formal outfit that embodied his effortlessly cool persona. 21 Savage brought a unique twist to the classic all-black tux, wearing a sleek suit with golden detailing along the hems, adding an elevated, modern touch.
I think it is impossible to discuss the black and white looks of the night without mentioning Taylor Swift’s custom white Schiaparelli gown, paired with arm-length black gloves and several diamond necklaces. 
Swift’s look served as a red herring to fans who suspected it would serve as a nod to the upcoming re-recording of her sixth album, reputation. The black and white color scheme of Swift’s outfit instead represented the color scheme of her upcoming 11th album, The Tortured Poets Department, which she announced after winning the Grammy for “Best Pop Vocal Album” later that night. 
Apart from the heavy use of black and white, the red carpet featured a number of metallic looks, making for some of the evening’s best looks. 
Dua Lipa wore a chainmail gown that she said felt “a bit Joan of Arc.” The outfit not only connected her to a strong woman, but also helped Dua Lipa capitalize on female empowerment in the spirit of Barbie.
Miley Cyrus wore a custom Maison Margiela ensemble made entirely of gold safety pins, creating a nearly nude effect. This statement outfit was paired with a voluminous hairstyle that made Cyrus’ hair appear like a crown. 
Cyrus went on to sport other metallic looks throughout the evening, including a gorgeous bronze gown when she accepted her first ever Grammy. She also showcased a silver fringe dress for her performance of “Flowers,” which had just won the Grammy for “Best Pop Solo Performance.” All of her looks allowed Cyrus’ loud and carefree personality to shine through.  
On the other end of the metallic-inspired spectrum, Jon Batiste wore a silver outfit, which was from Versace. His high collared jacket and silver kilt were one of the most unique looks of the evening, and really leaned into the more futuristic and modern elements that many other looks shared undertones of. 
While plenty of artists were well-dressed, my favorite look of the evening belonged to Chloe Bailey’s stunning bronze gown. With its elegant shape and perfectly placed cut out, the gown encapsulated the glamor of old Hollywood while incorporating modern touches that made it the standout look of the night. 
This year’s red carpet was filled with many memorable fashion moments that set the tone for an evening of celebrating an extremely memorable year for music. The looks both took some inspiration from the past and simultaneously proved the music industry has a bright future.
NEWS SPORTS ARTS MAGAZINE NEWTON OPINIONS MULTIMEDIA
ABOUT CONTACT JOIN THE HEIGHTS ADVERTISE NEWSLETTER DONATE DIVERSITY AUDIT MASTHEAD