"Olivia Rodrigo asking my sister and I to kiss was not on my 2024 bingo card," wrote TikTok user Tom Santo following the hilarious exchange
Jack Irvin has over five years of experience working in digital journalism, and he’s worked at PEOPLE since 2022. Jack started in the industry with internships at Rolling Stone and Entertainment Tonight, and he worked as a writer for publications including Bustle, MTV News, Shondaland, L’Officiel USA, Ladygunn, Flood and PopCrush before joining PEOPLE. In his current role, Jack covers daily music news and has interviewed both up-and-coming and established artists including Dolly Parton, Michelle Branch, Ashanti, Cyndi Lauper, Normani, Carly Rae Jepsen and Coco Jones.
Christopher Polk/Getty
 Kissing your sibling is a bad idea, right? (Yes.)

 During Olivia Rodrigo's Guts World Tour stop in Sydney, Australia, on Oct. 17, two attendees were filmed and displayed on a big screen in the arena, and the Grammy winner asked them to kiss each other — before finding out they're brother and sister.

 "You guys are so cute," Rodrigo, 21, told the concertgoers, per footage on TikTok. "Hey, I have a really cute fun thing to ask. Would you guys give us a kiss on the Guts Cam?"

Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty
 The audience cheered, but the two individuals appeared to nervously laugh and shoot down the question, as one pointed to the other and said, "She's my sister!"

 Rodrigo, taken aback, exclaimed, "She’s your sister? Oh s---! Oh s---! Never mind, never mind, scrap that. Oh God, that hasn’t happened before."

 Tom Santo, the brother in question, posted a video of the moment to TikTok alongside the text, "Olivia Rodrigo asking my sister and I to kiss was not on my 2024 bingo card."

Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty
 "Sorry to disappoint you @Olivia Rodrigo but that would be my sister," he wrote in the caption.

 The "Vampire" performer left a comment on the video, writing, "I AM SO SORRY."

 Rodrigo wraps the Oceania leg of her Guts World Tour with two more shows at Sydney's Qudos Bank Arena on Oct. 21 and 22. Then, she'll head to Latin America for a series of shows throughout March, before concluding the tour with two stops at Co-op Live in Manchester, England, on June 30 and July 1.

Christopher Polk/Getty
 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer​​, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Lately, the tour has been quite eventful. At her Oct. 14 show in Melbourne, Australia, the star appeared to rip out a chunk of her hair in a video captured by a concertgoer and shared to TikTok.

 In the clip, Rodrigo spins in circles while holding the microphone up to her mouth. As she lowers the mic and begins to whip her head around, a piece of her hair can be seen being pulled out and held in her hand.

 The motion doesn't appear to bother the star, which suggests that it was a hair extension and not Rodrigo's actual hair. "I hope that was a hair extension that she ripped out... " the TikTok user wrote over the video.

 Elsewhere during the same concert, Rodrigo fell through a hole in the stage, and the crowd gasped and screamed in unison, per fan-captured videos posted on X and TikTok.

 “Oh my God, that was fun! I'm OK,” Rodrigo said, laughing off the accident while lifting herself back onto the stage. "Wow, sometimes, just there's just a hole in the stage."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)