A collection of cozy gift ideas to shop for the holidays.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Chestnuts roasting on an open fire? Jack Frost nipping at your nose? December is just getting started and the winter chill is coming in strong. 

	Between stress of shopping for holidays gifts and blizzard-like weather conditions in parts of the country, you could probably use more comfort in your life. From comfy slippers to fuzzy blankets and cozy pajamas, ‘tis the season for cuddling up and getting as comfortable as you can. 

	To make sure you’re prepared — for the cold weather and the holidays — we’ve curated a collection of cozy essentials that you won’t be able to pass up (especially the slippers). And there’s good news for your bank account: most of the items listed are on sale for Cyber Monday. While you don’t have a ton of time left to snag these cyber deals, if you’re fast enough, you’ll score major discounts on coats, hats, gloves, bags and other necessities for winter — with savings of more than 70% off select items. 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The holidays season will be shorter than usual this year with just 27 days between Thanksgiving and Christmas, the shortest holiday shopping season since 2019. With less time to shop, you’ll need some help searching for the right gifts.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Whether you need something cozy for yourself, Christmas gifts, White Elephant gifts or stocking stuffers, keep reading for a selection of cozy must-haves to shop before winter officially arrives.

		Bundle up! Nike’s Sportswear Metro Puffer Hooded Vest has Therma-FIT technology which essentially locks in your natural heat to keep your warm. The vest is available in black and white, sizes XXS (0-00) to XXL (20-22). Use code: CYBER to get save 30% off. 	

		You can help but love Squishmallows. The popular plushie becomes a cozy slipper for the holidays – available in festive character designs such as Dawn the Fawn, Cam the Cat, Johann the Pine Tree and Sivi the Hot Cocoa.	

		These knitted gloves feature a convertible design that lets you go from mittens to gloves, and back again. Get them for just $11 during Walmart’s Cyber Monday sale.	

		Tote-ally worth it! Free People’s Commuter Tote is gearing up for the holidays as one of the brand’s bestselling bags. Available in holiday red, black and winter white, the spacious tote features a button closure at the top and interior zip picket for additional storage.	

		A trapper hat is great for the cold weather, and it looks good. This down-filled trapper hat from Eddie Bauer features water-repellent acrylic/polyester fabric and ear flaps lined with faux fur.	

		Warm gloves are essential for cozy season. Nike’s Jordan Feel Gloves have touch screen-compatible fingertips, which means you won’t have to take them off to use your phone. 	

		Anthropologie’s stylish faux fur coat will look great in your holiday parties and other wintery festivities. It’s available in black, oat and leopard (sizes XXS-XXL). Lady Gaga, Beyoncé and Rihanna are a few music stars that rock faux fur.	

		As if Crocs couldn’t get more comfortable, the brand released the casual croc with warm and cozy lining.	

		Imagine slipping out of the cold air and into a pair of fleece pajamas. This two-piece loungewear set is available in 16 different colors including beige, black, coffee, grey, green, pink, white, khaki and navy.	

		This oversized sweater from Madewell features a wool and alpaca blend, and its “so soft” and “comfy” according to customer reviews. The sweater is available in navy and tan – and on sale for an additional 35% off the clearance price for Cyber Monday.	

		The North Face Osito Lux Jacket is made of ultra-soft fleece with two roomy pockets, a zip closure and adjustable collar for added warmth.	

		They don’t just protect you from the cold, earmuffs can help you block out your surroundings. These UGG earmuffs feature soft, shearling material — and they’re available in a handful of colors including pink, charcoal, chestnut and black. 	

		Cropped meets cozy. Alo Yoga’s Orion faux leather, cropped puffer is lined with sherpa for extra warmth. The cropped jacket features zipper pockets on either side and a cinchable, drawstring waist (available in black and toasted almond; sizes 2-14).	

		If you love the feeling of faux fur, you’ll love cuddling with this Cozy Earth Bubble Blanket. With its plush fibers and medium weight, the Bubble Cuddle makes a nice center piece and warming companion, but it’s almost out of stock in most colors. If it happens to sell out, you can find faux fur alternatives at Amazon, Walmart and Bare Home.	

		Weighted blankets can save you money on the heating bill and help you sleep better.  Bearby’s Cotton Napper is top-rated, weighted blanket that works incredibly well at keeping you warm and comforable enough to catch some Z’s. The chunky knit blanket is made from organic cotton, and a favorite of Olivia Rodrigo.	

		Shopping for an affordable cashmere sweater? This Bloomingdale’s sweater is 50% off — and available in seven colors including black, red, nutmeg, medium grey, navy, cloud blue and dark green. 	

		Parkas are perfect for snowy conditions. Levi’s oversized men’s parka is lined with warm material and equipped with storm cuffs help keep out cold drafts. The jacket has two front pockets, an adjustable hood, and it’s available in black, coffee and tan (sizes S-XXL).	

	For more product recommendations, read our picks for the coziest beanies to keep you warm for winter and best deals on cozy bedding.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.