Charli XCX released her sixth studio album on June 7. "Brat" comes just two years after "Crash" landed in March 2022. The British pop star has been around more than a decade now, but she hasn't earned any Grammy noms as a lead artist yet, and she hasn't won any hardware. Could this finally be her time to shine?
"Brat" has a sky-high MetaCritic score of 92 based on 17 reviews counted as of this writing -- every single one of them classified as positive. Among those raving about the album is Poppie Platt (The Telegraph UK), who calls it "a courageous, candid reflection on how dreadful it can feel to constantly be the 'cool girl,' the one who laughs off failure, or pretends not to care what the critics think." Adds Laura Snapes (The Guardian), "Charli’s unbarred feelings of insecurity, bitchiness and obsession are so fiercely well observed that they make tedious footnotes irrelevant ... It’s hard to think of another pop star whose vision is so expansive and generous, not least in her willingness to risk being seen as mean in order to say something true. "
Paolo Ragusa (Consequence) says, "Charli XCX is very clearly having as much fun as possible, starting the party over and over again with in-your-face ragers and bad-bitch club tracks. But Charli is right to show that as shiny and futuristic the exterior is, she is not indestructible." Meaghan Garvey (Pitchfork) calls "Brat" "imperious and cool, nuanced and vulnerable, and one of the best pop albums of the year." And Brittany Spanos (Rolling Stone) states, "'Brat' seesaws between extremes from song to song, a hyperpop roller coaster of post-Saturn return, early-thirties anxieties, and It-girl bravado."
But Charli XCX hasn't quite gotten her It-girl moment of superstardom despite often hovering around it. She did score one megahit in 2014 as a featured artist on Iggy Azalea's "Fancy," which earned her a Grammy nom for Record of the Year. Her last album "Crash" was her first to break into the top 10 on the Billboard 200. And her contribution to the 2023 "Barbie" soundtrack, "Speed Drive," put her on the Billboard Hot 100 for the first time in nine years. But in a pop landscape crowded with young women from Taylor Swift to Olivia Rodrigo, she hasn't managed to make noise at the Grammys in her own right.
"Brat" could be her moment, though, scoring a good 13 points higher on MetaCritic than "Crash" did. In fact, it's by far the best score she has ever gotten from music journos. So after "Crash" and "Speed Drive" gave her a commercial shot in the arm, might this critical sensation finally help her stand out from her peers on the awards scene?
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media