By 

	Daniel Kreps


Babyface is the latest artist to parody Nicole Kidman’s ubiquitous AMC ad, with the singer recreating the oft-mocked “We Make Movies Better” spot to promote his own Las Vegas residency.

	Instead of celebrating the wonders of the cinema, Babyface’s ad — uploaded Wednesday onto his social media — finds the singer taking in his own show at the Pearl Concert Theater at Sin City’s Palms Casino Resort, home of his upcoming residency. 
A post shared by Kenny Edmonds (@babyface)

	“We come to this place for magic,” Babyface says, paraphrasing Kidman’s spot. “We go to the concerts to love, to cry, to care. Because we need that. All of us.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Babyface added in the caption, “I have recently been saying that listening to music or going to an old school concert is like time traveling. You know, it’s like hearing a certain song that takes you right back to the house where you grew up and your mom was Spring cleaning singing every word. It’s like smelling a certain dish and you’re sitting right back in your mom’s kitchen. With that being said, I would like to invite you all to Vegas to walk down memory lane with me and time travel together.”

	










	Babyface’s ad comes just a week after Olivia Rodrigo parodied the Kidman commercial during downtime at her Montreal concert. Kidman herself will reprise her most iconic role when the actress appears in a new series of AMC ads that will screen in multiplexes throughout 2024.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.