Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The much-anticipated comeback of the Glastonbury Festival to Worthy Farm is slated for the end of June 2025 and, following recent news about when tickets will go on sale, rumours are buzzing about who has a gap in their schedule to visit Somerset that week. The full-line up is not usually released until the end of spring, but that doesn't stop die-hard fans from speculating - sometimes wildly - about potential performers.
The festival is set to take place from June 25 -29 next year and, if you're hoping to attend soon, this might be your year. The festival will take a year off in 2026 to give the land, the farm the village, and the festival team a break from the thousands of feet marching all over it, so 2025 is the year to get your tickets.
 Glasto organisers recently revealed when tickets will go on sale for the festival. A recent post on X (formerly known as Twitter) by the official Glastonbury Festival account confirmed: "Glastonbury Festival 2025 tickets will go on sale on Thursday, November 14 (coach + ticket packages), and Sunday, November 17 (standard tickets)." 
 The post also contained a direct link to the festival's site, detailing everything you need to know about securing tickets for the upcoming event. Tickets will be exclusively sold through SeeTickets and have been priced at , not including a £5 booking charge. 
 Here's everything we know about next year's festival so far:
The festival will take place from June 25-June 29. Musical act do not usually take place until later into the week, but arriving early lets revellers soak up the atmosphere, secure a semi-decent camping spot and checkout all of the other events and activities the festival has to offer.
As ever, Glastonbury Festival is held at Worthy Farm, near Pilton in Somerset. It covers around 1,500 acres of land and will be home to around 200,000 people for the week.
Tickets for the festival are available exclusively through SeeTickets, and will cost £373.50 for a General Admission Full Weekend ticket, plus a £5 booking fee. This is an increase of around £18.50 on last year's price and it includes:
As usual, tickets are strictly non-transferable, to fight against ticket scalping. Prospective attendees must complete pre-registration to book tickets, with each one featuring the photograph of the individual to whom it has been issued. This photo is verified upon arrival to confirm only the identified ticket-holder gains entry to the festival grounds.
Prospective buyers must possess an active registration number before attempting to acquire tickets. Those looking to purchase multiple tickets, for instance for a group, must ensure every member possesses a registered number ahead of the sale date.
You must register online before tickets go on sale and will need to provide basic contact information and a passport-style photo. You can register online here.
The Glastonbury line-up is typically kept secret until just a few months before the festival itself. This year's headliners were Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA and included other formidable performers like Shania Twain, Cyndi Lauper and the Sugababes. Jumping on the popularity of the girl bands at this year's festival, it has been rumoured that Emily Eavis is reportedly looking to book Girls Aloud for next year's festival.
Similarly Rihanna is also said to be in talks to headline. It comes as the popstar is reportedly working on her ninth album and in the mix to set off on a world tour next year.
Betting site OddsChecker hints that another US popstar, Olivia Rodrigo is also in the running to play on the Pyramid Stage next year. The Good4U singer coming in from 11/8 to 1/3 on Sky Bet. 
There is only one group fans can be certain of; despite announcing a highly anticipated reunion tour next year, Oasis have quashed any idea of playing their fourth year at Worthy Farm. 
A statement on the band's social media channels said: "Despite media speculation, Oasis will not be playing Glastonbury 2025 or any other festivals next year. The only way to see the band will be on their Oasis Live '25 World Tour."