Justin Timberlake will perform at Madison Square Garden on June 25.
Justin Timberlake has announced his first tour in five years, and fans will do anything to get their hands on tickets.
After the former NSYNC singer announced his “The Forget Tomorrow World Tour”, fans rushed to sign up on Ticketmaster for one of the presales, in hopes of securing a seat for this highly coveted tour.
When the announcement came out, fans had until Feb. 1 at 5 p.m. for a chance to access the numerous ticket sales.
Due to the high demand for tickets during the presale, ticket availability was limited and ticket options varied throughout each venue.
Getting your hands on presale tickets was nearly impossible, and will only be harder when the general sale begins on Feb. 2.
However, it is not the end of the road for Justin Timberlake fans who could not secure presale tickets.
Tickets for Timberlake’s “The Forget Tomorrow World Tour” are available on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, VividSeats, TicketCity and TicketNetwork.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200  by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
A complete list of Justin Timberlake’s “Forget Tomorrow World Tour” dates is available here.
Justin Timberlake is not the only artist heading out on tour. Here are a few more artists you don’t want to miss out on, including Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Nicki Minaj.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices