Travis Scott performs on day one of the Astroworld Music Festival at NRG Park on Friday, Nov. 5, 2021, in Houston.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Travis Scott is bringing his “Circus Maxximus Tour” back to the US with a one-night-only concert at New Jersey’s MetLife Stadium on October 9. 
Scott was previously slated to perform at the stadium last year but had to cancel due to scheduling conflicts. 
“I wanted to do this venue during the first leg, but football season had it tied up,” Scott wrote in the concert announcement on Instagram. “I had to make sure we spin the block. New York has always been the place for me when I perform it lets me know the real metric of rage.”
Ticketmaster is holding several ongoing presales until July 25 at 11:59 p.m. EDT. Prices for upper-level seating start at $55.
The general public sale will begin on July 26 at 10 a.m. EDT.
If you miss the presale and general sale, tickets are already available on secondary market platforms, such as Vivid Seats, SeatGeek and StubHub.
In addition to his MetLife Stadium concert, Scott announced new dates in Latin America, Australia and New Zealand this fall. He’s currently touring Europe and the UK, where his Tuesday concert in Milan drew in a crowd of 80,000 and sparked false earthquake alarms among locals.
A post shared by flame (@travisscott)
Can’t get enough live music? Scott isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Sabrina Carpenter, Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan and Childish Gambino.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices