Sabrina Carpenter referenced one of her boyfriend Barry Keoghan 's most memorable movie moments as she took to the stage at Coachella on Friday.
The plucky popstar is often heard changing the outro to her song Nonsense and chose to pay homage to the Hollywood star as she took to the stage at the lavish music event. In footage from her set at the festival she sings: "He’s drinkin’ my bath water like it’s red wine, Coachella, see you back here when I headline."
The line of course refers to Barry's shock moment in the hit movie that made him a talking point in households worldwide as his character Oliver Quick is seen spying on friend Felix Catton - played by Jacob Elordi - as he masturbates in the bath. Oliver rushes to the tub after Felix departs and proceeds to slurp up the water as it drains away.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter blasted for 'disrespecting' Cillian Murphy and his devoted wife Yvonne McGuinness
Several other provocative scenes in the movie catapulted Barry to his highest peak of fame yet as the disturbing character had sex with Felix's grave after he murdered him, as well as performing oral sex on a girl during her period, and dancing naked around a mansion to the tune of Sophie Ellis Bextor hit, Murder On The Dancefloor.
Barry and Sabrina's romance blossomed after being linked late last year following his Saltburn success. The pair confirmed they were an item at a Grammy Awards afterparty in February this year but have remained relatively tight-lipped about their relationship.
However, Sabrina did recently discuss how she is "enjoying" the "new" love affair with Cosmopolitan magazine as she graced the cover in a skimpy pink dress. Talking about her love life Sabrina said: "A lot of it, for me, has been fate. I know that’s super broad, but I don’t actively look for it.
"The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love. So yeah, it’s fun and it’s messy. I think I’m still just at this place where I’m really enjoying the newness of all of it."
Prior to his relationship with Sabrina Barry was with long-term girlfriend and mother of his baby son Brando Alyson Kierans. The couple went official in 2021 and welcomed their child in August 2022. They are then thought to have split in summer 2023.
At the time a source told The Sun that Barry's "partying caused arguments" and they had "grown apart over recent months and things have finally come to a head." Asked about the split by GQ earlier this year Barry simply said Alyson had "done a great job and she’s an incredible mother."
Sabrina has previously been linked to Olivia Rodrigo's ex Joshua Bassett as well as Shawn Mendes, Teen Wolf actor Dylan O'Brien and YouTuber David Dobrik.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.