Manage your account
Two tenants have been signed for the new strip center that just went up in front of the Sam’s Club on the northeast corner of 29th and Maize — and both will appeal to those who have a sweet tooth.
One will be a west-side location of Nothing Bundt Cakes, the bakery chain that franchisee Yolanda Hamilton brought to the Wichita market eight years ago when she opened a shop at 2035 N. Rock Road.
The other will be the city’s first Swig dirty soda shop.
Wichita is familiar with Just a Sip — the local chain that Papa’s General Store owner Derek Sorrells started last fall with shops at 8520 W. 13th St. and 2126 N. Webb Road. Swig — a chain out of St. George, Utah, that started in 2010 — has been a social media favorite since 2021, when singer Olivia Rodrigo posted a photo of herself holding a Swig cup on Instagram. Dirty sodas consist of fountain sodas spiked with things like flavored syrup, cream and fresh fruit. Fans love dreaming up their own combinations.
Bart Coon, who is the Swig franchisee for the Wichita market, said the new Swig should open in early May and will have a drive-through. It’s the first of six Swigs he’s planning to build in the Wichita market in the coming years.
Coon, who also owns Crumbl Cookies and Dave’s Hot Chicken locations in other cities, said he was happy to find out that the Wichita market was still available when he looked into franchising Swig.
“We love the Midwest, and we love Wichita,” he said.
In addition to dirty sodas, Swig also serves things like energy drinks, soft pretzel bites with dips, and cookies. The chain has more than 50 shops in states like Utah, Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Texas and Oklahoma. It has two in the Oklahoma City area and announced last summer that it was launching a big expansion. Six stores also are planned for the Kansas City area, though Coon is not the franchisee for those.
Hamilton, meanwhile, plans to have her second Nothing Bundt Cake shop open on Friday on the south end of the strip center. Her east-side shop has done brisk business, she said, and she always planned to expand to the west side.
“We had been thinking about it, but we had been waiting for the right space, and then this opportunity came up,” she said.
Nothing Bundt Cakes serves, well, nothing but bundt cakes, but they come in four different sizes and many different flavors. The smallest, called “Bundtlets,” are made for one person to enjoy. Wichita has learned that, even if they need a cake at the last minute, they can stop at the store and get a bundt cake decorated and personalized, Hamilton said.
Hamilton, who owns the store with her son, Dylan, said the west-side Nothing Bundt Cakes will be open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Mondays through Saturdays.
Dan Unruh and Curt Robertson of InSite Real Estate Group represented the landlord in both deals.
New sweet shop selling ‘extreme shakes’ and more will be open by summer at 37th and Ridge
West-side soda shop’s opening was kind of crazy. Now it’s the east side’s turn.