Photo: Getty Images
Gwen Stefani shared the story behind a photo of her husband, country megastar Blake Shelton, when she appeared on Jimmy Kimmel Live on Monday night (September 30).
The “Purple Irises” hitmaker laughed as she looked at a photo of Shelton riding a bike in Italy. Stefani exclaimed, “look how cute my husband is,” and said the family took a trip to Rome because Shelton had never been to Europe, including while touring.
“You could tell, he has the energy of like, ‘my wife told me to do this,’” Stefani said as she looked at the photo of Shelton on the bike. “He had never…been to Europe. I swear.
“I’ve been threatening him for like 9 years: ‘I’m taking you. I’m taking you. I’m taking you,’” Stefani explained. “And then it was his birthday. It was my oldest’s 18th birthday, my other’s 16th birthday. I was like, ‘we’re going.’”
Stefani said she planned the “really over the top” family vacation for about a year, and “we had so much fun.” Shelton “better” go on a trip again, she said.
Stefani and Shelton met as coaches on The Voice in 2014. They confirmed their relationship the following year, announced their engagement in 2020, and got married in July 2021 in a stunning ceremony on Shelton’s ranch in Tishomingo, Oklahoma. Shelton has embraced his role as a stepfather to Stefani’s three children, and said in a previous interview with Entertainment Tonight that the No Doubt star has changed his life “in every possible way,” and “if I could have a repeat of these past 10 years [together, that] would be perfect.”
Stefani also spoke with Kimmel about taking the stage at Coachella earlier this year with surprise guest Olivia Rodrigo, meeting Snoop Dogg on The Voice, and more. Stefani returned to the competition show as a coach this season, alongside Snoop, Michael Bublé and Reba Mcntire. Stefani also spoke about her upcoming album, Bouquet, which is set to arrive on November 15. She performed her newest single from the album, “Somebody Else’s,” when she took the stage at the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival last month. Shelton said it was “my favorite day of the year so far,” when Stefani released “Somebody Else’s.”
Watch Stefani’s full Jimmy Kimmel Live interview here: