Jools Lebron struck viral gold with her "very demure, very mindful" videos on TikTok.@joolieannie via TikTok
If you’ve been anywhere on the internet in the past week-plus, you may have noticed that suddenly, a whole lot of people want to be “very demure.”
And “very mindful.”
Or, at the very least, to say those words as part of the latest summer trend.
It all started earlier this month when Chicago’s Jools Lebron posted videos on TikTok in which she used the word “demure” to describe her workplace makeup and hair.
In the first one (see below), the subject was “how to be demure at work.”
“See how I come to work?” Lebron says in the clip, showing off her look. “Very demure. I do my makeup, I lay my wig, I do a little braid. I flat-iron my hair.”
#fyp #demure @OAKCHA @Paul | Fragrance Influencer  
She proceeds to spray a fragrance to complete the look.
“Very demure,” Lebron says. “Very mindful. Let’s not forget to be demure, divas.”
The clip has more than 7 million views.
In another video, which surged to 34 million views, Lebron picks up the theme again.
“You see how I do my makeup for work? Very demure, very mindful,” she says. “I don’t come to work with a green cut crease (a style of eyeshadow application). I don’t look like a clown when I go to work. I don’t do too much, I’m very mindful while I’m at work. See how I look very presentable? The way I came to the interview is the way I go to the job.”
“A lot of you girls go to the interview looking like Marge Simpson and go to the job looking like Patty and Selma. Not demure,” Lebron continues. “I’m very modest. I’m very mindful. You see my shirt? Only a little chichi out, not my chocho. Be mindful of why they hired you. Here’s your reality check, diva. What’s the name you’d like me to make it out to?”
#fyp #demure 
Since then, her “demure” and “mindful” sentiments have become all the rage.
People have been jumping on the trend using audio of Lebron’s voice from those videos and others, or simply reciting her words or quoting her in their posts, leading the TikTok star (1.7 million followers) to ink deals with brands like Verizon.
In a follow-up video, Lebron, who was working as a grocery store cashier when she recorded the viral clips, shared how the trend has changed her life.
“Hey, pendeja, maybe you should make the videos,” said Lebron, who is transgender. “Because one day I was playing cashier and making videos on my break and now I’m flying across country to host events and I’m going to be able to finance the rest of my transition.”
Lebron was on Monday’s episode of “Jimmy Kimmel Live” with guest host RuPaul, one of the celebrities embracing the trend.
“Apparently the trauma that comes from working a retail job gets enough to you that you start saying ‘demure’ on the internet,” she told the “Drag Race” host.
“I feel like demure is, like, a mindset,” Lebron said. “I used to be crazy and out of control and then I found some demurity, and along with that came success.” 
“Demurity?!” RuPaul exclaimed.
“Demurity is my purity,” Lebron replied. 
RuPaul deployed the trend in an Instagram post promoting Allstora, an author-centered online bookstore co-founded by the the multi-hyphenate:
“See how I’m reading this book? Very demure. I don’t dog-ear pages, I put in a bookmark. And I don’t divulge the ending to my friends. Very considerate. And also, my cell phone is on do-not-disturb. Very demure. Very mindful.”
A post shared by RuPaul (@rupaulofficial)
Other stars have been picking up Lebron’s lingo, appearing in all kinds of posts espousing their newfound devotion to being “very demure” and “very mindful.”
Here’s a selection, from Jennifer Lopez using it to promote her line of Delola cocktails to Gillian Anderson’s selfie caption; Olivia Rodrigo lip-synching a Lebron clip about “demure” hair length; “You” star Penn Badgley reporting from his last day on set; and both Lindsay Lohan and Jamie Lee Curtis on the set of their upcoming “Freaky Friday” sequel “Freakier Friday.”
A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo)
A post shared by Lindsay Lohan (@lindsaylohan)
A post shared by Netflix US (@netflix)
A post shared by Gillian Anderson (@gilliana)
Thank you for reading. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.
Amy Kuperinsky may be reached at akuperinsky@njadvancemedia.com and followed at @AmyKup.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices