Spark your child's creativity with these top 10 toy musical instruments.

													By
												

	Lilian Gonzalez


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

Gift-giving season is here, and while finding kid-friendly gifts can be challenging, the gift of music is a great place to start. If you are looking for gifts that can help spark creativity and foster a love for music, we’ve put together a list of the top 10 musical instrument toys that are sure to keep them inspired.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Whether your child is a fan of Olivia Rodrigo, Justin Bieber, Dua Lipa or Taylor Swift, these toy instruments can motivate them to explore their musical interests one note at a time, whether it’s playing the piano, trumpet, accordion or a karaoke set for young aspiring singers.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	This kid-friendly roundup of children’s instruments features a diverse array of options, including a piano, guitar, xylophone, drum sets, a mini karaoke set, accordion, tambourine and maracas. These fun selections can help empower your child to experiment with different sounds and build a foundation for an appreciation of music. This list includes options for children of all ages, so you’ll be sure to find something for everyone.

	Keep scrolling down to shop one or more of your favorite musical toys for your child this holiday season. 

		Does your kid love the piano? Consider this best-selling electronic piano keyboard. It includes 37 keys with a microphone, and it’s a great gifts for kids ages 2 to 6, according to the brand.  	

		For kids who want to channel their inner-pop star, there’s this 19-inch kids flash guitar that comes with a mic stand. This is a great way to play dress-up with your kids as well.	

		Have fun with your kids with this colorful xylophone by producing bright and melodic tones that inspire creativity and musical exploration. Plus, it comes with a music songbook with 20 songs and a blue carry case.	

		Go all out with your gift and add this exciting drum set to your child’s collection. This drum set includes a cymbal, five drums, two drumsticks and a foot pedal. 	

		If you’re looking for a mini karaoke machine for your kids, this one is cute and convenient. The set includes LED lights and magic voices, including, monster voice, female voice, baby voice, male voice and original voice, and has a handle so your kid can take it on the go.	

		Shake it off and get the party started with this three-piece tambourine and maracas set. This handheld tambourine includes five bells, so you’ll be ready to sing all the Christmas carols with your family and friends.	

		If you’re looking for an alternative kid-friendly toy drum set, you could add this toy drum set to your shopping list. This musical instrument set includes a drum, two drumsticks, bells, tambourines, a maraca and a shaker. Its compact size and portable features makes it easy to take with you wherever you go. 	

		Spice up your musical instrument collection with this playful accordion. This accordion has a range of two octaves in the key of C major. It also includes three air valve keys and seven button keys for playing. 	

		Is your toddler a fan of the PBS Kids animated series Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood? If so, this seven-piece set could be a perfect fit. The set includes a drum, two drum sticks, two maracas, a trumpet and a tambourine featuring beloved characters from the Mister Rogers’ Neighborhood spin-off series. 	

		If you’re seeking a fun and interactive drum pad for your child, consider adding this VTech Kidi Star Drum to your gift list. With 20 different drum sounds—ranging from rock and jazz to marching band and metal, it offers endless musical exploration.	

	Give the gift of music to your child and open up a world of creativity and joy. Keep in mind, exploring different instruments can spark their imagination and ignite a passion for music in the long run. Consider adding a variety of fun instruments to your gift list to add unique sounds and opportunities for learning. 

	Whether they’re jamming with friends or playing solo, these toy instruments can provide entertainment and discovery. Buy one or more of these instruments and get ready to embark on your child’s musical journey.

	For more child-centered content, check out Billboard Family.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.