The comedian has been announced as the new venue's opening act
The UK's largest indoor arena will open its doors for the first time with a headline act performed by Peter Kay.
The Bolton comedian will perform at the opening night of the new 23,500-seater Co-op Live venue in Manchester on 23 April.   
Liam Gallagher, Take That, Pearl Jam and Olivia Rodrigo are also set to separately perform at the £350m arena.
Co-op general manager Gary Roden said Kay was the "perfect" opening act who "embodies what this city is about".  
The new venue, set to open opposite Manchester City's Etihad stadium, featured a "unique bowl design" that would bring fans "closer to the artist than at other arenas of equivalent size", a spokesman for the Co-op said. 
Work began on the new venue on Etihad Campus in May 2021
The 23,500-seater arena is set to surpass the Manchester Arena and O2 Arena in size to become the UK's largest indoor arena.
Peter Kay will perform at the opening as part of his comeback tour, with tickets to go on general sale on Friday. 
"When you think of Manchester, it's hard not to think of Peter Kay," Mr Roden said. 
"To have him headlining Co-op Live is tremendously exciting. 
"We're creating an arena that is truly part of the community around it, and having Peter as our opening act is a perfect reminder of that."
Why not follow BBC North West on Facebook, external, X, external and Instagram, external? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk, external
Plans revealed for UK's largest indoor arena
Police cordon off house as counter terror officers raid property in Rochdale
Four people injured including child after two serious collisions as man arrested
Community in shock as man arrested after 3 adults and child hit by car
Fire crews tackle blaze at popular Bolton beauty spot Winter Hill
5 wellness hotels across the UK you need to visit for a relaxing getaway
'Sneaking thief' hid items in rugs to steal from Ikea in Warrington
PM Albanese hails 'vote for Australian values' after landslide election win
'Trump was the game-changer': Three things to know about the Australian election result
Fourteen children arrested over boy's fire death
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.