Taylor Swift received the honor three years ago. 

													By
												

	Paul Grein


Kylie Minogue will be presented with the Brits Global Icon award at this year’s ceremony on Saturday, March 2. Minogue, who is also nominated for international artist of the year, is confirmed to perform on the night, joining the already-announced Dua Lipa and RAYE.

	The Brits Global Icon Award is described as the highest accolade given by the Brit Awards. Taylor Swift received the honor three years ago. The award was previously called the Icon Award. Recent recipients were Elton John (2014), David Bowie (2016) and Robbie Williams (2017).

	










	“I am beyond thrilled to be honoured with the Global Icon Award and to be joining a roll call of such incredible artists,” Minogue said in a statement. “The U.K. has always been a home from home, so the Brits have a very special place in my heart. I have some amazing memories from the awards over the years and I can’t wait to be back on the Brits stage. See you at the O2!”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Minogue and Swift are competing for international artist of the year. The other nominees in that category are Asake, Burna Boy, Caroline Polachek, CMAT, Lana Del Rey, Miley Cyrus, Olivia Rodrigo and SZA.

	Minogue is also performing on the People’s Choice Awards, which will be presented at Barker Hanger in Santa Monica, Calif., on Sunday, Feb. 18. Lainey Wilson and Lenny Kravitz are also set to perform on that show.

	On Feb. 4, Minogue won her first Grammy Award in 20 years – best pop dance recording for “Padam Padam.” That song reached No. 7 on Hot Dance/Electronic Songs in June, Minogue’s highest ranking ever on that chart.

	RAYE leads this year’s nominations for the Brits with seven nods, which established a new record for the most nominations in a single year. British rappers Central Cee and J Hus tied for second place in the nominations tally with four each.

	The winners of the genre awards will be determined by a public vote exclusively through Instagram, which opened midday Feb. 1 and closes Thursday (Feb. 15) at 6 p.m. GMT. To vote, fans can either head to the Brits page on Instagram (@BRITs), and comment on the category Reel of their choice using an artist specific hashtag, or by creating a Reel and using the @BRITs tag, and the artist specific hashtag in the caption. Fans can perform each of these actions once for each artist, per category, per day, with a comment counting for one vote, creating a Reel will count for five votes.

	










	More information on voting can be found on the BRITs website.

	The BRIT Awards 2024 with Mastercard, which is the full name of the show, will be broadcast live on ITV1, STV, ITVX and STV Player from The O2 arena in London.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.