During the 66th Grammy Awards telecast on Sunday, Jon Batiste helped pay tribute to artists who died over the past year. 
As he sang during the show's "in memoriam" segment, the names of his cousin, drummer Russell Batiste Jr., and fellow New Orleans artist Jean "Mr. Big Stuff" Knight flashed on the screen at Los Angeles' Crypto.com Arena.
Other than that, he didn't get much screen time. 
Despite being nominated in the three most prestigious categories — album, record and song of the year — and two others, Batiste walked away empty-handed.
Louisiana native Lainey Wilson wins big at 2024 Grammy Awards: 'Absolutely wild, y'all'
However, the night was a triumph on a personal level for him and his wife, author Suleika Jaouad.
This time, unlike in 2022, the couple was able to experience the Grammys together.
Other New Orleans nominees fared better in the trophy count.
During the pre-telecast portion of the awards show, the Louisiana Philharmonic Orchestra won a Grammy for best regional roots music album for "Live: Orpheum Theater Nola," a collaboration with progressive Cajun band the Lost Bayou Ramblers.
In a rare Grammy tie, Buckwheat Zydeco Jr. & the Legendary Ils Sont Partis Band also was named a winner in the regional roots music category for "New Beginnings."
Also during the pre-telecast, PJ Morton — like Batiste, a St. Augustine High School graduate — won the best traditional R&B performance Grammy for "Good Morning," which features Susan Carol.
And just as the LPO was recognized in an unexpected category, New Orleans jazz trumpeter and composer Terence Blanchard won best opera recording for "Champion," which was conducted by Philadelphia Orchestra music and artistic director Nézet-Séguin. This was Blanchard's eighth Grammy.
Additionally, Lainey Wilson, a native of Baskin, a tiny farming community in the northeast corner of the state, won the Grammy for best country album for her "Bell Bottom Country."
At the 2022 Grammys in Las Vegas, Batiste was as stunned as anyone when his “We Are” won album of the year, beating out Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish and a Tony Bennett/Lady Gaga collaboration, among others.
Jon Batiste and Ann Nesby perform during the 66th Grammy Awards' "In Memoriam" segment at Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024.
That year, he ended the night with wins in five of the 11 categories in which he was nominated. He also brought the house down with his exuberant rendition of "Freedom." The next morning, he woke up to discover his career had rocketed to another level.
This time around, Batiste’s latest album, “World Music Radio,” was up against works by Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Miley Cyrus, Janelle Monae, Lana Del Rey, SZA and the female trio boygenius for album of the year. He was the only male artist nominated in the three major categories.
His "Butterfly" was up for song of the year, a songwriting award. Billie Eilish's "What Was I Made For?," from the "Barbie" soundtrack, won.
Batiste's song "Worship" was nominated for record of the year, an award for artists and producers. The Grammy went to Miley Cyrus' "Flowers." 
And his "World Music Radio" fell short in the night's final award, album of the year, to Taylor Swift's "Midnights."
Near the end of Swift's acceptance speech, cameras cut to Batiste and Jaouad, smiling and applauding at their table.
Batiste was shut out in the pre-telecast awards on Sunday, too.
His "Movement 18' (Heroes)" didn't win best jazz performance; Samara Joy's "Tight" did.
Allison Russell's "Eve Was Black" won best American roots performance, instead of Batiste's "Butterfly."
Batiste didn't take home Grammy gold this time, but he again made an impression during the CBS telecast.
The "in memoriam" segment opened with Stevie Wonder performing a virtual duet with the late Tony Bennett on “For Once In My Life.”
Wonder then broke into an uptempo Bennett number, “The Best Is Yet to Come,” which seemed incongruous for a segment about deceased artists.
Annie Lennox sang a stripped-down, raw “Nothing Compares 2 U” in honor of the late Sinead O’Connor. In a nice touch, she was accompanied by the duo Wendy & Lisa, longtime collaborators of the late Prince, who composed “Nothing Compares 2 U.”
Lenny Kravitz introduced a tribute to influential Black music executive Clarence Avant. Batiste, seated at a grand piano, caressed “Ain’t No Sunshine,” a classic by Bill Withers, one of the artists Avant assisted. Batiste moved into “Stand By Me” and an uptempo “Optimistic” with a full gospel band and vocalist Ann Nesby.
The tribute segment concluded with Fantasia and a gaggle of gold fringe-wearing dancers paying homage to Tina Turner.
Batiste didn't win any Grammys, but Sunday was a different kind of victory. In 2022, Jaouad was undergoing cancer treatments, so she had to watch her husband win his Grammys on television.
This time, with her cancer in remission, she was able to accompany Batiste to the ceremony.
Late Sunday night, Batiste shared pictures on social media of himself and Jaouad all dressed up for the Grammys.
"This night meant a lot," he wrote on X, formerly Twitter. "The blessings of divine health, divine peace, divine love, divine joy & divine freedom. WE WON."
Email Keith Spera at kspera@theadvocate.com.
Louisiana singer-songwriter Lainey Wilson won her first-ever Grammy Sunday night, taking home the gold for best country album of the year for her hit studio album, "Bell Bottom Country." 
News Tips:newstips@theadvocate.com
Other questions:subscriberservices@theadvocate.com
Need help? 
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: