We can't get enough of Pitbull!
Pitbull is extending his Party After Dark tour yet again!
Due to phenomenal demand the singer will now play three new UK dates at London's O2 and Manchester's Co-op Live arenas, plus one new Ireland date at Dublin's 3Arena.
Pitbull last took to the stage in London just last week, when he headlined the O2 Arena. This proved to be a popular show, with searches for Pitbull tickets shooting up 455 per cent on Google Trends after the concert.
This time, Mr Worldwide will be joined by an extra special guest; Shaggy will be bringing his legendary hits such as It Wasn't Me and Boombastic to the stage.
Pitbull is a man who needs no introduction; the multiple Grammy and Billboard award-winning musician has sold more than 24 million studio albums and over 100 million singles across the world to date, and is an ambassador for Latin music.
If you want to hear Pitbull's hits live along with Shaggy, keep reading for the ultimate guide to how to get Pitbull tickets.
Pitbull is gracing us with his presence four more times across the UK and Ireland in June 2025. Here's a full list of dates and venues:
General sale tickets will be released at 9am on Friday 28th February.
Be sure to have your Ticketmaster login details to hand and get online bright and early — we'd recommend at least 10 or 15 minutes before tickets go on sale to be in with the best chance of beating the Ticketmaster queue.
Bear in mind that if you can't get a ticket on the Ticketmaster website, you can always try another ticketing site like Live Nation. These sites usually have lower traffic than Ticketmaster, which means that it could be easier to get your hands on a Pitbull ticket.
If you want to take your concert experience to the next level, one of the best ways to do that is by purchasing a VIP package.
Seat Unique are offering a range of hospitality packages for the show in Co-op Manchester. Fans can get their hands on the Hideaway, Private Suite or Seat Unique suite tickets, with perks ranging from premium suites and lounge access to a private viewing platform and live entertainment in a secret nightclub.
There are also hospitality tickets available for Pitbull's Manchester show on the Ticketmaster website.
Buy Pitbull hospitality tickets at Seat Unique
The RadioTimes.com team are here to help you navigate the confusing world of pre-sales, with our guide to artist pre-sale, Mastercard pre-sale, American Express pre-sale, and O2 Priority pre-sale. 
Plus, how to get cheap London Eye tickets and how to get Eubank Jr vs Benn fight tickets.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!