Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
          Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
          
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy
Entertainment journalist Kim Serafin and sports agent Doug Eldridge discuss Taylor Swift and her recent impact on NFL ticket prices.
This year was another big year for live events, with people scooping up tickets to various concerts and sporting events, according to a newly-released report from StubHub. 
In its "2024 Year in Live Experiences" report, the ticket marketplace reported live events saw a whopping 33% increase in demand year-over-year.
While many big-names put on musical performances in 2024, StubHub said data from its cumulative global ticket sales through StubHub North America and viagogo showed Taylor Swift and a handful of others had the most fans clamoring to attend their shows this year. 
Taylor Swift performs onstage during "The Eras Tour" at Wembley Stadium in London on June 21. (Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for TAS Rights Management / Getty Images)
Swift concluded "The Eras Tour" with a trio of concerts in Vancouver over the weekend. She said it "has been the most exciting, powerful, electrifying, intense, most challenging thing I’ve ever done in my entire life," FOX Business previously reported. 
Her highly successful "Eras Tour" helped make Swift StubHub’s No. 1 global touring act for the second year in a row, according to the ticket marketplace. StubHub users also searched for her name more than any other performer on the platform in 2024. 
Swift played 116 events in 2024 through Dec. 4, according to StubHub. 
TAYLOR SWIFT'S RECORD-BREAKING ERAS TOUR ENDS WITH $2 BILLION IN TICKET SALES
The singer-songwriter’s visit to Miami marked her "best-selling stop of the year," the ticket marketplace reported. There, Swift also reportedly saw more people from other countries buy tickets than any other city where she played in the U.S. 
The New York Times reported "The Eras Tour" notched over $2 billion in ticket sales over the course of nearly two years.
Zach Bryan performs at Desert Diamond Arena in Glendale, Arizona, on Dec. 3. (John Medina/Getty Images / Getty Images)
Ticket sales for Bryan’s performances made him the second-most "in-demand" musician in 2024, according to StubHub. 
The ticket marketplace reported 85 events for Bryan through Dec. 4, the third-highest number among this year’s top "in-demand" artists. 
He has been embarking on "The Quittin’ Time Tour" this year, with his next show slated to take place Thursday in Oklahoma. 
In the StubHub report, Bryan also received the No. 8 spot on its list for the "top in-demand global experiences" for next year. That is also determined by ticket sales. 
Adele performs during her final Las Vegas residency show "Weekends with Adele" at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas on Nov. 23. (Denise Truscello/Getty Images for AD / Getty Images)
In 2024, Adele saw fans from 134 countries make ticket purchases for her residencies in Las Vegas and Munich, according to StubHub. 
The final show of her "Weekends with Adele" residency in Las Vegas took place last month. Her Munich residency spanned 10 days in the fall.
CLICK HERE TO READ MORE ON FOX BUSINESS
StubHub said the 10 shows of her Las Vegas residency "outsold her record-breaking 10 shows in Munich by more than double."
The sole artist with ticket prices higher than Adele on average was Swift, the ticket marketplace also reported.
Olivia Rodrigo performs on her "Guts World Tour" at Intuit Dome in Los Angeles on Aug. 20. (Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images / Getty Images)
Rodrigo, who has 94 events under her belt this year as of Dec. 4, ranked as the fourth top-selling artist globally for 2024, StubHub said.
The singer, known for songs like "drivers license" and "vampire," kicked off her "Guts World Tour" in February. The album that it’s focused on first came out in September of last year.
Rodrigo released a concert film about the "Guts" tour on Netflix in October. 
In last year’s edition of "Year in Live Experiences," StubHub had listed her as one of the "top global experiences" for 2024.
Morgan Wallen performs onstage during night two of his "One Night at a Time Tour" at Neyland Stadium in Knoxville, Tennessee, on Sept. 22. (John Shearer/Getty Images / Getty Images)
StubHub identified Wallen, the country music singer behind hit songs like "Last Night" and "Lies Lies Lies," as the musician that sold the fifth-highest number of tickets globally this year. 
He wrapped up his two-year "One Night at a Time Tour" in October. More than 3.1 million people attended the tour over the course of its run, according to Wallen. 
MORGAN WALLEN EXPENDS COUNTRY MUSIC EMPIRE, LAUNCHES SAND IN MY BOOTS FESTIVAL
StubHub and viagogo customers bought tickets to 38 events held by Wallen in 2024, the ticket marketplace reported. 
In the U.S., he was the fourth most-streamed artist on Spotify, behind Swift, Drake and Bryan, Spotify said last week. 
Coldplay, Eagles, The Rolling Stones, Billy Joel and U2 completed Stubhub’s ranking of the 10 most "in-demand" musical artists for the year. 
Get a brief on the top business stories of the week, plus CEO interviews, market updates, tech and money news that matters to you.
We've added you to our mailing list.
By clicking subscribe, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can opt-out at any time.
           

            Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset.
            Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. 
            Legal Statement.
        
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - New Privacy Policy