A Glastonbury fan has hit out at the 'unfair' method that was used by some festival goers to get tickets to the popular event. 30-year-old Sophie Flint was one of the unlucky few who missed out on tickets to the festival taking place in summer 2025.
Sophie says that despite spending hours online, she was unable to get tickets for her group of four. However, she claims that she was told by friends who did fair better that they were helped by the use of bots or AI.
Angered by the revelation, Sophie took to Tik Tok to voice her frustration and also ask others if they were aware about this trend. Sophie's video has been met with a flurry of comments from people either confirming that they too use AI to beat the queues or pay someone else a huge sum of money to scalp tickets for them.
READ MORE: Extra pre-sale for Peter Kay’s new tour dates announced with chance for fans to get early tickets
"At first someone said they paid someone £500 and they used bots." She told the MEN.
"It had never even crossed my mind and apparently it's an AI that gets you to the front of the queue, guaranteed.
"I was just angry then. I didn't want the video to come across as angry to Glastonbury but I think this system this year is a new one so people might be finding a way around it but I hate it."
Sophie, from Manchester, went to Glastonbury last year and was hoping to go again after thoroughly enjoying her time. She now says that her best bet is getting some resale tickets.
She said: "We can't be angry at the people who are doing it because the opportunity is there.
"I don't think it's fair. I don't blame the people for doing it, if you've got £1k to spend on a ticket then go for it, but I don't think it's fair.
"There's so many genuine people, people who have never been. I've emailed Glastonbury myself to say this is what I've heard and it's down to them to look into it."
Last week Glastonbury organisers issued a warning to anyone who attempted to buy tickets for this year's festival. Bosses stated that people who used multiple devices or logged into the site on multiple tabs on one device would lose their place in the queue.
This year, the festival made a significant change to the way tickets are bought by introducing a queue system. In the past, people have had to refresh a holding page to try and get through to the booking page, but this year it was replaced with a queue which showed the customers progress before eventually taking them to the booking page automatically.
According to Glastonbury's website, anyone who was on the ticket website before the sale started was randomly allocated a place in the queue, while anyone who attempted to get on the page after the sale started was placed at the back of the queue.
Thousands of fans were left devastated after failing to secure the second batch of tickets for Glastonbury Festival 2025 on Sunday (November 17).
The huge music event, which takes place at Worthy Farm in Somerset, returns next year from 25-29 June, 2025. Artists set to take to the stage during the festival have yet to be announced - but rumours have so far included the likes of Olivia Rodrigo and Harry Styles, amongst others.
Earlier this year, more than 200,000 people attended the festival as acts including Shania Twain, Cyndi Lauper, SZA, Dua Lipa and Coldplay all took to the stage.
Glastonbury Festival has been approached for comment.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.