Cast her in a Frozen sequel ASAP
With reports of the first snow flurry of the season rumoured to fall this week across the UK, there's no doubting it now: we're officially well into winter. Not that my cold toes and blue fingertips would disagree... Brr, it's cold out there! 
While we've been bundling up in our winter coats and layering fleece-lined tights under our jeans for weeks, our favourite celebs haven't let a little thing like the forecast get in the way of a revealing look or two. Yep, naked dressing reigns supreme amongst the likes of Jennifer Lopez in a plunging turquoise sequin dress, Olivia Rodrigo serving Y2K with an exposed thong and Katy Perry's totally backless, butt-crack-baring ensemble.
However, one A-lister who did get the glacial update was none other than Elle Fanning who served Ice Queen realness when she attended the 2024 Governors Awards in Hollywood last night [Sunday 17 November]. 
Arriving alongside Jennifer Lawrence, Selena Gomez, Nicole Kidman, Demi Moore and Paul Mescal, the 26-year-old actress stepped onto the red carpet looking stunning in an ice blue dress from Valentino's SS25 ready-to-wear collection. The long-sleeved wrap design featured a plunging neckline and floaty silhouette constructed from totally see-through fabric. Sparkly beaded embellishment in a dripping floral motif and feather trims at the cuffs and hem added an extra dose of drama. A coordinating cape with further glittery decoration and fuzzy detailing knotted at her neck elevated the entire ensemble. Frozen's Elsa could never.
Adding extra bling, Elle wore two diamond cocktail rings alongside Cartier's ‘Mandragore’ necklace – a green beaded and diamond style with two jaw-dropping pear-shaped green beryl pendants totalling 79.38 carats. Her blonde shoulder-length hair was styled in a bouncy blow dry and she kept her beauty look natural. 
Fans were loving the look, flooding the comments on a post shared by Elle's longtime stylist Samantha McMillen to write:
We couldn't agree more. Winter dressing's not so bad when you can channel a Disney princess.
Follow Alex on Instagram.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
Julia Fox’s frilly knickers have bum-crack cut-out
The most revealing Met Gala naked dresses *ever*
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley is selling her wardrobe
Flo Pugh's sheer strapless gown = style switch-up
Sydney Sweeney's tiny ruffle nude corset dress =🔥
Blake Lively's corset gown = Old Hollywood glamour
Shopping Sydney Sweeney’s stripe bikini & trousers
Flo Pugh's black lace ballgown is *SO* see-through
A deep dive into Lola Young's style transformation
Shop Olivia Rodrigo's stunning Rixo dress
Maya serves sexy underboob in bikini beach snaps
Zendaya's naked dress has a huuuge thigh split
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.