It’s your last chance to see Olivia Rodrigo in the States this year. See her live at the Intuit Dome in Inglewood tonight, and get tickets to her upcoming “GUTS” performances in Singapore this October.
Compare ticket prices on Vivid Seats, SeatGeek, StubHub, and Ticketmaster.
Olivia Rodrigo performs at Little Caesars Arena in Detroit on Saturday, March 23, 2024. Rebecca Villagracia | MLive.com
The North American leg of Olivia Rodrigo’s “Guts World Tour” wraps up tonight, Wednesday, August 21, at the Intuit Dome in Inglewood, California. Next up for the Grammy-winning pop star is two consecutive nights in Singapore. The tour is scheduled to play the Singapore Indoor Stadium on Tuesday, October 1 and Wednesday, October 2. 
Get tickets to hear songs like “Vampire,” from her latest albums, “GUTS” and “GUTS (spilled),” as well as earlier Olivia Rodrigo favorites like “Good 4 U,” “Drivers License.
Shop Olivia Rodrigo tickets here: Vivid Seats | SeatGeek | StubHub | Ticketmaster
Tues, Aug 20 & Wed, Aug 21 — Intuit Dome; Inglewood, CA
Tues, Oct 1 & Wed, Oct 2 — Singapore Indoor Stadium; Singapore, SG
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices