A brand new £365 venue in Manchester is opening this week and hopes to snatch major events from London to the north. The Co-op Live venue will be the biggest indoor arena in the UK - and has high profile backers including Harry Styles who helped in its design.
Set next to Manchester United’s stadium, it has a capacity of 23,500 and has already secured MTV Europe Music Awards, which will take place there in November.
Olivia Rodrigo, Take That, Eric Clapton and Liam Gallagher are also lined up for performances there as well as the Eagles, who will be playing their UK dates of their farewell tour there. It also hopes to attract sporting events from the capital.
Co-op Live has been built by City Football Group and Oakview Music Group which was co-founded by US-based Irving Azoff - the former CEO of Ticketmaster. Other backers including promoters SJM and Gaiety.
  READ MORE:    Peter Kay's early TV blunder unearthed: 'I spent hours doing that!'  
After a test event today (Saturday, April 10) it will be officially opened by comedian Peter Kay on Tuesday.
Co-op Live executive director and general manager Gary Roden said: "There's no reason why the Brits can't come up north," reports The BBC.
He revealed that Styles’ suggestion was that there were no advertising hoardings inside the venue. There is also a gym for performers backstage.
Roden said: "It's all very much focused around the artists having the best experience, and that costs us money, not to have advertising in here.
“But that's a decision that we've made in order to maximise the connection between artist and fan."
  Don't miss...     MTV EMAs cancelled as celebrities drop out in response to Israel-Gaza conflict  [LATEST]     Make-up free Selena Gomez shows natural beauty while leaving hotel after VMAs  [REPORT]     Caprice speaks out as 'toxic' Russell Brand interview resurfaces  [REVEALED] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The venue has 32 bars, restaurants and clubs on multiple levels which sets it apart from other venues - although its aim isn’t to compete with Manchester Arena, currently known as the AO Arena which has just undergone a big renovation.
Roden added: "If we focus on bringing more to Manchester, then we'll be fine.”
The Co-op Live website explains more about the venue.
It said: “As the UK’s only music-first arena, Co-op Live will boast the largest floor space of any indoor venue, a significantly lower ceiling, and tiered seating that brings fans closer to the artist.
“Cutting edge visual technology, exceptional acoustics and innovative sound bowl design mean the best show possible whether standing or seated, in a space designed to welcome the biggest and most exciting global artists.”
Harry Styles said: “I’m incredibly proud and excited to be partnering with OVG on their plans for Co-op Live.
“Manchester is an incredible city, filled with incredible people, and I couldn’t be happier being involved in this project. It very much feels like coming home.
“I was drawn to this project on every level, from the opportunities it brings, to the contribution it will make to the city, and most importantly, that it will allow even more live music to thrive in Manchester. It's just another sign that this amazing city continues to grow.”
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated