Taylor Swift will perform in Liverpool from June 7-9.Getty Images for TAS Rights Management
After seeing how cheap Taylor Swift tickets are in Scotland, that was “The Moment I Knew” I needed to go.
Swift will head to Edinburgh, Scotland to perform at the Scottish Gas Murrayfield stadium on June 7-9, and Swifties should get excited about how cheap tickets are.
The fact that tickets are under $300 — which was dirt cheap compared to many of the upcoming U.S. shows — means that they are most likely going to sell out fast.
Here’s everything you need to know to see Taylor Swift live on her international tour.
Throughout the “Eras Tour,” the cheapest last-minute tickets for Swift’s 2024 concerts have been on StubHub and Vivid Seats.
As of now, the cheapest ticket for Swift’s June 7 “Eras Tour” concert in Edinburgh is $230 on Vivid Seats, with tickets being listed as high as $6,784.
For her June 8 show, the cheapest ticket at the time of publication is $228 on Vivid Seats, with other tickets being listed as high as $7,298.
Finally, for Swift’s June 9 show, the cheapest ticket we could find is $288 on Vivid Seats, before fees. Other tickets were listed as high as $4,242.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Fans also should check out other secondary sites to snag last-minute tickets, like TicketCity and SeatGeek.
Taylor Swift will perform 84 shows throughout the second leg of her “Eras Tour.”
Her next shows will be in Liverpool, England from June 13-15. Tickets are available on several secondary market sites, like StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
A complete list of Swift’s tour dates is available here.
Taylor Swift is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Morgan Wallen, Melanie Martinez, Olivia Rodrigo and Justin Timberlake.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices