E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition
Just a month shy of the two-year anniversary of her first Detroit performance, Olivia Rodrigo was back — and bigger.
She played Saturday night, March 23, to a sold-out Little Caesars Arena, just around the corner from the Masonic Temple, site of her 2022 debut. That show had the discovery charm of a new arrival, filled with a kind of fresh, feeling-her-way exuberance that nodded towards more to come.
And, boy, has it.
Rodrigo’s Guts World Tour stop showed that the 21-year-old singer and songwriter has comfortably ascended in the ranks of pop divadom. She’s now two No. 1 albums, eight Top 20 hits and three Grammy Awards into a career that still feels like it’s in its lift-off stages. And most importantly it all feels credible, the product of talent more than (or at least as much as) hype and of a sincere kind of connection through songs that balance angst with hubris and a degree of humor — a sophisticated blend for a performer of any age.
More than anything else Rodrigo is a rocker at heart and stayed true to that on Saturday, as she and her seven-member, all-female band roared through the likes of “Bad Idea Right?,” “Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl,” “Vampire,” “Traitor,” “Brutal,” “Obsessed,” “All American Bitch” and more in a manner that was more Pat Benatar as it was, say, Katy Perry. She executed the all the requisite rock poses and facial expressions, tongue hanging out at various points. She pressed some fan flesh from inside the barricade during “Jealousy Jealousy” and finished the newly released “Obsessed” flailing on a guitar and smacking cymbals on the drum kit with her band members.
But throughout the 100-minute, 23-song show — which had her sparkly attired fans singing along, loudly, to just about every word — Rodrigo easily straddled the rock-pop divide, embracing the glitzy trappings that come with the territory she’s inhabiting without sacrificing too many of the raw edges. It’s something others — Avril Lavigne, for instance — have tried to pull off before, but Rodrigo is nailing it with greater confidence, consistency and authenticity..
So there was plenty of show to go around on Saturday — five costume changes, a massive, stage-length video screen, two ramps that took Rodrigo and company into the general admission section of the arena floor, and a crescent moon that flew Rodrigo around the arena for two songs — “Logical” and “Enough For You,” and from which she wished sign-holding fan Carly a happy 15th birthday.
There were dancers, too — eight of ’em — but Rodrigo used them judiciously; they didn’t come out until the fourth song and only appeared during a half-dozen throughout the night.
She stripped things down for some genuinely intimate moments as well. Rodrigo, who visited the Motown Museum earlier in the day, played “Drivers License” and “Teenage Dream” on grand piano from a raised platform at center stage. She sang her “The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes” song “Can’t Catch Me Now with just four band members — a guitarist and three singers — while she and guitarist Daisy Spencer sat cross-legged at the end of one of the ramps for acoustic renditions of “Happier” and “Favorite Crime.”
The night finished with a revved up “Get Him Back!,” Rodrigo singing the first verse through a bullhorn and confetti filling the arena air; she finished back in the barricade, singing autographs and posting for selfies on her way out. It was a step forward — and then some — from the last time we saw her but still offered the sense that there’s yet more to come, and we’ll be happy to be there to see it.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group