By CHRISTINE RENDON and CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:56, 10 June 2024   |  Updated:  16:06, 10 June 2024   
 38
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter marked Pride Month in musical fashion as she hit the Governors Ball stage in New York City on Saturday. 
As she performed her hit track Nonsense, the songstress, 25, changed the outro lyrics to send a message of support to the LGBTQ+ community. 
'Do I text him back, it’s such a tough call ,' she began. 'That won’t fit inside me, bro I’m dumb small. People who hate Pride, can suck my Gov Ball,' she said to massive cheers.
'Happy Pride New York!' the singer, who has rewritten the Nonsense outro at previous concerts, added.
Sabrina brought the glitz and glamour as she performed at the 2024 Governors Ball in New York City.
QUEEN!🥰😍🏳️‍🌈🥳🤓 @Sabrina Carpenter 🎥 @Respective Collective 
Sabrina Carpenter celebrated Pride Month as she hit the stage at the Governors Ball on Saturday in New York City
The Espresso hitmaker paraded around the stage in a jeweled corset minidress that showed off her killer figure.
The frock had an adorable heart-shaped cutout on the chest and a sheer lace skirt with ruching up the sides.
Giving her petite 4foot11inch frame a boost, Sabrina belted out her hits in a pair of sky-high white platforms.
Adding even more sparkle to her stage look, the heels of the Disney Channel alum's shoes were decked out with rhinestones.
Sabrina's bouncy blonde curls flowed down her back and she went with her go-to bronzed glam makeup for the night.
She sang into a bedazzled microphone that had a red heart on it.
She was joined by a slew of backup dancers, who were clad in stylish white outfits.
The blonde beauty oozed confidence as she delivered her jam-packed setlist.
As she performed her hit track Nonsense, the songstress, 25, changed the lyrics to send a message of support to the LGBTQ + community
'People who hate Pride, can suck my Gov Ball,' she said to massive cheers
Sabrina brought the glitz and glamour on Saturday night as she performed at the 2024 Governors Ball in New York City
The Espresso hitmaker, 25, paraded around the stage in a bedazzled corset minidress that showed off her killer figure
Giving her petite 4foot11inch frame a boost, Sabrina belted out her hits in a pair of sky-high white platforms
Sabrina's festival appearance comes just days after the release of the music video for her new single Please Please Please starring her boyfriend Barry Keoghan, 31.
The couple play an ultra sexy Bonnie and Clyde duo as Sabrina finds herself mixed up in her new man's life of crime — which includes bloody mob boss standoffs and armed bank robberies.
The song is about falling in love with a bad boy, who Sabrina hopes won't 'bring me to tears when I just did my makeup so nice.'
Putting their real-life chemistry on full display, the couple — who have been linked since late 2023 — didn't hold back when it came to on-camera PDA.
And fans couldn't contain their excitement over the 'iconic hard launch', with one penning: 'The hottest couple ever'
Sabrina's frock had an adorable heart-shaped cutout on the chest and a sheer lace skirt with ruching up the sides
She sang into a bedazzled microphone that had a red heart on it
Sabrina's bouncy blonde curls flowed down her back and she went with her go-to bronzed glam makeup for the night
She was joined by a slew of backup dancers, who were clad in stylish white outfits
Sabrina oozed confidence as she delivered her jam-packed setlist
Sabrina's festival appearance comes just days after the release of the music video for her new single Please Please Please starring her boyfriend Barry Keoghan, 31
'The hard launch no one saw coming but everyone wanted';
'Name a more iconic duo'; 'Sabrina I'm on the floor';
'Both look hot af'; 'I'm freaking out they look so good'
Barry also commented underneath Sabrina's post, saying: 'Gorgeous'
In the video, Barry nuzzles his face in Sabrina's cleavage in one steamy scene while another shows the blonde beauty duct-taping his mouth before planting a kiss on him.
The video features Quentin Tarantino-esque cinematography and Sabrina offers fans plenty of style inspiration in glittering, fur-trimmed looks worthy of a Y2K pop queen.
Sabrina recently opened up about her 'fun' and 'messy' love life as she gave rare insight into her romance with Barry.
The singer and Dunkirk actor were first linked in September 2023, but made their red carpet debut at the Met Gala.
Sabrina has now said she 'really connects with people who are in touch with their emotions' as she discussed her romance with Cosmopolitan magazine.
When it comes to dating, Sabrina said: 'A lot of it, for me, has been fate. I know that's super broad, but I don't actively look for it.
The couple play an ultra sexy Bonnie and Clyde duo as Sabrina finds herself mixed up in her new man's life of crime — which includes bloody mob boss standoffs and armed bank robberies
The song is about falling in love with a bad boy, who Sabrina hopes won't 'bring me to tears when I just did my makeup so nice' 
Keoghan couldn't help but gush over his girlfriend's beauty after the video's release 
'The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love. So yeah, it's fun and it's messy.'
The songstress revealed she is 'attracted' to someone who becomes her 'best friend' and can bring a lot of 'energy and humour' to a relationship.
Discussing her type, Sabrina added: 'I'm super attracted to a lot of the things I look for in friends because I want to be with someone who's going to be one of my best friends. So a lot of it is energy and humour and being genuine. I will say I've always connected more with people who are really in touch with their emotions.'
Sabrina was first linked to Barry last September but they didn't make their first public appearance together until the December.
In February, the couple confirmed their romance as they posed at a Grammys afterparty together after posing separately next to each other on the red carpet.
Last month, Barry threw Sabrina a lavish 25th birthday party complete with an hilarious meme birthday cake of Leonardo DiCaprio.
The singer enjoyed a party with 100 of her friends thrown by the Saltburn actor at DUMBO House in Brooklyn.
Barry has also supported Sabrina at a number of her gigs including her first at Coachella music festival.
Barry was previously in a relationship with Alyson Kierans, who he welcomed a son with called Brando in August 2022. The pair are thought to have broken up over the summer of last year.
And fans couldn't contain their excitement over the 'iconic hard launch', with one penning: 'The hottest couple ever'
It comes after Sabrina opened up about her 'fun' and 'messy' love life as she gave an insight into her romance with Barry (pictured at the Met Gala in May)
When Barry was asked about the split in GQ early this year, he said only that Alyson had 'done a great job and she’s an incredible mother.'
Sabrina, meanwhile, saw her dating life become a hot topic during the summer of 2020, when she was rumoured to be in a love triangle with Joshua Bassett and his High School Musical: The Musical: The Series co-star Olivia Rodrigo.
The following year, Olivia poured fuel on the fire by releasing her runaway smash hit single Driver's License, which was widely thought to be about Joshua and Sabrina.
'And you're probably with that blonde girl, who always made me doubt. She's so much older than me,' sang Olivia, who is nearly four years younger than Sabrina.
In the interim, Sabrina has at various stages been linked to such names as pop act Shawn Mendes, Teen Wolf actor Dylan O'Brien and YouTuber David Dobrik.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group