By JONATHAN CHADWICK FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  16:02, 4 December 2024   |  Updated:  16:16, 4 December 2024   
 30
View  comments
After feverish anticipation from fans, Spotify Wrapped is finally here, giving you a look at your most-listened-to music of 2024. 
Spotify's annual Wrapped feature reveals the songs and artists you've played the most over the year – regardless of whether they're cool or cringey. 
The viral marketing campaign presents each user's listening habits – including favourite songs and artists – as a slick slideshow lasting a few minutes. 
However, users have slammed Spotify Wrapped for being ‘boring’ and 'ugly' this year, while another angry commentator has complained that it ‘stinks of AI’. 
On X (Twitter), one user posted: 'spotify making us wait all that time and wrapped has the most boring visuals and slideshow in years.' 
Another posted: '#SpotifyWrapped is lame this year and stinks of AI all over it and its ugly design.' 
They continued: 'Literally only top artists, tracks and minutes listened. 
'No fun playlists, no interesting niche facts. Unless it's better when it drops in the app, this was not worth waiting for.' 
After feverish anticipation from fans, Spotify Wrapped is finally here, giving you a look at your most-listened-to music of 2024. But users have slammed the experience this year as ‘boring’ and 'ugly'
Users have slammed Spotify Wrapped for being ‘boring’ and 'ugly' this year, while another angry commentator has complained that it ‘stinks of AI’
A third user posted: 'Spotify Wrapped 2024 was like You listened to music this year here's a generic fact about your top song. 
'We were expecting a deep dive into our musical soul not a shallow splash in the kiddie pool.'
And a fourth posted: 'spotify wrapped flopped this year so bad like where are the music cities, the playlists, the top genres or the listening auras... all that wait for WHAT #SpotifyWrapped2024.'
Spotify users can start the Wrapped slideshow simply by going to the app's homepage and tapping 'Your Wrapped'.  
This year's experience also has several extra AI-powered features, including AI DJ, an AI DJ that presents a personalized radio-style highlights show of your top picks.
There's also a 'Wrapped AI podcast', a brand new feature powered by Google’s NotebookLM tool where two AI hosts present your Wrapped results. 
Meanwhile, with a little help from AI, Premium users are able to created personalised playlists using their Wrapped data for the first time. 
Spotify has been transparent about using AI for these special Wrapped features, although it's unclear whether it's used AI for the basic slideshow.
This fan wasn't impressed by the slideshow and visuals, calling it the most boring in years. Wrapped has been going since 2016
Another user said: ''We were expecting a deep dive into our musical soul not a shallow splash in the kiddie pool' 
The Spotify Wrapped slideshow presents metrics such as total listening time, top five songs, top five artists and how many artists listened to
Another said: 'spotify wrapped flopped this year so bad like where are the music cities, the playlists, the top genres or the listening auras... all that wait for WHAT #SpotifyWrapped2024'
MailOnline has contacted the Swedish streaming giant for comment. 
This year, the Spotify Wrapped slideshow presents metrics such as total listening time, top five songs, top five artists and how many artists listened to. 
As well as revealing data personal to each user, Spotify Wrapped announces the most streamed musician across its global userbase of more than 640 million users – and this year's winner is little surprise. 
With more than 26.6 billion streams globally, Taylor Swift is Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist for the second year in a row, followed by The Weeknd, Bad Bunny, Drake and Billie Eilish. 
Swift's latest album 'The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology' was also the most-streamed album of 2024 globally, followed by 'Hit Me Hard and Soft' by Billie Eilish. 
However, neither Beyonce or her critically-lauded album Cowboy Carter feature anywhere in the top 10 list, showing a shock decline in her streaming popularity.
Looking at the UK specifically, Taylor Swift is also the most-streamed artist of 2024, followed by Drake, Kanye West, Billie Eilish and The Weeknd. 
Likewise, Swift's 'The Tortured Poets Department: The Anthology' is the most-streamed album in the UK, followed by 'Short n’ Sweet' by former teen actor and Disney star Sabrina Carpenter. 
Taylor Swift, 34, (L) was named Spotify’s 2024 Global Top Artist for the second year in a row, while Beyoncé, 43, (R) failed to crack any of the top ten lists this year
Leading up to today's reveal, Spotify posted a teaser animation of beads from friendship bracelets – interpreted as a reference to the results.
Swapping friendship bracelets has become something of a trend among Swift fans ('Swifties') at the singer's concerts. 
Spotify Wrapped is released a different day every year, which keeps fans guessing and ultimately builds up hype on social media. 
Its release around the start of early December each year has correlated with a boost to Spotify's app store ranking, so the Swedish streaming giant makes a big effort to add to the hype beforehand. 
Spotify Wrapped tracks users' listening habits from the beginning of January to the end of October or sometime in November, meaning the last few weeks of the year are omitted.
Therefore, Wrapped doesn't actually represent a whole year's worth of stats, despite being touted as the 'story of your year'. 
It also means that you can listen to embarrassing artists to your heart's content in December, safe in the knowledge that it won't affect your Wrapped results. 
 ARTISTS
 ALBUMS

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.



      The country that has cut asylum claims by 90% by banning the burkha and refusing benefits to migrants who don't learn their language, revealed by SUE REID
    

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group