Name:


                    Street Address:


« Back | Forward »


« Back


« Back | Forward »

Some weeks the Nashville subreddit has a steady stream of visitors asking locals to share the city’s “hidden gems.”
Three enterprising young lads presented themselves at our front door recently offering a fee-for-service transaction. They proposed to remove the snow that had accumulated on our walkway, and perhaps also the snow on our front sidewalk, for a mutually acceptable price. To be determined.
There is a new kid in town in the residential real estate market, and this new arrival is going to require some ’splainin,’ as Ricky Ricardo might have said.

more events »
Top Davidson County commercial real estate sales for 2023, as compiled by the Nashville Ledger.
For the first time since before the franchise moved to Tennessee, the Titans are going in a completely different direction with a head coach replacement.
There should be no member of the Tennessee Titans happier with the Brian Callahan hire than quarterback Will Levis.
There were plenty of entertaining games in the Divisional Round of the NFL Playoffs last weekend, and coincidentally, the Nos. 1 and 3 seeds survived in both conferences.
With about six weeks remaining before the NHL’s March 8 trade deadline, the Predators will need to decide if they are sellers – again – or buyers with an eye toward a playoff run.
In Nashville’s 3-2 Jan. 20 loss in Arizona against the Coyotes, Predators captain Roman Josi scored one of Nashville’s two goals. The goal was the defenseman’s ninth of the season, but more notably, it was the 167th of his career. That goal moved Josi past Shea Weber for most goals scored by a Predators blueliner and into third place in franchise history for goals scored.
Three games remain for the Predators before their combination All-Star break and bye week will see them not play another game until Feb. 10.
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) — Alexandre Carrier and Filip Forsberg scored 35 seconds apart to open a three-goal third period, Juuse Saros made 22 saves and the Nashville Predators came back to beat the Minnesota Wild 3-2 on Thursday night.
Polsinelli has welcomed Richard Miltimore as a shareholder in the firm’s growing Nashville office and to the real estate & financial services department.
Gov. Bill Lee will deliver his sixth State of the State address to the General Assembly and fellow Tennesseans Monday, Feb. 5 at 6 p.m. CST. The joint session will take place in the House Chamber of the Tennessee State Capitol.
CES provides an annual insight into where and how cutting-edge innovations will reshape how people work, study, communicate and, in many cases, how they’ll drive. This year CES saw a number of automakers present concept vehicles that seem both years into the future and on the very cusp of production.
A couple of years ago, I wrote a column about how to have a retirement worth saving for. It ended with a quote from personal finance educator Barbara O’Neill, who reflected on how the pandemic disrupted many retirees’ plans.
Employees are switching jobs, sticking with the same employer for a shorter time than their parents or grandparents.
For some, the new tax season might serve as a stressful reminder of past taxes that have yet to be filed and paid.
The attorneys general of Tennessee and Virginia filed a lawsuit against the NCAA on Wednesday, a day after the University of Tennessee's chancellor ripped the association for investigating the school for potential recruiting violations related to name, image and likeness compensation rules.
NASHVILLE (AP) — A Tennessee jury has convicted six anti-abortion protesters of violating federal laws after they blocked the entrance of a reproductive clinic outside Nashville nearly three years ago.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The e-commerce giant eBay will pay $59 million in a settlement with the Justice Department over thousands of pill press machines sold on the the platform.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Hunter Biden again asked a judge to dismiss the federal gun case against him on Tuesday, arguing it is politically motivated and key evidence was tested after charges were filed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — As he looks past the GOP primary and toward a likely general election rematch against President Joe Biden, Donald Trump is meeting with members of the Teamsters Union in Washington on Wednesday as he tries to cut into Biden's organized labor support.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden will visit the eastern Ohio community that was devastated by a fiery train derailment in February 2023 that displaced thousands of residents and left many fearing potential health effects from the toxic chemicals that spilled when a Norfolk Southern train went off the tracks.
Biogen will stop developing its Alzheimer's treatment Aduhelm, a drug once seen as a potential blockbuster before stumbling soon after its launch a couple years ago.
Universal Music Group, which represents artists including Taylor Swift, Drake, Adele, Bad Bunny and Billie Eilish, says that it will no longer allow its music on TikTok now that a licensing deal between the two parties has expired.
Sexual predators. Addictive features. Suicide and eating disorders. Unrealistic beauty standards. Bullying. These are just some of the issues young people are dealing with on social media — and children's advocates and lawmakers say companies are not doing enough to protect them.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Pay and benefits for America's workers grew in the final three months of last year at the slowest pace in two and a half years, a trend that could affect the Federal Reserve's decision about when to begin cutting interest rates.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve indicated Wednesday that it's nearing a long-awaited shift toward cutting interest rates, a sign that its officials have grown confident that they're close to fully taming inflation. But the Fed also signaled that the first rate cut is likely months away.
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico's economy barely eked out a 0.1% increase in the fourth quarter, bringing estimated growth for 2023 to 3.1%, according to preliminary figures published Tuesday by Mexico's National Statistics Institute.
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street fell to its worst loss in since September after Big Tech stocks got burned by the downside of high expectations and the Federal Reserve indicated cuts to interest rates likely aren't imminent. 
NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart plans to build or convert more than 150 stores in the next five years, while continuing to remodel existing stores.
Boeing narrowed its fourth-quarter loss to $30 million and increased production of its best-selling plane just before one of them suffered a blowout of a side panel during a flight, an accident that has raised new safety concerns about the aircraft manufacturer.
LONDON (AP) — H&M's top executive unexpectedly stepped down Wednesday and the company's stock plunged as the fashion giant reported a drop in sales over the holiday shopping season.
BANGKOK (AP) — A Hong Kong court's order to liquidate China Evergrande, the world's most heavily indebted real estate developer, is only a tentative step toward resolving a debt crisis that is haunting financial markets and dragging on the Chinese economy.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Samsung Electronics on Wednesday reported an annual 34% decline in operating profit for the last quarter as sluggish demands for its TVs and other consumer electronics products offset hard-won gains from a slowly recovering computer chip market.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Microsoft Corp. said Tuesday that its profit for the October-December quarter soared 33%, powered by its significant investments in artificial intelligence technology. The company said that increase largely reflected growth in its cloud-computing unit, where Microsoft focuses most of its AI investments.
Starbucks reported record revenue in its fiscal first quarter but lowered its sales outlook for the rest of the year as spending weakens in China and other markets.
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Google's corporate parent returned to double-digit revenue growth during last year's final quarter, signaling the internet powerhouse has regained its footing even as it grapples with regulatory and competitive threats to its digital empire.
WASHINGTON (AP) — With time slipping to bolster Ukraine's defenses, Senate negotiators struggled Wednesday to finalize a bipartisan deal that would pair policy changes at the U.S. southern border with wartime aid for Kyiv as their carefully negotiated compromise ran into strong resistance from House Republicans and Donald Trump.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A brutal conflict in Europe was fresh in people's minds and the race for the White House turned ugly as talk of secret societies and corruption roiled the United States.
WASHINGTON (AP) — U.S. officials said Wednesday they disrupted a Chinese-backed effort to plant malware that could damage civilian infrastructure, as the head of the FBI warned that Beijing is positioning itself to disrupt the daily lives of Americans if the United States and China ever go to war.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans voted along party lines early Wednesday to move toward impeaching Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas for a "willful and systematic" refusal to enforce immigration laws as border security becomes a top 2024 election issue.
Chancellor Donde Plowman told the NCAA president that allegations Tennessee violated rules overseeing name, image and likeness are "factually untrue and procedurally flawed," according to a letter released Tuesday by the university.
OTTAWA, Ontario (AP) — Claude Giroux scored 3:36 into overtime, and the Ottawa Senators rallied from three goals down to beat the Nashville Predators 4-3 on Monday night.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Attorney General Merrick Garland will undergo back surgery this weekend and delegate his duties to the deputy attorney general during the procedure, the Justice Department said Monday.
CHICAGO (AP) — Illinois' election board on Tuesday kept former President Donald Trump on the state's primary ballot, a week before the U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments on whether the Republican's role in the Jan. 6, 2021, attack on the U.S. Capitol disqualifies him from the presidency.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden will spend Tuesday raising money in Florida, a onetime swing state that has since become a Republican stronghold and the home turf of Republican front-runner Donald Trump.
DETROIT (AP) — General Motors' net income rose 12% last year despite losing more than $1 billion when many of its plants were shut down by a six-week autoworkers' strike. The company also announced that it will bring back some plug-in gas-electric hybrids as electric vehicle sales growth slows.
TOKYO (AP) — Japanese transport officials raided a Toyota-affiliated plant Tuesday after the company admitted to cheating on engine testing, as Toyota Motor Corp. reported it sold over 11 million vehicles in 2023 to retain its status as the world's top car manufacturer.
LONDON (AP) — Italian regulators said they told OpenAI that its ChatGPT artificial intelligence chatbot has violated European Union's stringent data privacy rules.
LONDON (AP) — Elon Musk's social media platform X has restored searches for Taylor Swift after temporarily blocking users from seeing some results as pornographic deepfake images of the singer circulated online.
LONDON (AP) — HSBC, Europe's biggest bank, has been fined 57.4 million pounds ($72.8 million) for failing to adequately protect customer deposits in the event that the bank collapsed, U.K. regulators said Tuesday.
STAVANGER, Norway (AP) — The manager of the world's largest sovereign wealth fund pledged Tuesday to push major oil and gas companies to speed up preparations for the "inescapable" transition away from planet-warming fossil fuels while also twisting arms in U.S. boardrooms to take control of executive pay.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Saudi Arabia's oil giant Saudi Aramco said Tuesday it will not try to increase its maximum daily oil production to 13 million barrels a day after receiving an order from the country's Energy Ministry.
American consumers, fresh off strong holiday spending, are feeling more confident than they have in two years.
WASHINGTON (AP) — America's employers posted 9 million job openings in December, an increase from November and another sign that the U.S. job market remains resilient despite the headwind of higher interest rates.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The International Monetary Fund has upgraded its outlook for the world economy this year, envisioning resilient growth led by the United States and a slower pace of inflation.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Europe's economy failed to expand at the end of 2023, with the stagnation now lasting for more than a year amid higher energy prices, costlier credit and lagging growth in powerhouse Germany.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks drifted through a quiet day and held near their record heights following a mixed set of profit reports. 
Pfizer turned in a better-than-expected fourth quarter, boosted by products outside the drugmaker's slumping COVID-19 vaccine and treatment.
UPS slid before the opening bell Tuesday as the package delivery company announced that it's eliminating approximately 12,000 jobs and looking at strategic options for its Coyote truck load brokerage business.
BANGKOK (AP) — A Hong Kong court's order to liquidate China Evergrande, the world's most heavily indebted real estate developer, is only a tentative step toward resolving a debt crisis that is haunting financial markets and dragging on the Chinese economy.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden on Tuesday indicated he had decided how to respond after the killing of three American service members Sunday in a drone attack in Jordan that his administration has pinned on Iran-backed militia groups, saying he does not want to expand the war in the Middle East but demurring on specifics.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans are preparing to take a key vote Tuesday toward impeaching Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas over what they call his "willful and systematic" refusal to enforce immigration laws as border security becomes a top 2024 election issue.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A former contractor for the Internal Revenue Service who pleaded guilty to leaking tax information to news outlets about former President Donald Trump and thousands of the country's wealthiest people was sentenced to five years in prison Monday.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court should declare that Donald Trump is ineligible to be president again because he spearheaded the violent attack on the U.S. Capitol in an effort to overturn his 2020 election loss, lawyers leading the fight to keep him off the ballot told the justices on Friday.
NEW YORK (AP) — Donald Trump could potentially have his real estate empire ordered "dissolved" for repeated misrepresentations on financial statements to lenders in violation of New York's powerful anti-fraud law.
NEW YORK (AP) — Within days, Donald Trump could potentially have his sprawling real estate business empire ordered "dissolved" for repeated misrepresentations on financial statements to lenders, adding him to a short list of scam marketers, con artists and others who have been hit with the ultimate punishment for violating New York's powerful anti-fraud law.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Donald Trump isn't known for fostering deep connections with the Black community.
CHICAGO (AP) — Former President Donald Trump should be removed from Illinois' primary ballot, but the decision should be left to the courts, a retired judge recommended Sunday to the state's election board, arguing that it was clear Trump engaged in insurrection in the Jan. 6, 2021, attack on the U.S. Capitol.
NEW YORK (AP) — Tax season began Monday and for many people filing U.S. tax returns — especially those doing it for their first time — it can be a daunting task that's often left to the last minute. But if you want to avoid the stress of the looming deadline, start getting organized as soon as possible.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company behind a global recall of sleep apnea machines said Monday it will stop selling the devices in the U.S., under a tentative agreement with regulators that could cost the company nearly $400 million.
WASHINGTON (AP) — An enemy drone that killed three American troops and wounded dozens of others in Jordan may have been confused with an American drone returning to the U.S. installation, two U.S. officials said Monday.
DETROIT (AP) — Toyota and General Motors are telling the owners of about 61,000 older Corolla, Matrix, RAV4 and Pontiac Vibe models to stop driving them because their Takata air bag inflators are at risk of exploding and hurling shrapnel.
TOKYO (AP) — Toyota chief Koji Sato apologized Monday to customers, suppliers and dealers for flawed testing at a group company, following a series of similar problems in recent years.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Biden administration will start implementing a new requirement for the developers of major artificial intelligence systems to disclose their safety test results to the government.
Allegations of research fakery at a leading cancer center have turned a spotlight on scientific integrity and the amateur sleuths uncovering image manipulation in published research.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Chair Jerome Powell will enter this week's Federal Reserve meeting in a much more desirable position than he likely ever expected: Inflation is getting close to the Fed's target rate, the economy is still growing at a healthy pace, consumers keep spending and the unemployment rate is near a half-century low.
NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks rose Monday to kick off a week where Wall Street's most influential stocks may show whether the huge expectations built up for them are justified.
NEW YORK (AP) — Walmart is further sweetening the perks for its U.S. store managers as the nation's largest retailer and private employer seeks to retain its leaders and attract new ones in a still competitive job market.
LONDON (AP) — Amazon on Monday called off its proposed acquisition of iRobot, which was facing antitrust scrutiny on both sides of the Atlantic, with the ecommerce giant blaming "undue and disproportionate regulatory hurdles."
NEW YORK (AP) — After 46 years, Steve Replin has decided to give up his office space.
ANGOLA, La. (AP) — A hidden path to America's dinner tables begins here, at an unlikely source – a former Southern slave plantation that is now the country's largest maximum-security prison.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Biden administration is marking Monday's 15th anniversary of a landmark federal pay equity law with new action to help close gaps in pay for federal employees and employees of federal contractors.
GENEVA (AP) — Shares of Holcim Ltd. jumped Monday after the Swiss-based cement and building materials company announced plans to spin off its North American unit and list its shares in the U.S.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Car factories have idled in Belgium and Germany. Spring fashion lines are delayed at a popular British department store. A Maryland company that makes hospital supplies doesn't know when to expect parts from Asia.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden has made some strong claims over the past few days about shutting down the U.S.-Mexico border as he tries to salvage a border deal in Congress that would also unlock money for Ukraine.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin returned to work at the Pentagon on Monday after nearly a month's absence because of prostate cancer and was meeting with NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Republicans on Sunday released two articles of impeachment against Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas as they vowed to swiftly push forward with election-year efforts to oust him over what they call his failure to manage the U.S.-Mexico border. The rare step against a Cabinet member drew outrage from Democrats and the agency as a politically motivated stunt lacking the constitutional basis to remove Mayorkas from office.
NEW YORK (AP) — Wall Street closed out its latest winning week with a mixed finish on Friday, as drops for technology stocks dragged on the market.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A bipartisan group of Tennessee lawmakers on Friday announced their support for a proposed constitutional amendment that would give judges more latitude to hold someone without bail before trial for certain violent criminal charges.
LEBANON, Tenn. (AP) — Gov. Bill Lee on Friday said his administration was aware of the qualifications required under Tennessee law before appointing Lizzette Reynolds as education commissioner, rebuffing Democratic lawmakers' criticism that his appointee is not licensed to teach in Tennessee, despite a statute that says she should be qualified to do so.
WASHINGTON (AP) — House Speaker Mike Johnson took a strong stand Friday against a bipartisan Senate deal to pair border enforcement measures with Ukraine aid, sending a letter to colleagues that aligns him with hardline conservatives determined to sink the compromise on border and immigration policy.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve's preferred inflation gauge cooled further last month even as the economy kept growing briskly, a trend sure to be welcomed at the White House as President Joe Biden seeks re-election in a race that could pivot on his economic stewardship.
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — The Republican National Committee has pulled a resolution to consider declaring Donald Trump the party's "presumptive 2024 nominee" before he formally clinches the requisite number of delegates, a person familiar with the decision said Thursday.
NEW YORK (AP) — A jury has awarded an additional $83.3 million to former advice columnist E. Jean Carroll, who says former President Donald Trump damaged her reputation by calling her a liar after she accused him of sexual assault.
NEW YORK (AP) — JetBlue Airways warned that it may end its bid to acquire low-cost carrier Spirit Airlines as soon as this weekend after a federal judge blocked the deal, sending Spirit shares sharply lower Friday.
JERUSALEM (AP) — Yemen's Houthi rebels launched a missile Friday at a U.S. warship patrolling the Gulf of Aden, forcing it to shoot down the projectile, and struck a British vessel as their aggressive attacks on maritime traffic continue.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — The United Nations' top court stopped short Friday of ordering a cease-fire in Gaza in a case accusing Israel of genocide in the tiny coastal enclave, but demanded that Israel try to limit deaths and damage caused by its military offensive there.
They have lined up by the thousands across Russia in recent days, standing in the bitter cold for a chance to sign petitions to support an unlikely challenger to President Vladimir Putin.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — The U.N. trade body sounded an alarm Thursday that global trade is being disrupted by attacks in the Red Sea, the war in Ukraine, and low water levels in the Panama Canal.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — The estate of George Carlin has filed a lawsuit against the media company behind a fake hourlong comedy special that purportedly uses artificial intelligence to recreate the late standup comic's style and material.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Tennessee's top Republican lawmakers say they have no issue with the state's strict policy on restoring voting rights for those convicted of a felony, arguing that people shouldn't have violated the law if they wanted to continue casting ballots.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The nation's economy grew at an unexpectedly brisk 3.3% annual pace from October through December as Americans showed a continued willingness to spend freely despite high interest rates and price levels that have frustrated many households.
More Americans filed jobless benefits last week but layoffs remain at historically low levels despite elevated interest rates and a flurry of job cuts in the media and technology sectors.
FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — European Central Bank President Christine Lagarde will likely push back Thursday against expectations for quick interest rate cuts even as Europe's economy sputters and financial markets froth in hopes of cheaper credit that would boost business activity and stock prices.
ATMORE, Ala. (AP) — Unless blocked by the U.S. Supreme Court, Alabama will attempt to put a man to death with nitrogen gas Thursday night, a never used execution method that the state claims will be humane but critics call cruel and experimental.
DALLAS (AP) — Fourth-quarter profit fell sharply at American Airlines, and the carrier predicted it would lose money in early 2024, while Southwest Airlines posted a loss, as both carriers struggled to cover rising labor costs.
NEW YORK (AP) — Former President Donald Trump was on and off the witness stand at a jury trial Thursday in less than 3 minutes but not before breaking a judge's rules on what he could say by claiming that a writer's sexual assault allegations were a "false accusation" and he wanted to defend himself and the presidency.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Trump White House official convicted of contempt of Congress for refusing to cooperate with a congressional investigation into the Jan. 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol is set to be sentenced Thursday.
PORTLAND, Maine (AP) — Maine's top court Wednesday evening declined to weigh in on whether former President Donald Trump can stay on the state's ballot, keeping intact a judge's decision that the U.S. Supreme Court must first rule on a similar case in Colorado.
NEW YORK (AP) — Even as Donald Trump seeks his third straight Republican presidential nomination, his live appearances still present an unsolved riddle for many news outlets: How do you cover him?
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden is zeroing in on an expected rematch against Donald Trump after this week's New Hampshire primaries, eager to sharpen the contrast with his predecessor.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Long before Donald Trump announced his campaign to retake the White House, he launched a quieter campaign to rack up Republican endorsements.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Joe Biden picked up an endorsement from the United Auto Workers union Wednesday, an important boost to the Democratic president's reelection bid as he pushes to sway blue-collar workers his way in critical auto-making swing states such as Michigan and Wisconsin.
LONDON (AP) — You're in a crowded bar when a thief watches you unlock your iPhone with your passcode, then swipes it. That sinking feeling hits when you realize it's gone, along with priceless photos, important files, passwords on banking apps and other vital parts of your digital life.
NEW YORK (AP) — Amazon-owned Ring will stop allowing police departments to request doorbell camera footage from users, marking an end to a feature that has drawn criticism from privacy advocates.
DETROIT (AP) — Tesla's net income more than doubled last quarter thanks to a big one-time tax benefit, but it warned of "notably lower" sales growth this year.
Federal regulators have approved an inspection process that will let airlines resume flying their Boeing 737 Max 9 jetliners, which have been grounded since a side panel blew out of a plane in midflight earlier this month.
HELSINKI (AP) — Nokia on Thursday reported a double-digit decline in sales and a fall in profit in the last three months of 2023, with the wireless and fixed-network equipment maker saying operators are cutting back on investments into 5G and other technology because of economic uncertainty.
JERUSALEM (AP) — A liquor store has opened in Saudi Arabia for the first time in over 70 years, a diplomat reported Wednesday, a further socially liberalizing step in the once-ultraconservative kingdom that is home to the holiest sites in Islam.
CSX's fourth quarter profit slipped 13%, but the railroad hauled slightly more freight and kept its trains running smoothly.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The White House is trying to enlist school leaders to help spread the word about the importance of safely storing firearms to protect children.

Help | 
                    Customer Service


                    Copyright 1995 -
                2025
                by The Nashville Ledger - All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy - About