And they’re only $150! 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
There’s nothing like a fall photo dump for showing off your best cozy szn ’fits—and Olivia Rodrigo really brought her A-game with her latest IG post. Among other enviable autumn staples (which included a pair of on-trend Frye Campus 14L Boots, a vintage Burberry trench coat, and her trusty ’47 Yankees cap) were a pair of sweet velvet Mary Janes in fall’s It color: burgundy. 
And after a lil digging, I discovered that her ViBi Venezia Mary Jane shoes are not only still in stock—they’re only $150. Think I just found my new go-to fall shoe.  
Handmade in Venice and inspired by traditional gondolier slippers, these round-toe Mary Jane flats from Italian brand ViBi Venezia are srsly chic—and the velvet uppers (along with the trendy hue) just scream fall, no? But listen, I know that $150 isn’t a total steal for everyone, so if you’re looking to hop on the burgundy shoe trend without spending too much $$$, I found some more affordable alternatives that’ll give you a similar vibe for less:
Olivia isn’t the only one wearing fall’s It color in shoe form—less than a week ago, Taylor Swift wore Aquazzura merlot-toned mules (which are sadly out of stock) while out to dinner with pal Zoë Kravitz. Earlier this season, Jenna Ortega was spotted wearing a pair of burgundy Jimmy Choo Marlow loafers while attending the Venice International Film Festival. And let’s not forget when certified fashion girlie Katie Holmes was photographed walking around NYC in burgundy Mansur Gavriel Square Toe Ballerina flats. (Side note: Katie Holmes also has a pair of ViBi Venezia Mary Janes in blue, because ofc she does.) 
If you’re looking for chic Mary Janes to get you through the rest of the fall (and even take you into winter, IMO), the ViBi Venezia Mary Jane is it. Get ’em while they’re still in stock!
Corinne Sullivan is an Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers a variety of beats, including lifestyle, entertainment, relationships, shopping, and more. She can tell you everything you need to know about the love lives of A-listers, the coziest bedsheets, and the sex toys actually worth your $$$. She is also the author of the 2018 novel Indecent. Follow her on Instagram for cute pics of her pup and bébé. 
Even Water Couldn't Douse Tyla's Scorching Looks
Carrie Bradshaw Would Love Doechii’s Latest Look
Sources Debunk Jen and Pedro Dating Rumors
Demi Lovato Recreates Her Iconic ‘Disney Knees’ 
Katy Perry's Naked Dress Is Totally See-Through
Sophia Joked About How Olivia Hid Her Pregnancy
Benson Boone Stays Shirtless While Recording Music
Timothée Chalamet Is Entering a New Era at 'SNL'
Meghan and Harry Respond to L.A. Wildfires
Anitta Is Rocking the Bikini + Snow Boots Trend
Chrishell Shares L.A. Update With 'Traitors' Promo
Hailey Bieber's Mocha Mousse Trench Coat
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.