Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

Including trendy cashmere beanies, faux fur bucket hats, and more.
Commerce Writer and Producer for Footwear News and WWD

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, WWD may receive an affiliate commission.

	In the frost-bitten months of the year, function tends to take a backseat to fashion. The skies are gray, the ground is icy, and bundling up with cold-weather gear can dampen your seasonal style. While there are plenty of stylish puffer jackets and snow boots to collect, the best winter hats for women are the easiest hack for topping off a practical winter wardrobe with style appeal. 

	Whether or not you’re a hat person, there’s really no avoiding them when the temperature drops below freezing. That’s why it’s important to invest in one or two stylish winter hats that elevate your bundled-up basics. The best women’s winter hats should first and foremost be super soft — never itchy! — and reliably warm, which you can find from wool or polyester blends. Nylon winter hats, on the other hand, will be more protective against cold rain and snow. After that, the options for trendy women’s winter hats are boundless.

	











	
			Related Articles	
	













	People
	



	
			Charles Leclerc on Racing, Fashion and Life Beyond the Track	
			













	Fashion Scoops
	



	
			Matteau Celebrates 10th Anniversary With Moda Operandi	
			








	Women’s winter hats range from slouchy beanies to furry bucket hats, cozy toques, and classic knit pompom hats. Bright colors can bring light to dreary days, while playful patterns and luxe-looking textures like quilting and cable knit infuse a little more intrigue into the essential accessory. There are also stylish winter hats for ladies that come adorned in embroidery or faux pearls that you can wear when your jewelry is concealed by all those cozy layers.




			You May Also Like		






	Below, WWD Shop editors curated the best women’s winter hats for 2024 that’ll keep you warm without sacrificing style.

Sign up for WWD Shop’s newsletter to get the scoop on the best in beauty and style with in-depth reviews of exciting new releases and buyer’s guides to find the products you need to try ASAP.

		Canada Goose’s new Alpaca Toque may be the most luxurious winter hat of the season. It’s woven with durable nylon and incredibly soft Alpaca yarn, which is naturally water-resistant, lightweight, and thermo-regulating, making it ideal for snowy weather or long days spent out and about. This Canada Goose winter hat has a foldable rib hem, too, so you can wear it as a slouchy beanie or style it for a more snug fit. Price upon publish date of this article: $275	

		The iconic Carhartt beanie is a wardrobe staple in its own right — but we found a clever option that won’t doom your ‘do. This Carhartt winter hat is lined with smooth satin, which reduces frizz and curbs the risk of “hat hair.” It’s the same silhouette you know and love, with warm wool-like Polyana fibers (which makes it 100 percent recyclable), a cute array of color options, and that classic Carhartt patch. What testers say: “Same great Carhartt fit just satin lined. No more hair tangles or static hair! A must-have. I bought three one for every occasion.”Price upon publish date of this article: $24.99	

		Kylie Jenner turned a snowy Aspen ensemble into a serious fashion moment last year when she wore a furry Apparis bucket hat, and this similar style from the brand just landed for winter 2024. Available in rich colorways like deep black, trendy espresso, and leopard print, the faux fur Amara Bucket Hat comes lined with suede to keep your head nice and warm — while also adding a heaping dose of drama. Price upon publish date of this article: $95	

		Need a pop of color to brighten up gray winter days? Free People’s Forever Fuzzy Beanie is warm and surprisingly versatile, with a contrast rib hem and plenty of duo-tone colorways. Select from fuzzy neutral options like warm brown and charcoal, or opt for this adorable periwinkle hue our editors have heart eyes for. Price upon publish date of this article: $38	

		Women’s winter bucket hats are a great investment because their wide brims offer extra protection against rain and snow. Hat Attack’s Modern Quilted Bucket Hat is chic and practical, thanks to its water-repellent shell and cozy fleece lining. Plus, its slightly slouchy shape won’t overwhelm smaller heads.Price upon publish date of this article: $95	

		Since you’re already busting out your favorite Ugg boots, you might as well get a hat to match. This Ugg winter hat is absolutely timeless and will go with everything in your wardrobe. You can rely on warmth from its chunky cable knit weave, while a faux fur pompom is simply the cherry on top. What testers say: “This beanie is so soft — I never want to take it off. It almost feels like you don’t have anything on your head. I will likely also buy the black for next season. I promise you won’t regret this purchase.”Price upon publish date of this article: $43.49	

		The bow trend is still in full effect — especially as the holidays grow near. Kate Spade’s adorable winter hat dons a simple bow detail in a snug-fitting beanie silhouette. Available in black, white, or vivid pink, adds a dash of femininity to lackluster winter gear.  Price upon publish date of this article: $58	

		Pearls are a major jewelry trend this season, but sometimes all those hats and scarves make it nearly impossible to layer on fancy baubles. Tasha’s winter hat brings elegance to the staple beanie with imitation pearls in different sizes adorned all over. Wear this number with an overcoat to a dressy winter festival, or throw it on for a holiday gift shopping spree. Price upon publish date of this article: $38 	

		Winter weather is no joke, so you’ll need a no-nonsense hat in your arsenal for extremely frigid days. L.L.Bean is always a great source for winter gear, and this bestselling style mimics your favorite puffer jacket with Primaloft insulation, faux fur lining, and a snow-proof nylon shell. What testers say: “Adorable and warm hat. Lined, too! Love the puffer style — it will go with many of my winter coats and jackets.”Price upon publish date of this article: $34.95	

		Gigi Hadid’s Guest in Residence knitwear brand has made its mark in the fashion lexicon, where A-list fans (and friends) like Taylor Swift, Blake Lively, Hailey Bieber, and Sydney Sweeney have all incorporated the luxurious staples into their cold-weather wardrobes. The Cloud Beanie is just as the name suggests — blissfully soft and quietly luxurious. Crafted with 90 percent merino wool, this elevated beanie is temperature-regulating, moisture-wicking, breathable, and, environmentally friendly. Price upon publish date of this article: $145	

	Since 1910, WWD — often referred to as “the fashion bible” — has been the leading industry voice of authority for senior executives in the global women’s and men’s fashion, retail and beauty communities, while also informing the consumer media that cover the market. Today, WWD’s breaking news and trend coverage continues to be a trustworthy resource for both fashion insiders and consumers alike. Our shopping editors continue to uphold WWD’s editorial standards and values with quality, expert-backed product selections. Learn more about us here.

Olivia Cigliano is a Commerce Writer & Producer at Footwear News and WWD where she writes and edits shopping content across fashion, beauty, footwear, TikTok style trends, and more. Cigliano received her bachelor’s degree in journalism from Emerson College, and her byline can be found in publications including Elite Daily and CR Fashion Book. She is currently based in New York City. Cigliano regularly reports on seasonal fashion trends and new fashion releases at WWD.
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.