By CODIE BULLEN and CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  18:16, 2 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:50, 5 March 2024   
 90
View  comments
Tallia Storm channelled her inner Geri Halliwell in a fabulous Union Jack mini-dress as she stepped out the 2024 BRIT Awards on Saturday.
The Used Girl singer, 25, put on a very busty display for the glitzy evening as she looked every inch the Spice Girl in the red, white and blue blazer.
She sent pulses soaring as she paired her racy number with a very low-cut white shirt, which she paired with a loose black satin tie.
In keeping with her saucy look, Tallia paired her bold ensemble with a pair of black sheer suspenders, which suffered a minor wardrobe malfunction - a ladder .
Adding inches to her curvy frame, the Addicted star donned a pair of towering black shiny platform heels.
Tallia Storm channelled her inner 1997 Ger Halliwell in a fabulous Union Jack mini-dress as she stepped out the 2024 BRIT Awards on Saturday
The Used Girl singer, 25, put on a very busty display for the glitzy evening as she looked every inch the Spice Girl in the red, white and blue blazer
She stayed true to her 90s throwback look as she wore her fiery red tresses in a heavily back-combed quiff.
Spice Girl Geri, rocked up to the 1997's BRIT awards in a similar outfit as she wore a Union Jack flag mini dress which she paired with red platform boots. 
The ceremony is hosted by Maya Jama, Roman Kemp and Clara Amfo, and will also feature a series of guest presenters throughout. 
Raye broke records at Saturday night's BRIT Awards, winning six gongs during a star-studded ceremony at London's O2 arena.
The singer/songwriter, 26, scooped the first gong presented on the night, Song of the Year for her hit Escapism ft 070 Shake, shortly before also taking home the R&B Act gong and Best New Artist.
She was in floods of tears as she later accepted Album Of The Year, Artist Of The Year and Songwriter of the Year, bringing her beloved grandmother on stage at one point.
The star now holds the record for the most BRITs won at a single ceremony, a record which previously stood at four, jointly held by Blur (1995), Adele (2016) and Harry Styles (2023). 
She had been nominated seven times – the most ever for a single artist in a year – but couldn’t possibly have won more than she did as she was shortlisted twice for song of the year – for Escapism, which won the title, and for Prada. 
Spice Girl Geri, rocked up to the 1997's BRIT awards in a similar outfit as she wore a Union Jack flag mini dress which she paired with red platform boots
As well as Raye’s huge successes, Dua Lipa won best pop act while Kylie Minogue – who had a massive comeback hit last year with Padam Padam – picked up the global icon award. The night was dominated by female winners, who won gongs in all but four categories.
Dua Lipa picked up the fan-voted Pop Act gong, gushing to her fans: 'I guess for more reasons than one my fans are the reasons why I'm standing here today, so I wanna say a massive thank you to each and every single one of you who have voted for me.' 
A record 98 artists were up for the new 2024 BRIT award, which has been designed by British visual artist and painter Rachel Jones.
The only men to get accolades were Calvin Harris for dance act; Sheffield quartet Bring Me The Horizon in the alternative/rock category; Casisdead for best hip-hop, grime or rap act; and duo Jungle for group of the year. 
Miley Cyrus was a notable absentee on the night, sending her thanks for her International Song win for her smash hit Flowers in a video message.
'Hello to everybody at the Brits. I wanted to say thank you so much for voting Flowers as the international song of the year, and a special thank you for giving me somewhere to wear this dress, she said, showing off her minuscule gold number.
'It's incredible to win but the real prize is having this incredible song hit around the world. I know this video is a little short but I just wanted it to match my dress.' 
Dua Lipa and Ellie Goulding pulled out all the stops as they led the performances. 
Double nominee Dua, 28, opened the ceremony with her new song Training Season from her upcoming her third studio album. 
The songstress looked incredible in an all leather look while Ellie, 37, stormed the stage just a week after announcing the end of her marriage. 
The evening ended with Dua Lipa presenting Kylie with the Global Icon Award, leading into the Aussie popstar's finale performance.
'Alright I’m just gonna be sobbing with Raye, you did that!' an emotional Kylie said as she took to the stage.
'You did that. Brits, thank you so much. I really tried to think hard about what to say tonight but I knew I couldn’t plan anything and I knew it’d be just about the emotion.'
'For some of you it’s been a lifetime – 36 years and counting of experiences together and the thing that really gets me is the love of music and connection with people … I have friends in this room that I’ve worked with through the years.'
The pop superstar then took to the stage for a medley of her greatest hits including her recent chart smash Padam Padam, Can’t Get You Out Of My Head, Slow and Love At First Sight.
SONG OF THE YEAR - RAYE ft 070 Shake - Escapism
ARTIST OF THE YEAR - RAYE 
ALBUM OF THE YEAR - RAYE, My 21st Century Blues 
GROUP OF THE YEAR - Jungle 
GLOBAL ICON - Kylie Minogue 
DANCE ACT - Calvin Harris 
ALTERNATIVE ROCK - Bring Me The Horizon 
HIP HOP/GRIME/RAP ACT - Casisdead
 INTERNATIONAL GROUP OF THE YEAR - Boygenius
INTERNATIONAL SONG OF THE YEAR - Miley Cyrus - Flowers 
INTERNATIONAL ARTIST - SZA 
POP ACT - Dua Lipa 
BEST NEW ARTIST - RAYE 
BRIT RISING STAR - The Last Dinner Party 
R&B ACT - RAYE 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group