By 

	Emily Zemler


Rick Astley offered a surprisingly poignant cover of Olivia Rodrigo‘s hit “Drivers License” for BBC Radio 2’s Piano Room over the weekend. Performing with the BBC Concert Orchestra and a pair of back-up singers, Astley showcased the 2021 single with some serious emotional gravity. 

	Astley also performed his own 1987 mega-hit “Never Gonna Give You Up,” which he and the orchestra mashed up with Ed Sheeran’s “Shape Of You.” The set was recorded live at the BBC’s Maida Vale Studios in London. 

	Astley’s most recent LP, Are We There Yet?, arrived in October via BMG. He teased the album with a performance on the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury Festival 2023 last summer, making his debut at the festival. 





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	The musician is no stranger to surprisingly takes on popular songs. In 2021, Astley covered the Smiths’ “This Charming Man” at a show in London. A video from the concert was brought to attention of former Smiths guitarist Johnny Marr, who quipped on Twitter, “This is both funny and horrible at the same time.” Later that year, Astley and indie-pop band Blossoms — with whom he’d been on tour — performed two Smiths tribute shows in London and Manchester. 

	










	In 2016, Astley told Rolling Stone he’s happy to confound people’s expectations of him. “I do like doing that,” he said. “Age has made me think I have to stop giving a shit what anybody else thinks and do exactly what I want to do, so one day I’m going to do a gig in Manchester where I’m going to sing [all] Smiths songs because I absolutely love the Smiths. I’ll probably get lynched for it, but I just want to do it. Why not?”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.