The cheapest ticket at the time of publication for Tate McRae's newly added tour date at MSG is on Vivid Seats.Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP
Tate McRae is coming to the New York tri-state area so fans will have two chances to see her perform live. 
The Canadian pop singer is bringing her “Think Later World Tour” to PNC Bank Arts Center in Holmdel, N.J., on Monday, Aug. 19 and Madison Square Garden in New York City, on Thursday, Aug. 22. 
Here’s how to see Tate McRae live when she arrives in New Jersey and New York City. 
The cheapest ticket available at the time of publication for Tate McRae’s PNC Bank Arts Center show, before fees, is $46 on SeatGeek.
For her MSG show, the cheapest ticket at the time of publication is $136 on StubHub. The most expensive ticket is a whopping $7,271 on SeatGeek.
You can also check out other secondary sites, such as Vivid Seats and TicketCity, to find cheap tickets. 
You’ll be able to find cheap ticket prices ranging from $46 to $143 on these secondary market sites.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
Tate McRae’s world tour kicked off in Dublin, Ireland on April 17 and will end on Nov. 21 in Wellington, New Zealand.
If you want to hear songs from McRae’s latest “Think Later” and many of her top hits live, you don’t want to miss out on tickets. 
Plus, you’ll get to see Presley Regier and charlieonnafriday perform live as special guests on McRae’s tour.
You can find all of Tate McRae’s upcoming tour dates here.
Tate McRae isn’t the only artist heading out on a massive tour this year.
Here are other artists you do not want to miss: Taylor Swift, Sabrina Carpenter, Missy Elliott and Olivia Rodrigo.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Victoria Rosenthal can be reached at vrosenthal@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices