MyMMANews

The UFC will incorporate Proto Hologram technology in its massive UFC 306 AT RIYADH SEASON NOCHE UFC, the historic first sports event at Sphere, the revolutionary entertainment venue in Las Vegas this Saturday, September 14.
Top names from the UFC roster will appear in life-size, volumetric 4K in Proto machines for fans to interact with in the lobby of Sphere. UFC CEO Dana White will also appear in hologram form. It is the first time Proto holograms have been used in the world of MMA. It will give fans an unprecedented selfie experience with their heroes. It is also the first time Proto will be used inside Sphere.
“We’re absolutely fired up to see Proto holograms at Sphere for the first time ever at Noche UFC!” said David Nussbaum, Founder and CEO of Proto Inc. “UFC is known for delivering unforgettable experiences, and now, with our cutting-edge hologram technology, fans will have a mind-blowing chance to stand shoulder to shoulder with their favorite fighters and even Dana White himself. This is going to be an epic night that sets a new standard for live sports entertainment, and we’re honored to be a part of it!”
NOCHE UFC will comprise over six hours of live MMA action and an immersive film with six chapters from award-winning filmmakers. NOCHE UFC is a tribute to the Mexican people and their culture, as well as a celebration of their fighting spirit and contributions to combat sports in honor of Mexican Independence Day.
The event will utilize Sphere’s state-of-the-art audio and video capabilities to deliver a live experience never before witnessed in the history of sports.  The venue’s next-generation technologies include the world’s highest resolution LED display that wraps up, over and around the audience, creating a fully immersive visual environment. The venue also features the world’s most advanced audio system, Sphere Immersive Sound, powered by HOLOPLOT, which delivers audio with unmatched clarity and precision to every guest.
Proto is the inventor of hologram machines and the AI-powered spatial computing platform in use across the sports and entertainment world, including at a dozen major arenas and stadiums in the U.S., on top network television shows, and at the Super Bowl, and has featured entertainers and sports figures such as Manny Pacquiao, Usain Bolt, Jon Bon Jovi, Elton John, Olivia Rodrigo and the Kardashians. Investors include Marshawn Lynch, Albert Pujols, Lil Wayne, Howie Mandel and Paris Hilton. Proto is also in use by Fortune 500 companies around the world in finance, manufacturing, retail, education and health care.
Follow Us - All The Cool Kids Are