Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan ’s romance has fans raving with jealousy.
As the Irish actor continues to swoon over his pop star girlfriends, fans can't help but to be obsessed with the adorable display these two celebrities put on. Their appearance at the 2024 Met Gala set hearts on fire as she appeared in a gorgeous black and blue gown with Barry accompanying her in a top hat.
The relationship comes after a very public love life for Sabrina who was previously wrapped up in the Olivia Rodrigo and Joshua Bassett love triangle. Her new romance with Barry seems to be taking a much different directions, so let's take a look at how we ended up here to begin with.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Sabrina Carpenter’s Met Gala skincare prep included this £7.50 sensitive skin-friendly cleanser
The pop princess and actor didn't cross paths until they both were at the Givenchy show on Sept. 28, 2023 in Paris. However, Barry might have already been on Sabrina's mind since she did watch an advanced screening of Saltburn only a week before.
It didn't take long for people to start speculating they were dating. Only a few months later, in December, the pair were seen going for a night out in Germany. A witness told PEOPLE at the time that the pair kissed. They added: "It definitely seemed like a date.”
Sabrina and Barry made their debut at one of Hollywood's biggest nights. While they didn't attend the Grammys together, they did attend the W Magazine, Mark Ronson, and Gucci's Grammys afterparty. It wasn't clear if they meant to go public, especially since they posed separately on the carpet, but they were later seen inside getting close. W Magazine ended up confirming that the pair were hanging out when they posted a photo of Sabrina and Barry together.
While Sabrina was twirling around on stage as she opened for Taylor Swift at the Eras Tour, Barry was spotted in the VIP tent cheering her on. He was a long way from home, too, making the moment in Singapore that much more special. Fans even speculated that she was giving him a cheeky smile while performing. Later, a video showed the pair together backstage where Barry gave her a little spin.
After their separate Grammys arrivals, Sabrina and Barry appeared to confirm their relationship further with an Oscars debut. The pair took some snaps together and Barry was even wearing a sweet friendship bracelet. It appeared to be a nod to his new girlfriend as the beads seemed to spell out her name. Plus, the little detail made reference to Sabrina's career as she was opening for Taylor Swift at the time who recently re-popularised friendship bracelets.
Fans' hearts melted as a video showed Barry watching his love from the crowd at Coachella. Sabrina's first performance in the desert included a rendition of her popular songs Nonsense and Espresso, but what stole the show was her sweet gesture to her boyfriend. While she was up on stage, she gave Barry a little, dainty wave which caused Barry to appear overwhelmed as he spun around in an adorable swoon. Barry and Sabrina was seen spending time with Taylor and Travis Kelce at the music festival, too.
Sabrina and Barry linked together for fashion's biggest night — the 2024 Met Gala. They arrived to the red carpet in some gorgeous looks as they attempted to rise to the dress code challenge, Garden of Time. Sabrina wore a gorgeous mermaid style gown. Her boyfriend broke from the basic black suit curse of male attendees to wear a bronze suit jacket and tote around a top hat. Some fans speculated that the outfits were a nod to Sabrina's upcoming appearance in a live action Alice in Wonderland movie.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.