These long-weekend deals won’t last long.
With Memorial Day nearly here, Amazon is getting a head start with deep discounts on everything from beauty finds to home goods. In short, there’s no need to wait for the next Prime Day to save big.
Below, shop a selection of celeb-loved finds on major markdown at Amazon’s Memorial Day sale — from an Oprah-loved jewelry box to Martha Stewart’s glam go-to.
If you’ve been keeping your ears open for deals on Apple AirPods, now’s the time to pick up a pair for less.
While stars have access to practically every product under the sun, plenty swear by EltaMD when it comes to SPF.
“A lot of sunscreens make my skin break out and this one has been my holy grail,” Hailey Bieber said of this tinted formula in a 2021 Elle video.
Levi’s may be the oldest denim brand on the market, but it’s also a modern sensation. Sydney Sweeney sported these classic shorts last month, and Olivia Rodrigo, Camila Cabello and Elsa Hosk (to name but a few) also own pairs.
While Kyle Richards has shouted out plenty of products in Amazon Lives over the years, she keeps coming back to this mascara, which she once called a “miracle.”
Richards’ Amazon favorites also include these viral Carote pans, which come with clip-off handles for easy storage (or for doing double duty as serving bowls).
“That reduces a lot of dishes … no more having to use another dish and make a mess,” the “RHOBH” star said in a recent Amazon Live.
Alix Earle once included this hair stick in a roundup of Prime Day favorites — and plenty of our editors swear by the sleek styling secret, too.
Upgrade your daily dental care routine with this top-rated water flosser, which Olivia Culpo once spotlighted in an Amazon livestream.
From Kendall Jenner’s Met Gala look to Martha Stewart’s history-making Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue debut, this glow-promising product’s played a role in several major celebrity moments.
Stewart’s makeup artist Daisy Foye told People she uses the tinted moisturizer “every day,” saying it’s “how she gets that dewy look, like she just got a facial.”
Alix Earle’s love for this selfie light is so widely known, the TikTok phenom told Elle she’s seen people mistakenly believe her name was that of an actual light company.
Page Six Style Editor Elana Fishman was equally impressed when she put the tool to the test, dubbing it an “instant glow-up.”
While not included in the official Memorial Day sale, apply the 15% off coupon on the product page to score big savings at checkout.
With celebrity fans like Meghan Markle and Sarah Jessica Parker, Hunter’s classic rain boots always make a splash.
Just call it an Apple (deal) a day. Amazon’s sale also includes major markdowns on iPads, like this one going for over $100 off.
Oprah’s “favorite” Cozy Earth sheet set — which she dubbed the “softest ever” on her 2018 “Favorite Things” list — is over $80 off right now.
Keep track of your valuables with Apple’s location-tracking AirTags, currently 20% off on Amazon.
Sofia Richie recently curated a “wardrobe” of Nexxus haircare essentials, and this ultra-lightweight oil made the cut.
“Hair oil is just so important, period, especially if you’re like me and you color your hair,” the brand ambassador said in a Vogue video.
Martha Stewart’s namesake brand is offering plenty of savings too, including over $50 off this sheet set sold in a range of pretty prints and solid colors.
Another deal to get fired up about? Kyle Richards spotlighted this sweet-smelling candle in a recent Amazon livestream of her top gift ideas.
Lisa Vanderpump called Le Creuset the “Rolls-Royce of cookware” in a Page Six interview — and the brand’s signature dutch oven costs a whole lot less than a luxury vehicle.
Even Kim Kardashian can’t resist a drugstore beauty buy. This purple package popped up in the star’s beauty bag in the background of an Instagram Story.
Amazon’s also chopping prices on the viral vegetable chopper, which Olivia Culpo once shouted out in an Amazon livestream.
“RHONY” star Erin Lichy is tickled pink with this bright blush, as she recently told us she’s “obsessed” with the drugstore find.
“It’s the perfect rosy color that makes me look like I laid out in the sun for 10 minutes too long,” she raved.
Score a piping hot deal on Keurig’s single-serve coffee maker, which also comes “Housewife”-approved; Richards included it in her recent livestream showcasing her Mother’s Day must-haves.
Olivia Wilde is rarely spotted without a Hydro Flask bottle when leaving the gym. And if you’ve yet to quench your thirst for great deals, consider picking up this tumbler take on her insulated bottle.
Oprah shouted out this plush jewelry organizer on her 2022 “Favorite Things” list — and with summer travel season on the horizon, now could be the prime time to add one to your cart.
Don’t sweat high workout-wear prices. Kyle Richards included this under-$30 style in an Amazon Live highlighting her fitness staples, saying she’s found black leggings are “always the most flattering.”
“RHONY” alum Dorinda Medley swears by this cordless vacuum for keeping Bluestone Manor sparkling clean, as she recently told us she’s “obsessed” with the top-rated device.
Score max savings on Apple’s over-the-ear headphones, beloved by everyone from Sarah Jessica Parker to Timothée Chalamet. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.