e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
These days, I find myself singing lullabies to my great-niece Remi, possessor of the same incredible chubby cheeks as my own babies (it must run in the family).
Cheeky Baby is usually around too, snuggled on the sofa watching “Cocomelon” on YouTube with Remi’s older sister or chasing her around.
At 14, the last baby I sang love songs and lullabies to is now taller than me.
But she remains ever-patient with me and my stories. Stories are my love language, wishes and prayers rolled into “I remember… .”
She and her brothers know to at least look attentive when I start with how “You Are My Sunshine” was the anthem of their infancy; that Papa broke out his 90s jams to counter my Broadway show tunes at bedtime. How KidzBop was thankfully a blip in our family soundtrack.
John C. Reilly’s one-night-only show at the Pasadena Playhouse on Valentine’s Day opened the gates to more recollections.
This was Alicia’s first visit to the Spanish Colonial Revival-style “State Theatre of California,” built in 1924 and beautiful.
She endured the historical tidbits I threw at her — how Elmer Grey designed the place and Gilmor Brown built it up, how the people in Pasadena supported it from the start and remain wholeheartedly protective of it today.
I rattled the lists of shows I remember seeing there, and when she opined “It’s not as grand as the Pantages,” I tried not to gasp.
My teen knew John C. Reilly from “Wreck It Ralph” and “Guardians of the Galaxy.”
I knew the character actor from “The Perfect Storm,” “Talladega Nights” and “Chicago.”
In an interview, Reilly said he wrote the “Mr. Romantic” show to lift people’s spirits “because that seems like what the world needs now more than ever.”
And that he does. Singing old love songs and standards that are on repeat on my Spotify, Reilly punctuated each with charming pantomime.
He also waded into the crowd and tried to find love among the audience. It was old-fashioned and fun.
Cheeky knew some of the songs, such as “La Vie en rose,” written in 1945, and we listened to others on the way home, “My Funny Valentine,” “A Kiss to Build a Dream On,” “Moonlight Serenade” and “The Way You Look Tonight” among them.
By the way, she had to listen to the original artists, and not the “Glee” cast versions.
She doesn’t remember me swaying with her as I sang these songs in her babyhood.
Her brothers were immersed in the same set list — “Rainbow Connection,” “You’ll Be in My Heart” from “Tarzan,” “Baby Mine,” and even “Not While I’m Around” from “Sweeney Todd.”
Desperate measures brought out “Edelweiss” because I can croon that thing in my sleep, thanks to multiple watches of “The Sound of Music” in my own (ancient) childhood.
Everything can be music to those who can hear it, and Reilly tapped into the best of old-timey tunes to conjure up a fun and whimsical evening for my baby and me.
We each got red roses on our way out, a sweet ending to the evening.
Would she rather have tickets to an Olivia Rodrigo concert? Perhaps. But I see Ella Fitzgerald and Cole Porter on her Spotify playlist today and the discovery strikes just the right note of connection in my mama heart. She heard the music after all.
Anissa V. Rivera, columnist, “Mom’s the Word,” Pasadena Star-News, San Gabriel Valley Tribune, Whittier Daily News, Azusa Herald, Glendora Press and West Covina Highlander, San Dimas/La Verne Highlander. Southern California News Group, 181 W. Huntington Drive, Suite 209 Monrovia, CA 91016. 626-497-4869.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group