The K-pop band ONEUS will head out on their second world tour on on March 16 in Seattle.AP
ONEUS is making a return to North America.
The K-pop group will begin their second world tour “La Dolce Vita” in North America on March 16 in Seattle and will wrap up on April 10 in Los Angeles.
While on tour, the group will perform at The Theatre at Madison Square Garden in New York City on March 24. If you’re a Chase debit or credit cardholder, you’ll be able to enhance your concert experience by signing up for tickets to the Chase Lounge before the show starts and get $5 off concessions, if you spend $30 or more.
This world tour is in support of their the 10th mini album “La Dolce Vita.”
Tickets to see ONEUS on tour are currently available on Ticketmaster.
K-pop fans can also look to purchase tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketNetwork and TicketCity.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can find a full calendar of ONEUS’ tour dates here.
ONEUS are not the only artists going out on tour.
Here are a few more upcoming tours you won’t want to miss: Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Nicki Minaj.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices