Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Your younger self would think that you’re so cool.
Spring weather is always pretty unpredictable. One day it's pouring rain, the next day sunny skies. One day you go outside in shorts and a t-shirt, and the next you're pulling out the winter coat you prematurely tucked away. While spring fashion might be tough to nail down, you can always count on spring beauty trends to awaken your creativity. According to the 2025 spring runways, this spring is the time to step out of your comfort zone—like way out—by incorporating more colors, patterns, and embellishments into your daily beauty routine. 
This season, designers took a moment to look back, drawing inspiration from classic childhood staples to add a playful touch to their runway looks. At Simone Rocha, eye makeup went beyond the standard smoky eye and was exaggerated with liners and floral appliques. The braided hairstyles at Chopova Lowena were punctuated with unexpected accessories. And at Theophilio and Grace Ling, fun nail trends from the early aughts reemerged in the form of iridescent and metallic finishes. 
If these vibrant trends urge us to do anything, it’s loosen the reins and introduce a bit of whimsy into our everyday beauty practices. If the below trends are any indication of what this year's warm weather months have to offer, it’s safe to say we're all in for an exciting spring/summer season. So, if you’re looking to get back in touch with an imaginative sense of wonder, beauty is a good place to start. See some of our favorite beauty trends from this season’s fashion shows below.
They say the eyes are the windows to the soul, which is probably why designers went all out on the eye makeup looks during fashion month. While some designers draw attention to the eyes with bold, smoky eyeshadows, as seen at Dsquared2, others opted for thick, geometric liners, like the ones models wore at Simone Rocha. At Luar, leopard-printed temporary tattoos took the place of your standard eye makeup. 
There is no denying the power of a classic red lip. The beauty staple has transcended trend status and is a certified classic, loved and frequented by celebrities like Olivia Rodrigo, Taylor Swift, Tracee Ellis Ross, and many others. But this year, darker lip colors dominated the runways.  At Jonathan Cohen and Versace, deep, sultry shades of red ushered in a new staple color for the fall. Black lipstick also made an appearance at Luar, solidifying the vampy makeup look as a go-to—just in time for a Twilight series rewatch.
We rarely discuss the impact that a simple part—or lack thereof— can make when you’re doing your hair. Debates have even erupted on TikTok about where to divide your hair, as millennials rushed to defend the side parts that dominated the early 2000s. Gen Z TikTokers stood firmly in support of the middle part. Luckily, we can all lower our arms in this battle because several designers decided that the best part is no part at all. Models at Tory Burch, Kim Shui, and Lemaire wore slicked-back hairstyles that brought an edgy yet sophisticated energy to the collections. 
After years of talking about chrome nails in all its iterations—glazed, hologram, metallic, the list goes on—you might have thought that we’d be over the trend by now. Well, think again. Chrome nails are more in than ever, according to designers at New York Fashion Week. At Theophilio, green and purple sparkling nails accented the model’s hands as they sported the designer’s classic sexy, colorful designs. Long silver chrome nails were elevated with dangling charms and appliqués at Luar. Extra-long chrome nails were the finishing touch that helped bring the surreal, smoky vision of Grace Ling’s collection to life.
The main throughline of this season’s beauty looks was the elevation of simple beauty staples, including hair. The plaits and French braids we used to don as kids received a chic upgrade. At Chopova Lowena, the braids ranged from pigtails with metallic clamps to braided buns with intricate designs. Models at Who Decides War wore headbands reminiscent of the braided styles popular in the 2010s. Sometimes, returning to the basics is exactly what you need to inspire you to create something new. 
Courteney Cox Has Big Plans for Your Home
Game-Changing Makeup That Doubles as Skin Care
Mother’s Day Gifts for Beauty-Obsessed Moms 
The 10 Best Tinted Eye Creams for Tired Under Eyes
Why Microdosing Is the Future of Skin Care
The Best Texturizing Sprays to Buy Right Now
The Best Face Primers for Long-Lasting Makeup 
Top Barrier Creams to Heal and Protect Your Skin
Salmon Sperm Products Are Like Botox in a Bottle
The Baby Fat Boom
The Best Water Creams to Hydrate Your Skin 
The $20 Brown Mascara That Saved My Wedding Day
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.