"It's a shared language of music," the star explained.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Elvis Costello is fully in support of Olivia Rodrigo.

	In a new interview with Vanity Fair, the Rock and Roll Hall of Famer shared his thoughts on Rodrigo’s Sour album opener, “Brutal,” which seemingly took inspiration from his angsty 1978 anthem “Pump It Up.” He told the publication that artists “allude to [the song] in their own arrangements. Like Olivia Rodrigo’s producer obviously did.”

	“Now, I did not find any reason to go after them legally for that, because I think it would be ludicrous,” Costello continued. “It’s a shared language of music. Other people clearly felt differently about other songs on that record.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Elvis Costello		
					






















	
		
					Olivia Rodrigo		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Costello is seemingly referring to a series of copyright issues with Rodrigo’s singles, including “Deja Vu,” which she once said was partly inspired by Swift’s “Cruel Summer” before quietly retroactively crediting Swift as a co-writer. A similar scenario went down with Rodrigo’s “Good 4 U,” on which she retroactively credited and split royalties with Paramore’s Hayley Williams and Josh Farro after listeners pointed out similarities between the song and “Misery Business.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The “Radio, Radio” star previously defended Rodrigo on social media back in 2021, responding to a user who pointed out that “Brutal” and “Pump It Up” sound similar. “This is fine by me, Billy,” he told the X user. “It’s how rock and roll works. You take the broken pieces of another thrill and make a brand new toy. That’s what I did.”

	He also included the hashtags “#subterreneanhomesickblues” and “#toomuchmonkeybusiness,” in reference to the respective Bob Dylan and Chuck Berry songs that influenced “Pump It Up.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.