Stay hydrated all winter long.
Stanley cups have been the go-to accessory of 2024. The viral reusable water bottles are perfect for staying hydrated, and fans on TikTok have even dressed up their fave tumblers for any occasion.
Stylish Stanley owners add colorful charms and straw toppers to match their OOTD, while adventurous cup holders pop on a duffle bag and tray for snacks while traveling. Beauty brand e.l.f. released a $6 Tumbler Lip Oil Holder in October to customize your Stanley Quencher and keep not only your body hydrated, but your lips as well.
The attachable e.l.f. holder, which perfectly fits the Glow Reviver Lip Oil, was the star of the first Stanley e.l.f. collection drop that also included exclusively at Target: 
The Lip Oil Holder is out of stock online, but fans may be able to find the limited-edition accessory in stores. You’ll want to act fast, though. Since this is limited-edition, there will *not* be a restock of the already super-viral e.l.f. Stanley cup collection. 
If you missed out on getting something from e.l.f.’s first collab with Stanley, you’re in luck. The brand just released two new product styles that are available at online at Target.com. This second drop includes: 
The IceFlow Flip Straw Tumbler is actually the perfect water bottle to get your BFF who’s always on the go. The leak-proof design and handle makes it so easy to carry around and even throw in your backpack for school or a hike. 
The flask is also a cute white elephant gift for the holidays that doesn’t go over a $20 budget. Each color also matches one of e.l.f.’s lip oils, so you can match your Stanley to your fave lippie. 
I was able to get my hands on the Red Delicious Stanley cup from the first collection to test out how comfortable and easy it is to have the lip oil holder attached and truly fell in love. Even though the clip does make the handle a bit larger, it still provides a nice grip for carrying around your Stanley. 
The lip oil also fits so snug in the holder that flipping your cup upside down won’t make it immediately fall out. Mine took a bit of shaking before it dropped, but I don’t know why you’d be holding your cup upside down like that anyway.
The lip oil accessory reminds me so much of Hailey Bieber’s viral lip case from Rhode, making it easy for you to reapply whenever. The box for the e.l.f. holder also comes with stickers to decorate both your Stanley cup and holder, which I thought was cute. If you prefer the clean look, you can save them for your journal or laptop instead.
Don’t feel like you have to stick to the same colors, too. The color palette of the e.l.f. Stanley collection works so well together that you could mix and match your cup to your holder — especially if the one you were hoping to get is sold out at your store. 
Overall, this is such a fun collab. After a year of Barbie and Olivia Rodrigo cups with lip holder accessories, I can’t wait to see where Stanley goes next.
This article was originally published on 10.28.24
Be the first to know what's trending, straight from Elite Daily