The singer also talked to "CBS Mornings" about the benefit of celebrity endorsements. 

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


John Legend has long been outspoken about his political beliefs and when it comes to this November’s presidential campaign, the singer said there is only one candidate he can, and will, support.

	Speaking to CBS Mornings, Legend told co-host Tony Dokoupil that he is fully behind Vice President Kamala Harris, who became the official Democrat nominee on Tuesday night (August 20) after a raucous, musical roll call at the Democratic National Convention in Chicago.

	“I live in California, so I’ve gotten to watch her run for election multiple times,” Legend said of Harris, who before she became President Joe Biden’s VP in 2020 was also the Attorney General of California and a Senator from the state. “And seen how smart and charismatic and empathetic and how ready she is for this, she’s prepared herself for this role. She is eminently qualified to be president. And then she also has the right character traits I think to be a great president, which means she cares about people’s lives, wants government to work for people and improve their lives.”

	










	Legend — who will perform Wednesday night at the 2024 Democratic National Convention — joins a long, and growing, list of musicians who have thrown in with the Harris campaign since the Vice President unexpectedly jumped into the race in place of Biden when the President stepped down a month ago amid concerns that the 81-year-old commander in chief was not up to the task. His endorsement is now added to a roster that includes Ariana Grande, Barbra Streisand, Cardi B, Charli XCX, Demi Lovato, Katy Perry, Lil Nas X, Megan Thee Stallion, Olivia Rodrigo, Patti LaBelle and Beyoncé, whose “Freedom” has been adopted as the official Harris campaign theme song.

	The singer told CBS that he felt compelled to weigh in on the election because of the vital impact politics has on all of our lives as American citizens. “We all have a stake in what happens in this country. We pay taxes here. Our kids are growing up here, going to schools here. And I don’t want to sit out,” said the Ohio native who has long been an advocate for prison reform and voting for progressive prosecutors. “I want to make sure that my voice is heard, but also that I lift up other voices and make sure they’re heard too.” 

	










	A longtime critic of twice impeached former President Donald Trump, Legend threw cold water on the notion that the Democratic party is one of “coastal elites,” a tag often put on the party by their Republican rivals thanks to Dems’ strong support in New York and California, as well as the tendency for A-list music, movie and entertainment figures to throw in with the other side. He noted that Republicans have gone all-in on a convicted felon whose story is the very definition of what former First Lady Michelle Obama referred to as “the affirmative action of generational wealth” in her rousing DNC speech on Tuesday night.

	“They’re represented by a guy who grew up with a silver spoon in his mouth, who was gifted a real estate company, grew up in New York City and is only famous because he was on national television playing a businessman,” Legend said of Trump, who is running for President for a third time alongside his pick for a second-in-command, Ohio Senator JD Vance. “So, you know, it doesn’t ring very true for them to accuse us of being the Hollywood elites. I’m from Springfield, Ohio. I grew up in a blue-collar family. I would not even comprehend the kind of upbringing someone like Donald Trump had.”

	The bottom line, Legend said, is that Harris and her VP candidate, Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz, “care about people like you. They care about ordinary Americans and they want to make life better for ordinary Americans. And their opponent cares about enriching himself and his other rich friends and the difference is very clear.”

	Watch Legend’s full interview below.
.@johnlegend is at the DNC to help bolster support for VP Kamala Harris’ run for the White House.He told @tonydokoupil about the impact of celebrity endorsements: “I don't want to sit out. I want make sure that my voice is heard, but also that I lift up other voices.” pic.twitter.com/jDUfRxZ7Yn
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.