By ALEXANDRA BELLUSCI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:28, 24 June 2024   |  Updated:  01:18, 28 June 2024   
 48
View  comments
Olivia Wilde stepped out of her workout wearing a casual two-piece outfit on Monday.
The 40-year-old sported a cropped black tee from Splits59, putting her tiny, toned figure on full display. 
Olivia paired the shirt with matching Splits59 black leggings, sneakers, and sunglasses. She even accessorized with a black bag and a black water bottle. 
The Don't Worry Darling star kept her hair in a high pony and added a gold bracelet to her left wrist.
Olivia - who shares son Otis, 10, and daughter Daisy, 7, with ex Jason Sudeikis - recently showcased her youngest child's independent streak.
Olivia Wilde stepped out of her workout wearing a casual two-piece outfit on Monday
The 40-year-old sported a black cropped t-shirt, putting her tiny, toned figure on full display
The director posted a photo on Instagram earlier this month holding up a small piece of paper with a handwritten note by Daisy.
'I have a crush on nobody,' it read. 'I don’t need a boy.'
Olivia captioned the Instagram Story, 'That’s my girl.'
Along with Daisy's declaration, the House alum dove deeper into how her kids are doing these days, four years after she and Jason split in 2020.  
'They're so great,' Olivia told People in January. 'They're huge and they're so healthy and happy. I already feel like they're giant teenagers, but we're having a lot of fun. They're my best friends.'
She also revealed her favorite activities to do with Otis and Daisy. 
'We have so much fun,' Olivia said. 'They're so active. They're musicians and they're athletes and they're just cool. They both play drums and they sing and we just have a great time. We're a big karaoke family.'
As for the producer's song of choice? As Olivia put it, 'My go-to changes. It changes a lot. Right now we have a lot of Taylor Swift happening in our house.'
She elaborated, 'It's wall-to-wall Taylor and Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish. And now Daisy has brought in Dua Lipa, but we're like Taylor first.'
The Don't Worry Darling actress shares son Otis, 10, and daughter Daisy, 7, with ex Jason Sudeikis 
In January, she revealed how her kids are doing, telling People: 'They're so great. They're huge and they're so healthy and happy. I already feel like they're giant teenagers, but we're having a lot of fun. They're my best friends'
Back in October, a source revealed to People that Olivia and Jason were in a 'good place' despite a tumultuous breakup four years prior. 
The insider continued, 'If there's any resentment over where to live or child custody payments, they certainly don't show it.' 
And when it comes to their custody agreement - which was settled in September - 'it's a united front. And they are clearly both deeply devoted parents.'
 Although Olivia and Jason have kept their co-parenting relationship out of the spotlight, back in 2022, The Lazarus Effect actress briefly spoke about their dynamic. 
'My priority is them,' she said on The Kelly Clarkson Show. 'As long as they're happy and they're healthy.' 
'My ex and I, we agree on that,' Olivia continued. 'They are everything to us.'
However, she admitted that co-parenting is still 'tough' to do.  
'My priority is them,' she told host Kelly Clarkson. ' As long as they're happy and they're healthy'
'I think, you know, reshaping a family is tricky,' Olivia told host Kelly Clarkson. 'It's hard, but it's doable. If you can surround them with so much love, then it's OK. But, you know, it's tricky because we're not doing it in private.'
Meanwhile, when it comes to protecting her own mental health during challenging times, Olivia shared that she avoids the public's opinion.
'I mean, I'm not on the internet, I'm not on Instagram,' she revealed. 'So I think that really helps, and just focusing on what's real, your trusted circle of friends, what's real, things that make you happy, people you love, people who love you, and like, just keeping your mind on what's real. I think that's how I get through it.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group