ACCRA, GHANA – SEPTEMBER 24: Sza performs on stage during Global Citizen Festival 2022: Accra on September 24, 2022 in Accra, Ghana. 
SZA will perform at the 66th Annual Grammy Awards this Sunday (Feb. 4). The New Jersey native is the top nominee at this year's award show with nine nods. Her December 2022 sophomore album, SOS, has been nominated for Album of the Year and Best Progressive R&B Album. In addition, she is nominated for Song of the Year and Record of the Year for "Kill Bill." "Snooze" is nominated for Best R&B Song. The singer also has nominations for Best Traditional R&B Performance ("Love Language"), Best Melodic Rap Performance ("Low"), Best R&B Performance ("Kill Bill"), and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance ("Ghost in the Machine").
SZA could earn a solo award for the first time in her career. Her critically acclaimed debut album CTRL in 2018, earned the singer five Grammy nominations. But she walked out of the show empty-handed. The singer got her first Grammy in 2022 for her guest verse on Doja Cat's "Kiss Me More," which earned both artists their first win at the award show.
Behind SZA in nominations is Victoria Monét with seven. Other notable nominees in hip-hop and R&B include Ice Spice, Nicki Minaj, Coco Jones, Drake, 21 Savage, Janelle Monáe, and more.
Besides SZA, Travis Scott, Burna Boy, Olivia Rodrigo, Dua Lipa, Luke Combs, Billy Joel, Joni Mitchell, and U2 (who will perform remotely via the Las Vegas’ Sphere) will also take the Grammy stage. This marks SZA's second performance at the Grammys, as the singer previously took the stage in 2018 for her debut album  CTRL. 
"I’ve lost enough times to know that investing in this moment is not wise," SZA told Variety in November. "And not because it’s not important — I’m so happy for it — but because you have to place your importance on who you are as an artist and as a person."
The Grammys will air on CBS from L.A.’s Crypto.com Arena on Feb. 4, starting at 8 p.m. ET/5 p.m. PT.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!