Overcast with rain showers at times. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 50%..
                                
Overcast with rain showers at times. Low 53F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 50%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 8:26 pm
Next Stage Arts presents Cuban quintet Espirales Project on March 29 at 7:30 p.m., at Next Stage Arts, at 15 Kimball Hill, Putney.
PUTNEY — Next Stage Arts presents Cuban quintet Espirales Project on March 29 at 7:30 p.m., at Next Stage Arts, at 15 Kimball Hill, Putney. Tickets are $20 in advance, $25 at the door and $10 for livestream access. Next Stage will provide a beer, wine and cocktail cash bar. Advance tickets are available at nextstagearts.org.
For information, call 802-387-0102 or visit nextstagearts.org.
Newly emerging on the Cuban music scene in 2023, the Espirales Project brings together five top graduates of Cuba’s Instituto Superior de Arte performing across several genres — Cuban, jazz, world, and chamber music. Tania Haase, Olivia Rodríguez, Alejandro Aguiar, Jesús Estrada and Rodrigo García have led or contributed nationally and internationally to projects across all these styles, performing at Cuba’s International Jazz Plaza Festival and the Habana Clásica concert music festival. They are also teachers who have designed a development program on Cuban music and culture.
"The Cuban-based Espirales Project graduated from the premiere university in Havana for arts and culture, and we're so excited about the opportunity to present them at Next Stage," says Keith Marks, executive director of Next Stage Arts. "We love collaboration with regional friends like the Vermont Jazz Center and the Brattleboro Music Center, so this is an incredible opportunity for our region to exhibit how the power of collaboration supports our region through co-presenting international artists."
The group is led by pianist Rodrigo Garcia Ameneiro. Although his career is still in its early stages, his achievements include the award for best composition at the Stanford Jazz Workshop 2016; first place in the international Vivo competition (2018) at Carnegie Hall in New York; and special prize in the international Grand Prize Virtuoso Amsterdam (2019), together with his wife and Espirales violinist Tania Haase; and the Grand Prize at the Rocky Mountain Music Competition (2021).
This show is co-presented with Vermont Jazz Center.
For more information and to purchase tickets, visit nextstagearts.org.

Success! An email has been sent to  with a link to confirm list signup.
            

Error! There was an error processing your request.
            
Get the latest headlines every morning in TheBeat!
Breaking news delivered directly to your inbox.
Everything you need to know about the arts and culture scene in Southern Vermont.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.