Shine bright like a diamond with these can’t-miss deals, starting at $67.
Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
They say diamonds are a girls’ best friend, and we couldn’t agree more—especially when said diamonds are at a discount. One of the our editors’ favorite jewelry destinations, Mejuri, is hosting its second-ever Diamond Week sale with deals on all that glitters. Now through Tuesday, April 9, you can take 15 percent off the brand’s coveted diamond jewelry and select 14k gold pieces. Whether you’re looking to treat yourself to a sparkling new bauble, stock up on gifts for your loved ones (psst, Mother’s Day is just around the corner), or secure a meaningful piece for upcoming nuptials, you won’t want to miss these deals. 
Since its 2015 launch, Mejuri has become one of our go-to jewelry brands for simple and statement pieces at a wide range of prices. Mejuri’s famous fans include Sydney Sweeney, Meghan Markle, Olivia Rodrigo, and Selena Gomez, so you can rest assured you’re wearing them in good company. Almost all of the brand’s diamond pieces are discounted, including climate neutral lab-grown diamonds, natural diamonds, and wedding bands. 
To help you make the most of it, we’ve rounded up some of our top picks to shop during the sale, and they start at just $67. From classic studs and tennis bracelets to statement rings and zodiac charms to add to your fine jewelry collection, check out our favorite deals from Mejuri’s Diamond Week sale here. 
Whether you’re repping your own initials or those of a loved one, add a personal touch to your favorite necklace or bracelet with this diamond letter charm. For bonus points, pair it with Mejuri’s Boyfriend Chain or Paperclip Chain Charm Necklace, which are also on sale during Diamond Week.
Glam up your everyday look with these subtle yet sparkly diamond huggie hoops. The hidden clasp makes them comfortable to sleep in, and you can even reverse these earrings for a simple solid gold look. Score them for under $250 during the sale.
Wear your heart on your sleeve—literally—with this pavé heart diamond bracelet. Its dainty size makes it perfect for stacking with other pieces, like the Boyfriend Bold Bracelet or Tiny Pearl Bracelet.
Whether you’re a fan of dainty jewelry or just starting your diamond collection, you can’t go wrong with this adorable tiny stud set in yellow gold. It’s perfect for stacking and rings in under $100.
No matter if you wear it as a wedding band or as part of your everyday rotation, you’ll look refined in this eternity ring set with baguette-cut diamonds. Choose between white or yellow gold to suit your style.
Spoil the astrology lover in your life (or yourself) with this zodiac charm pendant in your choice of star sign. Each 14k gold piece features two stunning diamonds modeled after its corresponding constellation.
If timeless elegance is what you’re after, add this unique take on the diamond tennis bracelet to your cart. Made from solid 14k gold with a row of glimmering bezel-set diamonds, it’s well worth the splurge.
Inspired by one of our favorite pastries, Mejuri’s best-selling croissant ring gets an upgrade with three rows of shimmering pavé diamonds. It manages to look equal parts trendy and classic thanks to its playful shape and durable solid gold material.
Diamond earrings truly never go out of style, making Mejuri’s simple studs a worthy investment. These round-cut, 0.5-carat diamonds are designed to shine from every angle.
Set with 13 pavé diamonds, this wishbone necklace can be worn solo or layered with your favorite chains.
Turn heads in these dangly statement earrings handcrafted in solid 14k yellow gold. Perfect for your next upscale event, each piece is dripping with 15 bezel-set diamonds
A Shopping Editor’s Review of COS
The Ultimate Guide to Chic One-Piece Swimsuits
Luxe Earth Sign Gifts for Taurus Season
Where Fashion Insiders Find Designer Deals
The Launch: Fashion News to Know This April
Sofia Grainge Releases Summer Mommy-and-Me Styles
Elevate Mom’s Everyday Moments With These Gifts
Wild Flowers: ELLE’s May Shopping Guide
Puma’s Speedcat Ballet Sneaker Is Trending
Make Mother’s Day Shine With Stunning Jewelry
Wedge Heels Are Spring’s Hottest Shoe Trend
Yes, Long Sleeve Swimsuits Can Be Chic
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.