Purple hues, sequined skirts and handmade tank tops dominated the stands as teenage girls and young fans took over the Moda Center on Saturday for Olivia Rodrigo’s “GUTS World Tour” stop in Portland. The energy was electric and the fashion choices were as bold and vibrant as Rodrigo’s latest album.
What styles stood out among Portland fans?
Purple cowboy hats, boots, bows and jewelry were a fan favorite, adding a playful touch to each carefully curated outfit. Handmade sashes with lines from Rodrigo’s songs — a reference to her “obsessed” music video — adorned many ensembles.
Colorful stickers speckled some faces, a nod to Rodrigo’s “SOUR” album cover. Friendship bracelets for trading decorated many arms.
Many came in coordinated outfits, with one duo even flaunting matching butterfly tattoos, a repeating symbol in Rodrigo’s music.
Many opted to recreate Rodrigo’s look from her “bad idea right?” music video — a white tank top, silver sequin skirt with a red heart necklace. Some fans even rocked Rodrigo’s own merchandise to the show, paired with sparkling accessories.
Fans lined up for photos at the immersive GUTS World Tour Bus Experience, which let attendees explore photo opportunities, set pieces and replica outfits from tour.
Stars were everywhere — painted on T-shirts and tank tops, pinned in fans’ hair, and drawn on signs, a nod to the “GUTS World Tour” posters that showed Rodrigo “spilling her guts” or multicolored stars, in her case.
And, of course, there were the dads, proudly wearing purple T-shirts that proclaimed, “We had the GUTS to bring our daughters.”
See all the photos in our gallery below.
For more on Olivia Rodrigo’s “GUTS World Tour,” read our review of her Portland concert here.
— Chiara Profenna covers religion, faith and cultural connections. Reach her at 503-221-4327; cprofenna@oregonian.com or @chiara_profenna
The Oregonian/OregonLive receives support from the M.J. Murdock Charitable Trust to bring readers stories on religion, faith and cultural connections in Oregon. The Oregonian/OregonLive is solely responsible for all content.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices