ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
DUBLIN, IRELAND - APRIL 30: Olivia Rodrigo performs live at the 3 Arena on April 30, 2024 in Dublin. ... More Olivia Rodrigo's sophomore set Guts returns to No. 1 on Billboard's Vinyl Albums chart, earning its fifth stay on top after not appearing on the list last time around. (Photo by Samir Hussein/Getty Images for LIVE Nation)
Olivia Rodrigo is busy promoting her latest full-length, Guts, via an international tour that’s been selling out everywhere. The set was released almost a year ago, but it’s hardly faded in popularity. The title actually surges on the charts in America this week, even managing to return to the highest rung on one tally.
Guts reappears at No. 1 on the Vinyl Albums chart this week. Rodrigo’s sophomore set wasn’t present on Billboard’s list of the bestselling titles on vinyl in the U.S. last frame, but now it’s back—and running the show.
Rodrigo’s second full-length has now spent five weeks at No. 1 on the Vinyl Albums chart. Those stints on top are obviously not in order, but that’s perhaps even more impressive. Her five turns in charge have been spread out across the past year.
Guts is Rodrigo’s longest-running No. 1 on the vinyl-only roster. Her first title, Sour, also reached the highest rung on the Vinyl Albums chart. That title has spent three frames in charge, at least so far.
In the past tracking week, Guts’ sales count soared, thanks to the title becoming popular once again on the singer’s online store. There are a number of versions for sale on her website, and purchases of all of them help buoy the project’s performance on the Billboard charts—especially on the Vinyl Albums tally.
Guts sold just under 19,400 copies in the past tracking week, according to Luminate. That number is up more than 500% from the period before, when it managed just 3,000 sales.
All those purchases help Guts climb on almost every chart it appears on. The set nearly returns to the top 10 on the Billboard 200, as it rockets from No. 30 to No. 12. It’s also up from No. 35 to No. 5 on the Top Album Sales list.