Manage your account
Taylor Swift doesn’t need to endorse Kamala Harris for her fans to rally around the Democratic nominee. Many of them already are, mobilizing on behalf of the VP under the name Swifties for Kamala.
In a recent interview with Cosmopolitan, a few of the organization’s leaders shared that they don’t particularly care if or when the 34-year-old pop star publicly supports Harris, because their movement is much bigger than that. As 21-year-old Rohan Reagan explained to the publication, “We are doing this outside of her, using the platform of Swifties as a way to get people involved in the election.”
More from Billboard
All the Musicians Supporting Kamala Harris in the 2024 Presidential Election
Lea Michele Welcomes Baby No. 2 With Husband Zandy Reich
Paramore Thanks Taylor Swift for Eras Tour Supporting Slot: 'We Love You'
“Taylor did throw her support toward Joe Biden during the 2020 election, so it is possible that she’ll show her support again,” Reagan continued. “But Swifties for Kamala aren’t waiting for her to do that.”
Co-founder Irene Kim, 29, added, “We’re not trying to make her do anything — we do not speak for Taylor. Our movement is about the power of our community and how we can mobilize together.”
The interview comes about a month after President Biden dropped out of the 2024 race, appointing his second-in-command to take over the ticket. Since then, Harris has selected Minnesota Gov. Tim Walz as her running mate and officially accepted her nomination for president at the Democratic National Convention — but Swift has yet to publicly show support for the attorney-turned-politician. There was a moment earlier this month when many fans believed the “Anti-Hero” singer subtly embraced Harris by posting an Eras Tour photo with what appeared to be a Kamala look-alike in the background, but so far, there have been no signs that it was purposeful.
Even so, many other musicians have stepped up to the plate to endorse Harris, including Megan Thee Stallion, John Legend, Pink and Stevie Wonder — each of whom has performed at various campaign events — as well as Ariana Grande, Olivia Rodrigo, Demi Lovato, Quavo, Bon Iver, Barbra Streisand, Carole King and more. And in the meantime, Swifties for Kamala plan to continue advocating for Harris on behalf of the “Karma” artist’s fans, from raising awareness about the VP’s campaign to providing followers with voter registration resources.
“One of our goals is that we really want to make this almost a Swiftie safe space where people feel comfortable to be active in politics, especially younger voters and people who have never really participated in politics,” 22-year-old cofounder Emerald Medrano told Cosmo. “We combine voter registration information with, like, friendship bracelets initiatives. We’re bringing things from our fandom culture into a political space, which I think is a really cool way to help people open up and participate.”
Best of Billboard
Kelly Clarkson, Michael Buble, Pentatonix & Train Will Bring Their Holiday Hits to iHeart Christmas Concert
Fox Plans NFT Debut With $20 'Masked Singer' Collectibles
14 Things That Changed (or Didn’t) at Farm Aid 2021