By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

	Tom March has been named chairman-CEO of Capitol Music Group, the company announced today (Feb. 7). The announcement was made by John Janick, chairman-CEO of Interscope Geffen A&M Records, to whom March will report. 

	The move comes just a day after former chairman-CEO Michelle Jubelirer stepped down after two years in the post, and also follows Janick’s recent elevation to the helm of parent company Universal Music Group’s West Coast labels. 





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					'9-1-1: Nashville' Casts 'Grey's Anatomy' Alum Jessica Capshaw		
			








	Janick also has named Lillia Parsa as CMG co-president, joining co-president Arjun Pulijal, who will continue to focus on the company’s artist development efforts, according to the announcement. Parsa will work closely with March in planning the company’s creative direction and future growth, including the pursuit and nurturing of partnerships with artist and executive entrepreneurs to broaden and strengthen CMG’s connections within the creative community. Both executives will be based in Los Angeles.

	










			Popular on Variety		






	March was most recently president of Geffen Records, having joined that company two years ago after serving as co-president of London-based Polydor Records; he is a nearly 20-year Universal Music veteran. Geffen’s successes on his watch include Olivia Rodrigo’s sophomore album “Guts,” the company’s partnership with HYBE (featuring V and Jung Kook), Colombian-American singer Kali Uchis and rapper Yeat.

	Parsa was most recently a senior VP of A&R at Universal Music Publishing Group, based in New York, having joined the company in 2018. She has signed or worked closely with Renee Rapp, Ice Spice, Julia Michaels, Billy Walsh, Blake Slatkin, Gracie Abrams, Omer Fedi, Nija Charles, Louis Bell, Cirkut, and Jimmy Napes.

	Janick said, “I’ve worked closely with Tom for the better part of a decade, first as he looked after IGA repertoire in his role as co-President of Polydor in the UK and more recently in his position as president of Geffen,” said Janick. “He is a passionate and savvy executive who is a relentless advocate for artists and is committed to building successful executive teams. I know he will thrive in this important new role.

	“Lillia is a gifted creative executive with very strong relationships throughout our business. I’ve personally gotten to know her over the years through artists we’ve signed together and via the amazing roster of songwriters she’s assembled at UMPG. I’m excited for her to take on this key position at Capitol, working alongside Arjun to continue to build a powerful platform for Capitol Music Group.”
The Business of Entertainment