Stanley's new Quencher colors for Summer 2024 are Seafoam (left) and Indigo.(stock photos)
Stanley has officially dropped two new Quencher H2.0 travel tumbler colors immediately following the launch of the Olivia Rodrigo collaboration for those who can’t seem to have enough Stanley’s in their pantry.
These new Stanley Quencher colors are an Indigo blue and Seafoam green available in both 40-ounce and 30-ounce options.
Oftentimes, Stanley will let its fans know if a new color or collaboration is coming for this mega-popular tumbler, however, only those who visited Stanley’s website found out about this new color drop.
And, while at times, new tumbler colors can be pretty basic, these new blue/green tumbler colors are quite stunning and perfect for summertime so your drink stays cold even in the hottest temperatures.
RELATED: The Target-exclusive Stanley Quencher is still available in 4 colors, how to get yours
“This travel tumbler is just what you need for all-day hydration. Take it with you to a high-intensity workout or on an extra-long commute to keep your drink cold for hours,” Stanley states on its website.
“The lid features a rotating cover with three positions: a straw opening, a wide mouth for drinking, and a full-cover top to prevent spills. The larger size even fits comfortably in your vehicle’s cup holder and comes with a rugged handle for carrying.”
Those interested in Stanley’s latest Quencher H2.0 travel tumbler color drop can checkout the full details here.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices