Getty Images / Ridofranz
If you're looking to get some sleep, some pop artists might help you get you there. A new study is out, where experts pinpoint a handful of pop artists and songs that reportedly can help you get a good night's sleep. So, if you're looking to get some extra Zs, listen up.
The sleep experts at Mattress Online have a new story out, in which they discovered the best BPM, volume and tone of music for sleeping, based on the average sleep sounds of brain-wave omitting beats. In doing the study, the Mattress Online researchers "compared against hundreds of the biggest pop tracks to create the perfect sleep playlist." They discovered that "there is the long term suggestion that to help drop our heart rates before bed, we should listen to music of less than 60 bpm, that may feature binaural beats, pink or brown noise."
So, what's the best musician for sleepy time? According to the experts, it's the popular Taylor Swift, with an average sleep score of 8.23/10. They say her mix of pop, country and folk is what makes Swift's music so great for sleeping. Other pop artists who made the cut included Ed Sheeran, Billie Eilish, Tate McRae, Harry Styles, Olivia Rodrigo and more. I really enjoy McRae's music and am actually surprised that it's good for sleeping, because the driving dance beats in a lot of her songs get me pumped. It's worth noting that a few other artists on the list aren't pop, such as Fleetwood Mac and The Lumineers.
The experts also add that it's also important to feel emotionally connected to the music and that the music brings you good memories, so enjoying a heavier band while you sleep could also work. I have to say that I actually can fall asleep to heavy metal music, but then again, that's one of my favorite genres of music. I personally love listening to bands such as Mastodon, and they can help me get that much-needed rest. But, most people would likely prefer some lighter, more relaxing music to get to bed in the most restful way. I can't blame them, and I do think that when it comes to bedtime music, aside from music that's actually created just with the purpose of putting you to sleep, pop and indie music has that chill vibe that can help you drift off. Contact me with your favorite artists to listen to while sleeping.
Things change so rapidly these days, that it's easy to become unfamiliar with the trendy slang words that all the kids are saying. So, if you're looking for the hottest slang words to make you sound cool, you're going to need a crash course in slang for today from experts. Mind you, just because a slang word is popular, that doesn't mean you have to adapt it into your vocabulary. But, if you're curious what hot slang words are being used right now, here's a tally.
So, where does slang originate? Many times, these pop culture slang terms are first coined on a popular TV show, movie, video game or in popular music. For example, Beyoncé forever made popping the question extra cool with her 2008 single, "Single Ladies (Put a Ring on It)," which got men and women talking about if they should "put a ring on it," which sounds so much cooler than "get engaged." Also, today, social media can birth slang words. Experts also note that many young people check out what slang words influencers on TikTok and Instagram are using in videos and photo posts. So, many trendy phrases and words originate on social media these days.
It's also worth noting that while the Millennials were often known for the hottest slang words back in the day, today, it's all about Gen Z and Gen Alpha. They're the ones who are really setting the trends for slang words. It's wild to think that Gen Alpha is already coining slang words. Generation Alpha are those born from 2010-2024, so they are super young right now. Can babies really coin slang terms? Not really, but the oldest kids in this generation are just now becoming teenagers, so it makes sense that they can start to have a real impact on pop culture and slang words and phrases. In fact, a recent viral TikTok post is super funny that shows a millennial mom, Jennifer Maxwell, enlisting her 10-year-old daughter to teach her some new slang terms. Things went not so well, and Maxwell said she really has "no idea" what her daughter is "saying half the time anymore."
But, not all slang has to be so "extra." There are some simple slang words and phrases that you can use now to sound hip, or as hip as possible. Now, let's get into the hottest slang words to make you sound cool, from slang experts.
I don't like this slang term. It just sounds silly to me. But, "extra" means "overly dramatic" or "too much." So, if someone says you're extra, don't say, "extra what?" Just tell them that they're being "extra" for using the term.
Extra
This is kind of a cute one. If you're crushing on someone, you might say, "Hey, they are living rent-free in my head." It means you have someone on your mind.
Rent-free.
This is an interesting slang term, because it really means the same thing as its traditional definition. If someone says, "That's so cringe," they mean something is embarrassing or uncomfortable. Just typing this is kind of cringe for me.
Cringe
This one isn't new, but dope is still, well, a dope slang term. It means "awesome." So, if someone says something you did is dope, it's a good thing.
Dope
This one might be getting old. But, the phrase "Let's go" is super popular these days. I see almost every musician I follow use it when they announce a new release. I'm guilty of this, as you can see in the post below. It's also popular at sporting events.

A post shared by

A "Betty" is an attractive girl or a babe. Someone recently called me a Betty, and I admit that I had to search for the term online to see what the heck they meant. At first, I thought it was an insult.
Betty
This one is kind of funny. "OK Boomer" is really popular right now, and it's basically when someone from an older generation is complaining or being condescending towards the younger generation. If someone hates the new music out there, you might say, "OK Boomer," to them and shrug.
OM Boomer
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!