Whilst we love to commemorate our stars and their achievements, record producers rarely get the same levels of veneration.
In the case of Steve Albini however, the outpouring of shock and grief at his untimely death at just 61 was palpable, despite him having lived a life with few concessions.
Kim Deal was as affected as anyone; Albini had produced much of her as-yet-unreleased solo album, and had even gifted her a ukelele on which Deal wrote the bones of some of its songs.
To emphasise the profound connection the two had, the present had come from Albini after Kim and her sister Kelley played at his wedding in Hawaii, hamming up the bridal march and then later covering Dolly Parton.
Now 63 and with a career in alt rock which blossomed with the Pixies and latterly The Breeders, Nobody Loves You More surprisingly is Kim Deal’s first solo effort.
Appearing sporadically, her own-work material has surfaced before as a series of low profile releases in 2013, whilst some featured on The Breeders’ last album All Nerve five years later.
Her anti-heroine image also prompted the Disney starlet turned pop icon Olivia Rodrigo to offer The Breeders a touring support slot; appreciative of the experience, the veteran singer’s reflection was that it was probably the first time most audience members had ever seen a band.
If the far younger woman had always appreciated the band’s Gen X cool, she’ll probably be surprised by the depth and stylistic zig zags here.
The titular opener is an open song of devotion, framed by an old-time string section and brass, commanding a sort of reverse unplugged effect which against expectation suits her time-aged vocals.
Crystal Breath is the opposite, a slamming grind of disco punk which began life intended for the comedy series Physical; despite that getting axed, the song’s shifting restlessness and sweet and bitter interludes give the rebirthing lyrics (‘let’s start a new life’) an extra layer of resonance.
Those feelings also stem from a time of profound loss, as both of Kim Deal’s parents passed recently within a year of each other. Are You Mine? stems from her mother’s struggle with dementia, a traditional country song that centres poignantly on a phrase she used one day in an attempt to centre her relationship with a daughter she now only knew in flashes.
For anyone so associated with a particular band – and a band which were associated with a specific sound – slipping out of character for an entire album would’ve seemed virtually impossible.
Here, Disobedience and particularly closer A Good Time Pushed close a circle which long time fans might take comfort in; reverberating in quiet-loud, overloading patterns, here lies what influenced so many acts of the last century and this.
That’s not the real story though. The abrasive groove of Big Ben Beat – overlaid onto a backing track devised by former Savages rhythm section Fay Milton and Ayse Hassan – squalls, rocketing upward.
With cues from that ukelele, then the fifties’ vibe of Summerland by contrast is a delight, evoking retro-chintz, sunsets and an ex-rehab Doris Day.
It’s Albini’s presence however that again elevates; on Coast he added the Chicago marching band Mucca Pazza, as to a loose-fitting groove which has ever so slightly an inkling of Blondie’s The Tide Is High, Deal sketches out the tale of a summer spent in Nantucket trying to get herself clean.
Few grieve for those who spend their life in the background, no matter how cold-hearted that is. Nobody Loves You More sees Kim Deal confronting mortality, change and past vs. future wearing a dozen means of expression.
It won’t bring anyone back, but it’s sure as hell a great way to remember them by.