Virgin Radio
28 Feb 2024, 11:17
Credit: Rex
Superstar singer Kate Bush has been announced as the ambassador for 2024's Record Store Day and she couldn't be prouder to fly the music flag to support vinyl.
Held on 20 April, the musician said: "What a huge honour to have been asked to be Ambassador for this year’s Record Store Day. It really is a great privilege.
"Isn’t it great to see how the resurgence in vinyl has taken the music industry by complete surprise? It had decided to leave vinyl far behind, but it would seem that not everyone agrees! I love that!
"I know there are many, many artists who are just as excited to see the audience turning the tide. In the same way that some people like to read a book on Kindle but also want to have a book as a physical object, a lot of people like vinyl and streaming. Both have different appeals.
Credit: Instagram
"The added bonus of vinyl is that it encourages people to listen to albums. An art form that I’ve always thought can be treasured in a unique way. 
"An album on vinyl is a beautiful thing, given a strong identity by its large-scale artwork. There’s a much more personal connection with the artist and their work."
The Wuthering Heights singer is also releasing a special 10-inch vinyl of 1993's Eat The Music from album Red Shoes. She said: "It’s been fun putting designs together for some of the previous RSDs. This year’s design echoes the cancelled release of Eat the Music as the first single from the album, The Red Shoes.
"The image was intended to be on the cover of the single bag and is now on the disc as a UV print.
"The title, Eat the Music, is meant to be a playful nod to 'If music be the food of love, play on,'  from Shakespeare's Twelfth Night.
Credit: X
"Each year Record Store Day gathers more attention, more momentum, and attracts more people who cram into indie record stores all over the world to see what’s up. What’s new?
"This year, I hope you have a fantastic time at this very important event, and that you get to celebrate music that’s been specially released for you."
Limited editions, one-off albums and singles released by the likes of David Bowie, The 1975, Olivia Rodrigo, Notorious BIG, The Beatles, De La Soul and Gorillaz will be released to mark the day, as well as in-store performances and special events.
Bush has been nominated three times before in 2018, 2021 and 2022 and while she hasn’t released new music recently, her 1985 hit Running Up That Hill rocketed to the top of the charts thanks to the hit Netflix show Stranger Things.
Advertisement
The best-paid comedians in the UK have been revealed in a new top ten list, which features some big...
Bruno Tonioli gets the boot from Britain's Got Talent, but is Alan Carr stepping in?
We asked, and you delivered! Here are the 100 greatest songs of the 1980s. 
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit