It's giving 'my four-year-old cut her own bangs'... but in the best way possible
What's more exciting than the release of Olivia Rodrigo's 'obsessed' music video? Why, her debuting a brand new fringed haircut within the same breath, ofc! Happy Friday, friends.
Now, ICYMI (which, I'm sure you haven't but alas), Olivia took to social media to share that the deluxe edition of her most recent album 'GUTS (spilled)' – which features five new songs – is now available to stream. And along with this, she also released a music video to one of the five new tracks, 'obsessed'. You keeping up?
As mentioned, in the video (which you can watch via the YouTube link, below), Olivia looks a little different, thanks to her fresh micro-fringe haircut!
The length is so short that only half of her forehead is in guise, making for a vampiric finish. And while not finished with a triangular cut – like the widow's peak edge of classic 'vampire bangs' – the hacked, jagged ends do give off major gothic vibes. 
Now, having said all that, we must acknowledge that this hairstyle of Olivia's is more than likely a wig... boo! After all, like with most professional shoots, this music video would have been filmed way in advance making this very micro-fringe a thing of the past.
Nevertheless, there's no denying that Olivia looks as chic and mod as ever with the style... So, to that, we simply say (read: chant) #BringBackTheVampireBangs!
Follow Lia on Instagram.
 Lia Mappoura (she/her) is the Beauty Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from viral celebrity hair and makeup news to the latest trend predictions, she’s an expert in recognising the season’s next big beauty look (before it ends up all over your social media feeds). You’ll usually find her putting TikTok’s recent beauty hacks to the Hype Test, challenging the gender-makeup binary and social stereotypes, or fangirling over the time Kourtney Kardashian viewed her Instagram Story (yes, it’s true). Find her also on LinkedIn.
New Royal pic just dropped! And it's a good'un 
Katy's Mad Men-esque fringe is an immediate yes
Meghan Markle looks gorge in makeup-free vid
Sweat-proof summer makeup sorted
Emma Chamberlain reveals her easy pixie hair hack
Rita Ora's gothic hair makeover is a must see
Zendaya's pixie cut is so Star Trek coded
This is the setting spray Katy Perry used in space
Addison Rae w/ neon pink hair = 😍😍😍
MAFS Awhina undergoes a darker hair transformation
Hailey and Kendall go makeup-free in Coachella vid
Learn all about PURESEOUL's third London store
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.