Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The gift bags from Distinctive Assets, totaled at $36,000, include a meeting with a mentalist, noise-canceling headphones, a red light therapy device and an "all in one" tool to groom pets at-home.

							By 

	Chris Gardner


	It’s Grammy Awards week in Los Angeles, and stars like Billie Eilish, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Luke Combs, Travis Scott and Joni Mitchell will soon be hitting the Crypto.com Arena stage. No matter who wins, the performers as well as the presenters will all be going home with a luxury gift bag from Lash Fary’s Distinctive Assets.

	The Los Angeles-based entertainment marketing company is celebrating a milestone 25-year partnership with the Recording Academy in producing the only official Grammy gifting lounge and the show’s presenter and performer gift bags. “It has been a privilege and honor to have been a small part of music’s biggest night for 25 years,” Fary said. “I believe our gifts are so well received because they range from functional to fabulous while embracing inclusivity and philanthropy.” 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Roberta Flack, Soulful "Killing Me Softly With His Song" Performer, Dies at 88		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Grammy Awards Red Carpet Winners: Chappell Roan, Taylor Swift and Jaden Smith Take the Top Spots		
			








The Hollywood Reporter has learned that the bags are valued at $36,000, and Fary’s team will dole out around 145 bags in total. Distinctive Assets is also mounting a gifting lounge that will be open for three days of rehearsals. Hosted by Tom’s Watch Bar, located at the adjacent L.A. Live, the lounge is presented by Miage Skincare, which will offer a five-piece line of luxury products for a fourth year. 

	Also available in the lounge: Aiper, a cordless robotic pool cleaner; Auro Wellness Glutaryl health and longevity bundles; Cate Brown luxury sustainable throw pillows; top-rated Chilean wines from Frontera; heritage jewelry from Grossé; the Nap Bar’s Better Sleep Box; Oneisall all-in-one pet grooming vacuum blow dryer; Oxygenetix’s oxygenating foundation plus deluxe makeup accessories, vegan leather jackets and cruelty-free outerwear from PETA x Noize; and THOR Kitchen #cooklikeamusicgod welcome packages.

	As for the gift bags, the variety of products inside will include a CardioFitMD from 1MD Nutrition, Mitchell S. Jackson’s book Fly: The Big Book of Basketball Fashion from Artisan Books, portable antimicrobial seats for personal items like purses from BAGCEIT, Banila Co. skincare, Bird Buddy bird feeders, BlendQuik portable blenders, Brownie Points sweet treats, a session with magician and mentalist Carl Reads Minds, sustainable skincare from Danucera, Dyson Zone noise-canceling headphones, products from EpicLight Beauty, exclusive access to the VIP life from FLY LYFE, mini Furby Furblets electronic toys, beauty products by Garnier, serum and spot cream by Goodal, red light therapy by Helight, footwear by HEYDUDE shoes, Vicki Sokolik’s book If You See Them, collagen gummies by iHerb, products from Ilmma Beauty, imPRESS Beauty, Inaru chocolates, skincare by INSTYTUTUM, a variety pack of Karma Nuts, hair products by Kérastase, KISS Products, KUDO Protein Popcorn, functional pancake and waffle mixes by Living Prana, L’Oréal Paris beauty products, and the game Monopoly Knockout. 

	










	The bag continued: products and services from Music Connection, gourmet salt by Nana’s All Purpose Alkaline Seasoning, self-care experience by Nativa SPA, probiotic strawberry “yoggies” by Nature’s Garden, products from NaturGeeks, eight pocket rolling duffel bag from Olympia USA, gold-plated “sing ring” by OOVO, an award-winning smart toy for kids called Orboot by PlayShifu, socks from Pair of Thieves, products from Pardon My Fro, an “every animal is someone” beanie by PETA, beverages by Poppi, a journal from Power of Positivity, a classic bag by Sattaché, items from mental health-focused clothing brand SEE THE WAY I SEE, serum by Serucell, jewelry care items from Shinery, Canadian-made dog and cat superfood called Smack Pet Food, Soapy Faith body oil, skincare by Solawave, a book and information from STEM4Real, classic sweet treats by Sugarfina, items from men’s haircare line The Hair Forge, shampoo and conditioner by TRUSS Professional, products from hair pros Wella Professionals, hair, skin and bodycare from WEN by Chaz Dean, a sleep consultation voucher from Wesper, and an electric sparkling wine openeer from Wine Enthusiast.

	Hosted by Trevor Noah, the Grammys will be held in Los Angeles on Feb. 4, 2024, airing live on CBS and streaming on Paramount+ with Showtime. Founded in 1999, Distinctive Assets specializes in award show swag and has linked up with events such as the Grammys, Latin Grammys, Tony Awards, American Music Awards, Nickelodeon Kids’ Choice Awards, BET Awards, DIVAS Simply Singing, CMA Awards and the Academy of Country Music Awards.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.