25th March 2024Words: Daisy Carter 
Alt-pop chameleon and DIY fave Remi Wolf is back! Her sophomore studio album, ‘Big Ideas’, is due to arrive on 12th July on EMI Records - just after a stint supporting Olivia Rodrigo on the GUTS world tour this Spring, don’t ya know - and we’ve been given a first taste of what to expect via her new earworm single, ‘Cinderella’. 
“‘Cinderella’ is a lyrical collage of the ups and downs and mood swings and transient lifestyle I was experiencing while writing this album”, Remi has shared. “Constant travel and rapid changes led me to feel such a rollercoaster of emotion- moving from feeling really insecure to feeling really good to feeling manic and depressed and then feeling OK again, while desperately craving a grounding figure to tell me I was doing a good job. So, this song was me stepping in as my own fairy godmother telling myself that I was in control.”
Check out the gloriously sunny video for ‘Cinderella’ (which features a cameo from none other than Mac Demarco) here: 
‘Big Ideas’ will act as a follow up to Remi’s acclaimed 2021 debut ‘Juno’, and, as she told us in an interview last month, is “an album of transition” that maintains her thematic focus on interpersonal relationships - all filtered through that distinctive Remi Wolf lens. 
“I think in writing this record, there was no ounce of my life that was grounded except for this one relationship I have which a lot of the record is about”, she commented. “And I love writing about love and the trials and tribulations of love, and of my own mind and living in my own body, so those themes are still running very strong.” 
You can read the full interview - as featured in our February 2024 print mag - below, and listen to Remi’s Before They Knew Better podcast episode here. 
Get tickets to watch Remi Wolf live now.


Tags:
News, Listen, Remi Wolf, Watch

30.06.25 Co-op Live, Manchester
01.07.25 Co-op Live, Manchester
£19.99 
£29.99 
 Best of 2024
Our definitive guide to the year’s best music.
 16th December 2024
 Best of 2024
Our definitive guide to the year’s best music.
 13th December 2024
 Watch
The song features on recent album ​‘Big Ideas’.
 16th August 2024
 Album Review
Remi Wolf — Big Ideas
5 Stars
A record that stands up well against the high bar set by her debut, in both scope and ambition.
 11th July 2024
Get the best of DIY to your inbox each week.
Latest Issue
April 2025
With Djo, Lucy Dacus, Sunflower Bean, Black Country, New Road and more
Read Now
Buy Now
Subscribe to DIY
Advertise with DIY
↑ Back to the top