AN iconic 90s band has announced they will cancel the rest of their shows for 2024 after its lead singer suffered an injury.
In a post on social media, Garbage told fans they were “crushed” by the decision and added: “You know we would push through if we could.”
The group said Shirley Manson was injured on their recent European tour.
A statement released by the band on Instagram, read: “It is with great and sincere regret that we announce the cancellation of all of our remaining dates for the rest of the year, due to an injury that Shirley sustained on our recent tour in Europe that will require surgery and rehabilitation to correct.
“This is not a decision we have taken lightly and we apologise wholeheartedly to our amazing fans and supportive promoters.
“We look forward to playing for you all again in 2025. Sending so much love as always, stay kind.”
The band were due to play Festival Hera in Mexico City on August 24, HFCtival in Washington DC on September 21, and Ohana Festival in Dana Point, California on September 27.
Ohana Festival has wished Manson “a speedy recovery” and announced Garbage will be replaced by Devo on its line up.
It is not known when Manson, 57, sustained the injury, with the last date of the band’s European tour coming at the OVO Arena Wembley in London, on July 20.
A number of fellow musicians replied to the announcement wishing Manson well, including Yeah Yeah Yeahs guitarist Nick Zinner, former Cramps guitarist Kid Congo Powers, and Bikini Kill lead singer Kathleen Hanna.
Powers wrote in reply to the post: “Health comes first, a must. Here’s to a complete recovery.”
Garbage were formed in 1994, when Scottish singer Manson met American band mates Butch Vig, Duke Erikson and Steve Marker, they have gone on to have six UK top 10 singles and six UK top 10 albums.
Their best known songs include Stupid Girl, Only Happy When It Rains and the theme to the 1999 James Bond film, The World Is Not Enough.
©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO)
Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click this link: thesun.co.uk/editorial-complaints/