Rodrigo publicly (and adorably) supported Partridge at the Venice premiere of his Apple TV+ limited series Disclaimer.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


Olivia Rodrigo and Louis Partridge look smitten with one another in new photos from Venice, Italy, where the couple attended festivities together at the 2024 Venice Film Festival.

	Fresh off of the second U.S. leg of her Guts Tour, the “Obsessed” singer-songwriter spent the weekend publicly supporting Partridge at the premiere of his upcoming Apple TV+ limited series Disclaimer, an Alfonso Cuarón-directed psychological thriller starring Cate Blanchett.

	As The Hollywood Reporter notes, the Venice Film Fest marked Rodrigo and Partridge’s debut as a couple at an “official” event. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	They didn’t do a typical red carpet launch at Palazzo del Cinema for Disclaimer‘s Venice premiere on Thursday (Aug. 29), but together they attended a cocktail reception at the Hotel Excelsior, as a well as a post-screening reception at Palazzina Grassi.

	They posed together and were captured in candid moments in select photos that hit the wires from the Venice events, with the actor adorably kissing the top of Rodrigo’s head for one cute photo opp. At another point, Partridge was seen photographing Rodrigo with his own camera.

THR reports Rodrigo was spotted taking a cell phone video of her beau while Disclaimer received a warm, standing ovation at Venice’s Sala Grande cinema. When Partridge took his seat among the show’s cast, he turned to look at Rodrigo; she mimed a sweet kiss in his direction.
Olivia Rodrigo filming boyfriend Louis Partridge at the Venice Film Festival.   pic.twitter.com/L8ZB3Y8xzo

	Over the weekend Partridge also shared a romantic image from Venice of the couple hand-in-hand, and gazing at one another, via a temporary Instagram Story.

	Rumors that Rodrigo and Partridge were dating began to swirl in October 2023, and two months later it seemed the romance was real, thanks to a PDA-filled moment at a gas station. In June, Rodrigo called the Enola Holmes actor “angel boy” in a sweet happy birthday message on Instagram.

Disclaimer, adapted for Apple Studios from the Renée Knight novel of the same name, has Partridge in the role of Jonathan Brigstocke in an ensemble cast featuring Blanchett, Kevin Kline, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, Lesley Manville, Leila George and Hoyeon. The first two episodes are set for an Oct. 11 release on Apple’s streaming service, followed by new episodes every Friday.

	










	Rodrigo, currently on a short break from her world tour, returns to the Guts stage Sept. 15 in Bangkok.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.