By PAUL CHAVEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:47, 10 April 2024   |  Updated:  03:36, 10 April 2024   
 3
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo stepped out in a stylish spring outfit on Tuesday while heading to her sold-out concert at Madison Square Garden in New York City.
The 21-year-old pop singer wore a white, sleeveless floral dress along with tall brown leather boots.
She had her dark brown hair parted down the middle and straight down below her shoulders.
Olivia let her flawless complexion shine with just a hint of makeup including red lipstick and accessorized with black sunglasses.
She also carried a red purse while leaving a hotel in the Greenwich Village area.
Olivia Rodrigo stepped out in a stylish spring outfit on Tuesday while heading to soundcheck at Madison Square Garden in New York City
Olivia is currently on her Guts World Tour of North America and Europe and has a concert on Tuesday at Madison Square Garden.
The tour that started in February spans 77 stops and will conclude in August at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles. Olivia is playing her fourth concert at historic MSG  on Tuesday and her tour will resume on April 30 with the first of two shows in Dublin.
Olivia welcomed Stick Season singer Noah Kahan, 27, on stage with her on Friday night at MSG.
She shared a video clip of the two singers performing his hit song Stick Season.
Olivia's fans often speculate who here emotional lyrics are about, scouring through her past relationships for clues.
However, in 2023, she told The Guardian, 'I never want to say who my songs are about... I've never done that before in my career and probably won’t.'
She added: 'I think it’s better to not pigeonhole a song to being about this one thing.'
The deluxe edition of her sophomore album Guts, featuring five previously unreleased tracks, dropped on March 22. 
The 21-year-old pop singer wore a white, sleeveless floral dress along with tall brown leather boots
Olivia let her flawless complexion shine with just a hint of makeup including red lipstick and accessorized with black sunglasses
She also carried a red purse while leaving a hotel in the Greenwich Village area
Olivia is currently on her Guts World Tour of North America and Europe and has a concert on Tuesday at Madison Square Garden
Among the new songs are Obsessed, Stranger, Scared of My Guitar, Girl I've Always Been, and So American, rumored to be inspired by her boyfriend Louis Partridge.
Their romance first sparked speculation in October after they were seen spending time together in London.
After Olivia released the music video for Obsessed, fans were besides themselves trying to decipher the lyrics.
The rock-tinged Obsessed, and its accompanying video, has the superstar becoming jealous over her new partner's ex girlfriend, as she belts out: 'If I told you how much I think about her / You'd think I was in love.'
Her fixation intensifies as she confesses that she knows the ex's 'star sign' and 'blood type', even envisioning the ex sleeping on her 'side of the bed'.
The singer is shown performing on Friday at Madison Square Garden as part of her Guts World Tour
Olivia, shown in February in Los Angeles, is playing her fourth concert at historic MSG on Tuesday and her Guts World Tour will resume on April 30 with the first of two shows in Dublin
While the ex is never identified, Olivia finally drops a hint that the person in question is an actress.
In the pre-chorus, she sings, 'I've seen every movie she's been in, and, oh God, she's beautiful.'
She later adds: 'She's got those lips, she's got those hips. The life of every f*****' party / She's talented, she's good with kids / She even speaks kindly about me.'
As speculation abounds among fans, some connect the unnamed actress to Sabrina Carpenter, citing their alleged 2022 love triangle with Joshua Bassett.
Adding to the speculation, in 2022, Olivia reportedly dated Zack Bia shortly after his breakup with Outer Banks actress Madelyn Cline.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group