Obviously, you should wear whatever you want. Trends cycle so quickly that something that might not be considered "on trend" now will probably be back within a couple of fashion seasons. 
By the same token, though, dressing with the trends can be fun. Just as we like to feel up-to-date on hot topics and social media crazes, we like to feel on-trend when it comes to clothes as well. 
So, without further ado, here are the trends to expect this spring:
Hyper Feminine styles
With "Barbie" taking over the public consciousness in 2023, aided by the rise of the coquette and "ballet-core" styles, it's no surprise that hyper-feminine styles are popular. There has been a noticeable increase in the usage of fabrics like tulle and lace, as well as feminine colors like pink and purple, leading to a major swing towards more traditionally girlish clothing styles.
Bows
Perhaps the biggest indicator of a swing towards feminine styles is the overwhelming prevalence of bows. Similar to their girly counterparts, they exploded on TikTok with the help of the coquette aesthetic, quickly becoming a meme where people would tie a ribbon onto any object and label it coquette. However, this and other similar memes would soon move into the real world, becoming spotted by celebrities like Olivia Rodrigo and Zöe Kravitz. Now, they are everywhere. In hair, on skirts and dresses, printed on shirts and on clips.
Quiet Luxury
"Quiet Luxury" is a trend defined by its timeless pieces and its ability to look expensive. It consists of high-quality clothing that does not overtly flaunt wealth but can showcase it in an understated way. When thinking about incorporating this trend into your life, think of good-quality loafers, business attire, sweaters and other pieces that come to mind when you think of the "Old Money" aesthetic.
Mini skirts (and shorts)
Mini skirts have been in an on and off cycle of trendiness for several years, but have made a comeback in the past few years. Suddenly, they are dominating both the runways and people's closets. However, their counterparts are also about to have a moment, as runways have been frequented by models wearing extremely short shorts. While the look is bold and requires a certain amount of confidence to wear something extremely skin-bearing, the look is already being incorporated by celebrities such as Hailey Bieber and Sabrina Carpenter. 
Sheer fabrics
Mesh and sheer fabrics are not new, but they sure are trending. Sheer dresses, once only used as cover-ups for swimwear, are suddenly finding a new home on the runways. However, sheer and mesh materials are also being incorporated into day-to-day life in other less daring places, such as layered over a bralette or under a t-shirt. After all, they make for a great piece that adds some extra flare to an outfit. 
Sequins and sparkles 
Sequins had quite a moment in the early 2010s, and they were found on many shirts, sweaters, skirts and dresses. However, they quickly became "gaudy” and were relegated to New Year's Eve attire and prom dresses. But sequins are having a major comeback. Similarly, crystals and other sparkles are making their way into the trend cycle as well, jazzing up any outfit with some glittery details. 
Giant bags
Purse sizes grow and shrink over the years, but this season, they are bigger than ever. They're practical and can hold all of your stuff, even if they might look messy and clunky to some. However, with the right outfit, they can easily be incorporated into any look. 
Light colors
Light colors and spring are a great duo; this year, they dominate runways. However, the cooler colors stand out the most, with lilacs and icy blues making an appearance. Some warmer colors are also being spotlighted, with light pinks having their moment and Peach Fuzz being named Pantone's "2024 Color of the Year." 
@alicia_szcz
as589820@ohio.edu