Highsnobiety's "Not In" City Series, a festival of culture that travels to creative capitals worldwide, is landing in the Big Apple. Not In New York, which coincides with New York Fashion Week, pays homage to the city through themed events, pop-ups, and exclusive collaborations.
Linking up with pioneering forces across hospitality, fashion, music, and gastronomy, we’ve created a vast Not In New York collection that will be released on September 8. All the collaborations will be available at our pop-up at The Standard, High Line, and online from the Highsnobiety Shop. (Want early access? Check out the Highsnobiety iOS App.)
The Standard, High Line has been at the forefront of New York’s hospitality scene for 25 years. Famous for its outstanding service, stunning city views, and vibrant dance floors that have welcomed guests like FKA Twigs, Madonna, and Lil Nas X, The Standard is representative of New York’s storied and luxe party scene. We teamed up with the establishment to create the Not In New York pop-up store, community events, and a new collection featuring hotel-inspired merchandise that puts a twist on its notable logo.
This item is temporarily unavailable in your region due to US tariffs impact.
Blue Note Records is not just a music label, it's the music label that helped play an outsized role in shaping the jazz-music market. Its vast roster of iconic albums includes artists like Art Blakey, Herbie Hancock, John Coltrane, Miles Davis, and Sonny Rollins, a star-studded history that our collaboration with the legendary music label tips its hat to. Alongside a range of T-shirts, we’re teaming up with Blue Note Records for a performance in The Living Room at The Standard, High Line.
Sant Ambroeus is renowned for its quintessentially Milanese menu and high-profile customer base. From the imported kitchen equipment to the custom-branded Ginori plates, everything about Sant Ambroeus is genuine Italian. For our latest collaboration with the restaurant, we created an eight-piece collection of graphic clothing showcasing the restaurant's unique pastries and signature pink color.
This item is temporarily unavailable in your region due to US tariffs impact.
A family company now run by its fourth generation, Paraboot has crafted hand-sewn, traditionally-made shoes in its homeland of France since 1908. We teamed up to create an NY-branded version of its classic leather derbies. 
For over fifty years, XL Extralight has been used by brands searching for an ultra-light, versatile, and durable foam material. It can be found in products by the likes of adidas, Fear of God, and Off-White™️. We’ve utilized the innovative company’s material to reimagine the classic plastic shopping bag. Made in Italy, the understated look of this bag conceals how hi-tech its fabrication is. 
Together with Keen, we’re paying homage to NYC using vibrant colors inspired by the vibes of the city’s many neighborhoods. The brand's Jasper model, an all-terrain shoe based on climbing footwear, is dressed in fuzzy suede and glossy leather for our collaboration — materials never before seen on the Jasper. 
Honey Dijon embodies the spirit of dance music, whether she's DJing at packed events in Ibiza or earning a Grammy for her work with Beyoncé. Bask in Honey Dijon’s 8-hour playlist in The Living Room at The Standard, and remember the moment with our limited-edition tee celebrating the musician’s unique sound.
Marland Backus' bold jewelry is attracting the attention of big names like Doja Cat, Kylie Jenner, Olivia Rodrigo, and more. The Brooklyn-born designer has created a limited-edition necklace and bracelet for Not In New York that celebrates the Big Apple.
Our latest Not In New York collection emphasizes themes of mobility, connectivity, and the shared experiences that characterize the city’s spirit. We’ve crafted an in-house line of graphic tees, hoodies, and accessories highlighting the individual stories that emerge within this bustling metropolis. 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.