The weather may be a little unpredictable, but big name water bottle brand Stanley are bringing shoppers some much needed sunshine with their latest colour launch - the heatwave collection. Featuring vibrant pops of orange, red and turquoise, you can now get your tumbler in Tropical Teal, Chili and Golden Rod. 
We're predicting this collection will be a popular one so if you have your eye on any of the new hues, we wouldn't delay in adding them to your basket. Your ultimate summer side-kick designed to keep your drink ice cold for up to two days, the 1.2 litre bottle should help you reach your hydration goals with fewer refills.
Whether you're sipping your beverage poolside, or keeping it on your desk while you work, the £44.99 tumbler has built up a reputation as being one of the most stylish water bottles around. The new colours don’t just come in the tumbler, but across the Iceflow Flip Straw Tumbler, too. Retailing for £42.99, it's ideal for commutes or workouts as it can be snapped shut and is fully leakproof. 
READ MORE: 'I've tried every stain remover to get sun cream out of swimwear – this is what really works'
READ MORE: Beauty shoppers say Ariana Grande's Cloud EDP smells 'just like' £355 scent loved by Molly-Mae
Stanley cups have been the water bottle of choice for many celebrities including Molly-Mae Hague, Adele, Olivia Rodrigo and Shania Twain who recently sported her Lilac Quencher Tumbler on stage at Glastonbury. The new heatwave collection is currently only available to buy directly through the Stanley website, however alternative colours are stocked at Lakeland, JD Sports and Amazon. 
The Stanley Quencher has received glowing who say that it's one of their 'best purchases'. One person wrote on the Stanley website: "I have wanted a Stanley Quencher ever since I saw my sisters. I am notoriously bad at drinking water but NY resolution was to improve that. I’ve gone from drinking very little water to having over 2L per day. The Quencher is robust, the quality is amazing and I wouldn’t have anything else now. It also keeps my water cold from 6:30am until the early evening. Yes they are expensive, but for me it was well worth the extra cost."
A second happy customer confirmed that it is as pretty as it is practical, saying: "Now I'm literally shocked, I recently got a Stanley and I'm in love! It's given me motivation to drink more even though it's a cup. I've literally had people come up to me saying that my cup looks amazing! I'm so happy I got this and it was so worth it. It's a 5 stars from me!"
A third added: "I have two of these (charcoal and cream) when I say that I take this cup everywhere I mean everywhere, work, school run, friends' houses, even fill it up before bed and it’s still cold the next morning. Highly recommend this cup. So worth the hype around them even if the price point is a bit high worth every penny."
However, a few customers have pointed out that the £44.99 price tag is on the expensive side. For a cheaper alternative, this tumbler cup is a steal for such a similar style, costing £12.99 on Amazon. The Ocean Bottle is another popular pick - and for every sale of the £35 bottle, 1,000 plastic bottles are stopped from entering the ocean.