From Olivia Rodrigo to Rachel Chinouriri, you're gonna be obsessed
*Major spoilers for season 3 of Heartstopper below!*
Just like the iconic leaves falling in specific scenes to the tender moments between Nick and Charlie, Heartstopper's soundtrack is incredible unique to the show and something that you don't want to miss. And with all the party scenes this season, there are plenty of songs that will definitely get stuck in your head as you watch. From Olivia Rodrigo's 'good 4 u' to 'I’m Not Perfect (But I’m Trying)' by Rachel Chinouriri and even Troye Sivan's 'Rush,' your playlist will thank you when you add these tracks to them.
Here are all the songs that appear in season three of Heartstopper and its soundtrack.
Playing as the episode starts.
Playing as everyone runs to the beach.
Playing as Tao and Elle go on their date together.
Playing as they are building sandcastles.
Playing when Nick and Charlie jump in the water together.
Playing in the background as Tao is cooking for Elle.
Playing as Charlie is sitting in Nick's room.
Playing as Nick and Charlie kiss outside.
Playing as the episode starts.
Playing as everyone gets their test results.
Playing in Charlie's room as he's scrolling through Instagram. 
Playing as Nick is sitting by the pool at night.
Playing in Darcy's room as they hang out with Elle and Tara.
Playing as Nick admits to his Aunt Diane what is going on with Charlie.
Playing as everyone heads back to school. 
Playing as Nick and Charlie meet up again at school.
Playing as Tao and Elle message each other. 
Playing when Nick gets his birthday surprise.
Playing as Nick and Charlie head back to Charlie's house.
Playing as the episode starts.
Playing as Nick journals for the first time.
Playing as Nick shows up at the party.
Playing as Nick starts drinking at the party.
Playing as Charlie spots Imogen and Sahar making out. 
Playing when Imogen is throwing up.
Playing during the party sequence.
Playing during the party sequence. 
Playing during the party sequence.
Playing when Nick visits Charlie.
Playing when Charlie is being driven to the facility.
Playing as the episode starts.
Playing when the group chat starts up during the holiday.
Playing as Charlie leaves to go to Nick's.
Playing when Nick and Charlie join the party.
Playing as Nick gets ready for the New Year's party.
Playing as Nick and Charlie walk into the party.
Playing at the party.
Playing as Tao and Elle dance.
Playing as Nick and Charlie sit outside by the fire.
Playing as the fireworks are being set off.
Playing as Charlie's party gets started.
Playing as the party heads outside.
Playing during the party montage.
Playing during the party montage.
Playing as the older friends start talking about their university plans.
Playing when Charlie is in therapy.
Playing as the episode starts.
Playing as Tara and Darcy make out in Darcy's room.
Playing when Nick and Charlie are in the changing room before the rugby game.
Playing when Tao shows Elle the video he made for her.
Playing when Nick and Charlie start making out.
Playing when Charlie starts walking down the hallway at school.
Playing as Nick, Tara, and Imogen head off on their road trip.
Playing as the touring group is in Oxford.
Playing as the touring group is in Leeds.
Playing as Charlie fills out the Head Boy application.
Playing as everyone has fun at the festival.
Playing as Nick and Charlie make out.
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
Why do people stay with cheating partners?
All the YOU season 5 plot holes
Cheat: Unfinished Business cast - Our verdict
Are we complicit in Joe’s crimes on YOU?
The ending of Netflix's Havoc explained
Netflix's The Four Seasons release date
Emma lands major role in Greta's Narnia remake
Penn 'fought to be as naked as possible' in You
Netflix's YOU season 5 ending explained
You season 5 cast: Full character guide
Where to shop the best Ransom Canyon outfits
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.