By JESSICA JANES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  19:32, 29 August 2024   |  Updated:  21:29, 29 August 2024   
 8
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo turned heads as she made her red carpet debut with Louis Partridge at Venice Film Festival's premiere of Disclaimer on Thursday. 
The singer, 21, who was first linked to the actor in October 2023, has kept her romance on the private side - until today when the pair were spotted making their way through the festival together. 
The vampire hitmaker looked nothing short of sensational as she cut an elegant figure in a semi-sheer black floral gown. 
The stylish ensemble boasted spaghetti shoulder straps, a scoop neckline, and a floral detail at the bust. 
Olivia added inches to her frame with a pair of strappy heels and toted her essentials around in a black clutch bag with a silver diamante closure. 
Olivia Rodrigo turned heads as she made her red carpet debut with Louis Partridge at Venice Film Festival's premiere of Disclaimer on Thursday
The singer, 21, who was first linked to the actor in October 2023, has often kept her romance on the private side
Until today when the IT couple were spotted making their way through the festival together holding hands 
To complete her red carpet look, the beauty further accessorised with a pair of cat-eye shades and wore a bold red lip as she arrived at the festival. 
Meanwhile, her boyfriend Louis, 21, who stars as Jonathan in the captivating thriller series, looked incredibly dapper as he sported a black single-breasted blazer. 
He teamed the blazer with a crisp white shirt and sported a pair of tailored trousers as he put his arm around Olivia's waist for snaps. 
Their glamorous appearance comes after the couple confirmed their blossoming romance in December with a steamy makeout session in New York City. 
While pumping their car with petrol, the lovebirds couldn't keep their hands off each other as Louis playfully grabbed her behind and Olivia wrapped her arms around his neck.
The three-time Grammy winner looked blissfully in love as they passionately kissed before spending the rest of the afternoon walking around the Big Apple and taking selfies together.
Louis joined the cast of the upcoming psychological thriller series in May and joined the likes of series lead Cate Blanchett, Kevin Kline, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, and Hoyeon. 
Based on the novel of the same name by Renee Knight, Disclaimer will star Cate as Catherine Ravenscroft, a successful and respected television documentary journalist whose work has been built on revealing the concealed transgressions of long-respected institutions. 
The vampire hitmaker looked nothing short of sensational as she cut an elegant figure in a semi-sheer black floral gown
The stylish ensemble boasted spaghetti shoulder straps, a scoop neckline, and a floral detail at the bust
However, when an intriguing novel written by a widower (Kevin) appears on her bedside table, she is horrified to realise she is a key character in a story that she had hoped was long buried in her past. 
Louis will play the role of Jonathan Brigstocke, a teenager on his gap year travelling through Italy who allows himself to give in to his deeper desires with unexpected consequences. 
The series deals with shaming, families, and secrets and lies, and the delight of the mob in pointing the finger.
Catherine Ravenscroft has a doting husband, played by Sacha Baron Cohen, and a son, played by Kodi Smit-McPhee, who seems to hate her.
Cate said that she had tried to harness the 'power of judgement' in her portrayal of the journalist, noting: 'Almost as soon as you meet her and you know nothing about her you hear what other people say about her.'
Olivia added inches to her frame with a pair of strappy heels and toted her essentials around in a black clutch bag with a silver diamante closure
Meanwhile, her boyfriend Louis, 21, who stars as Jonathan in the captivating thriller series, looked incredibly dapper as he sported a black single-breasted blazer
Their glamorous appearance comes after the couple confirmed their blossoming romance in December with a steamy makeout session in New York City 
Louis joined the cast of the upcoming psychological thriller series in May and joined the likes of series lead Cate Blanchett, Kevin Kline, Sacha Baron Cohen, Kodi Smit-McPhee, and Hoyeon
Based on the novel of the same name by Renee Knight, Disclaimer will star Cate as Catherine Ravenscroft, a respected television documentary journalist whose work has been built on revealing the concealed transgressions of long-respected institutions
However, when an intriguing novel written by a widower (Kevin) appears on her bedside table, she is horrified to realise she is a key character in a story that she had hoped was long buried in her past
'It was a challenge not to reveal too much. It was almost like she was a glass of water into which other characters and the audience projected.'
'The people who transposed their judgement onto the character knew nothing about her at all.'
'She is a woman who has a very fractured relationship with her son and consequently, her husband doesn’t understand her view. In families, people can live their lives quite independently. You often think you understand your family members but do not.'
'When you meet Catherine she has an impeccable reputation for doing the right thing and being on the right side of things but … there are secrets and lies which we tell ourselves.'
The Apple TV+ series will be available to watch on the streaming giant from October 11. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group