"I think that the vice president and soon-to-be president should have her name pronounced correctly"
Idina Menzel has addressed the issue of mispronouncing names while supporting Kamala Harris ahead of the presidential election.
The actress and singer took to her official Instagram account to share a video PSA explaining and demonstrating how to correctly pronounce the Vice President’s name ahead of the election next month.
“You have to get the pronunciation of Kamala Harris correct,” she said, standing outside addressing the camera. “It’s getting really exhausting. It’s Kamala, like a comma. ‘Comma-la.’”
A post shared by Idina Menzel (@idinamenzel)
“I tend to be an expert on pronunciations of names, since mine is always screwed up, as you know, and not just as ‘Adele Dazeem’. People call me Indiana, ‘Eye-dina’ … I was just at an event in Oklahoma, and they called me ‘Ay-deena Menzul.’ I think that the vice president and soon-to-be president should have her name pronounced correctly.”
The ‘Let It Go’ singer was referring back to the time when John Travolta called her the wrong name at the 2014 Oscars. The Saturday Night Fever actor accidentally called Menzel ‘Adele Dazeem’ at the ceremony while introducing her onto the stage ahead of her performance that year.
Earlier this year, she took the time to jokingly celebrate the 10th anniversary of the viral moment by taking to her TikTok to share a video of herself singing ‘Happy Birthday’ to ‘Adele Dazeem’.
The presidential election will take place on Tuesday (November 5). Recently, Jon Bon Jovi announced his endorsement of Harris as the next President of the United States with a music video for the song ‘The People’s House’.
The likes of Neil Young, Stevie Wonder, Michael Stipe, Billie Eilish, Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Beyoncé, Megan Thee Stallion, P!nk, Bon Iver, Quavo, Bruce Springsteen and Olivia Rodrigo are all also supporting Harris and backing the Harris-Walz campaign ahead of the November 5 election.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.