ByDahvi Shira
ByDahvi Shira,
 Contributor. 
Lifestyle image of Stila Cosmetics Smudge & Set eyeliner collection
Innovative, daring and darling Stila Cosmetics dominated contemporary prestige beauty in the ‘90s and early aughts. Counting Blake Lively, Jennifer Garner and Lea Michele among its many it-girl fans over time, the brand rose during an era when cutting-edge MAC Cosmetics and Urban Decay were on the tips of every makeup enthusiast’s tongue.
Stila can credit its success to a slew of culture-defining formulations, including the Stay All Day Waterproof Liquid Eye Liner—which continues to rank as the No. 1 liquid eyeliner brand in the U.S. and Canada, according to a Circana insight report ran by the brand.
“Stila was a big defining aspect of ‘90s beauty,” said 15-year pro makeup artist Molly Greenwald, who counts Olivia Rodrigo, Chloë Sevigny, Ayo Ederbi and Tracee Ellis Ross as regular clients. “The branding was so ultimately ‘90s—extremely youthful, stylish, minimal yet playful.”
Greenwald went on to reference the brand’s Convertible Color Dual Lip & Cheek Cream, a “first-of-its-kind, often duplicated innovation”—along with its 35-shade Stay All Day Liquid Lipstick, which she considers an original makeup kit staple.
“They invented a category of cream blush,” Greenwald said in a chat for this article. “You see it everywhere now, but they were the first to do it. They were also one of the first to go for an infallible liquid longwear, waterproof eyeliner.”
Founded by makeup artist Jeanine Lobell in 1994, the name Stila was derived from the Swedish word "stil," which means "style." Lobell is no longer actively involved with the brand, and went on to launch high-performance clean makeup line Neen in 2022. During her heyday with Stila, however, the brand was ahead of the curve and seemingly unstoppable.
“In this era, the brand felt very much like a trailblazer,” Greenwald raved. “It wasn’t in your face either, it was subtle. They just did things before anyone else. It was a line clearly based in artistry for its functionality. You can tell it was made by an artist because there’s not a lot of fluff. Everything was such great quality.”
At a time when rising brands could be scared to experiment with pigment or bold shades, Stila was never afraid to make a statement.
“We were born backstage,” Stila’s Chief Marketing Officer, Mary Rodrigues said during a Zoom interview for this article. “Stila really was created to have that high performance. It could withstand the bright lights. It could withstand having to be in front of the camera. That's where the Stay All Day name came from, which is trademarked and one of our largest franchises. It really means that the product is going to perform.”
With the world of color cosmetics once at its fingertips, by 2024, the year of its 30th anniversary, Stila didn’t paint the picture of a flourishing brand. In fact, even up to summer 2024, the picture was quite bare. It got to a point where the brand even cracked jokes on Instagram about its apparent disappearance, accompanied by the hashtag #stilahere. It didn’t help matters that Sephora, the beacon of beauty, stopped showcasing Stila with a branded, in-store gondola several years prior (the brand is still featured on Sephora.com). Stila’s sudden disappearance from the beauty zeitgeist over the last decade has been one of makeup’s biggest mysteries.
Change, however, could potentially be attributed to new ownership, which the brand has experienced since Estée Lauder Companies bought Stila in 1999. Since then, Sun Capital Partners, Inc. took over in 2006, leading to Patriarch Partners, LLC ownership in 2009, to a consortium of financial institutions in the present.
“One of the things I found most fascinating when I joined the team was just the lack of collaboration with the industry, with influencers, with content creators,” the brand’s CEO Michelle Kluz said during Rodrigues’ same Zoom interview. “And because of that, all of the communication was really just coming from the brand—and the brand was very quiet. I knew I needed to change that, first and foremost. I found that in [the year before I joined], we posted two videos on YouTube and we [posted inconsistently] on TikTok. Once I joined, we did some consumer research and found that those were the two most important channels for people to either learn makeup tips or to find out about new brands. And so I knew very quickly that's one of the reasons why people ask where Stila's been.”
Kluz, who is also the founder of Urban Savage luxury activewear, signed on with Stila in August 2022. The lifestyle veteran has been recognized for reinvigorating well-established brands like Pure Barre. She was hired at Stila several months before Rodrigues, the former Senior Vice-President of marketing and e-commerce for RéVive skincare.
“You know, when we started, my team began reaching out to influencers,” Rodrigues shared. “We were like, hey, let's do some marketing. Let's have an influencer marketing strategy. That's pretty easy. But because we’d been quiet for so long, it was crickets. Nobody wanted to work with us. People didn't even respond. People actually said no.”
Before the women came on board, there was seemingly an internal idea that the brand could thrive on legacy alone.
“There was a period from the mid 2010s to 2023 or so in which there was much more limited investment in marketing,” Rodrigues explains. “Products were launched, but the investment to create buzz and awareness for them was missing.”
With everything going for Stila in recent years except brand awareness, Kluz and Rodrigues knew it was a no-brainer to jump on the opportunity to turn things around. Luckily for the brand, the impact of both of their involvement has been swift.
“We started bringing our voice out,” Rodrigues said. “We started talking about our branding. What was remarkable is that then these conversations became very easy. Then we had major creators want to work with us. People started reaching out to us. We hadn't done PR events, and we know how important that is. So, we started to have those conversations.”
From August 2024 and on, it’s apparent with one glance that Stila’s Instagram strategy has changed. And the brand finally got serious about TikTok, posting consistent tips, tricks, and looks that demonstrate the real potential of the products. The account boasts a solid 90,000 followers, with select videos reaching up to 1 million views (hello, neon eyeliner!).
“We had more and more creators want to work with us and come to our events,” Rodrigues said. “Like, literally ask, can I get an invitation? Makeup artists, too. Makeup artistry is such a huge part of our brand, and we’d been quiet with the professional makeup artist industry for so, so long. I mean, we just hosted an event where we had makeup artists come to learn about our new launch before it launched. And they were thrilled. They could tell the brand had changed. They could tell by the formulations. It's just been really amazing to see that groundswell of people happy to see that Stila is still here.”
If anyone can speak to reformulations and the legendary impact of the brand, it’s Stila’s longtime Global Beauty Director and Head of Artistry, Charlie Riddle—who has also been working closely with the brand’s product development team.
“Stila keeps reinventing the wheel by blending innovation with a deep understanding of beauty trends and consumer needs,” Riddle explained for this piece. “What I love about the 2024 formulas is the versatility and multi-use aspect. Also, the shade ranges are modern and extremely wearable. I’ve now been able to bring personal insight to the brand regarding color trends and what I’m seeing with fashion and celebrity culture.”
Riddle’s years-long relationship with Stila has helped him develop a mutual trust with the brand, which allows him to successfully call many of the shots.
“I feel very lucky to have a voice as an artist to give feedback on formula and product,” he said. “The first question I always ask when we’re working on a new product is, would I want this in my kit? Stila's formulas are particularly enjoyable to work with for me because of the longwear performance. Yet, they still feel comfortable and easy to use. Because we have so many multi-use products, it’s also easy for me to show clients how far they can stretch a product's use.”
Since moving past the “Where Has Stila Been?” hump on Instagram, the brand is full speed ahead and better than ever. Speaking of IG, they proudly boast 3.3 million followers on the app. They also saw success with their 10-shade Stay All Day Smudge & Set Waterproof Gel Eye Liner, which they consider their biggest launch this year. The drop was a timely nod to the rise of bottom eyeliner and gel eyeliner to create a lived-in look (a la Jenna Ortega and Billie Eilish). The brand also re-owned its best-selling, 11-shade liquid eyeliner—a product that commenters praised on Instagram even amid the brand’s so-called disappearance. The cult-favorite landed Stila a 2024 Allure Best of Beauty award for Best Waterproof Liquid Eyeliner.
Stila even recently hopped on a critical pop-culture moment at the 2024 MTV VMAs, when Tate McRae appeared on the red carpet, wearing the iconic lace black dress Britney Spears wore to the same show in 2001. The “It’s ok I’m ok” singer sported a sultry, smokey eye look applied by celebrity makeup artist Lilly Keys, using all Stila products.
ELMONT, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 11: Tate McRae attends the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards at UBS Arena on September 11, 2024 in Elmont, New York. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for MTV)
Participating in something they hadn’t done in years, the brand was also the featured makeup partner at NYFW for the Cynthia Rowley show.
“We pulled away from doing all of that backstage beauty,” Kluz said of recent years. “So we hadn't done anything for fashion week in a really long time. And that's something that was activated pretty quickly after I joined. And now it’s something that Mary has really owned and taken to the next level. She’s thought through how to work with relevant designers to create something that melds visions between the designer and the artistry that Stila can bring to the runway.”
For Riddle, it felt like being home. “I absolutely love Cynthia,” he said. “We’ve known each other for many years, and it was great being reunited for this particular season. Working with her is always an inspiring experience. Her approach to design is incredibly innovative, blending bold prints and playful elements with an effortless sense of sophistication. She has an infectious energy and a clear vision, which made the collaboration both exciting and challenging in the best way.”
Backstage image of model getting ready to walk Cynthia Rowley runway at NYFW, getting made up with Stila Cosmetics
Stila has also completely embraced its retail partnership with Ulta Beauty, which was an initial surprise to longtime fans who shopped them in stores at Sephora.
“We enjoy full distribution at Ulta Beauty, and growth with them as their footprint expands,” Kluz shared. “In my first year with the brand, we identified the need for a best-in-class field team to fuel and support Ulta Beauty. In a short period, we doubled our field size, recruiting new talent across field and commercial teams, and re-engaged with some true Stila stars that were furloughed during the pandemic. Our strategy now is to be much higher touch in stores to engage directly with guests. In fact, we’ve more than doubled the number of weekend events at Ulta Beauty stores.”
As Stila goes into 2025 holding its head high, the brand is ready for its next chapter. It promises to evolve with the times, while staying true to the formulas and bold yet playful personality that initially made it a household name.
“We’re not a terribly minimalistic brand, and we continue to move away from that,” Kluz said, acknowledging Stila’s disruption of the current beauty landscape. “We're also not hard-edged or very urban. We’re a more friendly, more inviting and more personable brand. We’re more understandable, and that comes through in some of our packaging. We continue to bring a kind of playfulness, and that whimsy, if you remember the original Stila drawings. It was, you know, a lot of girls and a couple of guys. We're trying to find ways to bring that whimsy back without directly copying the past. We don't want to copy the past. We want to bring what that brought to the brand, and evolve from that in a modern and relevant way.”