It appears that the Cyrus family feud might have been new news to Miley Cyrus amid claims she was unaware of the drama.
The Grammy Award winning singer reportedly had "no idea" that there was any alleged drama between her mum Tish Cyrus and her younger sister Noah Cyrus. It was revealed earlier this week that Noah, 24, had a relationship with Prison Break actor Dominic Purcell, 54, before he married Tish, 56.
Reports claim that Noah was seeing the actor in a "friends with benefits way, off and on" and that Miley had security outside her Malibu house where Tish and Dominic got married last summer to make sure Noah didn't show up. But now sources are claiming that Miley had no idea at all.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Miley Cyrus puts bitter family feud behind her in near-naked Brit Award appearance
"Miley had no idea about the drama with Dominic. No idea at all," a source told PEOPLE, "She confronted her mom about it. She thinks it’s a strange situation, but she loves her mom and wants her to be happy."
The 31-year-old singer might have been distracted with other things this week as she won a Brit Award this past weekend for International Song of the Year for her song Flowers. She beat out artists like Billie Eilish, Doja Cat, Olivia Rodrigo, Meghan Trainor, and more.
And while it seems that Miley didn't know about the past between Noah and Dominic, apparently Tish knew all about it. Noah was reportedly "offended" when Tish started seeing a man she used to be with.
Another source told PEOPLE: "Noah and Dominic were seeing each other in a friends with benefits way, off and on. They stopped seeing each other and then Tish started something up, Tish knew he had been seeing Noah."
Tish also apparently "never gave Noah the chance to talk about all of this before they got married," according to that source. The mum of five bragged on the Call Me Daddy podcast about how Dominic would DM her on Instagram, but because she's not technologically savvy, she didn't see it.
Tish told the podcast host that she loved Dominic on Prison Break and he was her "hall pass" while she was married to Billy Ray Cyrus. She reached out to him and the two went on a date that led to a whirlwind romance. The two announced their engagement last August and then got married that August.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.