Sabrina Carpenter is back for another date at this year's BST Hyde Park.
Sabrina Carpenter is set to headline a second night at London's BST Hyde Park after her first performance sold out in mere minutes.
The Espresso singer will now perform on Saturday 5th and Sunday 6th July, joined by special guests Clairo and Olivia Dean.
This comes as part of a packed summer schedule at the London park which also includes headline shows from Olivia Rodrigo, Hugh Jackman, Noah Kahan and more.
This show will also follow Sabrina's Short n' Sweet tour, which will be heading all over the UK throughout March 2025.
If you missed out on tickets for this the first time, now is your chance to grab a spot. Here's how you can get your hands on some.
Buy Sabrina Carpenter BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
Sabrina Carpenter isn't the only one headlining a show in London this year; here's how you can get Pitbull tickets and Dom Joly's Trigger Happy TV Live tickets. 
Sabrina Carpenter has now added a second BST Hyde Park date, taking place this July. Here's the dates for the two shows:
Tickets for BST Hyde Park are tiered depending on when they're released. Here's a full list of ticket types and prices:
Buy Sabrina Carpenter BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
General sale opens at 10am on Monday 24th February.
Buy Sabrina Carpenter BST Hyde Park tickets at Ticketmaster
If you want to take your concert experience to the next level, one of the best ways to do that is by purchasing a VIP package.
Not only can you opt for VIP packages on the Ticketmaster website, Keith Prowse also offers VIP packages for Sabrina Carpenter at BST Hyde Park.
Some of the benefits the packages feature include elevated stage views, as well as food and drinks, and access to the VIP terrace. Different packages include different benefits and come in a range of prices.
Buy Sabrina Carpenter VIP tickets from £495 at Keith Prowse
Sign up for our Going Out newsletter to receive the latest updates on new ticket releases, plus inspiration for how to spend your weekend.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Make sure you also check out how to get Drake at Wireless tickets. Plus Carabao Cup 2025 final tickets and British Grand Prix tickets.
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!