'50 Years of SNL Music' is set to premiere on NBC on January 27, 2025. 

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

	Live from New York, it’s 50 Years of SNL Music—a documentary by Questlove. 

Deadline announced on Thursday (Dec. 19) that the award-winning artist would be directing the forthcoming documentary, which is set to premiere on NBC on Monday (Jan. 27)—just before SNL’s 50th anniversary celebration.

	The documentary is set to explore the comedy show’s relationship with music. In what is detailed as a “legendary gig for musicians and bands,” the SNL documentary will run through the evolution of the show’s musical performances and untold stories about some of its most iconic musical moments. 

NBC’s documentary will be a three-hour special and feature appearances and interviews from Mick Jagger, Dua Lipa, Darryl DMC McDaniels, Tom Morello, Kacey Musgraves, Olivia Rodrigo, Miley Cyrus, Billie Eilish & Finneas, Dave Grohl, Debbie Harry & Chris Stein, MC Sha-Rack, Paul Simon, Chris Stapleton, Justin Timberlake, Lee Ving, Bad Bunny, DJ Breakout, Elvis Costello and Jack White.

	









A post shared by Questlove (@questlove)

Ladies & Gentlemen…50 Years of SNL Music will be executive produced by Thompson, Jon Kamen, Meredith Bennett, Alexander H. Browne, Shawn Gee & Tariq Trotter, while Rodriguez is the project’s producer.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					VIBE And Onyx Collective Celebrate Questlove And 'Sly Lives!' Doc At Sundance Cover Party		
			







	Questlove spoke about the upcoming project and what fans could expect from the new doc exploring SNL’s musical history. Thompson expressed his gratitude for the opportunity and excitement for everyone to see the “incredible archival footage” in the documentary.

	“Everyone knows the most famous SNL appearances, whether it’s Elvis Costello, Prince or the Beastie Boys, but they’re the tip of a huge iceberg,” Thompson said. “The process of going back through the incredible archival footage was like being in a time machine, DeLorean or other. I’m so happy I went on the trip and now get to share it with everyone.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.