American pop sensation Olivia Rodrigo is used to catching the world's attention. But the 21-year-old has now been photographed in one of the most unlikely places.
The former Disney star, who has since won an army of fans after releasing a string of hits including Good 4 U, was spotted in the North Wales seaside town of Llandudno. During a short break, she was spotted at the Ormo Lounge bar and restaurant.
She was also seen shopping at Marks & Spencer, where she posed for selfie with store worker Rose, North Wales Live reports. Her appearance shocked people in the town, with M&S staff admitting her visit was 'not on our bingo card'.
READ MORE: Ex-ice hockey player and TV extra tells trial he understands why people may have 'a lot of hatred' for him after admitting sexual offences against children
The selfie was shared on the M&S Llandudno Facebook page. A store spokesperson said: "Olivia Rodrigo visiting our store was not on our 2024 bingo card. Our Customer assistant Rose had the pleasure of meeting pop star Olivia Rodrigo in M&S Parc Llandudno today!"
The photo left many wondering why the American musician and actor had ended up in North Wales. She is dating actor Louis Partridge, who has Welsh and English family.
He was raised in London, but it is understood his family would holiday in Llandudno so it may that he wanted to show his partner the places that are important to him. He was seen at her side in the Ormo Lounge.
Responding to the M&S post on Facebook, one person said: "Well done Rose for getting a pic. I would have been too starstruck - I bet she loved meeting you." Another added: "Couldn't be in better hands than Rose."
One person asked why she was here, and another responded: "Her boyfriend used to come here with his parents.. so he thought he would bring his girlfriend." She replied: "That makes sense! Thought she was too big to be popping up in Venue Cymru."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.