By PANDORA AMORATIS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:30, 6 December 2024   |  Updated:  00:45, 6 December 2024   
View  comments
Polka dots are making a major comeback.
Just recently we saw Olivia Rodrigo on the New York City subway in a figure-flattering black and white spotted dress that fell below the knee.
The singer-songwriter gave her frock a a youthful spin with Stuart Weitzman Mary Jane heels, Rainbow K jewelry, and a leopard Kurt Geiger shoulder bag.
The trend falls in line with the growing desire for vintage-inspired fashions and statement-making designs.
The retro print was featured in multiple fall designer collections, including Balmain, Marc Jacobs and Stella McCartney.
The resurgence reflects polka dots' versatility -  they can easily transition between playful, casual looks - à la Olivia - and sophisticated, timeless ensembles.
Chrissy Teigen was spotted outside The Bowery Hotel in the East Village looking sensational in a whimsical polka dot dress featuring romantic ruffles.
The supermodel topped her frock with a black blazer coat and satin pumps. 
Polka dots are making a major comeback. Just recently we saw Olivia Rodrigo on the New York subway in a figure-flattering black and white spotted dress that fell below the knee
Polka dots have a timeless appeal and a retro charm, and they can be styled in a number of ways.
Anna Wintour was spotted sitting front row at the Marc Jacobs show in a red and white polka dot dress, accessorized with a medley of necklaces.
Image architect Law Roach attended The Fashion Awards 2024 Presented by Pandora at the Royal Albert Hall in a black pantsuit paired with a black and white polka dot button-down shirt.
Emma Brooks walked the carpet of the 19th annual L'Oreal Paris Women of Worth Celebration wearing an off-the-shoulder blouse and pencil skirt featuring polka dots in varying sizes.
Meredith Duxbury and Ubah Hassan took the trend for a spin with bold sheer tights.
The singer-songwriter gave her frock a a youthful spin with Stuart Weitzman Mary Jane heels, Rainbow K jewelry, and a leopard Kurt Geiger shoulder bag
The retro print was featured on multiple fall designer runways, including Balmain, Marc Jacobs and Stella McCartney 
Anna Wintour was spotted sitting front and center at the Marc Jacobs show in a red and white polka dot dress.
Polka dots have a timeless appeal and a retro charm, and they can be styled a number of ways
Polka dots are trending this season because they can fit into both modern and vintage-inspired aesthetics.
Black and white dots are classic and easy to style.
Just add pops of color through accessories like red shoes, hot pink lipstick or a bright yellow handbag.
Small dots are ideal for dresses or blouses, while oversize prints look great with statement-making pieces like outerwear or skirts. 
For an unexpected yet harmonious look, pair a polka-dot piece with complementary prints like stripes, florals, or animal prints.
Polka dots also look great when paired with texture.
A leather jacket, chunky knit cardigan or structured blazer all add dimension without taking the focus off of the print. 
Emma Brooks also took the look to the red carpet wearing an off-the-shoulder blouse and pencil featuring polka dots in varying sizes
Meredith Duxbury and Ubah Hassan took the trend for a spin with bold sheer tights.
Elizabeth Olsen's vintage-inspied polka-dot look was charming

	    Share what you think
          
No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts,
      or debate this issue live on our message boards.
      

By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group