Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
There is no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to beauty, especially when we're talking about hair care. Whether your hair is thick, curly, thin, straight or anywhere in between, it probably requires a specific regimen — one that likely took a lot of trial and error — to keep it looking its best.
Hair care can be expensive, so we wanted to help you find the right items without having to buy a bunch of potentially disappointing products first. In order to 
do that, TODAY.com and Shop TODAY staffers tried hundreds of different hair products — ranging from hair dryers to leave-in treatments and shampoos to heat protectants — for our second-ever Shop TODAY Beauty Awards in order to determine which ones actually deliver.
Whether you want to treat your tresses and splurge on premium hair care or stick with budget-friendly picks, keep reading to see all 34 of the hair products that won our seal of approval — starting at less than $6!
Winner: Best overall shampoo for dandruff and dry scalp
Award: Best overall shampoo for dandruff and dry scalp | Score: 4.83/5
“So, so good,” social media video producer Peyton Young raves. “I’ve tried other anti-dandruff shampoos but this is by far my favorite. I love the clean scent, reminds me of a spa or fancy hotel products. It doesn’t feel medicinal like other dandruff shampoos can feel. Ouai’s just feels like a really nice shampoo that happens to have anti-dandruff properties, and I really love that. My hair also felt so soft after using. Would highly recommend.”
Winner: Best budget shampoo for dandruff and dry scalp
Award: Best budget shampoo for dandruff and dry scalp | Score: 4.67/5
Speaking from personal experience, this one's worth every penny. For 25 blissful years, I never struggled with dandruff — but this past winter, I noticed flakes near my roots that kept coming back. I was weirdly embarrassed adding an anti-dandruff shampoo to my cart on Amazon, but I was convinced to give this a try because of the thousands of ratings and great price point. 
Within a couple uses, I noticed a huge difference in the itchiness and flaking in my hair. It takes me a while longer to create a lather with this compared to my usual shampoo, but I followed the instructions and did a double shampoo each time I used it for eight weeks. It’s been about a month since I last used it, but I’m glad to report that my dandruff hasn’t returned! I have a lot of hair and got through the bottle pretty quickly, especially since I had to shampoo twice, but I can say it really worked for me.
Winner: Best overall shampoo for frizz-prone hair
Award: Best overall shampoo for frizz-prone hair | Score: 4.67/5
“I’ve been a fan of Redken hair products for years, and this shampoo did not disappoint,” praises commerce editor Amanda Fama. “I have very frizzy hair, but after using this shampoo and blow-drying, I experienced way less frizz. My hair was softer than usual, too, and it smells wonderful!”
Winner: Best overall volumizing shampoo
Award: Best overall volumizing shampoo | Score: 4.67/5
“I loved this Oribe shampoo," says lifestyle writer Sarah Lemire. “It lathered up easily and honestly felt very luxurious on my hair. I didn’t need to rinse and repeat, which is always a bonus. The scent was delightful without being too perfumey. It definitely gave my hair a lift and made styling a breeze.”
Winner: Best overall clarifying shampoo
Award: Best overall clarifying shampoo | Score: 5/5
“I am a big fan of K18’s biomimetic technology designed to maintain optimum hair health and strength,” says Rogério Cavalcante, a hairstylist and founder of The Second Floor Salon in New York we consulted. “This shampoo is a great way to keep the hair and scalp free and clean of oils, environmental pollutants and product buildup that can weigh hair down and cause dull smoothness and shine. Salicylic acid unclogs hair follicles to allow for maximum product penetration and effectiveness.”
Winner: Best overall leave-in conditioner
Award: Best overall leave-in conditioner | Score: 4.83/5
“I loved this,” gushes editor Rebecca Brown. “I used it as directed — as a leave-in — but as someone with wavy hair that loses any definition in the morning, I found myself using this to zhush up my hair every morning. For the first time, I was wearing it down because the product just dried so nicely. I’d always prefer a product with no fragrance, but it definitely did what it was supposed to do, and more.”
Winner: Best budget leave-in conditioner
Award: Best budget leave-in conditioner | Score: 4.67/5
"My hair smells incredible right after use," says former commerce analytics page Sara Ross. "It feels so nice and makes it so easy to brush through my curls. I love this product."
Winner: Best leave-in for curly hair
Award: Best leave-in for curly hair | Score: 5/5
"This affordable styling cream is for curly girls who like to wear their natural hair," advises Cavalcante. "The formula is super hydrating and easy to use."
“This leave-in conditioner smells so clean and fresh,” adds Jackie Fama, mom of Shop TODAY editor Amanda Fama. “I put it in my damp hair as directed. I left it in my hair and let it air dry. The butter soaked in beautifully and as my hair was drying, it felt so soft and manageable! Even when I brushed it, I had no frizz, just soft waves. I could put my fingers through my hair with ease. I will definitely continue using this product!”
Winner: Best overall heat protectant
Award: Best overall heat protectant | Score: 5/5
“This oil heat protectant is great for those who feel like creamy formulas weigh down their hair,” explains Cavalcante. “It’s super affordable and leaves hair shiny. Just spray a little bit on damp hair after washing and before blow-drying.”
Winner: Best splurge heat protectant
Award: Best splurge heat protectant | Score: 4.17/5
This heat protectant is an aerosol option, if that's more your speed.
"It smells nice and does make your hair feel softer," promises deputy editorial director Ali Deabler. 
Winner: Best overall dry shampoo
Award: Best overall dry shampoo | Score: 5/5
Personally, I've tried dozens of dry shampoos, but this one stands out from the rest as one of my favorites. It’s unique because it works overnight, so that when I wake up in the morning, all I need to do is brush my hair before I’m out the door. It does a really good job of absorbing oil and refreshing my day two (or even three or four...) hair, but it has the added benefit of saving me time in the morning. I happen to love the calming “midnight bloom” scent before bed, but if you’re not a fan of fragranced products you might want a different option. 
Pro tip: I’ve started using this before bed when my hair is clean, and I’ve noticed it helps keep oil at bay so it never gets greasy in the first place!
Winner: Best dry shampoo for thinning hair
Award: Best dry shampoo for thinning hair | Score: 4.67/5
"As far as dry shampoos go, this one is pretty good," says Deabler. "It gives me volume the day after and does reinvigorate my hair. It also doesn’t smell too overpowering."
Winner: Best overall hair mask
Award: Best overall hair mask | Score: 5/5
"I really liked this!" exclaims producer Emily Slawek. "I haven’t done many hair masks, but I could tell an instant difference after using it. It reduced the frizz in my hair and smoothed it out."
Winner: Best budget hair mask
Award: Best budget hair mask | Score 4.5/5
“[This] left my hair hydrated and smelled amazing,” claims senior associate Donna Pilikyan. “I got a couple of compliments on the smell of my hair after I used this. I really like Mielle products and this one is no exception!”
Winner: Best splurge hair mask for curly hair
Award: Best splurge hair mask for curly hair | Score: 4.33/5
“This mask left my hair feeling really soft and smooth,” says associate editor Kamari Stewart. “My hair was easy to detangle afterward and the curl definition I had was really nice. I noticed after applying a little to my roots (not too much) I didn’t have as much flaking/dryness as I usually do, so it definitely provides moisture and hydration.”
Winner: Best overall curl cream
Award: Best overall curl cream | Score: 5/5
Shop TODAY social media editorial assistant Annie Shigo swore off ineffective curl creams that left her hair “greasy and limp” — until she tried Rizos Curls Defining Cream. Unlike other products she’d used, “this cream focuses on keeping moisture locked into your hair by adding more volume to your roots and enhancing your natural curl pattern without leaving it looking greasy.”
An added bonus? Shigo said it prevented her hair from frizzing or knotting up by the end of the day, making it perfect for the summer months.
Winner: Best budget curling cream
Award: Best budget curl cream | Score: 5/5
"I have to admit, I was skeptical about this product," confesses Stewart. "I haven’t used Cantu since the beginning of my natural hair journey and found that it was way too heavy and drying for me. I had the opposite reaction this time around. I needed very little when styling each of my sections on wash day. I also liked this cream because I was able to wet my hair on days two, three and four and just generally apply a bit everywhere to manage some frizz and give my curls some moisture/pump up their definition. With how much comes in the bottle, it’s definitely worth it."
Winner: Best overall hair spray
Award: Best overall hair spray | Score: 4.67/5
A repeat winner from 2023, this "freezing" hairspray once again impressed our testers with its ability to create a sleek style without breaking the bank. It tackled flyaways and frizz effortlessly and also kept hair in place, even on windy days, says editor and producer Julie Ricevuto.
"It delivers on its promise to keep hair in place whether it’s a sleek ponytail or taming flyaways," says Shop TODAY editorial director Adrianna Brach. "I loved using it when I had flyaways after a blowout or to tame baby hairs and keep them in place. I will be using it a lot in the summer when the humidity makes my hair get unruly."
Winner: Best budget hairspray
Award: Best budget hairspray | Score: 4.67/5
"I’ve actually used this plenty of times throughout the years, and it’s truly a tried and true product," swears commerce writer Danielle Murphy. "It hold my hairstyles well. Just make sure not to spray too much or it will create a stiffness in your hair."
Winner: Best overall texturizing spray
Award: Best overall texturizing spray | Score: 4.5/5
“I have stick straight hair that does not hold any heat styling very well, but this spray created volume and texture so the heat would have something to ‘grab’ onto,” says photo editor Vivian Le. “Typically, if I style my hair the same day I wash it, it will never hold. I usually have to wait for day 2 hair to style, but this spray solved my hair woes.”
“Another key thing that I didn’t realize initially is that this product is also a heat protectant,” notes Le. “At first, I had just been using it as a hair finisher, but when I started to use it before styling, it helped create a grip on my hair and also allowed me to cut out another product from the routine. Truly my favorite all-in-one product I got to test.”
Winner: Best overall round brush
Award: Best overall round brush | Score: 4.67/5
“The name of this is a little deceiving — it doesn’t actually “blow out” your hair — but wow does it make you look like you just got a fresh salon blowout,” editorial operations manager Jill Ortiz gushes.
“I’m a bit of a novice when it comes to styling,” Ortiz admits. “But if you know what you’re doing I am so sure you can make an absolutely gorgeous style with this. I like that you can use it on dry hair... I think this is perfect for touch-ups before work or for when you want a nice, blown out look for a night out or dinner.”
Winner: Most innovative blow dry brush
Award: Most innovative blow dry brush | Score: 4.56/5
"This is one of those tools that I’m scared to recommend because it’s gonna put me out of a job! That’s how well it works!" raves Clayton Hawkins, a hairstylist we consulted. "If you struggle with blow drying your hair, you need this blow dryer brush. It makes blowouts so easy. I got this for my 75 year old mother and she adores it and loves that it’s not too heavy."
Winner: Best budget blow dry brush
Award: Best budget blow dry brush | Score: 4.11/5
A repeat winner, Revlon’s first blow dry brush impressed Shop TODAY editors with its ability to deliver a salon-quality blowout at home — and it seems as though the second iteration can't be beat. It is designed with a smaller brush head, which the brand says helps you get closer to the root for easier styling, and it also features a medium heat setting, unlike the first edition of the brush.
“It’s so much lighter than my regular hair dryer and I find myself reaching for it more and more,” associate partnerships editor Lauren Witonsky says. “I definitely notice more volume right after blow drying, and like how easy it is to create a flip at the bottom of my hair. The different heat settings are nice to have too, though I only use cool or low.”
Winner: Best overall curling iron
Award: Best overall curling iron | Score: 5/5
“I can’t believe it took me this long to try the OG Hot Tools curling iron,” exclaims Witonsky. “I actually thought it was so much more expensive because of the look and feel of it, but was impressed to find out it’s under $100. I prefer to wrap my hair around the barrel manually instead of using the clamp, and it worked well that way — giving me the perfect voluminous Victoria’s Secret-esque waves that have lasted all day. Plus, I love that you can control the heat setting to prevent damage (the lowest setting worked great for me).”
Winner: Best splurge curling iron
Award: Best splurge curling iron | Score: 4.11/5
"This is great for those with tight curls and hairstylists who need smaller barrel sizes," explains Cavalcante. "The interchangeable sizes feature is awesome, and the design — no words — just beautiful!"
Winner: Best overall hair dryer
Award: Best overall hair dryer | Score: 4.67/5
“One thing I love about T3 in general is how lightweight their tools are and this travel sized hair dryer is even lighter than their other tools,” gushes Hawkins. “It still packs a mighty punch for it’s size. But this is perfect for people whose arms get tired when they do their hair.”
Winner: Best budget hair dryer
Award: Best budget hair dryer | Score: 4/5
"This is probably the best affordable hair dryer out there," admits Cavalcante. "It doesn’t have the fancy features of the more expensive models, but it works just as well as any other blowdryer." 
Winner: Best overall hair straightener
Award: Best overall hair straightener | Score: 4.33/5
“This hair straightener is lightweight, easy to use and hot enough for my thick hair,” explains commerce writer Jannely Espinal. “It goes up to 460 degrees and is easy to pack into your backpack or carry-on. Also, it’s pretty easy to use as a curling iron (but you need to have technique) if you need more volume. Overall, this product is a great one that will last you for a long time.”
Winner: Best splurge hair straightener
Award: Best splurge hair straightener | Score: 4.5/5
"The Rolls Royce of hair straighteners," is what Hawkins calls Dyson's Corrale tool. "If you straighten your hair A LOT, you should invest in one that not only works, but also doesn’t damage your hair. I love that its cordless too and it just looks beautiful sitting on your bathroom counter."
Winner: Best budget hair straightener
Award: Best budget hair straightener | Score: 4/5
"I have thinner hair, so I’m always hesitant to use flat irons that might damage my hair," explains former Shop TODAY page Laura Millar. "I kept the heat on a lower option (around 5) and it worked pretty well and pretty quickly! I also love how thin and small the product is. I can definitely see myself packing this flat iron in a backpack or carry on and taking it with me on vacations. For the price, it’s definitely a good deal."
Winner: Best overall hair serum for thinning hair
Award: Best overall hair serum for thinning hair | Score: 4.33/5
“I’ve been using this since our last Beauty Awards in 2023,” says  Deabler. “I really like it. I feel like it calms my scalp and reduces any redness or itch. I don’t know that I’ve seen a lot of hair growth from it since it’s for thinning, but it hasn’t impacted anything. And I feel like my scalp is healthier overall when I use it.”
Winner: Best overall hair serum
Award: Best overall hair serum | Score: 4.5/5
“[This] product is excellent on damaged hair,” observes Jude Bender, mom of Shop TODAY senior editor Jess Bender. “I’ve used nightly and see a big difference. Very nice light scent.”
Winner: Best budget hair serum
Award: Best budget hair serum | Score: 4/5
"The serum itself was very nice and I do like that it gives you the exact amount you should use since I have a habit of using too much," says social media editor Kara Quill, who did note that the capsule format needed to be cut to use. "My hair definitely felt softer and had less frizz."
Winner: Best overall scalp treatment
Award: Best overall scalp treatment | Score: 5/5
“This is probably the first treatment that I’ve used that’s actually worked to improve the current state of my head (I have oily patches intermingling with a dry scalp — how does that make sense?!),” Jess Bender shares. “From initial use, I started to notice a significant difference in how my scalp felt after washing and felt less of an urge to scratch at my irritations. This has also been great for adding another day in between my wash days since my roots aren’t getting as greasy as quickly. I’d give this 50 stars if I could, that’s how pleased I am with this scalp treatment.”
Dr. Michelle Henry, a board-certified dermatologist and surgeon we consulted, adds that this "offers several potential benefits, including a hydrated, pH-balanced scalp, which contributes to healthier and stronger hair with less breakage and damage. The product’s lower pH levels are associated with cuticle health and stronger cortex fibers. Additionally, ginseng root improves blood circulation, allowing secondary ingredients to penetrate the scalp more effectively, while polyphenols act as potent antioxidants that minimize free radicals and oxidative stress damage. However, certain ingredients such as linalool, alcohol denat, fragrance and menthol can cause allergic reactions or irritation."
We sorted through nearly 1,200 new launches, editor recommendations, trending and tried-and-true products to come up with 155 winners. We hosted an in-house glam session, putting them through practical experiments to see if they meet requirements when it comes to value, satisfaction and quality for makeup, skin care, beauty and hair products and tools. Over the course of up to four months, our team of editors and writers tried products in every beauty category: hair, body, skin and makeup. Finally, our panel of experts reviewed some of our winners to give their sign-off based on ingredients and other factors.
Shop TODAY is editorially independent and our team of editors and writers work hard to pick the best products to share with our readers and viewers. We may license our logo to brands or products that have been featured on Shop TODAY. Click here if you're interested in licensing your inclusion in Shop TODAY content or to learn more from our licensing partner, Wrights Media.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.