By MARGARET ABRAMS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  15:22, 9 May 2024   |  Updated:  15:24, 9 May 2024   
 15
View  comments
Sex and the City is finally on Netflix - which means it has a whole slew of new fans and critics. 
Carrie Bradshaw, played by Sarah Jessica Parker, was famous for her iconic costumes on the show, which ran on HBO from 1998 to 2004. 
SJP was dressed by costume designer Patricia Field in outfits that instantly became infamous, from her nameplate necklace to her penchant for oversized flowers and Manolo Blahnik heels. 
But how do Carrie's costumes hold up and would Gen Z actually wear them today?
To find out, FEMAIL spoke to Gen Z influencers - from the modern-day Carrie Bradshaw to a re-seller who specializes in early aughts ensembles from TV shows - to find out if Carrie's outfits stand the test of time. 
Sex and the City is finally on Netflix - which means it has a whole slew of new fans and critics 
Carrie Bradshaw, played by Sarah Jessica Parker, was famous for her iconic costumes on the show, which ran on HBO from 1998 to 2004
FEMAIL spoke to Gen Z it girls - from the modern-day Carrie to a re-seller who specializes in early aughts ensembles from TV shows - to find out if Carrie's outfits stand the test of time
Gen Z famously took issue with Carrie's life when the show debuted on Netflix in April, with one Independent writer controversially saying, 'My problem isn't that the show is outdated, it's that it's almost unbearably cringey.' 
NYC-based content creator Audrey Long, 18, runs Instagram account XOXO Poship Girl
But DailyMail.com has since reached out to Gen Z influencers to find out if the outfits were 'cringey' or spot-on. 
New York City-based content creator Audrey Long, 18, runs the wildly popular Instagram account XOXO Poship Girl where she re-sells designs that were featured on Y2K-era shows like Gossip Girl and One Tree Hill. 
Audrey says people ask about Carrie's outfits daily, and she directs them to her friend Betsy's Instagram account, aptly titled @findingcarriescloset, which re-sells some of her most popular looks. 
Audrey grew up watching the show and told DailyMail.com it is 'on constant repeat in my house,' calling it 'a rich time capsule of life in the late '90s and early '00s.' 
Her mom was also a fan of the show, and she said it was a 'bonding experience' to watch the show together.  
Audrey sees herself being more akin to preppy Charlotte York, played by Kristin Davis, and said she identifies with her 'more than most modern TV protagonists.'  
But 'when it comes to outfits, Carrie Bradshaw wore some home-run hits and also had her fair share of misses,' Audrey declared. 
The Dior T-shirt was a bonafide it girl obsession, worn by Carrie and stars like Nicky Hilton and Nicole Richie 
When it comes to Carrie's faux fur lace-up boots paired with jeans and a white crocheted sweater, Audrey called it one of the relationship writer's worst outfits
'It's such a simple yet classy outfit - a rarity for Carrie - but she wore it so well,' Audrey said
'The costume designer, Patricia Field, deserves all the applause as she tactfully blended high fashion with streetwear to establish Sex and the City as one of the most impactful fashion shows of all time,' Audrey praised. 
The Dior T-shirt was a bonafide it girl obsession, worn by Carrie and stars like Nicky Hilton and Nicole Richie.
Carrie paired her early aughts J'adore Dior T-shirt with a billowing purple skirt and strappy heels - and it's a hit with Gen Z. 
Audrey told FEMAIL she would 'absolutely' wear the Dior top and has seen Gen Z style influencers showing off their own variations.  
While Audrey can't see herself similarly 'walking down Fifth Avenue in pumps on a Sunday morning,' she 'admires those who have the styling power and ankle strength to do so.' 
When it comes to Carrie's faux fur lace-up boots paired with jeans and a white crocheted sweater, Audrey called it one of the relationship writer's worst outfits. 
'I could envision wearing her white lace blouse with a mini-skirt or jeans, but the sweater is not one of my favorites and the jeans are very much a dated style.
'There are probably fashion-forward Gen Z young adults who could rock this ensemble, but I don't consider myself one of them.' 
As for Carrie's pared-down tan sweater minidress, Audrey said it's Gen Z approved and one of her favorites.  
'It's such a simple yet classy outfit - a rarity for Carrie - but she wore it so well. 
'I can envision myself wearing that sweater dress with a fabulous necklace, black lacy tights, and knee-high boots on a New York City night out.' 
Carrie's famous naked dress is still a hit with Gen Z, as influencer Danielle Carolan told FEMAIL how she'd style it today
Danielle, who hosts the Gals On The Go podcast, is a fan of Carrie's style and said, 'What I admire most about her wardrobe is the way she makes each look seem effortlessly glamorous'
New York City-based influencer Danielle Carolan, 25, first encountered Sex and the City when her mom and aunt watched the show when she was growing up.
'It wasn't until college that I truly dove into the SATC universe, starting with the movies and swiftly getting hooked on the series,' Danielle told DailyMail.com.
'I spent my senior year binge-watching episodes every night. The show wasn't just entertaining, it offered genuine life lessons, which was an unexpected and valuable takeaway.' 
Danielle, who hosts the Gals On The Go podcast, is a fan of Carrie's style and said, 'What I admire most about her wardrobe is the way she makes each look seem effortlessly glamorous, whether it's pairing a simple tank top with a dramatic tulle skirt or sporting that unforgettable bird headpiece.'
'Is it my style? Not particularly, because I go for more tailored and masculine pieces. However, I admire how she pairs pieces together that you would never think of!'
While Danielle adores Carrie's naked dress, she said she'd 'love to update it with a modern twist.
'By opting for a sheer fabric and coordinating it with a stylish bra and panty set, along with clear heels, it could be transformed into a daring yet sophisticated outfit.' 
Los Angeles-based musician Emmy Meli, 24, also appreciates Carrie's style - especially since she didn't follow the trends, she set them. 
Emmy told DailyMail.com, 'My mom actually used to watch it and I wasn't allowed to when I was young, so when I finally got old enough to have my own Netflix it was one of the first shows I watched!' 
'I think Carrie's style is avant-garde, chic, relatable, and creative,' Emmy Meli raved about SATC
Emmy approves of Carrie's famed newspaper dress, although she'd style the frock with a classic strappy Dior black heel, curly hair, no statement necklace and chunky bracelets
'I related to it so much by the time I got old enough to understand the characters,' the singer, who went viral for her song Woman on TikTok, explained. 
'I think Carrie's style is avant-garde, chic, relatable, and creative - personally, I love it. 
'She is authentic in the way she expresses herself through fashion, which we rarely see these days because everyone is following a trend.' 
'Carrie doesn't follow trends, she's a trendsetter. 
'What makes her style so great is that she can take a plain old affordable shirt and pair it with crazy shoes and make it her, which is something everyone can do. 
'Hence she could never go out of style because true fashion isn't necessarily always polished trends or designer, it's gritty and ever evolving,' Emmy said. 
Emmy approves of Carrie's famed newspaper dress, although she'd style the fabulous frock with a classic strappy Dior black heel, curly hair, no statement necklace, and instead, chunky bracelets. 
'For a more casual look you could do close toe kitten heels with socks, hair slicked back,' Emmy suggested. 
Los Angeles-based musician Emmy Meli, 24, can see someone wearing this Carrie outfit to a music festival like Stagecoach 
TikTok star Alyssa McKay's favorite style is Carrie's tube top, which is 'a very similar look to what I wore to Coachella this year'
One of Carrie's most infamous outfits - the python-printed tube top she paired with a striped sarong in the Hamptons - is a hit with Gen Z, with plenty of variations on display at Stagecoach. 
Danielle, whose Instagram bio describes her as 'shamelessly romanticizing New York,' would also recreate this Carrie ensemble during festival season. 
'This particular outfit captures that Western, slightly boho flair that's incredibly popular among Gen Z. It's trendy yet timeless, perfect for anyone who appreciates a chic, elevated cowgirl look,' Danielle said. 
New York City-based influencer Alyssa McKay, who has more than 10 million followers on TikTok and co-owns the clothing line Beyond Lost NYC, wore a similar outfit when she attended Coachella this year. 
Alyssa previously binge watched the show and loved seeing what was 'chic in the moment and how some styles have totally changed and some have totally remained the same.' 
Alyssa, who plays Ella Sinclair on the popular podcast The Royals of Malibu, described Carrie's style as 'totally eccentric and fun, especially since she leans so Y2K.' 
She loves how Gen Z has incorporated Carrie's style, including Olivia Rodrigo rocking a Carrie Bradshaw AF T-shirt on tour, which she called epic. 
Alyssa's also a fan of Carrie Dior T-shirt, and while she personally doesn't regularly wear heels, she'd don Carrie-inspired, Y2K era ones.  
'Everyone is trying to achieve that 2012 Tumblr look,' Alyssa advised. 
'I could never pull off Carrie's outfits for the most part,' Eli admitted, although she's mastered the art of styling a tutu 
Eli, who wrote the book I Didn't Know I Needed This: The New Rules for Flirting, Feeling, and Finding Y, has been described as 'a Carrie Bradshaw for the TikTok age' 
New Jersey-based influencer and author Eli Rallo, 25, first watched the show when she was in high school in the mid 2010s and said the characters are 'some of the most human characters we have in modern-day sitcom/dramedy,' calling them 'nuanced and 'appropriately flawed.' 
Eli, who wrote the book I Didn't Know I Needed This: The New Rules for Flirting, Feeling, and Finding Y, has since been described as 'a Carrie Bradshaw for the TikTok age' and said she's 'incredibly flattered that anyone would compare me to someone so cool, stylish and successful.' 
'There's a bit of imposter syndrome that comes along with it. I don't have nearly the wardrobe or shoe collection of Carrie, but I like to think we're sort of kindred spirits - tri-state area women writing about dating!' 
'I could never pull off Carrie's outfits for the most part,' Eli admitted. 
'I think I own a lot of pieces Carrie would really like, but she has an effervescence and a cool factor to her that allows her to embody her personal style so well.'
'I think a lot of Gen Z pulls from Carrie's personal style while developing their own. 
'My affinity for patterns, colors and sparkles (along with accessories) certainly stems from Carrie's affinity for the same things,' Eli said. 
'I have quite literally purchased not one but two dresses in order to recreate that outfit,' Gen Z's Carrie Bradshaw Eli Rallo said about this Reformation-esque pastel dress
Popstar Maude Latour, 24, first watched SATC during a 'sweaty New York City hot summer' after her freshman year at Columbia University
Popstar Maude Latour, 24, first watched SATC during a 'sweaty New York City hot summer' after her freshman year at Columbia University. 
'I had just written the song One More Weekend and was living a Sex and The City life of my own, feeling young and newly single and excited for life,' Maude said. 'I would binge the show coming home from rooftop parties.' 
The indie pop musician found herself completely enamored with the fashion, and would often take screenshots of Carrie's outfits.  
'Honestly, no one can pull it off like her but, nevertheless, we try,' Maude said. 
'She makes me wanna wear my boldest outfit and carry on as normal. 
'She's so versatile and can be girlie, chill, dressy, so casual, or glam on her way to the grocery store - it's literally a work of art.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group