This article comes from our media partners at Connect Bridgeport.
BRIDGEPORT, W.Va (WDTV) - Mini Pop Kids, Canada’s #1 music brand for kids is coming to the Clarksburg Amphitheater on July 20th! The Mini Pop Kids will take the stage to perform kid friendly versions of today’s biggest pop songs in this energetic and interactive live show!
For over 15 years the Mini Pop Kids have been Canada’s #1 children’s music group, with over a million albums sold, and topping the iTunes and Billboard charts. The Mini Pop Kids are back and shining bright with their brand-new Good Vibes Concert Tour featuring the year’s biggest hits featuring songs from Taylor Swift, Beyonce, Olivia Rodrigo, Harry Styles and Dua Lipa and throwback favorites that EVERYONE will love. This isn’t just a show, it’s an experience for the whole family! Don’t miss your chance to sing, dance, and POP with Canada’s best-selling kids music group, The Mini Pop Kids!
Each year, more than 500 hopefuls audition to be a part of this legacy act, and many Mini Pop Kids have gone on to perform with the biggest names in the biz, including Justin Bieber, Beyonce, and on national TV and Broadway.
Prior to showtime, each ticket purchased for a child will get you exclusive access to carnival games with a guaranteed prize, face painting by Paint Misbehavin, Kona Ice, and more.
Tickets for this event will go on sale at 10 a.m. Friday, May 3rd, 2024. Tickets will be available by visiting www.clarksburgAMP.com or by calling 866.973.9610. Advance tickets will be $15 for general admission, $25 for reserved seating and $30 for premium seating, which will include the first 7 rows from the stage. Day-of-Show tickets will increase $5 for each section and will be available at the venue unless they sell out prior to the event. This performance is set to begin at 7pm with doors opening at 4:30pm. All of these events feature free admission and will have concessions also available.
For more information about the bands, events or the Clarksburg Amphitheater, please call 304.624.1655 or visit www.ClarksburgAMP.com.
Copyright 2024 WDTV. All rights reserved.