The Piano Man is coming back to living rooms across the U.S.!
Following a mishap that saw Billy Joel's record-breaking concert special that aired on Sunday ending early, CBS confirmed that it will re-air and play it in full on Friday, April 19. 
"A network programming timing error ended last night's Billy Joel special approximately two minutes early in the Eastern and Central Time Zones," the statement to ET read. "We apologize to Mr. Joel, his fans, our affiliated stations, and our audience whose viewing experience was interrupted during the last song. Due to the overwhelming demand from his legion of fans, BILLY JOEL: THE 100TH – LIVE AT MADISON SQUARE GARDEN will be rebroadcast in its entirety on CBS on April 19th at 9:00PM ET/PT."
Following the broadcast, fans will be able to stream the concert on Paramount+. 
Joel, 74, was in the middle of his closing number of "Piano Man" when the special cut and the local news began in certain markets across the country. The special was recorded during the GRAMMY-winning singer's sold-out 100th show at Madison Square Garden on March 28. During the milestone moment, Joel performed a series of his hits including "Uptown Girl," "We Didn't Start the Fire," "Big Shot," and "It's Still Rock and Roll to Me." 
Special guests included Jerry Seinfeld and Sting. 
March's 100th show, which is part of what has been deemed "The Greatest Arena Run of All Time," comes before Joel ends his residency in the NYC venue after 10 years. Joel began playing one show a month at the Garden in 2014. In June 2023, Joel shared that he will officially end his bid at MSG in July -- with his 150th performance. 
"I'm kind of flabbergasted that it lasted as long as it did. My team tells me that we could continue to sell tickets, but ten years, 150 shows – all right already," the singer said in a statement at the time. 
"I do remember the first time we played Madison Square Garden, it was the pinnacle of my career. I thought, 'My God, I'm headlining Madison Square Garden.' Everybody in the world knows when you play The Garden, it's not just New York. To our audience, I want to thank them for coming to our shows for this long. It's hard to end, even at 150 lifetime shows. I just want to thank everyone for the wonderful thing that's happened here," he added.
All tickets for the dates in the run-up to the final show, and the final show, have sold out. 
Like Joel's fans, his family -- including wife Alexis Roderick and their daughters, Della Rose, 8, and Remy Anne, 6, have their own fave songs of his. So much so, they troll him. 
"So, we have a lot of Taylor Swift, Billy Joel, Olivia Rodrigo, but they're his biggest fans," Roderick told ET in February at the 2024 GRAMMYs about their kids listening to his music at home. "So, yeah. They want to hear it all the time."
"Maybe they're doing it because they dig it, but I think they're doing it to annoy me," Joel quipped. "They keep playing 'Piano Man.' It drives me nuts."
Billy Joel: The 100th -- Live at Madison Square Garden will rebroadcast on CBS on April 19 at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
RELATED CONTENT: 
Music
GRAMMY Awards
GRAMMY Awards
Video