Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
While power couple Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are in the spotlight for different reasons — she in music, he in sports — they find themselves competing against each other as nominees for a 2024 Webby Award.
Both Swift and Kelce are nominated for a Webby Award in the category of Best Creator or Influencer Collaboration Features (Social). This award show stands out for its distinctive focus on celebrating excellence within the realm of the Internet.
Kelce's nomination stems from his collaboration with The Cheesecake Factory on "Fashion Icons," while Swift's recognition arises from her impactful partnership with Vote.org on National Voter Registration Day.
The competition shouldn't be too intense since there are two winners for each category. All nominees are selected by the International Academy of Digital Arts & Sciences. With the Webbys, one winner is decided by a jury of selected voters, while the other is chosen by fans. So, there's a possibility that both parties of the couple come out as winners. You can vote here, which remains open until April 18 at 11:59 pm PT.
Kelce is also only nominated for four other awards for his podcast, New Heights With Jason and Travis Kelce, which he co-hosts with his brother, who recently retired from the NFL. Among the categories he's up for is Sports Shows (Podcasts), alongside Best Co-hosts and Best Video Series. With his several nominations, Kelce could potentially score more than one win.
There are also some other A-list nominees scattered across the numerous categories, including Ryan Gosling, Olivia Rodrigo, Michelle Obama, Paris Hilton, Timothée Chalamet, and Kelly Clarkson.
The anticipation for the winners won't be long, as the award show will take place in New York City on Monday, May 13. The event will be hosted by Amber Ruffin and it's unknown which nominees will be in attendance.
Correction 4/2/24, 3 p.m. ET: This article was updated to properly reflect the number of Webby awards Travis Kelce is nominated for. 
Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC