Virgin Radio
14 Apr 2024, 11:53
Credit: Getty
Olivia Rodrigo joined No Doubt for a surprise performance during their set at Coachella 2024. 
The Vampire singer gave a rendition of the band’s song Bathwater on the second night of the Los Angeles music festival. It is both Rodrigo’s and No Doubt’s first time performing there. 
For the eighth song in their set, No Doubt welcomed Rodrigo onstage, wearing a tanktop that read ‘I <3 ND”,  to duet the 2000s single with lead singer Gwen Stefani. 
The crowd went wild, and fans watching from home also branded the performance as “iconic”. Taking to social media, one person wrote: “Olivia Rodrigo has performed with Jewel, Sheryl Crow and No Doubt in the last few weeks. Her taste is exceptional.”
Another said: “Olivia Rodrigo's fresh energy combined with No Doubt's iconic sound would surely make for an unforgettable performance at Coachella.”
While a third added: “OLIVIA RODRIGO AND NO DOUBT PERFORMING BATH WATER IS SO ICONIC”.
In a recent interview with Vogue, Rodrigo revealed that No Doubt had been a key source of inspiration for her music and praised frontwoman Stefani as a “true artist”.
She said: “Gwen’s ability to evolve and explore different styles of music, songwriting and aesthetic while still remaining true to herself is incredibly inspiring. 
“To me, she’s a prime example of an artist who defies stereotypes and preconceived boundaries and just makes stuff that she thinks is cool. If that’s not a true artist, I don’t know what is.”
The singer continued: “She unapologetically sings about things ranging from wanting to make out with someone to fantasizing about having a husband and kids. There’s so much heart in every word she says, and every song feels like it’s ripped from the diary of the coolest girl you know.”
The Coachella set marked the first No Doubt live performance in almost a decade after the band announced they would be reuniting in January this year. 
Advertisement
Tubi, the free streaming platform which aims to rival competitors such as Netflix and Prime Video...
Bruno Tonioli gets the boot from Britain's Got Talent, but is Alan Carr stepping in?
We asked, and you delivered! Here are the 100 greatest songs of the 1980s. 
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit