Manage your account
This post originally appeared in the Insider Today newsletter.
You can sign up for Business Insider's daily newsletter here.
Hello! I'm Jordan Parker Erb, filling in for Joi-Marie McKenzie today.
If you're considering visiting Dubai for the first time, follow these expats' advice. They write that newcomers often make the same mistakes. (Hint: Don't throw away that Emirates plane ticket.)
On the agenda:
See inside Basel, Switzerland's only five-star hotel.
The Miss USA pageant is crumbling under the weight of its own scandals.
Forget Ozempic. This antiaging supplement is the next big thing.
Three signs your job is taking over your life.
But first: Are you sure about that move?
If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. Download Insider's app here.
Some places are better to visit than to move to.
At least that's the experience of Jaime Stathis, a writer who moved to a small town in Northern California. She'd fallen in love with Grass Valley, and when her partner got a job in Sacramento, they jumped at the chance to move.
But the town's high cost of living and relative isolation made it a hard place to live. She left after less than three years.
It's not an uncommon experience.
The rise of remote work, especially in the pandemic's early days, made it easier than ever to try out a new hometown. Big city dwellers left their coastal homes in droves, creating pandemic boomtowns around the country.
An outpouring of tech workers moved from California to Austin, but many have come to regret their choice. One said the up-and-coming tech hub is "where ambition goes to die."
And while moving to smaller, middle-American towns might be better for your wallet and quality of life, it's not always great for your career.
Business Insider's Aki Ito previously wrote that as the market for remote work tanks, people who've moved to small towns have fewer career options. Living in a big city can set you up for success when you're searching for your next job — and the one after that.
So while that charming little city might tug at your sense of wanderlust, it might not be the permanent change you're looking for.
As the only five-star hotel in Basel, Switzerland, Les Trois Rois has welcomed high-profile guests for centuries, from Napoleon Bonaparte to the Rolling Stones.
After walking through the arched entryway, guests don't have to lift a finger. The concierge can coordinate hair appointments and dog sitters, or provide a watch winder. Guests can dine in luxury at its Michelin-starred restaurant, or drive the hotel's Bentley.
See inside Les Trois Rois.
Miss USA was once a coveted crown that promised instant fame and attention. But through interviews with more than a dozen sources, including past Miss USA and Miss Teen USA winners and directors, BI found an organization in disarray.
This year, both queens gave up their crowns. The organization, struggling for brand deals, is pushing contestants back into a voiceless stereotype they've been fighting against for decades. Some are questioning whether the competition is still relevant at all.
Read BI's Miss USA investigation.
Also read:
The Miss USA pageant can't escape controversy. Here's a timeline of all the drama.
You've heard about Ozempic and Botox, treatments that have become staples of elite wellness and beauty routines. But now there's a new player in the wellness space: NAD.
Nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide is a major component of healthy bodies, helping our cells function properly. But as we age, our ability to produce it declines. Now some celebrities and biohackers are using NAD+ boosters to keep themselves feeling — and looking — young.
What's up with NAD+ boosters.
Work can be a source of pride and an important part of some people's identities. But overworking can take a toll on your life outside of the office.
A career coach shared three signs work may be taking over your life, from working long hours to checking emails before bed. She explains how to pull back before burning out.
When to take a step back.
"House of the Dragon": The "Game of Thrones" prequel airs its season-two finale this weekend.
"Elizabeth Taylor: The Lost Tapes": A new Max documentary explores the life of the Hollywood legend.
"Futurama": The twelfth season of the animated series returned this week.
See the full list.
A new Disney Bundle: You don't have to choose which streaming service to cut anymore — this new bundle includes Disney Plus, Hulu, and Max for $17 a month.
Live-music event tickets: Find out how to score tickets to sold-out shows, whether you're into Olivia Rodrigo, the Eagles, or Burning Man.
Back-to-school savings: Heads up, students: Did you know you can score exclusive discounts from brands like Hulu, Reebok, and Apple by verifying your enrollment status?
Dramas like "Baby Reindeer" are getting Netflix into trouble. Is it worth the risk?
Forget Napa Valley: A sommelier recommends seven underrated wine regions.
Expensive fishnet flats are the reigning ugly shoes of the summer.
One common travel mistake can upend your epic cruise vacation.
Post-workout snacks, from a nutritionist who cut out ultra-processed foods.
The female Sherpa who has climbed Mount Everest the most times tells all.
Millennial DINK couple worries about who will care for them when they're older.
Put Sri Lanka on your list of Southeast Asian countries to visit.
A millennial couple sold almost everything to take a gap year around the world.
What it's like to work on the world's largest private residential yacht.
Virgin Atlantic Airways just upgraded its business-class seats.
Five underrated day trips from Tokyo, according to a local.
The Insider Today team: Jordan Parker Erb, editor, in New York. Dan DeFrancesco, deputy editor and anchor, in New York City. Lisa Ryan, executive editor, in New York. Amanda Yen, fellow, in New York.
Read the original article on Business Insider