Now 
68
 Sat 
82
 Sun 
72
by Jennifer King
(Image: Amazon)
TOPICS:
Consider us influenced!
Instagram, Pinterest, and TikTok provide plenty of entertainment, but they've also become popular sources of inspiration for style, decor, and beauty products.
Amazon is making it easy on us with their "Internet Famous" section of viral products. Here's our current list of favorites, but stay tuned for more!We may earn a commission if you buy through links on our sites. Prices are accurate at the time of publication.
1.) Catrice | Under Eye Brightener, $6
Right on the jar, it says, "Instant Awake," and couldn't we all use some of that? This mega-popular product is mega-popular for good reason: it works, and the price is right! Snag the Catrice Under Eye Brightener for just $6.
2.)SOL DE JANEIRO Jet Set, $30
This brand is about as trendy as it gets. For the unfamiliar, this trio of products is a great intro item to their line. Pick your favorite scent - or heck, spring for all of them. We love theSOL DE JANEIRO Jet Set inCheirosa '62 with Brazilian Bum Bum Cream. $30
3.)K18 Leave-In Molecular Hair Mask, $29
Do your hair a favor and treat it to this mask. TheK18 Leave-In Molecular Hair Mask has over 19,000 ratings and customers love the shiny and strengthening properties of the product. $29
4.)Crocs Unisex-Adult Classic Clogs, $42 (prices vary)
Maybe you love Crocs, maybe you hate them. Maybe you love to hate them or hate that you love them. Whatever it may be, they're here. They're popular. They're surprisingly comfortable and so easy to slip on and even clean. This classic white pair ofCrocs Unisex-Adult Classic Clogs in White sells for $42, but prices may vary by size, color, etc.
5.) Gold Earrings Set, $16.99 for 42 pairs
Is 42 pairs of gold earrings too many? Silly goose, of course not! Keep some for yourself, share some with the besties, or put a cute pair on a card and brighten someone's day. Either way, you'll come out looking cute, put together and always in fashion. Bonus - they're hypoallergenic! $16.99
6.) eos Shea Better Body Lotion- Vanilla Cashmere, $8.98
We all need a go-to body lotion. This eosShea Better Body Lotion in Vanilla Cashmere is a fan favorite and "Internet Famous" for its scent, non-greasy formula and affordable price. Choose from a variety of scents or go scent-free. Also comes in a two-pack, if you can't decide. I think we'll be trying Coconut Waters scent next! $8.98
7.)Hanes Men's Ecosmart Crewneck Pullover, $12 for light blue in Large (prices vary)
Crewnecks are all the rage right now (not just for men), and Hanes has been doing them right for decades. Pick your fav color and decide if you want a snug fit or oversized look, you can't go wrong withHanes Men's Ecosmart Crewneck Pullover, $12 for light blue in Large (prices vary).
8.) Mighty Patch Micropoint for blemishes, $10.67
Pimple patches are a real game-changer. While there are tons on the market these days, this one stands out as a fan favorite. TheMighty Patch Micropoint for blemishes sells for $10.67
9.)Cute Ruffle Frilly Crew Socks, $7.55 (4 pairs)
You can thank stars like Sabrina Carpenter and Olivia Rodrigo for bringing ruffly crew socks into the limelight. This set of 4 isn't just cute - it's a great deal at $7.55, with colors for every outfit!
10.)USAOPOLY TAPPLE Word Game, $19.89
*adds to cart* This looks so fun! Perfect for your next friends or family game night and super easy to take on the go! TAPPLE is simple enough, and tons of fast-paced fun. $19.89
There - now you've been influenced, too!
KEEP SHOPPING |Back to School Shopping: 10 essentials to start the school year right
KEEP SHOPPING |Create a TikTok starter kit with just 4 items
KEEP SHOPPING |7 of the hottest sunnies to rock this summer