The Michigan Daily

					One hundred and thirty-four years of editorial freedom				
If you’ve been held hostage in my minivan, it’s because I love you.
I was one of the first of my high school friends to have a driver’s license, despite being one of the youngest. I was terrified when I had my first driving lesson, but I learned to love it and now I think there’s very little that can’t be fixed with a car drive and an aux cord.
I love driving. I love how mindless it can be. I love that it forces me to be present with myself when I’m driving alone and that it creates a perfect atmosphere for conversation when I’m driving with somebody else. 
My car isn’t exactly cool: I drive the same 2007 silver Honda Odyssey that’s been in my family for as long as I can remember. When my sister left home for college, my parents somehow got our minivan to Ann Arbor, and it’s felt like a physical piece of home has been with me ever since. At this point, the AC is broken and so are the window shades in the backseat, but I think that means she’s been loved. A minivan probably isn’t most people’s dream car. It’s big and bulky and doesn’t look the most glamorous, but I love it. I love how many people it can fit and how proud I feel when I successfully manage to fit in a parking space. I love that I can pretend to be a soccer mom behind the wheel and I love how safe I feel while I’m inside. I wear my status as a minivan driver like a badge of honor. 
Because I was one of the first of my high school friends to get my license, I was usually the designated driver, and that has remained the case even though most of my friends have their own licenses now. I don’t mind. In fact, I usually insist on being the one that drives. I like the responsibility and trust my friends give me by letting me control all of our fates for a little while. My car has been with me for so long, and it has seen so much that it’s as much a part of my relationships as I am. My car is a memory capsule that I hold very close to my heart.
My car is waiting at a stoplight. “Pieces” by Matoma is playing. It’s a Thursday night, a little past 7 p.m. and my car is stopped somewhere along the 20-minute drive in between field hockey practice and my high school. Ralph is in the driver’s seat next to me, frantically changing out of a sweaty reversible pinnie and into a more presentable top as the red glow permeating the car changes to green. She steps on the gas as we race to our high school gymnasium to make it in time for the varsity basketball team’s senior night. The two of us have become the team’s number one fans and, for some reason, half of my closest friends play basketball: two on Varsity, two on junior varsity. The team culture was for JV team members to watch varsity games. I sat with them so often I should’ve been an honorary team member. To be honest, I don’t remember anything about how that game went. I think they won. I could ask Paris (she was one of the two on varsity). But what I do remember was the way Ralph, the most cautious driver I know, sped like her life depended on it so we could make it to this game. Every time I find myself driving that same route, I am transported back to that night and feel the anticipation and excitement that overflowed the car. I feel myself becoming a sophomore in high school again. I feel like I’m at home.
My car is in the Chipotle parking lot. It’s my senior year of high school. Lana and I went to watch Paris and Violet at a basketball game (I told you I was a dedicated fan) earlier that night. I drove, obviously. The three of them joked that I was holding them hostage after I locked us in the trunk of my minivan. We ate our Chipotle and played truth or truth (it was California cold and there was no way any of us were getting out of the car to do a dare). We hadn’t ever hung out just the four of us, and Paris and Lana didn’t really know each other well but the three of them were three of my best friends, albeit individually. I relished seeing people that I loved so much meet each other, talk to each other, learn about each other and laugh with each other. I didn’t leave my house that night thinking I would end up in the trunk of my car, but there I was. Again, I don’t remember who won that game, but I do remember the sound of the laughter filling up my car like air.
My car is somewhere on the 101. I’m graduating high school in a few months, driving from my hometown to Los Angeles to visit potential colleges. If I were only allowed to use one word to describe myself, it would be indecisive, so, April 2021 was a month straight out of my personal hell. I had a little more than a week before May 1 — decision day — and I was nowhere near making a choice. So, my family made the last-minute decision to spend our spring break flying to Michigan and then road-trip down to southern California so I could at least visit my potential future homes. It was just my sister, my dad and I since my mom had to stay home to work, posing a huge disadvantage to me, since my mom’s opinion is the one I value the most. I felt utterly abandoned in a time of desperate need. But this was the first time my sister and I both had our licenses, so we gave our dad the unprecedented privilege of the backseat of the car as we took the driver and passenger seats. We decided we would split the driving between the two of us and made a requirement that the other one was not allowed to go on their phones or read a book or do anything besides keep the driver entertained. We had a seven-hour drive ahead of us, excluding rest stops and bathroom breaks, but somehow, it worked.
Looking back, this particular drive is definitely what made me expect this type of passenger behavior: I now refuse to do anything in the passenger seat besides talk to the driver without their explicit permission, and I hate when my passengers don’t reciprocate the favor. Our biggest accomplishment during that drive wasn’t our lack of arguing (which was a huge feat, don’t get me wrong), but rather the resulting nine hour and two minute-long Spotify playlist. Think Lauv, Alvaro Soler, Avicii and Vance Joy with a little bit of Glee Cast and Kygo sprinkled in. While I do remember the outcome of that trip and how it somehow led me to Ann Arbor, I remember the seven hours in the car more.
My car is on the 280. Well, not my car — Violet’s car. Violet, Lana, Charlotte and I are all dressed up to go out to dinner in downtown southern California. This would be our last hurrah before splitting up to go to college multiple states away from each other. The change was imminent, yet I wasn’t ready for it, anticipating that things would change.
Driving home on the freeway, we could see stars in the sky above us. The wind ripped through our hair with the background noise of a blasting radio. We made a playlist called “Drive Home After New York,” consisting of ten songs, primarily Katy Perry and Taylor Swift hits from the 2010s with Olivia Rodrigo’s “jealousy, jealousy” mixed in. Whenever I hear “All your friends are so cool, you go out every night / In your daddy’s nice car, yeah, you’re livin’ the life,” I think of my friends. My friends were so cool, we were going out at night, we were in Violet’s dad’s nice car. We were living the life. I don’t usually roll the windows down when I drive because of how loud it gets and the uncomfortable feeling of my hair whipping around my face, but whenever I want to go back to that moment, all I need to do is go for a late night drive, roll the windows down and press play on that playlist, and I’m back with them instantly.  
My car is in the McDonald’s drive-thru. It’s a Tuesday night at 10:30 p.m.. June and I were studying at the University of Michigan Kinesiology Building when she suddenly found out it was National Burger Day. McDonald’s had discounted burgers. June and I were friends, but we were yet to have that pivotal conversation that fundamentally transitions a friendship from “person I hang out with” to “person who knows way too much about me.” That shift happened that night. As we waited for hours in the drive-through with nothing but conversation to entertain us, we started talking about romantic relationships and friend problems and our childhoods and our parents. The McDonald’s was only 10 minutes away, so we thought our late-night endeavor would take us maybe 30 minutes at most, but we didn’t get back to campus until 1 a.m.. I guess everyone was hungry for burgers that night. June and I have had many of these conversations since, but it was in my car, waiting for a burger and some fries, that our friendship changed forever. 
My car is parked outside of Paris’ house. It’s winter break during junior year of college. I’m not sure when the tradition started, but whenever I go home and see Paris, we always end the night parked outside of her house, talking for hours. Every time we hang out, we go through the song and dance of pretending we will drive separately before I ask, or more accurately, beg her to let me drive us. We usually sit on a hill on picnic blankets, indulging in Chipotle. I only see Paris every couple of months, but every time I see her, it’s as if no time has passed.
Paris and I are both Taylor Swift fans, so we always end our picnic days with a song battle in the car: We shuffle Taylor Swift songs until we make it through her whole discography, competing to see who can guess the song that’s playing first. If it’s pre-1989, Paris has it in the bag. Otherwise, it’s all me. Once we make it through all 11 albums, we turn the car off and just talk. That’s my favorite part of our hangouts. We have the privacy of being the only two in a shared space, no parents or siblings lurking around the corner or behind the door. We rehash the same high school drama that happened years ago, gossip about the same people we haven’t seen for years and speculate about Instagram breakups. If the walls of my minivan could talk, I would be forced to go into hiding. We talk about love and relationships and how we both are so confused by all of it. I rant to her about celebrity drama and try (and fail) to convince her that she should read a certain book. We seem to always end up doing the same thing in the same place, but it never gets old. 
My car is in the parking lot at Burns Park. It’s 2 a.m. and I’m not drunk, but my passengers might be. Gracie’s in the back seat, slowly coming back to a sober state. Nina, who’s in the seat next to me, is already sober. We’re talking about relationships and intimacy for what seems like the hundredth time. It’s been our favorite topic recently, at least the one we seem to talk about the most. It seems to be a running theme in my life that most of my friends and I can’t figure out. We’re talking when we see a man with a stick, clearly high out of his mind, walking on the sidewalk next to us. We panic and speed out of the lot, narrowly escaping with our lives. Laughter and adrenaline fill the air.
My car, my Honda Odyssey, does more than physically transport me from one place to another: It transports my friendships from surface level to deeply intimate. My car is coming back from Emagine Saline. My car is in between the big Target and Trader Joe’s. My car is pulling out of the parking lot under the Foundry. My car is stuck in game-day traffic, edging away from Stray Hen. My car is taking up two spots outside the AMC in Livonia. My car is being loaded with groceries from the Big Rapids Aldi. My car is overheating on the way to Michigan Heights. My car is covered with snow at the Carmel Ski Lodge. My car is in a makeshift spot off the side of Page Mill Road. My car is on the roof of the Main Street Garage. My car is parked by the train tracks at Panther Beach. My car, my Honda Odyssey, has been my home and place of comfort since I was a little girl. She’s as much a part of my friendships as I am.
Typically, we don’t look forward to the traveling needed to transport us somewhere. It’s a necessary logistical annoyance that is required in order for us to do the fun thing that we actually want to do. I know this is incredibly cliche, but I think the same lesson applies to life. We want to get to where we’re going, and if we could, we would skip the in-between part when we are on our way there. But the memories, the growth, the self-discovery, the relationships and everything else in life that is actually fulfilling is what fills those gaps in between.
We always have an end goal, a next step we want to reach, and that’s a good thing. But the process of getting there can be just as valuable as — and maybe even more memorable — the actual achievement. It can be frustrating to feel like you’ve been waiting and trying to obtain that next goal but haven’t been able to. I get it, I’ve been there. Frankly, I am there and feel like I have been for months. But I wouldn’t trade those drives for anything. They seemed like such little moments when they were happening, an unplanned part of each of the plans I made, but they were responsible for some of the best conversations and most meaningful memories I have. Maybe there will come a day when I’ll understand why all of my effort right now seems in vain and I’ll know what it was all for. It’ll be then that I’ll be grateful for the journey. 
Until then, I’ll just keep driving my minivan, trusting that it will take me where I need to go, just like it always has.
Daily Arts Writer Jenna Jaehnig can be reached at jjaehnig@umich.edu.
Please consider donating to The Michigan Daily

Stanford Lipsey Student Publications Building

420 Maynard St, Ann Arbor, MI 48109



Edited and managed by the students at the University of Michigan since 1890

[ditty id=484978]