Sabrina Carpenter will begin her arena tour on Sept. 23 in Ohio.Rob Grabowski/Invision/AP
I “bet you wanna know” how you can secure tickets to Sabrina Carpenter’s tour.
The pop star announced her “Short n’ Sweet” arena tour with several different presales before the big general sale that took place on June 28 through Ticketmaster.
Fans who hoped to snag the highly coveted tickets for one of her concerts had the opportunity through the general sale, but unfortunately, tickets sold out almost immediately, just like with Taylor Swift and Olivia Rodrigo’s tours.
However, there are still a number of ways fans can get tickets.
Fans can buy tickets for Sabrina Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” arena tour on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, VividSeats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
The “Short n’ Sweet” tour will begin on Sept. 23 in Columbus and will wrap up on Nov. 15 in Los Angeles.
New York City fans should be excited because the “Espresso” singer is set to perform at Madison Square Garden on Sept. 29 and at Barclays Center in Brooklyn on Sept. 30.
The cheapest ticket we could find for her Madison Square Garden show, before fees, is $237 on Vivid Seats.
For her Barclays Center show, the cheapest ticket we could find before fees is $177 on Vivid Seats.
If you find that you never secure the tickets at the best cost or in the section you want to be in through StubHub, you can find some tips and tricks here.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
You can find a full schedule of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” tour dates here.
Sabrina Carpenter is not the only artist performing at Madison Square Garden this year.
Here are a few more tours you do not want to miss: Cyndi Lauper, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, Billie Eilish and Noah Kahan.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices