With the 2024 BRIT Awards now only hours away, many will be interested in knowing the betting odds for some of the most sought-after categories.


  Much speculation has been made about who will win at this year's ceremony with RAYE attracting acclaim for her 'My 21st Century Blues' album which was released last year.


  A total of 16 awards will be handed out on the night, recognising both rising stars and established names.


    .@LaytonWilliams and @iamharrietrose are ready to host the BRITs 2024 Red carpet
    whoooo is ready? #BRITs 🙋‍♀️ pic.twitter.com/a2lvhGqji7


  Here are the betting odds for some of the biggest categories at the 2024 BRIT Awards, according to Gambling.com.


RAYE is currently the favourite to win in the Best Album category with the betting website giving her an 8/15 chance and a 65.2% probability.


  The betting firm said that viewers can expect a dig at her former label Polydor (which refused to release her album) if she does win.


  RAYE is also the favourite to snatch the Best Song award with bookmakers giving this a probability of 47.6%.


  However, it was warned that she faces "stiff competition" with Central Cee and Dave also reaching the top of the charts in previous months.


  The site said: "Dave is looking to win his third Brit award while Central Cee, who has been nominated for five Brit awards before this year, is going for his first win.


  "Central Cee has a second chance of winning best single with ‘Let Go’, which reached number six in the UK charts.


  "Calvin Harris and Ellie Goulding lead the rest of the nominations for best song with their third collaboration ‘Miracle’, which is priced at 5/1."


    official timezone check 🌎
    now ya can't miss it #BRITs pic.twitter.com/ZvHNR3ztcN


  Bookmakers have also given RAYE a 50% chance of winning in the British Artist of The Year category.


  The site said: "The nominees for best British artist shows just how strong the music scene is in this country right now. RAYE is one of the best new acts to emerge in the last few years and this could be a very memorable evening for her.


  "If she takes the British Artist of the Year award, she will have earned it. Dua Lipa has a great chance of adding to her six Brit awards and three Grammys."


  Three music heavyweights are in the running to win in the international category with Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus and Olivia Rodrigo battling it out.


The BRITs airs tonight (Saturday, March 2) from 8:30 pm on ITV1 and ITVX.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.