Manage your account
"Hearst Magazines and Yahoo may earn commission or revenue on some items through these links."
From Taylor Swift making history to Miley Cyrus finally taking the stage as a winner, the 66th Grammy Awards featured plenty of memorable celebrations on Sunday night.
Swift became a 14-time Grammy recipient with two new wins, including a record-breaking triumph for Album of the Year. Meanwhile, Cyrus won her first two Grammys ever off the success of her No. 1 song “Flowers,” including Record of the Year.
Beyond the powerful pop star tandem, female artists received a large portion of the hardware handed out at Cyrpto.com Arena in Los Angeles. Hip-hop and R&B star SZA turned her leading nine nominations into three wins, including Best R&B Song, Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, and Best Progressive R&B Album. One of her collaborators, Phoebe Bridgers of indie rock group boygenius, had an even bigger haul—more on that in a bit.
Toss in a couple of live performances from living icons like Billy Joel and Tracy Chapman, and the ceremony certainly had its share of high points. Here’s a summary of all the major winners and biggest takeaways from the show.
[table-of-contents] stripped
If you might have missed the 2024 Grammy Awards on Sunday, don’t worry. The ceremony is now streaming on Paramount+ to all subscribers.
Jon Batiste, World Music Radio
boygenius, the record
Miley Cyrus, Endless Summer Vacation
Lana Del Rey, Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd
Janelle Monáe, The Age of Pleasure
Olivia Rodrigo, GUTS
WINNER: Taylor Swift, Midnights
SZA, SOS
Swift, 34, had already delivered one of the biggest surprises of the night by announcing her next album, The Tortured Poets Department, due out April 19 before making Grammys history.
Midnights marked her sixth nomination for Album of the Year, tying her with Barbara Streisand for most by a female artist. And with her victory, the pop megastar became the first artist to take home the trophy for Album of the Year four times.
Her NFL boyfriend Travis Kelce will have to win his third Super Bowl ring on February 11 just to try to keep up.
Jon Batiste, “Worship”
boygenius, “Not Strong Enough”
WINNER: Miley Cyrus, “Flowers”
Billie Eilish, “What Was I Made For?”
Victoria Monét, “On My Mama”
Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire”
Taylor Swift, “Anti-Hero”
SZA, “Kill Bill”
Cyrus was nominated for her first Grammy all the way back in 2015 and can finally call herself a winner after taking home trophies for Record of the Year, as well as Best Pop Solo Performance for “Flowers.”
“This award is amazing, but I really hope it doesn’t change anything, because my life was beautiful yesterday,” Cyrus told the audience. “Not everyone in the world will get a Grammy, but everyone in this world is spectacular. So please don’t think that this is important, even though it’s very important, right, guys?”
The 31-year-old had already made history alongside her father, Billy Ray Cyrus, with her nomination in this category. According to Billboard, they are only the third parent-child combination to each receive a nod for Record of the Year, joining Frank and Nancy Sinatra, along with Nat King Cole and his daughter Natalie. However, she notably didn’t mention her father during her acceptance speech.
“A&W,” written by Jack Antonoff, Lana Del Rey, and Sam Dew (performed by Lana Del Rey)
“Anti-Hero,” written by Jack Antonoff and Taylor Swift (performed by Taylor Swift)
“Butterfly,” written by Jon Batiste and Dan Wilson (performed by Jon Batiste)
“Dance the Night,” written by Caroline Ailin, Dua Lipa, Mark Ronson, and Andrew Wyatt (performed by Dua Lipa)
“Flowers,” written by Miley Cyrus, Gregory Aldae Hein, and Michael Pollack (performed by Miley Cyrus)
“Kill Bill,” written by Rob Bisel, Carter Lang, and Solána Rowe (performed by SZA)
“Vampire,” written by Daniel Nigro and Olivia Rodrigo (performed by Olivia Rodrigo)
WINNER: “What Was I Made For?,” written by Billie Eilish O’Connell and Finneas O’Connell (performed by Billie Eilish)
BIllie Eilish earned Barbie bragging rights, besting Dua Lipa’s catchy dance track from the billion-dollar film with the pensive “What Was I Made For?”
The 2023 movie pulled in 11 total Grammy nominations with the help of its star-studded soundtrack. Eilish also won Best Song Written for Visual media, a category which had four songs from Barbie—including the guilty pleasure “I’m Just Ken.”
Maybe Ryan Gosling will be Ken-ough at the upcoming Academy Awards—where his memorable solo and Eilish’s tune are both nominated for Best Original Song.
Ice Spice
Gracie Abrams
Fred again..
Jelly Roll
Coco Jones
Noah Kahan
WINNER: Victoria Monét
The War And Treaty
Monét, 34, entered the night with seven nominations—tied for second most of any artist—and walked away with three trophies. She won for Best R&B Album and Best Engineered Album along the coveted Best New Artist honor. Some of the biggest stars in music, including Olivia Rodrigo, Megan Thee Stallion and Eilish, have won the latter, suggesting Monét is only beginning.
“I just want to say to everybody who has a dream, I want you to look at this as an example,” she said, detailing her 15-year pursuit of a Grammy.
While Swift and Cyrus grabbed some of the biggest headlines, neither was the biggest winner of the night. That was Phoebe Bridgers of boygenius, who took home more trophies than anyone, with four.
The supergroup won Grammys for Best Alternative Music Album for the record, plus Best Rock Song and Best Rock Performance for “Not Strong Enough.” Meanwhile, Bridgers added a fourth win for Best Pop Duo/Group Performance for “Ghost in the Machine,” her collaboration with SZA.
The Grammys teased a mystery presenter for the final award of the night. It was none other than Céline Dion in an unexpected public appearance.
The 55-year-old announced in 2022 she was diagnosed with stiff person syndrome, a neurological disorder that can cause muscle stiffness and painful spasms. She canceled the entirety of her Courage World Tour in May 2023, and it’s unclear if she will ever return to performing—though she has vowed to do so. Just last week, she announced a new documentary detailing her health struggles coming to Amazon Prime, I Am: Céline Dion.
“Thank you, all. I love you right back,” she said after receiving a standing ovation. “When I say that I’m happy to be here, I really mean it from my heart.”
Three Grammy winners of years past—with 19 trophies among them—all stole the show with their live music.
Tracy Chapman, 59, made a rare public appearance to perform “Fast Car” with Luke Combs, whose cover of her 1988 hit was nominated for Best Country Solo Performance.
Folk singer Joni Mitchell, who is continuing her career resurgence after nearly dying from a brain aneurysm in 2015, was joined onstage by Brandi Carlile for an emotional rendition of “Both Sides, Now.” The 80-year-old Mitchell was also a winner herself, with her live album At Newport named Best Folk Album.
Lastly, “Piano Man” and “We Didn’t Start the Fire” singer Billy Joel debuted the song “Turn the Lights Back On,” his first new music in almost two decades. The 74-year-old received a standing ovation from attendees for the performance, then closed out the show minutes later with his hit “You May Be Right.”
The 2024 ceremony included three new categories: Best African Music Performance, Best Alternative Jazz Album, and Best Pop Dance Recording. Those awards were won by Tyla, Meshell Ndegeocello, and Kylie Minogue, respectively.
You Might Also Like
Nicole Richie’s Surprising Adoption Story
The Story of Gypsy Rose Blanchard and Her Mother
Queen Camilla's Life in Photos