Don’t wait a fortnight to purchase this buzzy bag.
Accessory brand Aupen became a Hollywood style sensation this year, with stars like Taylor Swift toting its Nirvana Bag ($340) — an “It” purse far less pricey than superatar go-tos from the likes of Stella McCartney and Versace.
But after the brand announced this month that its design collective was closing, it seemed the sold-out purse might never be available again.
On Saturday, however, the brand dropped a limited restock of the Nirvana style in both black and white — meaning it just might be the last time shoppers can get their hands on one.
Swift carried the bag on a date with Travis Kelce in NYC in October, in addition to styling it with more formal attire for Jack Antonoff’s wedding in August.
She’s far from the only famous fan of the brand either; Selena Gomez carries the shimmery, sold-out Miracle Bag on repeat, while Beyoncé and daughter Blue Ivy share the popular Purpose style.
The latter angular bags also popped up on the likes of Hailey Bieber, Selena Gomez, Tracee Ellis Ross, Lindsay Lohan and Olivia Rodrigo (to name but a few).
“Influenced by art and architecture, we wanted to move away from the idea of perfection and embrace irregularity and to truly appreciate beauty with all its flaws,” the Aupen team, who prefer to remain anonymous, previously told Page Six Style of the label’s signature asymmetrical shapes.
With the fate of the fashion unclear, just be sure to snap one up fast if you’re hoping to add it to your closet. 
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.