Comedy fans were left reeling as Peter Kay cancelled his highly-anticipated Manchester gig with just 24 hours notice.
The beloved comedian was set to perform at the city's new Co-op Live arena tomorrow night, but the show has been abruptly called off.
The second of his performances on Wednesday has also been axed, leaving ticket holders deflated, but the wait won't be too long. The cause of the cancellation is a power supply issue at the venue, which is still in its final stages of completion.
Peter Kay expressed his regret, saying: "I'm truly gutted as I know how disappointing this will be for everyone with tickets, but obviously it's a brand-new venue and it's important that everything is finished and safe for full capacity audiences."
  READ MORE...    Loose Women viewers make same complaint just minutes into show  
He light-heartedly added, "Fortunately, we've been able to reschedule the shows to next week, (I'll have to miss my Bums and Tums class) but hopefully I'll see you then."
Despite a successful test event headlined by Rick Astley over the weekend, the Co-op Live Arena has acknowledged the need for more time before its grand opening. A spokesperson for the arena confirmed the postponement: "Following our first test event on Saturday, regretfully we have made the difficult decision to reschedule our two opening performances by Peter Kay. These dates will move from 23 April and 24 Wednesday to Monday 29 and Tuesday 30 April.", reports the Mirror.
"It is critical to ensure we have a consistent total power supply to our fully electric sustainable venue, the completion of which is a few days behind. Rescheduling gives us the extra time we need to continue testing thoroughly. This is vital to satisfy the rigorous set of guidelines and protocols that are necessary for a venue of this size."
"Peter Kay has very graciously agreed to perform his record-breaking comedy at Co-op Live on 29 (rescheduled from 23) and 30 (rescheduled from 24) April 2024. All tickets remain valid and ticket holders will be contacted by their point of purchase. Refunds will be available for those who can no longer attend."
  Don't miss...     Brenda Blethyn's eye-watering net worth and multiple homes as she quits show  [LATEST]     Strictly's Anton Du Beke says he'd be 'furious' if Cat Deeley signed up for show  [LATEST]     Vera star Brenda Blethyn's tearful exit statement in full after she almost quit  [LATEST] 
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
"We are very sorry for the inconvenience that this change will undoubtedly cause for some. We are thrilled to welcome Peter Kay as our grand opening act just a few days later than planned."
Organisers have postponed the first concert at a new arena in Manchester after being forced to slash attendance at a test event at the weekend. It comes after issues with power at the site, which are believed to have affected the fire safety and emergency services communication systems, led bosses to cut capacity from around 11,000 to 4,000 at Saturday night's test event - less than two hours before it was due to start.
While some fans have understood the reasoning behind the cancellations, for others there has been additional costs which has sparked outrage.
One viewer wrote on X: "So I have paid for train tickets and a hotel and you cancel the day before! Brilliant thank you! Oh and can't make next week!"
While another said: "Test event Saturday and two days later you decide to cancel at midday! Who will compensate my hotel and rail fare I no longer need!"
Insiders insisted 'everything was run down to the wire' before the show. Stars such as Olivia Rodrigo, Take That, Eric Clapton and Liam Gallagher are set to perform at the venue, which is located in the heart of the Ethiad Campus, adjacent to the Manchester City stadium.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated