"Fender and I worked closely together to make sure this bass not only looks amazing but sounds incredible in any setting"
Blu DeTiger has teamed up with Fender to unveil her limited edition signature Player Plus Jazz Bass.
The bass virtuoso’s axe features a Sky Burst Sparkle finish with sleek chrome hardware and a mirrored pickguard which reflects DeTiger’s “vibrant style”. It also has custom Blu DeTiger Fireball bass humbucker and Player Plus noiseless jazz bass pickups, a chambered lightweight ash body, a satin maple neck, and a bound 9.5” rosewood fingerboard which was designed for comfort during long performances.
Speaking about the collaboration in a press release, DeTiger said: “This bass is a reflection of everything I love about playing. I wanted an instrument that could handle the diversity of sounds I create, from deep, funky grooves to melodic lines that cut through the mix. Fender and I worked closely together to make sure this bass not only looks amazing but sounds incredible in any setting.”
Fender Blu DeTiger Jazz Bass. CREDIT: PRESS
Fender Blu DeTiger Jazz Bass. CREDIT: PRESS
“It’s been such an exciting journey with Blu DeTiger to get to where we are today, celebrating the launch of her signature bass! Blu’s innovative spirit and unique style resonate deeply with the next generation of players,” said Justin Norvell, EVP of Product at Fender Musical Instruments Corporation.
The Limited Edition Blu DeTiger x Player Plus Jazz Bass is priced at £1,399.00 and can be purchased from the official Fender website here. She joins the likes of Finneas, Tom DeLonge, Kurt Cobain, Duff McKagan, Mike Dirnt, Chrissie Hynde and more who have an artist signature guitar or bass with Fender.
DeTiger has previously performed with Bleachers on SNL, appeared in Olivia Rodrigo’s Driving Home 2 U (A Sour Film) and has worked with the likes of Dominic Fike, Caroline Polachek, Chromeo, and more. Her latest release was her 2024 debut LP ‘All I Ever Want Is Everything‘. In a four-star review of the album, NME shared: “You’re so unstable / yeah, so am I,” she sings, showing no signs of slowing things down even as the album comes to a close.
“When it finally does, you’re left with a surprisingly intimate impression of Blu. It’s a groovy, effortlessly cool debut, but it’s also an expression of character that doesn’t compromise on her raw talent as a musician. ‘All I Ever Want Is Everything’ is a bold statement, but with the meteoric trajectory Blu’s charting right now, she might just get it all.”
Previously speaking to NME about the creation of her album, DeTiger said: “A lot of the album is about that – it’s about growing up [over] the past few years and the transition of becoming an artist, what that means and how that feels, and the rollercoaster of emotions. I guess the through line [of the record] is figuring out how to deal with that and figuring out how to talk yourself out of the low moments and also enjoy the high moments. [It’s about] learning how to have fun and learning how to be satisfied with where you’re at.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.