Is she heralding the high-low skirt comeback, too? 
In case you missed it, bubble hems are back—and they seem to have found a new champion in Ayo Edebiri.
The Emmy-winning actor repped the bubble renaissance by wearing a dress from Loewe’s Fall/Winter 2024 ready-to-wear runway for the Los Angeles premiere of season three of The Bear. The piece featured a straight strapless neckline and a free-flowing, pillowy silhouette, with fabric spilling out from the top. The painterly floral print—which included pink, cobalt, and pale yellow flowers resting amongst laurels of greenery—added a feminine touch, while the asymmetrical hemline made me wonder if high-low dresses are also making their way back on the trend circuit. (The 2010s are clearly, like, so in vogue right now.)
Edebiri finished off her look with strappy white heeled sandals and a few showstopping jewelry pieces, including flower-shaped stud earrings encrusted with diamonds and cocktail ring bearing a megawatt pear-shaped gemstone in a dazzling blue.
Beauty-wise, she kept her glam fairly natural, simply adding some shimmery eye shadow and a nude lip. As for her hair, Edebiri styled her long wavy locks in a half-up, half-down ’do.
Edebiri talked about working with celebrity stylist Danielle Goldberg during an interview with Vanity Fair last month. “We just got kind of vulnerable,” she said of her first conversation with Goldberg, whose other clients include Olivia Rodrigo and Kaia Gerber. “I was like, ‘I feel very sad [because] people are telling me I’m primed to be this and I’m primed to be that, but I don’t feel like it’s being reflected.’ ” She recalled Goldberg’s stalwart response: “She was like, ‘You’re a leading lady, I will dress you as such.’ ”
Kendall Jenner’s Halter Plunges to New Depths
Florence Pugh Steps Out in Five Different Looks
Kate and William Show Rare PDA in New Photos
Dua Lipa Looks Cool In Leather Pants
Lucas Bravo & Shailene Woodley Are Official
Hailey Bieber’s Gucci Dress Is So Cinderella-Coded
Kylie and Timothée Show PDA at a Lakers Game
Charli XCX Posts a Photo Dump From Her Brat Tour
George and Amal Clooney's Relationship Timeline
Lorde's Dating History
Jen Aniston's Easy Look Is So Rachel Green-Coded
Blake Lively Carries Kitschy Pizza-Shaped Clutch
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.