An “amorous” couple looking to get it on in a train station knocked a sprinkler, leading to a massive flood.
The dramatic splash zone expanded quickly, and several Melbourne City Loop stations were forced to evacuate on the evening of October 10, Victoria Police said Wednesday (October 16).
“Metro have reviewed the CCTV footage and it would appear that an amorous couple in a stairwell dislodged a sprinkler,” Transport Infrastructure Minister Danny Pearson said.
READ MORE: Woman on 200-man bonkathon reveals timeline as she extends stay in one location
Click for more of the latest news from the Daily Star.
The wet incident happened on the same evening as an Olivia Rodrigo concert taking place in Melbourne that evening. According to the New York Post, flooding from the sprinkler caused numerous trains to ground to a halt resulting in chaos for people getting home after the pop star’s show.
Police and train operators had thought a vandal had sprung the leak underneath a stairwell, but further images revealed it was the cosy couple. The pair caused damage to a water pipe and a sprinkler system at the Melbourne Central station, while the Flagstaff stations were evacuated too.
The lovers’ tryst couldn’t have come at a worse time, with Rodrigo’s show stopping set having just come to an end across the road at the Rod Laver Arena.
The raunchy spillage came just days before Rodrigo’s GUTS tour made headlines when the singer sent fans into a panic after falling through a hole in the stage during the Melbourne leg.
In the middle of her energetic performance on October 14, the 21-year-old starlet vanished from sight, plunging through an opening on stage, prompting shocked gasps from her audience.
Shrugging off the fall, the Good 4 U singer quipped: "Wow. Sometimes, there's just a hole in the stage." Post-fall, some of the star’s followers were buzzing with the idea that she might spin this event into creative gold for her next hit or album.
In any case, Rodrigo’s fall was handled a bit more gracefully than the romping partners earlier on in the week.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.