Rising alt-pop star Benee will join as support for the Aussie shows.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Olivia Rodrigo is continuing to expand her Guts World Tour, announcing Wednesday (May 8) that she’s adding nine new dates in Asia and Australia to the trek for this fall.

	The new dates will mark the pop star’s first time touring in both places, bringing her up to a total of 82 shows globally by the time the endeavor ends later this year. The Asian leg kicks off Sept. 16 in Bangkok, Thailand, and will find Rodrigo traveling through Seoul, Hong Kong and Tokyo. Unveiling the new dates on her Instagram Story, the half-Filipina singer also teased, “Stay tuned, Manila!”

	










	Soon afterward, Rodrigo will play two shows in Melbourne followed by two in Sydney in October. She’ll be joined for all four Australian shows by rising alt-pop star Benee, who’s known for the mega-viral TikTok hit “Supalonely,” which peaked at No. 39 on the Billboard Hot 100 in 2020.




			Trending on Billboard		






	The “Vampire” singer is currently in the midst of her trek’s European leg, which began April 30 in Dublin. It follows her initial run of shows in North America, which featured stops in Palm Springs, Calif., New York City, Toronto and more cities.

	“europe leg of the GUTS world tour has been wonderful so far!!!!” she wrote on Instagram following the new announcement, sharing photos from her past performances. “so much luv for everyone who has been coming 2 jump and sing and scream!!! Asia and Australia dates just announced!!! hope to see ya there!!!”

	The news comes just a few days after Rodrigo was forced to postponed her show in Manchester planned for Friday (May 3) due to technical difficulties at the Co-Op Live arena. “I’m sooooo disappointed that we’re unable to perform in Manchester due to on-going venue-related technical issues,” she wrote on her Story at the time. “I’m so bummed and I really hope to see you all soon.”

	See all nine of Rodrigo’s newly added Guts World Tour dates in Asia and Australia below:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.