BRB buying a copycat of Kendall's white mini dress(es)... 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
If Met Gala red carpet looks are the fashion Olympics, then Met Gala after-party looks are the 100-meter dash. They're fun, flashy, and require some of the fastest outfit changes celebs (read: their stylists, makeup artists, hair stylists, and personal assistants) pull off all year. And very much unlike the couture creations seen on the Met steps, they're relatively easy to recreate.
While the tulle ball gowns and Swarovski crystals celebs donned for this year's 'Garden of Time'-themed Met Gala are probs too avant-garde for everyday life, the floral party dresses and ethereal matching sets they changed into later are far more approachable. In fact, trend forecasters (like moi) consider celebs' late-Monday-night looks to be a barometer for emerging summer fashion trends. So, I'm giving you the 411 on how to recreate the best Met Gala after-party outfits of 2024. 
From EmRata's exposed lingerie to Kendall Jenner's ethereal white mini-dresses, this year's Met Gala after-party looks have all the ingredients of a great party outfit, so let them serve as inspo for an upcoming birthday party, bachelorette bash, concert outfit, or girls' night out! Sticking to the exhibit's theme of 'Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion,' most celebrities wore custom designer creations or archival pieces, but you can channel their looks with these affordable picks below.
While Doja Cat's Vetements Met Gala looks—after-party shapewear included—are a little too scandy to copy verbatim, you can channel her nearly-naked vibes with skin tone-colored clothing and sheer mesh fabrics. Grab this Skims slip dress and Zemeta matching set to create a similar night-out look that won't lead to a public indecency charge.  
True to form, Emily Ratajkowski barely wore anything to the Met Gala or the after-parties that followed. Last night, she wore an archival beaded dress designed by Alexander McQueen for Givenchy's Spring/Summer 1998 collection over a black bra and thong. Channel her look this summer by layering an embellished sheer dress over a black lingerie set or a fringe swimsuit cover-up over a black bikini.
Can't decide which party dress to wear? Pull a Kendall Jenner and wear not one, but two fits to the function. Last night, she stepped out in an angelic white mini dress designed by Alexander McQueen for Givenchy's Spring/Summer 1997 collection and a white lace corset and mini skirt by Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood. In hand, she had the perfect accessory for your little white dress: a bottle of 818 tequila.
You might as well call this shade "Sabrina Carpenter blue" after last night's Met Gala. First, it was an Oscar de la Renta gown as she and Barry Keoghan made their red carpet debut. Then, it was a fun, flower-covered mini dress for the after-parties. Needless to say, a light blue floral dress will add a shot of "that me espresso" to your next special occasion.
After shutting down the Met Gala red carpet in miles and miles of black tulle, Cardi B changed into a custom red gown from Revolve Atelier for a late-night performance. Lucky for you, Cardi B's Met Gala after-party look will be available for purchase on Revolve and FWRD soon—and there are plenty other red corset dresses like it available now.
If you've been obsessed with the cheeky white tanks Olivia Rodrigo has been wearing all GUTS Tour long, you'll love Winnie Harlow's Met Gala after-party outfit. And, you'll love even more that her 'no bra' tank top is only $12. Prepare to see white graphic tanks (and perhaps some exposed underwear) all over your social media feed in the coming months. 
After showing up to the Met Gala in a gown made with over 84,000 Swarovski crystals, supermodel and Swarovski muse Irina Shayk switched into an equally sparkly after-party dress. Even better, she kept on some of the *stunning* crystal chokers and bracelets she wore on the red carpet. Might I suggest spicing up your next GNO dress with a similar oversized crystal necklace?
Sarah Maberry is a fashion and luxury commerce editor at Hearst Magazines, where she covers fashion, beauty and pop culture. A seasoned trend forecaster and fashion historian, she analyzes viral products and trends on a deeper level, helping readers determine what's worth buying. When she’s not writing for ELLE, Harper’s BAZAAR, Town & Country, Esquire, Cosmopolitan and other publications, she can be found roaming the Museum at FIT (her alma matter) or sewing her own couture while she binge-watches reality TV.
 
Here’s How Buying Met Gala Tickets Works
We Dug Deep for These Superior Met Gala Looks
What Actually Happens at the Met Gala Inside?
These Celebs Are Banned (!!) From the Met Gala
The Most Awkward Met Gala Moments of All Time
There's Apparently a “Met Gala Curse”
All About the 2025 Met Gala Theme
Here’s the Deal on Miley’s Drummer BF Maxx
Ryan and Eva’s Relationship Timeline
The Truth About Kendall's Met Gala Dress...
What Gigi Hadid Said on the Met Gala Carpet
Met Gala 2024 Lip-Reading, Incoming!
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.