Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
We lathered. We slathered. We even... slugged. 
For Shop TODAY's sophomore Beauty Awards, the limits of TODAY staffers' testing knew no bounds. From head to toe, we personally tried hundreds of products across categories including skin and body care, hair care, makeup and more. After rigorous trials, we narrowed down the list to the crème de la crème of the beauty world, with 155(!) winners we think truly deserve a spot in our — and your — routine.
To make shopping these picks a little easier, we've compiled all of the winners on our list that are sold on Amazon right here. You'll want to act fast, though: If last year's Beauty Awards taught us anything, it's that we can't expect all of these standouts to stay in stock for long.
Ready for a one-stop shop? Just keep scrolling, or click on one of the categories below to jump ahead.
Skin care | Body care | Hair care | Makeup | Meet the experts | How we chose | Has your product been featured?
Winner: Best overall night cream
Award: Best overall night cream | Score: 5/5
"I really loved this product — it seemed to seal in hydration well overnight," notes senior director of art and photography Kara Haupt. "The texture was close to a body butter, but was not sticky like “slugging” can be."
TODAY readers can save 35% off this product with code TODAY, on the brand's site. 
Award: Best anti-aging moisturizer | Score: 4.33/5
"As someone who’s used the same moisturizer for the past 20 years, this cream was the first product I’ve tried that I’d consider replacing my long-time moisturizer with," says lifestyle reporter Sarah Lemire. "I not only used it on my face, but also my neck. A solid win. I’m not 100% sure that it 'firmed' my skin, per se, but it’s really a great product. I also loved that it wasn’t scent-heavy."
"It contains argireline, a particular peptide, acetyl hexapeptide-3, known for its ability to reduce muscle movement and the accompanying wrinkles," adds Dr. Michelle Henry, a board-certified dermatologist and surgeon we consulted. "It is often referred to as needle-less Botox."
Winner: Best overall facial cleanser for dry skin
Award: Best overall facial cleanser for dry skin | Score: 5/5
"At first, I was surprised at how watery this cleanser was, not oily at all," observes TODAY Parents reporter Rosie Colosi. "I’m used to some kind of soapy foaming but this doesn’t at all, so I was concerned it if was working. But after using it nightly, I really liked how hydrating this cleanser is and how fresh my face feels. It hasn’t made my face dryer at all. I will say a con about this is that it doesn’t full take off my waterproof mascara, so I have to cleanse twice when I wear makeup."
Winner: Best overall facial cleanser for oily skin
Award: Best overall facial cleanser for oily skin | Score: 5/5
"This cleanser is non-stripping, gentle but also highly effective," says production coordinator Camryn Privette. "It leaves my skin feeling soft and clean but also hydrated."
Winner: Best overall exfoliator for face
Award: Best overall exfoliator for face | Score: 5/5
"Love, love, love this product," gushes Jude Bender, mom of Shop TODAY senior editor Jess Bender. "Gentle exfoliate, nice light lemon fragrance. Makes [my] skin feel and look refreshed."
Winner: Best splurge exfoliating mask
Award: Best splurge exfoliating mask | Score: 5/5
"Love this product!" raves Marquita Pagnotta, mom of editorial operations manager Jill Ortiz. "There was a noticeable difference in my skin the first time I tried it."
Winner: Best overall hydrating serum
Award: Best overall hydrating serum | Score: 5/5
"I actually loved this," says lifestyle reporter Elise Solé. "It makes my skin feel extra smooth for quite a while and it has a neutral smell."
Winner: Best budget retinol
Award: Best budget retinol | Score: 5/5
"Right away I loved that this retinol is a cream — I usually have to follow retinol serums up with a heavy moisturizer, so it was great that this was two products in one. Huge time saver," praises senior editor Rheana Murray. "I used this liberally day and night for two weeks and only saw some very light peeling on my cheeks, so this also seemed gentler than other retinols I’ve used. I’d definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a low-maintenance and low-cost way to add retinol to their skin care routine."
Winner: Best overall vitamin C serum
Award: Best overall vitamin C serum | Score: 5/5
"This brightening serum features vitamin C, which is a powerful antioxidant that helps to brighten the skin, reduce dark spots, and promote an even skin tone," shares Dr. Michael Bassiri-Tehrani, a double-board certified facial plastic and reconstructive surgeon we consulted. "The tri-peptide complex helps to stimulate collagen production, improving skin firmness and elasticity. Together, these ingredients work to enhance skin radiance and reduce the signs of aging."
"Vitamin C can be unstable when exposed to light and air, so it’s important to store this serum in a cool, dark place and ensure the bottle is tightly closed," Bassiri-Tehrani advises. "People with very sensitive skin might experience some initial tingling or irritation, so starting with a patch test is advisable."
Winner: Best overall lip treatment
Award: Best overall lip treatment | Score: 5/5
"This lip butter smells delicious and gives my lips a flattering tint," notes associate reporter Sophie Caldwell. "It looks like a gloss, but hydrates like a balm."
Winner: Best overall eye cream
Award: Best overall eye cream | Score: 5/5
"This is my favorite eye cream I’ve ever used," swears Privette. "Since it’s packed with vitamin C, it makes my skin feel so soft and smooth to the touch. It goes on like a dream before I catch my beauty sleep."
According to Dr. Henry, this product is "formulated with a host of antioxidants aimed at brightening and soothing the skin. Tetrahexyldecyl ascorbate, a stable form of Vitamin C, stimulates collagen synthesis and reduces melanogenesis, resulting in brighter skin. Dark eye circles are a common complaint, and a highly concentrated brightening product for this area is always a fan favorite."
Winner: Best overall neck cream
Award: Best overall neck cream | Score: 4.17/5
"This cream targets crepey skin with ingredients like hexyl-R complex, which helps to improve skin elasticity and firmness," notes Bassiri-Tehrani. "It also contains moisturizing agents that hydrate and plump the skin, reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. The formula is designed to improve the texture and tone of both the face and neck, areas that often show early signs of aging."
"Users should note that consistent application is key to seeing results with this product," Bassiri-Tehrani adds. "While it is suitable for all skin types, those with very oily skin might find it too rich. As with all anti-aging products, it’s important to use sunscreen during the day to protect the skin from further damage."
Winner: Best overall sunscreen for darker skin tones
Award: Best overall sunscreen for darker skin tones | Score: 5/5
"A little bit goes a long way, so this will last me a long time," says contributor Anne Smith. "The smell was perfect, not overpowering (it was a bit fruity and very pleasant)."
Winner: Best overall sunscreen for face
Award: Best overall sunscreen for face | Score: 5/5
"As a fair-skinned person with a lifelong love/hate relationship with sunscreen (I usually dislike the feel, texture, pasty white sheen and smell), this quality impressed me!" enthuses weekend editor Maddie Ellis. "It went on like a gentle lotion. It definitely still has that sunscreen-y smell, but it lasted long, offered protection and didn’t make my body and face feel oily."
Dr. Henry says this is "a long-loved product because of its combination of zinc oxide and hyaluronic acid. The mineral zinc oxide provides broad-spectrum protection against UVA and UVB rays by reflecting the sun’s rays. Hyaluronic acid is known for its ability to retain moisture, holding up to 1000 times its weight in water, which helps to keep the skin deeply hydrated."
Winner: Best remover pads
Award: Best makeup remover pads | Score: 5/5
With 120 pads in a container for under $10, this eye makeup remover is a steal. Our editors love that it’s effective at removing eye makeup quickly, gently and without added oil. Plus, the pads are actually biodegradable, according to the brand.
Winner: Best overall cleansing balm
Award: Best overall cleansing balm | Score: 5/5
“With just a small amount of the cleansing balm and warm water, my makeup came right off,” says former Shop TODAY page Laura Millar. “I love how this product isn’t just a makeup remover; it really helps cleanse my skin. That said, I did end up getting a small amount of the balm in my eyes, but it didn’t burn or irritate them. I’m excited to continue using this product — it’s so much better than make up wipes or liquid remover!”
Winner: Best overall body oil
Award: Best overall body oil | Score: 4.67/5
"I really loved this!" Production coordinator Isy Tocci raves of this body oil. "I went to San Diego and brought this to the beach, it made my skin look gorg and also kept me sunburn-free at SPF 50. For the rest of the trip I was using this and it smelled amazing. One thing to note is the sprayer got clogged pretty easily at the beach with sand."
Winner: Best body butter
Award: Best body butter | Score: 4.22/5
"10/10 perfect product," awards producer Phoebe Curran. "Will be using all summer when my skin gets dry. Smells great. It is very thick though (it is a body butter) so if you like a more lightweight cream this is not the one for you!"
Winner: Best overall exfoliating body moisturizer
Award: Best overall exfoliating body moisturizer | Score: 4/5
"I love how it’s fragrance-free," notes social media video producer Peyton Young. "It applies nicely but can be slightly oily. I wish it were a pump bottle instead of a squeeze. But overall, it locks in moisture really fast and I like the added retinol. I would buy again, especially during drier months."
Winner: Best overall firming body lotion
Award: Best overall firming body lotion | Score: 5/5
"Not too strong of a scent," according to former insights associate Ya'nique Van Ness. "[It] applied easily and kept skin moisturized all day."
Winner: Best overall body scrub
Award: Best overall body scrub | Score: 5/5
"The body scrub is a great exfoliator, says Pagnotta. "It left my skin super smooth."
Winner: Best overall self-tanner
Award: Best overall self-tanner | Score: 4.89/5
"I’ve used a few self tanners in the past but this self-tanner was a sleeper hit!" says senior producer Lindsey Bomnin. "This self tanner formula didn’t smell as strongly as others do and it went on smoothly and easily. The best part: after it dried, it didn’t feel sticky at all!" 
"Another big plus, the color didn’t transfer to my sheets overnight before showering it off the next morning," Bomnin adds. "And the actual tan looked pretty good, not orangey. So pleasantly surprised by this brand I’ve never heard of."
Winner: Best nail strengthener
Award: Best nail strengthener | Score: 4.17/5
“I started doing my own nails every week during the pandemic,” explains TODAY Health reporter Sarah Jacoby. “All of that painting and removing made them really dry and made them peel. I started paying a LOT more attention to my nail habits and decided to try the OG nail strengthener — OPI Nail Envy. I’ve actually been using this product for a few years now, almost every week, and have seen a dramatic improvement in my nails!”
“I started out using it according to the product instructions — adding a new layer every day for 7 days, then taking it off and starting over. This felt like a really nourishing, protective treatment that helped my nails regain their own strength and kickstart the healing process,” Jacoby adds. “Since then, I alternate using it as a base coat with my actual base coat (so I use it every other week) and find that it continues to protect my nails under polish. I also find that it makes polish easier to take off, which is a win for me. I love this stuff!”
Winner: Best overall cuticle oil
Award: Best overall cuticle oil | Score: 4.83/5
“I loved this cuticle oil,” says managing editor Danielle Brennan. “I loved the scent. A little bit goes a long way. I loved that it was in a small bottle and featured a dropper. I put it on each day and I felt it immediately worked.”
Winner: Best overall shampoo for dandruff and dry scalp
Award: Best overall shampoo for dandruff and dry scalp | Score: 4.83/5
"So, so good," Young raves. "I’ve tried other anti-dandruff shampoos but this is by far my favorite. I love the clean scent, reminds me of a spa or fancy hotel products. It doesn’t feel medicinal like other dandruff shampoos can feel. Ouai’s just feels like a really nice shampoo that happens to have anti-dandruff properties, and I really love that. My hair also felt so soft after using. Would highly recommend."
Dr. Henry adds that this is "formulated with a gentle 2% concentration of salicylic acid, which provides both surface-level and pore-deep anti-inflammatory exfoliation due to its lipid-soluble nature. However, users with sensitive skin or unknown allergies should be mindful that this product contains fragrance. It also contains olefin Sulfonate, which is known for its abundant foaming and cleansing capabilities; however, this can be harsh on the skin."
Winner: Best overall shampoo for frizz-prone hair
Award: Best overall shampoo for frizz-prone hair | Score: 4.67
"I’ve been a fan of Redken hair products for years, and this shampoo did not disappoint," praises commerce editor Amanda Fama. "I have very frizzy hair, but after using this shampoo and blow-drying, I experienced way less frizz. My hair was softer than usual, too, and it smells wonderful!"
Winner: Best overall volumizing shampoo
Award: Best overall volumizing shampoo | Score: 4.67
"I loved this Oribe shampoo," says Lemire. "It lathered up easily and honestly felt very luxurious on my hair. I didn’t need to rinse and repeat, which is always a bonus. The scent was delightful without being too perfumey. It definitely gave my hair a lift and made styling a breeze."
Winner: Best overall clarifying shampoo
Award: Best overall clarifying shampoo | Score: 5/5
"I am a big fan of K18’s biomimetic technology designed to maintain optimum hair health and strength," says Rogério Cavalcante, a haistylist and founder of The Second Floor Salon in New York we consulted. "This shampoo is a great way to keep the hair and scalp free and clean of oils, environmental pollutants, and product buildup that can weigh hair down and cause dull smoothness and shine. Salicylic acid unclogs hair follicles to allow for maximum product penetration and effectiveness."
Winner: Best overall leave-in conditioner
Award: Best overall leave-in conditioner | Score: 4.83/5
"I loved this," gushes editor Rebecca Brown. "I used it as directed — as a leave-in — but as someone with wavy hair that loses any definition in the morning, I found myself using this to zhush up my hair every morning. For the first time, I was wearing it down because the product just dried so nicely. I’d always prefer a product with no fragrance, but it definitely did what it was supposed to do, and more."
Winner: Best overall hair serum for thinning hair
Award: Best overall hair serum for thinning hair | Score: 4.33/5
"I’ve been using this since our last Beauty Awards in 2023," says deputy editorial director Ali Deabler. "I really like it. I feel like it calms my scalp and reduces any redness or itch. I don’t know that I’ve seen a lot of hair growth from it since it’s for thinning, but it hasn’t impacted anything. And I feel like my scalp is healthier overall when I use it."
Winner: Best overall hair serum
Award: Best overall hair serum | Score: 4.5/5
"Product is excellent on damaged hair," observes Jude Bender. "I’ve used nightly and see a big difference. Very nice light scent."
Winner: Best overall scalp treatment
Award: Best overall scalp treatment | Score: 5/5
"This is probably the first treatment that I’ve used that’s actually worked to improve the current state of my head (I have oily patches intermingling with a dry scalp — how does that make sense?!)," Jess Bender shares. "From initial use, I started to notice a significant difference in how my scalp felt after washing and felt less of an urge to scratch at my irritations. This has also been great for adding another day in between my wash days since my roots aren’t getting as greasy as quickly. I’d give this 50 stars if I could, that’s how pleased I am with this scalp treatment."
Winner: Best overall heat protectant
Award: Best overall heat protectant | Score: 5/5
"This oil heat protectant is great for those who feel like creamy formulas weigh down their hair," advises Cavalcante. "It’s super affordable and leaves hair shiny. Just spray a little bit on damp hair after washing and before blow-drying."
Winner: Best budget hair mask
Award: Best budget hair mask | Score: 4.5/5
"Left my hair hydrated and smelled amazing!" claims senior associate Donna Pilikyan. "I got a couple of compliments on the smell of my hair after I used this. I really like Mielle products and this one is no exception!"
Winner: Best splurge hair mask for curly hair
Award: Best splurge hair mask for curly hair | Score: 4.33/5
"This mask left my hair feeling really soft and smooth," says associate editor Kamari Stewart. "My hair was easy to detangle afterward and the curl definition I had was really nice. I noticed after applying a little to my roots (not too much) I didn’t have as much flaking/dryness as I usually do, so it definitely provides moisture and hydration."
Winner: Best overall curl cream
Award: Best overall curl cream | Score: 5/5
Shop TODAY social media editorial assistant Annie Shigo swore off ineffective curl creams that left her hair “greasy and limp” — until she tried Rizos Curls Defining Cream. Unlike other products she’d used, “this cream focuses on keeping moisture locked into your hair by adding more volume to your roots and enhancing your natural curl pattern without leaving it looking greasy.”
An added bonus? Shigo said it prevented her hair from frizzing or knotting up by the end of the day, making it perfect for the summer months.
Winner: Best overall texturizing spray
Award: Best overall texturizing spray | Score: 4.5/5
"I have stick straight hair that does not hold any heat styling very well, but this spray created volume and texture so the heat would have something to ‘grab’ onto," says photo editor Vivian Le. "Typically, if I style my hair the same day I wash it, it will never hold. I usually have to wait for day 2 hair to style, but this spray solved my hair woes."
"Another key thing that I didn’t realize initially is that this product is also a heat protectant," notes Le. "At first, I had just been using it as a hair finisher, but when I started to use it before styling, it helped create a grip on my hair and also allowed me to cut out another product from the routine. Truly my favorite all-in-one product I got to test."
Winner: Best overall round brush
Award: Best overall round brush | Score: 4.67/5
“The name of this is a little deceiving — it doesn’t actually “blow out” your hair — but wow does it make you look like you just got a fresh salon blowout," Ortiz gushes.
"I’m a bit of a novice when it comes to styling," Ortiz admits. "But if you know what you’re doing I am so sure you can make an absolutely gorgeous style with this. I like that you can use it on dry hair... I think this is perfect for touch-ups before work or for when you want a nice, blown out look for a night out or dinner."
Winner: Best overall curling iron
Award: Best overall curling iron | Score: 5/5
"I can’t believe it took me this long to try the OG Hot Tools curling iron," exclaims associate partnerships editor Lauren Witonsky. "I actually thought it was so much more expensive because of the look and feel of it, but was impressed to find out it’s under $100. I prefer to wrap my hair around the barrel manually instead of using the clamp, and it worked well that way — giving me the perfect voluminous Victoria’s Secret-esque waves that have lasted all day. Plus, I love that you can control the heat setting to prevent damage (the lowest setting worked great for me)."
Winner: Best overall hair dryer
Award: Best overall hair dryer | Score: 4.67/5
"One thing I love about T3 in general is how lightweight their tools are and this travel sized hair dryer is even lighter than their other tools," gushes Clayton Hawkins, a hairstylist we consulted. "It still packs a mighty punch for it’s size. But this is perfect for people whose arms get tired when they do their hair."
Winner: Best overall hair straightener
Award: Best overall hair straightener | Score: 4.33/5
"This hair straightener is lightweight, easy to use and hot enough for my thick hair," explains commerce writer Jannely Espinal. "It goes up to 460 degrees and is easy to pack into your backpack or carry-on. Also, it’s pretty easy to use as a curling iron (but you need to have technique) if you need more volume. Overall, this product is a great one that will last you for a long time."
Wnner: Best overall liquid blush
Award: Best overall liquid blush | Score: 5/5
"I have used this blush before and I would buy it again," swears social video producer Anita Chomenko. "This little tube lasts a while and a little really does go a long way! It’s highly pigmented, easily blendable, and provides a nice energetic flush. I’ve used this in combination with bronzer and by itself. I love the little “paint” packaging. You can add as little or as much as you want, depending on how much of a flush you want to have."
Winner: Best gel eyeliner
Award: Best gel eyeliner | Score: 4.67/5
"I normally don’t like pencil eyeliners, but this one surprised me," confesses associate editor Shannon Garlin. "It went on smoothly and had great staying power. If you do prefer pencil eyeliners, this one is a great option."
Winner: Best budget eye shadow stick
Award: Best budget eye shadow stick | Score: 5/5
"This eye shadow stick is incredibly easy to use, and it even comes with a blending sponge on the other end," says Caldwell. "The color is very buildable, and the texture is lovely — and did I mention how easy it was to blend? It lasted all day, too."
Winner: Best overall full coverage foundation
Award: Best full coverage foundation | Score: 5/5
“I really like this foundation, great coverage and smooth finish left my skin ready for the next few layers of makeup,” says Jackie Fama, mom of commerce editor Amanda Fama. “The foundation is waterproof so it stayed on for a long time during the day without touchup. The color I chose for this foundation was pretty perfect for my complexion. This foundation gave a nice smooth finish for me to apply the rest of my makeup without obvious creases in my skin.”
Winner: Best CC cream for redness
Award: Best CC cream for redness | Score: 5/5
"I love this! I was shocked by how much this evened out my skin tone and took care of redness," notes Colosi of this CC cream. "Definitely working this into my daily routine and will likely repurchase."
Winner: Best bronzing drops
Award: Best bronzing drops | Score: 4.75/5
Editorial assistant Madison San Miguel tried these new bronzing drops earlier this year and says it gives her skin a serious glow. It’s an update of the brand’s bestselling Niacinamide Dew Drops that adds tint and radiance to the original formula. San Miguel says it “gives you the ‘I was just on a beach vacation’ look” — who couldn’t use that heading into summer?
Winner: Best overall lip gloss
Award: Best overall lip gloss | Score: 4.67/5
"I tried the shade “Butterscotch” and was pleasantly surprised by how flattering it is," confesses Ortiz. "While it looks like a darker nude shade (which as a Latina, I thought would make me look a little stereotypical), I actually really liked how it came out. It glides on so smooth and I don’t think it needs a lip liner!"
Winner: Best overall liquid lipstick
Award: Best overall liquid lipstick | Score: 5/5
"This lipstick definitely lives up to its name," attests Amanda Fama. "After just a few minutes, it wouldn’t budge. I have the DaVita shade, and it’s a deep, rich maroon tone with some shine. I really like it for a bold look!"
Winner: Best budget lip oil
Award: Best budget lip oil | Score: 4.11/5
"Cute! I liked this pink cast, found it very flattering," notes Haupt. "A little grainy after awhile (the glitter?), but to be expected. Nice product."
Winner: Best overall primer
Award: Best overall primer | Score: 5/5
"This primer is super lightweight, and it feels like moisturizer as you’re applying it (the hydration is super apparent!)," Amanda Fama says. "It also dries instantly and provides a smooth base for your makeup. I’m a fan."
Winner: Best budget setting powder
Award: Best budget setting powder | Score: 5/5
At less than $7, this setting powder comes in the shades translucent, banana and deep. It received a perfect score among testers for its fine texture, mattifying properties and staying power.
Winner: Best setting spray
Award: Best setting spray | Score: 5/5
Speaking from personal experience, this is hands down the best setting spray I’ve ever used. It actually locked my makeup in for 18 hours — I applied it at 9 a.m. in the office, got caught in the rain and my beat was still on my face and in place when I got home from going out at 3 a.m. It has a really smooth spray, too... it's more like a fine, continuous mist. This is my new go-to.
Winner: Best budget lengthening mascara
Award: Best budget lengthening mascara | Score: 4.5/5
"Who knew my lashes were this long?" asks associate social media editor Dani Musacchio. "It also left my lashes looking curled, which is impressive because they’re normally pretty flat. While this mascara isn’t super volumizing, I like how it feels weightless on my lashes and doesn’t feel like I’m wearing mascara at all. I have tried the waterproof version of this mascara and I prefer this “washable” version because it still lasts all day but will come off easily with a makeup remover or cleansing balm. Plus, you really can’t beat the price."
Winner: Best overall makeup brush set
Award: Best overall makeup brush set | Score: 5/5
"You can’t go wrong with Real Techniques. They’re affordable and work so well," praises commerce writer Danielle Murphy. "I was able to do 90% of my makeup with this set alone. The only thing that could make this set better is if it came with a flat foundation brush instead of a sponge, but that’s just a personal preference."
We sorted through nearly 1,200 new launches, editor recommendations, trending and tried-and-true products to come up with 155 winners. We hosted an in-house glam session, putting them through practical experiments to see if they meet requirements when it comes to value, satisfaction and quality for makeup, skin care, beauty and hair products and tools. Over the course of up to four months, our team of editors and writers tried products in every beauty category: hair, body, skin and makeup. Finally, our panel of experts reviewed some of our winners to give their sign-off based on ingredients and other factors.
Shop TODAY is editorially independent and our team of editors and writers work hard to pick the best products to share with our readers and viewers. We may license our logo to brands or products that have been featured on Shop TODAY. Click here if you’re interested in licensing your inclusion in Shop TODAY content or to learn more from our licensing partner, Wrights Media.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.