By 

	Tomás Mier


PinkPantheress is putting her health first. On Thursday, the musician announced that she’d be canceling all of her shows for the remainder of the year to prioritize her physical health and “overall well-being.”

	“It is with the heaviest heart that I sadly have to announce that I will not be able to continue with the rest of my live shows this year in order to focus on my physical health and overall well-being,” she wrote in an Instagram story. “It appears I have reached a wall which I am struggling to penetrate through.”

	PinkPantheress said she’d be canceling her appearances at festivals, including III Points Fest in Miami, along with her scheduled appearances on Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts World Tour this month, and Coldplay’s Music of the Spheres shows in Australia and New Zealand in November. PinkPantheress had recently opened for Rodrigo in Philly, Atlanta, and DC last month, but pulled out of a show in Oklahoma City on July 27.
Due to health issues, pinkpantheress has pulled out of all performances for the rest of the year. pic.twitter.com/E2BHRF2fus

	“I would like to thank all of you, as well as my touring team and Olivia for giving me the platform to perform some super fun shows,” PinkPantheress wrote. “I’m sad to disappoint anyone and can only hope we will be in each other’s company once I return to health.”

	










	The singer did not provide additional details about her health issues. Rodrigo and Coldplay have yet to announce who will replace her opening slot on the road.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Along with performing at the MLS All-Star Concert last month, the singer embarked on her solo Capable of Love tour in Europe and North America earlier this year. She played New York City’s Paramount Brooklyn, Nashville’s Brooklyn Bowl and Los Angeles’ Hollywood Palladium in April.

	PinkPantheress last released her Selena-sampling single “Turn It Up” in May as a follow-up to her 2023 album Heaven Knows, which featured songs such as “Mosquito,” “Another Life” with Rema, and “Capable of Love.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.