Amanda Holden has taken to her Instagram with a sweet family snap after spending an 'amazing' night with her youngest daughter. The Britain's Got Talent judge is currently back on screen alongside Simon Cowell, Bruno Tonioli and Alesha Dixon as the hit ITV talent show returns for its 17th series.
TV star Amanda, 53, who shares her children Alexa, 18, and Hollie, 12, with her husband Chris Hughes, took a night off her busy schedule to spend quality time with Hollie. The pair headed to an Olivia Rodrigo concert which the Heart Breakfast radio host said they 'loved'.
Ahead of the popstars' 'Guts' concert, Amanda took to her Instagram story to share a photo dolled-up with her daughter where the pair looked gorgeous. Taking to her Instagram page, Amanda then shared a video in the back of a car with her daughter as she smiled and waved at the camera with Olivia's song 'Vampire' as the backing track.
READ MORE: Stacey Solomon says 'that's right' as fans spot same detail in Joe Swash's picture of 'mini me' daughter
Other clips then showed Amanda and Hollie sat in their seats inside the area as they waited for the pop star to come on stage. A final clip then showed Hollie singing along and filming on her phone as Olivia flew above the crowd sitting on a big moon. Sharing the post with her 2.2 million followers, Amanda said: "What an amazing night with my #HRH we loved @oliviarodrigo."
After sharing the post, fans and friends of the BGT judge took to the comments section where they all said the same thing about Amanda and her daughter. @tv_mamaof2 wrote: "Oh my days she is just so beautiful like her mama xx," as @katepat87 said: "Looks fabulous Amanda. You both are pretty girlies. Best times and memories to treasure forever."
@itsamy.xo wrote: "She’s honestly becoming so much like your twin! just like Lexi! such beauty’s," as @oakhomeinteriors commented: "She’s a mini you @noholdenback," and @kate.eshaw echoed: "She’s a mini you, bless her."
It comes as Olivia Rodrigo's gigs at Manchester's Co-op Live were cancelled after a string of chaos ahead of the new arena's opening. The pop superstar was due to perform over two nights on May 3 and 4 but the shows were both rescheduled after ongoing technical issues at the arena, bosses said.
It comes after A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's concert tonight (May 1) was cancelled just minutes before the opening act was due to begin, leaving fans 'gutted'. The M.E.N revealed the show was cancelled after a 'piece of air conditioning unit' fell from the ceiling.
Posting on X, the arena wrote: "Due to an on-going venue-related technical issue, the scheduled performances of Olivia Rodrigo’s GUTS World Tour on 3rd and 4th May are being postponed. Ticket holders can either hold onto their tickets or obtain a refund at point of purchase."
The dates for Olivia's Manchester shows are yet to be rescheduled.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.