Why are we asking for donations?







                                            Why are we asking for donations?
                                        

                                            This site is free thanks to our community of supporters. Voluntary donations from readers like you keep our news accessible for everyone.
                                        
Donation Options


Search
Search
Search
Agnostic podcaster Joanne (Kristen Bell) feels an attraction to unconventional rabbi Noah (Adam Brody) in “Nobody Wants This.”
NETFLIX
Share
In lesser hands, the premise for the latest Netflix comedy series might have resulted in Cringe TV, like something out of a TikTok parody video or “SNL” sketch:
“It’s the mid-2000s crossover we always wanted! Kristen Bell from ‘Veronica Mars’ is Joanne, an outspoken and agnostic blonde with a sexually explicit podcast, and Adam Brody from ‘The O.C.’ is Noah, a hot rabbi from a traditional Jewish family. How can these two VERY different people make a romance work? After all ... Nobody Wants This!”
Talk about a title that could be a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Of course, it’s all in the execution, and the good news is that “Nobody Wants This” is a smart, breezy, warmhearted and consistently funny show, with each episode playing like a mini version of an endearing rom-com. Inspired by the real-life experience of creator Erin Foster, this is a sweet confection that nevertheless has enough bite and edge to avoid delving into the mawkish. It’s also refreshingly candid while being respectful in its treatment of Judaism, and yet not shying away from mining humor from certain tropes and misconceptions.
In the 1990s and 2000s, the leads in rom-com series and films would often work in magazine publishing or advertising or at TV station; these days, they have a podcast. So it goes with Kristen Bell’s Joanne and her sister and best friend Morgan (Justine Lupe, Willa on “Succession”). They’re both single and they’ve been through all the dating apps more than once, and they mine their experiences and observations for frank discussions on their increasingly popular podcast, which actually does sound like it could be a hit.
At a party thrown by their producer, Ashley (Sherry Cola), Joanne has a Meet Cute with Adam Brody’s Noah, a handsome and witty rabbi who has recently ended things with his longtime girlfriend Rebecca (Emily Arlook). From the get-go, Joanne and Noah acknowledge there’s a mutual attraction, but also there’s no point in pursuing a romance because despite Noah’s hipster quipping and cool, he’s a very traditional rabbi who is all-in, while Joanne is the very definition of the classic shiksa. They’ll just stay in the Friend Zone.
You can guess how long that lasts.
Over the course of 10 fast-paced episodes, none longer than 31 minutes, “Nobody Wants This” follows these two flawed but relatable and essentially good people who are so obviously right for one another but face a checklist of rom-com obstacles along the way, from the religious and cultural divide to the craziness of their respective families to social media-fueled misunderstandings to the ex-girlfriend who might still be in the picture.
Bell and Brody are natural actors who click wonderfully together, and the supporting cast is filled with terrific and familiar talents. Justine Lupe is a scene-stealing comedic force as Morgan, while Timothy Simons (“Veep”) turns in typically hilarious work as Noah’s cloddy but endearing brother Sasha. Legendary Broadway star Tovah Feldshuh plays Noah’s rigid and controlling mother, Bina, in a role that brushes up against stereotypes but is saved by the sharp writing and commanding performance.
At times, Joanne’s lack of knowledge about anything Jewish strains credulity. It’s hard to believe she’s never heard the term “shalom,” and when she learns it means “hello, goodbye and peace,” she chirps, “Oh, it’s like the Jewish ‘aloha’!”
Mostly, though, “Nobody Wants This” has fun with clichés and tropes, as when Noah and Sasha hear a message from Morgan telling Joanne that Noah “is cuter than I expected, he doesn’t look that Jewish,” and Noah says, “What does Jewish look like to you? Are you picturing a bigger nose, or like curlier hair” and Sasha chimes in with, “Does my brother not look like he could control the media?” (That it’s done in a teasing and affectionate fashion makes all the difference.) 
Other times, Noah’s passion for his faith and Joanne’s willingness to learn is handled with grace, as when Noah explains the rituals and meaning of Havdalah, the ceremony marking the end of Shabbat, and Joanne finds it quite lovely. (There are also plenty of current-day touches, from the use of Olivia Rodrigo songs to a reference to the “Call Her Daddy” podcast.)
This is also a great-looking show, painting L.A. in the most flattering light. Everyone lives in places that could be photo spreads in the Los Angeles Times, and they hang out at picturesque places like the rooftop at Mama Shelter in Hollywood for brunch. Powered by the enduring likability of Bell and Brody, that wonderful supporting cast and the consistently strong writing, “Nobody Wants This” has all the ingredients for a multiseason run.
Share
© 2025 Chicago Sun-Times Media, Inc.
Terms of Use • Privacy Notice • Cookie Policy • Terms of Sale