Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
One of the most delightful quirks of the Netflix monolith is its unpredictable habit of surfacing movies that hardly anyone on Earth was expecting to become among the most-watched on the planet mere weeks before their release. Case in point: The Tearsmith, an Italian YA adaptation that debuted a few weeks ago and has been a Netflix chart staple for several weeks. For fans of the book, this probably seems perfectly natural, but for the movie to do so well in other countries, it must have expanded beyond that fanbase – and those viewers might have found a mishmash of tropes that is by turns (occasionally) bewitching and (mostly) bewildering. It’s about a pair of teenage orphans who are adopted into the same family, as flashbacks gradually reveal their shared history of abuse, attraction, and escape into fairy-tale ideas, if not genuine fantasy. So yes, it’s about adopted siblings struggling to hide the fact that they are madly in lust with one another.
At times, the movie appears to be imitating Twilight – pallid complexions; a love triangle where the secondary guy doesn’t stand a chance; a seemingly aloof bad buy who actually loves the meek main girl; even blasting Olivia Rodrigo’s “Vampire” at length in a way that recalls both the identity of Edward Cullen and the of-the-moment Twilight soundtracks – but it incorporates plenty of other gothic and gothic-adjacent along the way, including Harry Potter (orphaned and mistreated child) and Jane Eyre (tortured objection of affection). The upside to this megamix version of sorta-gothic romance is that there are plenty of other movies (besides Twilights and besides any inevitable Tearsmith sequels) that take some the same ideas or vibes in entertaining directions. So, in the spirit of an old-fashioned video store, here’s a virtual shelf with five recommendations for anyone who loved The Tearsmith (or anyone who wanted to love it and came away somewhat baffled).
This movie emerged from the post-Potter, post-Twilight YA fantasy adaptation boom of the early 2010s. While it’s not nearly as memorable as either of those series (and stopped dead at one installment after flopping at the box office), it stands out for the genuine chemistry between its leads, Alden Ehrenreich and Alice Englert. Movies like The Tearsmith illustrate that it’s often the relationships and the melodrama that a lot of viewers loved from Twilight, rather than the mythology and lore; Beautiful Creatures at least seems to understand that a romantic story needs sparky charisma, not just three points on a love triangle, to work on screen. The witchy fantasy stuff is forgettable; the romance makes it worthwhile for fans of the genre.
Despite the title, this isn’t a sequel to Beautiful Creatures; it’s one of the best movies of the ’90s, about to celebrate its 30th anniversary. The Tearsmith doesn’t actually show us much of the fairy tales the orphans have told each other, which gives its dreamier moments a more abstract quality; it’s often more like watching people describe a gothic fantasy than actually experiencing it. Heavenly Creatures follows two young women (Kate Winslet and Melanie Lynskey) straight into their delusions, with Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson actually showing us the fantasy world they become increasingly lost inside as their obsession grows. It’s not a proper romance or adventure, but its darker psychology feels, paradoxically, both more otherworldly and more intensely realistic than a lot of similar movies.
“Are you brave enough to imagine a fairy tale without a wolf?” Rigel asks Nica in The Tearsmith. Sure, but why would you want to?! Red Riding Hood is brave enough to imagine a fairy tale with a wolf, and turn it into a kind of gothic romance that’s more fun to look at than Twilight – with which it shares director Catherine Hardwicke. Hardwicke isn’t facing as many source-material constrictions here, adapting a public-domain folk tale rather than a beloved bestseller, and makes a solid werewolf picture that could easily stand alongside some of the latter-day Universal Monsters outings. Amanda Seyfried, who knows her way around sincere melodrama, stars in the Red role.
While The Tearsmith has orphanage flashbacks from the protagonist’s young-adult vantage point, this is an outright children’s story, based on a 1905 novel as well as that book’s 1939 film adaptation. But with director Alfonso Cuarón behind the camera, it’s got plenty of cinematic craft and style (The Tearsmith can only muster some bisexual lighting and slow-mo for a club scene) and takes its young heroine seriously, even when the story itself has plenty of heightened melodrama.
Going in the opposite direction from A Little Princess, and into more explicit territory than The Tearsmith, this similarly Italy-set coming-of-age romance tackles a different taboo: an age-gapped affair between a teenage boy (Timothée Chalamet) and a visiting adult (Armie Hammer). Despite that, this is more bittersweet and more sophisticated than the discomfiting wish-fulfillment of so much lower-tier YA.
Jesse Hassenger (@rockmarooned) is a writer living in Brooklyn. He’s a regular contributor to The A.V. Club, Polygon, and The Week, among others. He podcasts at www.sportsalcohol.com, too.

This story has been shared 2,705 times.
2,705


This story has been shared 1,879 times.
1,879


This story has been shared 1,035 times.
1,035


This story has been shared 591 times.
591


This story has been shared 531 times.
531


This story has been shared 446 times.
446


This story has been shared 401 times.
401


This story has been shared 361 times.
361


This story has been shared 297 times.
297


This story has been shared 285 times.
285


This story has been shared 190 times.
190


This story has been shared 190 times.
190


This story has been shared 182 times.
182


This story has been shared 162 times.
162


This story has been shared 156 times.
156