"There's definitely a cultural clash there, and I thought, 'Oh, this seems like it's so ripe for comedic treatment.'"
Jessica is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where she covers TV, movies, and pop culture. Her work has appeared in Bustle, NYLON, Cosmopolitan, InStyle, and more. She lives in California with her dog.
 After stumbling to the kitchen and pouring herself a cup of ambition, Diablo Cody has completed the script for her upcoming 9 to 5 remake.

 The Juno and Jennifer's Body filmmaker revealed details about how her upcoming iteration differs from the 1980 classic starring Dolly Parton, Lily Tomlin, and Jane Fonda while speaking to Entertainment Weekly at Comic-Con 2024 on Friday, right after hitting the stage to participate in a panel about her career, titled "Jokes and Jump Scares."

 "One thing that was really fun about it for me is that the original movie focused on the battle of the sexes and the corporate world," Cody said. "And to me, I see most of the conflict taking place generationally, like Gen Z versus boomers in the workplace, and how now we have this whole generation of people coming up who've learned to set boundaries, and that is actually, shockingly enough, a new development."

 "You have other generations out there in the corporate world who we're told just to kind of suck it up," she continued. "So there's definitely a cultural clash there, and I thought, 'Oh, this seems like it's so ripe for comedic treatment.'"

Everett
 The remake, which Jennifer Aniston is set to produce, is still in development. "It hasn't been cast or anything like that, but I feel like we're moving forward with it. It was really an exciting thing to work on," Cody shared.

 As for more details about the new iteration, Cody remains mum. "I would tell you everything, but I don’t want to get in trouble," she teased.

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Hosted by Wattpad Webtoon Studios and moderated by Variety film reporter Katcy Stephan, "Jokes and Jump Scares" with Cody dove into the Academy Award winner's iconic filmography, including Jennifer's Body, the recently-released Lisa Frankenstein, and the upcoming Death of a Pop Star. Cody produces the latter, which is based on the popular Webtoon comic about a beloved pop star who takes a tumble down the stairs and wakes up in hell, where her No. 1 stan greets her: the Grim Reaper.

 The film will explore pop fandoms and how they could "reach a fever pitch of insanity and become cult-like and scary," Cody said during the panel, comparing it to Final Destination.

Amy Sussman/Getty
 "I don't want to give away too much just because we're still in the development process, but there are forces on earth conspiring to send her back to the afterlife," she elaborated to EW. "So she has a lot to dodge."

 "I'm a big fan of pop myself," she said, adding of her research process, "it was just observing how those groups move, seeing how they can manipulate everything from charts to the public image of a star. The fans have unprecedented power at this point because they're able to mobilize on social media. So to make a movie where the biggest fan is this sinister force, the literal devil, just felt timely to me."

 Though the idea is "so premature," Cody said she would "love to get a real pop star" for the lead role, adding that she's a fan of all the major pop girlies at the time: Charli XCX, Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, and Beyonce.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)