One of the most iconic Grammy categories is Best Pop Solo Performance, which has gone to absolute classics like Lizzo’s “Truth Hurts,” Ed Sheeran’s “Thinking Out Loud” and pretty much all of your favorite Adele hits. The category tends to be one of the most competitive every year, usually with a stack of chart-topping hits by year-defining artists in play. This is year is no exception. There are four number-one hits represented and a fifth nominee by a huge Grammy darling.
Let’s start with Miley Cyrus, who received her first big Grammy nominations haul this year, earning six noms for "Endless Summer Vacation" after only getting two previous nominations over her entire career. Among those, her massive hit “Flowers” is up for this award as well as for Record and Song of the Year. The song is, frankly, the type of success story many artists dream of. It spent eight weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 and peaked at number-one on most other charts too. It was the second biggest hit of the year, aided by massive streaming and radio success.
A win for “Flowers” seems likely on paper. Most winners here are number-one or number-two hits, and the biggest hit often is the eventual winner. Cyrus is also overdue a Grammy at this point. She has clearly racked up a lot of support too, given how she overperformed in the nominations and was recognized across the board in the pop and general fields. Perhaps the biggest problem for Cyrus is that she’s up against artists who have been embraced more often by the Grammys. But considering how much they liked Cyrus this year, it’s safe to say that shouldn't be much of an obstacle.
Overexposure could negatively affect “Flowers,” though, as it was all over the airwaves for much of the year. That's where two more recent hits come in. The first, and perhaps more likely, is Olivia Rodrigo’s “Vampire.” Rodrigo received six overall nominations, signaling that voters' enthusiasm for her hasn't waned. The last time Rodrigo was up for this award, for her breakthrough hit “Drivers License,” she won. However, “Vampire” hasn’t been quite as ubiquitous as that song was. Still, it was a multi-week chart-topper, and if there’s any place they can reward Rodrigo, this is it.
Also nominated is Doja Cat’s “Paint the Town Red,” which has been a huge streaming hit. It rose up to number-one on the Hot 100, and broke Spotify and Billboard records for rap. But its rap nature might put the song at a slight disadvantage here in a pop category, and it lacks general field nominations. Also, her "Scarlet" era has been controversial.
Our remaining two nominees are not too shabby either. There's Billie Eilish for “What Was I Made For?,” the celebrated track from "Barbie." It might be at a disadvantage here due to its modest commercial performance, peaking outside the top 10 in a lineup of number-one hits. Eilish also has a lackluster track record in this category in particular despite otherwise being a Grammy magnet, losing thrice already for “Bad Guy,” “Everything I Wanted” and “Happier Than Ever,” despite the first two of those going on to win Record of the Year. That said, “What Was I Made For?” is textbook Grammy bait: a slow, sentimental ballad that pulled the heartstrings of everyone who saw "Barbie" (and who didn’t?).
Last but not least is Taylor Swift with “Anti-Hero.” The track was the fourth biggest hit of 2023, and Swift is overdue more pop wins having only ever won Best Pop Album for "1989," so this might be an opportunity. However, Swift is already a likely bet in the other two pop categories, and no artist as ever won all three pop races. Voters might want to switch it up then, especially as “Anti-Hero” isn’t necessarily a career highlight for Swift or the biggest hit in the category. Then again, considering how massive Swift’s year was, it wouldn't be out of the question for the Grammys to go overboard for her.
Ultimately, though, it seems like Cyrus will finally strike gold with the Grammys, going on to win for “Flowers” here. The song has the most old-school appeal due to its live instrumentation and throwback sound and was the biggest hit on mainstream and adult pop radio. The bigger question remains, with most of its competition also up in the general field, whether Cyrus will be able to take a Pop Solo win to a general field sweep. There may be space for an upset here, though; it might not pain voters to leave Cyrus empty-handed as much as it would pain her followers.
Will win: Miley Cyrus, “Flowers”
Could win: Taylor Swift, “Anti-Hero”
Dark horse: Olivia Rodrigo, “Vampire”
Make your predictions at Gold Derby now. Download our free and easy app for Apple/iPhone devices or Android (Google Play) to compete against legions of other fans plus our experts and editors for best prediction accuracy scores. See our latest prediction champs. Can you top our esteemed leaderboards next? Always remember to keep your predictions updated because they impact our latest racetrack odds, which terrify record executives and music stars. Don't miss the fun. Speak up and share your huffy opinions in our famous forums where thousands of showbiz leaders lurk every day to track latest awards buzz. Everybody wants to know: What do you think? Who do you predict and why?
All the song tracks in the Guts album of Olivia Rodrigo are no skip. Vampire is an epic composition. Both deserves to win the Album of the Year and Song of the Year awards. For the judges consideration please.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media