The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Box office weekend… Lindsay Lohan “disappointed”… The Recording Academy performers… Kendall Jenner & Bad Bunny ‘reconnecting again’… and Standing ovation for Christina Applegate
The original plan was to stream Mean Girls on Paramount+. But after some very positive test screenings, studio executives decided they were going to release the movie in theaters instead. However, they decided to downplay the fact that this was a musical, fearing it could potentially turn off a large number of potential ticket buyers. Despite some winter storms that shut down quite a few theaters, Mean Girls beat box office expectations, earning an estimated $33.2M over the 4-day holiday weekend. Coming in second was Jason Statham’s new movie The Beekeeper with $19M.  Wonka placed third with $11M, followed by Anyone But You in fourth with $8.5M, and Migration in fifth with $8.3M.
Why Paramount Didn't Market 'Mean Girls' as a Musical: 'People Tend to Treat' Them 'Differently' https://t.co/CwdRaVAht4
Speaking of Mean Girls, Lindsay Lohan played Cady Heron in the 2004 original version. And she was happily posing next to Tina Fey and the 2024 cast right before the screening in NYC. But then Lindsay saw the movie. Her rep says, “Lindsay was very hurt and disappointed” by one of the jokes in the movie. Way back in 2006, Paris Hilton’s friend Brandon Davis infamously called Lindsay a “fire crotch.”  And in the new Mean Girls movie, Megan Thee Stallion says in her cameo, “Fire crotch is back.” Lindsay didn’t like it then and she doesn’t like it now. Brandon, by the way, recently married Pretty Little Liars star Ashley Benson. At their baby shower this past Sunday, Brandon and Ashley revealed they’re expecting a girl. If you see the pictures, you will NOT recognize Ashley, who is now a brunette.
Lindsay Lohan was on the receiving end of a personal dig in the new "Mean Girls" movie that references one of the most infamous insults hurled her way … and yeah, she's pissed.Read more https://t.co/o1xSwyIJc7
We’ve made it through the Golden Globes, the Critics Choice Awards, and the Emmys. Next up is the Grammys, live from LA on Sunday, Feb. 4, hosted again by Trevor Noah. You can watch live on CBS and Paramount+. Awards will be handed out to songwriters and artists only for what was material they released between Oct. 1, 2022, and Sept. 15, 2023. The first artists announced as performers this year are Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish and Dua Lipa. Together, these ladies have a combined 14 nominations. Billie and Olivia each have 6, and they go head-to-head in 3 categories. Both are nominated for Record of the Year, Song of the Year and Best Pop Solo Performance  — Billie for What Was I Made For? and Olivia for vampire.  Dua has two nominations this year for Dance the Night, and will be competing against Billie and Olivia for Song of the Year and Best Song Written For Visual Media. Rumor has it that Beyoncé will perform a tribute to the late Tina Turner, who passed away last May at the age of 83.
 Get ready to dance the night away because @DuaLipa will be returning to the #GRAMMYs stage on Sunday, February 4th. Watch the 66th GRAMMY Awards at 8 PM ET / 5 PM PT on @CBS. See who else is performing: https://t.co/r52mIP2eJ1 pic.twitter.com/aor7z7Rq9c
Back in February of last year, paparazzi caught Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny leaving a restaurant together. Fast forward to November when Kendall posted a photo of a sunset on her Instagram, captioning it with a cryptic, “What’s meant for me, will simply find me.” That apparently was her way of announcing that she and Bad Bunny had broken up. In December, Kendall went to Barbados to ring in the new year with the Biebers, and she finally posted the photos last week. Was that fuzzy guy in one of the photos Bad Bunny? And was that his voice saying “Feliz año nuevo!” in the background as fireworks exploded in the sky? Why, yes it was! A source told the US Sun that while they were in Barbados, Kendall and Bad Bunny realized how much they missed each other and they’ve been low-key dating again since then.
Kendall Jenner and Bad Bunny ‘reconnecting again’ after NYE trip to Barbados: report https://t.co/jwdH5XX4Z7 pic.twitter.com/Qil3AI8wvW
The 75th annual Primetime Emmy Awards were held last night. There were a lot of empty seats in the theater. Maybe a lot of the celebrities and seat fillers decided to stay home and watch the Eagles get destroyed by the Buccaneers, 32-9. Some I saw walk the red carpet and then I never saw them again. Selena Gomez and Benny Blanco arrived together but then said “See you later!” as Selena walked the red carpet solo and Benny met her on the other side.  However, Kourtney Kardashian and hubby Travis Barker did the red carpet together and came close to doing each other as they continue that tired bit of sticking their tongue in each other’s mouths like they’re French or something. Because it was the 75th anniversary of the Emmys, they paid tribute to some of our favorite stars and TV shows over the past several decades. Christina Applegate made a surprise appearance as a presenter. Christina was diagnosed with MS in 2021 and at last year’s SAG Awards, she said it would most likely be her “last awards show as an actor.” Christina received a standing ovation when she came out and she was so overcome with emotion, she buried her head in host Anthony Anderson’s shoulder until she could compose herself. Christina was also nominated for Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role in Dead to Me, but she lost to Quinta Brunson for her role in Abbott Elementary. That win made Quinta only the second Black actress in Emmys history to win that award. It was 42 years ago that Isabel Sanford won her Emmy for The Jeffersons. Speaking of The Jeffersons, later in the night, Quinta escorted Marla Gibbs onto the stage to present an Emmy and she was just as sharp as ever. Carol Burnett’s timing was also on point. Ahead of the show’s 20th season, Katherine Heigl surprised a heck of a lot of people when she walked out with some of the other OG Grey’s Anatomy cast. They recreated the bar from Cheers and we got to see Sam Malone and Carla along with regulars Frasier, Cliff and NORM! But Woody? Woody couldn’t bother to show up?? We got to see Gloria and Meathead standing in Archie Bunker’s living room from All in the Family. I loved seeing the Ally McBeal cast reunite for a dance number before Calista Flockhart, aka Mrs. Harrison Ford — or as Anthony’s mom called him, Henry Ford — presented the Emmy for Lead Actor in a Drama Series to Kieran Culkin for Succession. Sarah Snook from Succession won Lead Actress in a Drama Series, by the way. But it was the reunion of the Martin cast that had X lit up with people asking if something is wrong with Martin Lawrence. Another much talked about moment was Paul Walter Hauser’s acceptance speech. He took a big bite of mango right before he went on stage and kept chewing it as he basically rapped his acceptance speech for Best Supporting Actor in as Limited or Anthology Series or Movie for his role as a serial killer in the Apple TV+ series Black Bird. Outstanding Comedy Series went to The Bear, which won 6 out of its 13 nominations, including Best Actor in a Comedy for Jeremy Allen White. Succession had the most nominations with 27 and it ended up winning 6, including the final Emmy of the night for Outstanding Drama Series.
Christina Applegate receives a standing ovation at the #Emmys. https://t.co/SiaGD3jesB pic.twitter.com/rGZF8ooLiq

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show