A man insulted his wife, and he went postal. Someone who witnessed the altercation said it starated after “Some Mafia-type guy yelled something to the effect of, ‘Your wife must be a whore because she is sleeping with a rat.”
Thought these kind of italians were extinct. 
Read more at pagesix.
Republican Rep. Nancy Mace (S.C.) introduced a measure to ban transgender women from using the women’s bathrooms at the Capitol.
Stop trying to go viral.
Read more at huffpost.
Rob Lowe hosted game show The Floor is getting the post-Super Bowl time slot that normally belongs to whatever the hottest sitcom is at the time.
Broadcast TV has literally hit the floor.
Read more at awful announcing.
“Shaq wassup let’s make bread,” was Howard’s response to Shaquille O’Neal and Rob Gronkowski engaging in an NBA vs. NFL celebrity showdown.
Netflix has cornered the boxing sideshow
Read more at The Shadow League
Netflix’s new Christmas movie has gotten higher and more ratings on Rotten Tomatoes than Gladiator 2.
Netflixmas, every Thursday on Bennington.
Read more at Metro.co.uk.
“I go to rock shows. I have never had to hold my ears because of that screaming and the ear-shredding loudness. It’s quite something, isn’t it? It was really exciting.”
And you left the Pixies for this?
Read more at loudersound.
Yes, he’s wearing an eyepatch, but that’s only because he says he had a nasty fall.  Again.
Hey man, if Mavis punched you, just tell us.
Read more at TMZ
“Initially, we just talked about this season,” said Thornton. “But the idea going into it is that it would be open-ended, that was the possibility. And hopefully that’s the case. We’ll see.”
Got any french fried pataters on there?
Read more at THR
Apple is developing a documentary on the legendary rock band.
So Daisy Jones and the Six isn’t a doc?
Read more at rollingstone.
EVERYTHING
.
.
Finding comedy in everything and everything in comedy.
interrobang, in·ter·ro·bang  [in-ter-uh-bang] ‽ (often represented by ?! / !?), is a nonstandard punctuation  designed to combine the question mark (?) and the exclamation point (!), indicating a mixture of query and interjection, as after a rhetorical question.
Focusing on the most interesting ! and ? in life, theinterrobang.com is a place to talk about the comedy in everything, and everything in comedy.  From street corners to  theaters, arenas, print, television, film, or even the White House, if it's funny, or should be, we're talking about it. We also continue to bring you everything happening in the news that's worth discussing, the best recommendations on the internet, and interviews with the most creative people on the planet.
Interested in contributing?  Hit us up on our contact page.
We love when you leave comments and we encourage active discussion and debate throughout the site.  However our moderators may delete any comments at their discretion, particularly any comments that are off topic.  
Of course, defamatory, libelous, threatening, or otherwise illegal posts will be removed as well as any posts that are deemed abusive, or intentionally inflammatory. We also ask that you be respectful of our authors, guests, and other commenters. We reserve the right to edit or delete comments at our discretion.   If you have any complaints about a comment being removed, you should contact us using our contact form.
By submitting a comment and/or question to the site you give us the right to use, post, reproduce and distribute your comment as we see fit.