Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Peter Kay's fans have been hit with more disappointment as the comedian's shows at Manchester's Co-Op Live have been postponed for a second time.
The news was announced on the venue's Instagram, where it was revealed that Peter Kay will now have to wait until the end of May to perform. The statement read: "we have been undertaking an extensive protocol of testing critical procedures to ensure all areas are ready for fans."
The testing of the £365m venue has not been completed in time, forcing organisers to cancel the comedian's shows and the upcoming Black Keys concert. Peter Kay is now set to perform on May 23 and 24, while the band will take to the stage on May 15.
This follows the resignation of Gary Roden, who the Mirror reports stepped down as general manager of the new arena on Thursday after facing backlash for comments he made to the BBC, suggesting some small music venues are "poorly run."
Reacting to the news on Twitter, Peter Kay issued his own statement: "My apologies once again but unfortunately the Co-op Live still isn't ready and so, as yet, remains untested for a large-scale audience. Consequently, they are having to reschedule my two shows yet again (I know I can't believe it either)."
Co-op Live released a full statement saying: "Since making the difficult decision to postpone the live shows at Co-op Live due to take place this week, we have been undertaking an extensive protocol of testing critical procedures to ensure all areas are ready for fans.
"To ensure that we can run all shows safely, regretfully we have now had to take the decision to reschedule the planned The Black Keys and Peter Kay shows.
Join the Daily Record's WhatsApp community here and get the latest news sent straight to your messages.
"Both The Black Keys and Peter Kay have graciously agreed to reschedule their shows. The Black Keys will now perform on 15 May 2024, and Peter Kay will now perform on 23 and 24 May 2024."
The statement continued: "All tickets remain valid and ticket holders will be contacted by their point of purchase. Refunds will be available for those who can no longer attend. We deeply appreciate the impact this will have on excited fans, and sincerely apologise for the inconvenience that this change will undoubtedly cause.
"Rescheduling Peter Kay and The Black Keys will give us the extra time we need to continue testing enhanced emergency communications and measures thoroughly. This is vital to satisfy the rigorous set of guidelines and protocols that are necessary for a venue of this size to ensure that our fans, artists and staff have the safest experience possible.
"Today's announcement comes with reassurance that we will welcome fans to Co-op Live from Boogie Wit Da Hoodie on 1 May, and into Olivia Rodrigo on 3 and 4 May 2024."
Frustrated fans who have been clamouring for refunds swarmed the comment section furious. "So we'll wait for you to cancel Olivia Rodrigo!!!! should have had better project management!", one proclaimed angrily, while another vented: "You people are not serious cuz you're costing peoples money, work and travel for what just say you're not ready and wait till the summer."
Celebs and Rick Astley fans attended Manchester's Co-Op Live on Saturday, April 20, as event organisers held a test show featuring the legendary singer ahead of Peter Kay's performances. The star of Peter Kay's Car Share was scheduled to take the stage on April 22 and 23 but had to withdraw mere hours before his debut performance. Meanwhile, assurances were in place that the Black Keys would take to the stage this coming Saturday, April 27.
 Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.