By BRIAN MARKS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:14, 10 April 2024   |  Updated:  07:41, 10 April 2024   
 25
View  comments
Kaia Gerber rocked a sleek minimalistic ensemble when she was spotted arriving at an Olivia Rodrigo concert in New York City on Tuesday night.
The 22-year-old model emerged from an SUV with a female friend as they arrived at the famed Madison Square Garden arena in Manhattan.
She rocked an all-black look featuring a sleek, figure-hugging top that highlighted her stellar figure
Kaia — who made her talk show debut the night before — cinched the long top, which was pulled down to slightly expose her shoulders, with a large studded black belt.
She stayed on point with simple black slacks, and she stood tall in a set of black leather boots.
Kaia Gerber rocked a sleek minimalistic ensemble when she was spotted arriving at an Olivia Rodrigo concert in New York City on Tuesday night
The model, 22, was joined by a female friend at Madison Square Garden. Kaia wore a tight black top with a thick studded belt and black slacks
The brunette beauty wore her shoulder-length hair styled straight with a middle part, and she had a dark brown crescent-shaped handbag tucked under her arm.
Kaia and her pal got an unexpected treat at the concert, as Olivia Rodrigo brought out a special guest, the singer Jewel.
The model snapped a short clip that she posted to her Instagram Stories of the 21-year-old singer joining Jewel, 49, in a duet version of her 1996 You Were Meant For Me, which reached number two on the Billboard Hot 100 singles chart.
Kaia added a simple heart while tagging the two musicians, but she let the moving song do most of the talking. 
Although Kaia is best known for following her mother Cindy Crawford's path down the runway, she has lately been branching out into acting, including with a new role on the Kristen Wiig–starring series Palm Royale.
Kaia posted what looked like a behind-the-scenes photo to her Insta Stories after the concert to give the show a shout-out.
'New episode of palm royale on @appletv means new job for mitzi,' she wrote, referencing the name of her supporting character.
Kaia wore what looked like a dark brown bob wig and had heavily made-up eyes and a star drawn on her cheek for the mirror selfie. 
She flaunted her trim tummy in a ribbed white tank top and black sweatpants.
The catwalk star also rocked black boots and wore her brunette locks with a middle part. She had a crescent-shaped handbag tucked under her arm
Kaia shared a clip from the concert revealing that Jewel made a surprise appearance to do a duet version of her hit You Were Meant For Me with Olivia
Kaia posted what looked like a behind-the-scenes photo of herself in a white tank top and a bob to her Insta Stories after the concert to give her new show Palm Royale a shout-out
A day earlier, she made her talk show debut on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon 
The rising star revealed that her mother Cindy Crawford show her compilation videos of models falling as a warning just before her first-ever runway show 
Kaia's night on the town comes just a day after she made her talk show debut with an appearance Monday night on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.
During their chat, she mentioned her famous mother Cindy Crawford and revealed that the supermodel prepared her for her first runway show by playing her a compilation video of models falling down, which she guessed was to show 'the worst-case scenario.'
'I was like, I didn't even know you could fall this many different ways. But knock on wood, I haven't ever fallen,' she shared.
Kaia also revealed that her recent foray into acting — which includes part on American Horror Story and its spin-off American Horror Stories, as well as a supporting role in the lesbian high school comedy Bottoms alongside The Bear's Ayo Edebiri and Rachel Sennott — wasn't a left turn at all, as she was a 'total theater kid' in her early years.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group