Want Stoke-on-Trent news emailed to you direct from our journalists? Sign up to our newsletter
We have more newsletters
Want Stoke-on-Trent news emailed to you direct from our journalists? Sign up to our newsletter
We have more newsletters
Millie Court, the social media sensation, has recreated the iconic style of Taylor Swift, including her signature blonde tresses, amidst the current wave of Swiftie-mania. Next, she took inspiration from Glastonbury headliner Dua Lipa, sporting the black and white highlights from the Future Nostalgia album cover. Lastly, Millie channelled Lana Del Rey's ethereal and floral waves.
This follows a survey of 2,000 Brits by VO5, which named Taylor Swift as the most stylish woman in pop. The superstar, currently in the UK for the Eras Tour, was closely followed by Beyonce and Rihanna, with Adele and Lady Gaga completing the top five. Other high-ranking artists included Dua Lipa, Ariana Grande, Katy Perry and Lana Del Rey.
Millie Court, who collaborated with the hair styling brand, said: "Embodying the iconic looks of pop queens like Taylor, Lana, and Dua for this shoot was an absolute dream come true. Their style choices have inspired myself and many others over the years and I had so much fun experiencing their signature looks first-hand."
"I hope this campaign encourages people to unleash their wild side and express themselves fearlessly through hair just like our pop heroes do. Don't be afraid to experiment with looks like bubble braids, hair jewellery, bright colours or whatever makes you feel confident and true to yourself."
It has been revealed that 41 per cent of people would be inclined to emulate the iconic looks of their favourite artists, with Adele's 2016 Glastonbury waves, Taylor Swift's glittering 'Lover' bodysuit and Lana Del Rey's 'Lust for Life' album cover being the most inspirational.
According to 36 per cent of respondents, Millennials and Gen-Z are considered the most stylish generations, and they are also the most willing to experiment with different looks and styles. For these age groups, social media is the biggest source of style inspiration for 34 per cent, with TikTok, Instagram and Pinterest being the preferred platforms for hair tutorials, styling tips and celebrity looks to copy.
Among these, mermaid hair (32 per cent), hair stamping and stencilling (33 per cent) and bubble braids (29 per cent), are the top trends younger adults are willing to try in preparation for the summer.
Festival and concert hair stylist, Ellis Ranson, commented: "We are all guilty of spending weeks planning an outfit, but what we often forget is how important our hairstyle is to complete any look. It's time to get planning, be confident and experiment with festival season just around the corner."
"When looking at any celebrity they look polished and fabulous - that's because everything down to the colour of their nails has been planned and thought about."
Rachel Hawes, from VO5, which has recently launched a series of 'Festival Edits' to inspire festival-goers to embrace the top hairstyle trends during the UK summer of music, said: "The headliners have not only redefined music but also set trends with their distinctive looks."
"From Taylor Swift's effortless waves to Dua Lipa's sleek and edgy cuts, and Lana Del Rey's timeless glamour, our range is designed to help you recreate their most memorable moments and trending styles. We hope to encourage concert-goers to be bold, have fun with their look and let their authentic selves shine through their style choices."
TOP 20 MOST STYLISH WOMEN IN POP MUSIC.