Lila explains the recent Los Merengues’ controversial Eton mess.
On Monday evening, the richest, most successful, and largest club in football history, Real Madrid, boycotted one of the sport’s biggest nights – the Ballon D’Or award show.
Awarded annually by France Football since 1956, the Ballon D’or, or also called the Golden Ball, recognises the world’s best football player based on votes from international journalists. With a trophy of a golden football, the ceremony has evolved into the emblem of individual brilliance in the team sport of football, determining the best player of that year outright.
Historically dominated by legends Lionel Messi (8 wins) and Cristiano Ronaldo (5 wins), the award signifies not only personal achievement but also a player’s influence on the game and their wider character and ethic – a hot topic in the realm of exceedingly large contracts and disputable player characters.
Perhaps the fact that Real Madrid holds a record 36 La Liga titles and stupendous 15 Champions League trophies was not enough for the old previously government-funded club. All year, fans expected that one Real Madrid player would take home the title – be it Jude Bellingham, Kylian Mbappe, or Vinicius Jr – only to be dissappointed, despite the major recent speculations. Instead, it was the spanish midfielder Rodrigo, who had won the Premier League, UEFA Super Cup, UEFA Club World Cup, and the European Championship with Manchester City in the previous season.
I admit, I am not a Manchester City fanatical. One may even say I hold a particular dislike for them. However, there is no denying that Rodrigo, known as Rodri, is the best holding midfielder in the world. He epitomises the ideal number 6, playing a pivotal role in Manchester City’s Champions League triumph. He is what every club look for in a defensive midfielder
During the 2023–24 Premier League season, Manchester City remained unbeaten in every match Rodri played, achieving a remarkable record of 27 wins and 7 draws. In stark contrast, they managed just one win and suffered three losses in his absence. Furthermore, Spain enjoyed a perfect Euro 2024 campaign, winning all seven of their matches.
Needless to say, when Manchester City were informed Rodri was going to receive the 2024 Ballon D’Or award, they passed the message onto Real Madrid. We exist in a modern football world where a certain “There we go!” spoils all hype. Vinicius Jr would not be winning it.
What happened next? Absence. From the ceremony at which Real Madrid was awarded best club and best coach – Carlo Ancelotti won over Xabi Alonso, Leverkusen’s coach who went unbeaten for a domestic double – followed outrage. Left, right, and centre, Madrid and Brazil players rushed to social media to insist this travesty. Surprisingly, Carlo Ancelotti even thanked Vinicius in his own post. Kylian Mbappe and Jude Bellingham who placed 6th and 3rd respectively, did not comment, supposedly due to “social media problems.” It seems the two of them experienced basic human embarrassment.
Vinicius Jr is a brilliant player. At 24, he is one of the best wingers in the world. Any team would be itching to have him after his iconic performances last season. But he only scored 35 goals. The ever-mocked Darwin Nunez scored 31. Mo Salah? 39. Cole Palmer? 42. Rodri scored 21 – impressive for a defensive player. 
For an award given for individual brilliance, it is arrogant, and frankly embarrassing, to expect an award because of the club you are in and the trophies you have won. The standard is perhaps not what it used to be with the likes of Messi and Ronaldo, but Rodri is the rightful winner of this year’s award.
A following 4-0 loss against FC Barcelona in the El Clasico match and Lamine Yamal (FC Barcelona) winning the Golden Boy at the ceremony, did anything but help Real Madrid’s spirit. Soon after, fans left hate messages on unrelated Filipino-American songwriter Olivia Rodrigo’s Instagram.
Feature image: Rodri, 2024 Ballon d'Or winner. Rolandhino, via Wikimedia Commons
Discover stories from this section and more in the list of contents
David Bates, President of Imperial’s American Football Club, Imperial Immortals, shares the thrill and strategy behind American football.
This week, IC Barbell’s PR manager Sukorno and the team break down Olympic weightlifting techniques and share upcoming events.
Manchester City triumph in a tribunal separate to their 115-charge nightmare. 
Imperial College Union hosted an impressive night for veterans and freshers alike
Business
Not long ago, I had the distinct pleasure of speaking with Mr. Rami Tawfiq, Director of the Dubai Business Associates (DBA) programme, while DBA was recruiting at Imperial. Since its inception in 2014 under the patronage of His Highness Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, DBA has recruited and trained
Environment
You only need to follow media bulletins to recognise that the world is changing rapidly and facing several challenges all at once. In my view, the biggest challenge we collectively face is finding a way to work together to address all these challenges. I believe the answer lies with you
Environment
The planetary crises do not affect people equally. Marginalised people are hit worse most of the time. Not only are they hit worse, they also receive less support and are frequently not considered in decision-making. The examples are endless: in the global south, women and girls are exposed to more
News
Team’s second loss means they are out of the competition this year

                        Sign up to Felix's weekly newsletter, The Lowdown, where we bring you the highlights of our news coverage.