The festival held in Somerset, England will take place next June and frequently attract global superstars.

													By
												

	Thomas Smith


Glastonbury Festival’s ticket release is one of the most eagerly — and dreaded — days for British music fans. The performing arts festival, which began in 1970, is a staple of the summer’s festival scene and the 210,000 tickets usually sell out instantly amidst queues and a scramble to secure passes.

	Now the festival has announced the on-sale process for 2025’s edition. The ticket sale will begin on Nov. 14 for coach and ticket packages at 6 p.m. GMT, and then a general sale will commence on Nov. 17 at 9 a.m. GMT. The festival will take place June 25-29, 2025.

	










	Hopefuls will need to pre-register with the festival prior to the sale. The deadline for registration is Nov. 11 at 5 p.m. GMT. Those who have already registered for the festival in previous years need not apply again. You can register here.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Tickets will cost £373.50 ($494) plus £5 booking fee. A £75 ($98) deposit will be required upon booking, with the remaining amount to be paid by the first week of April 2025. Any tickets returned will be entered into a resale later that month.

	The festival, which takes place in Somerset, England frequently attracts international superstars for headline appearances on the hallowed Pyramid Stage.

	In 2024, the festival was headlined by Dua Lipa, Coldplay and SZA, and recent performers also include Elton John, Paul McCartney, Kendrick Lamar, Billie Eilish and more.

	The lineup for 2025’s festival is yet to have been announced though it will arrive in stages over the coming months. 

Oasis have shot down rumors that they will appear at the festival next summer as part of their Live ‘25 reunion tour. Another heavily rumored artist Olivia Rodrigo has announced a pair of shows for June 30 and July 1 in Manchester. Rodrigo last performed on The Other Stage at 2022’s edition.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.