By 

	Jem Aswad

Executive Editor, Music

MTV has announced that tis Video Music Awards will return to New York on Tuesday, September 10, taking place at the UBS Arena in the borough of Queens, which opened in 2021 and has quickly become one of the metropolitan area’s major venues.

	“We’re excited to bring this year’s VMAs to UBS Arena, one of the country’s newest and most cutting edge,” said Bruce Gillmer, President of Music, Music Talent, Programming & Events, Paramount and Chief Content Officer, Music, Paramount+. “Celebrating one of music’s biggest night with the incredible, robust New York area fans is something we’ve been looking forward to the moment last year’s show ended.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Nintendo Switch 2 Won’t Be Superior Successor — But It Still Matters		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	“It’s an honor to host MTV and the VMAs at UBS Arena,” said Mark Shulman, Senior Vice President of Programming, UBS Arena. “This is the culmination to bring a world class event to a venue that offers state of the art capabilities and the best in fan amenities. We look forward to welcoming this year’s top artists, fans, and viewers worldwide to experience our arena and campus at Belmont Park.”




			Popular on Variety		






	The move got a welcome from none other than New York Governor Kathy Hochul. “We are excited to welcome back the MTV Video Music Awards to New York State,” the governor said in a statement. “From its origins at Radio City Music Hall in 1984 to this September’s event at the UBS Arena, the VMAs continue to captivate millions, showcasing the very best in music video artistry. As we prepare to host this 40th anniversary event, let’s embrace the spirit of creativity and innovation that defines our state’s cultural landscape.”

	The 2023 VMAs featured performances from Olivia Rodrigo, Doja Cat, Peso Pluma, Shakira and, er, Diddy, among others.

	The “VMAs” will air across MTV’s global footprint of linear and digital platforms in more than 150 countries and territories, reaching over 319 million households. Additional details will be announced closer to the show.
The Business of Entertainment