Festival announcements are flying at the moment with Sir Rod Stewart kicking off the 2025 Glastonbury lineup in the Legends slot.
After the Maggie Mayy hitmaker’s announcement, long-time friend Nile Rodgers also let slip he’ll also be taking to the stage on Sunday, June 29.
However, who will take the coveted headliner slots remains a mystery – with names like Olivia Rodrigo, Green Day, and The 1975 all in the running.
Three brand new gig announcements have added to speculation as some previous headliners appear to be in the UK across Glastonbury weekend.
Kings of Leon and The Verve’s Richard Ashcroft have just revealed they will be performing at other day festivals around the Worthy Farm weekend.
Along with those former Pyramid Stage performers, McFly have just revealed brand new tour dates – with one huge Glastonbury-sized gap.
In 2008, both Kings of Leon and The Verve headlined the historic festival on Friday and Saturday, respectively.
It would be unprecedented for two former headliners from the same year to return in one go, but you can never say never when it comes to Glastonbury.
The Use Somebody icons have just revealed they will be headlining a new concert series Blackweir Live in Cardiff on June 29, ruling them out for Sunday night only.
Their next show is headlining Lancashire’s Lytham Festival on July 2, plenty of downtime after taking on the Pyramid Stage should they need it.
Meanwhile, Richard Ashcroft of The Verve will headline the Newmarket Racecourses on Friday, June 27 – leaving the rest of Glastonbury weekend wide open.
The Bitter Sweet Symphony legend was announced as the opening act for Oasis earlier this year after the Gallagher brothers ruled out their own rumoured Glastonbury set.
If Coldplay can return for the fifth time to play the coveted slot, why couldn’t Richard or Caleb, Nathan, Jared, and Matthew Followill return?
British pop-rock icons McFly have never headlined the beloved festival but have a very convenient break in their newly announced mini-tour.
The Star Girl singers will play Westonbirt Arboretum on June 21 and Southampton Guildhall Square on June 22 before taking a short break.
They’re back in action on July 12 in Scarborough then heading to Bedford Park on July 13.
Last time the band – consisting of Danny Jones, Tom Fletcher, Harry Judd, and Dougie Poynter – played Glastonbury, the Avalon Stage proved far too small.
McFly might prove a more surprising headline choice but that doesn’t mean they’re not in the lineup, possibly securing a closing slot on The Other Stage just like The National or Disclosure last year.
Alternatively, the Obviously hitmakers would make a fabulous late afternoon or early evening slot on the Pyramid Stage – similar to Avril Lavigne (although she was also The Other Stage).
Danny is currently in the I’m A Celebrity jungle and is a popular name to take the crown so keep your ears open – he may make a Nile-style slip-up in there.
So far only Sir Rod has been formally announced, having headlined the festival in 2002 and is the first headliner to return for the Legends slot.
Glastonbury festival organiser Emily Eavis said in a post on Instagram: ‘Bringing Sir Rod Stewart back for the Sunday afternoon slot on the Pyramid stage is everything we could wish for.
‘What a way to bow out with the final legend slot before we take a fallow year. We cannot wait!.’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Is Sir Rod Stewart the right fit for the Glastonbury legends slot?
Arrow
MORE: UK festival confirms 00s rock legends as headliners in huge 2025 line-up
Arrow
MORE: Huge name ‘ruled out’ of Glastonbury after infamous 2023 set ended in chaos