We've included pieces worn by Billie Eilish, Travis Scott, Olivia Rodrigo & more.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Nike has become a source for not only athletes, but also anyone looking to add a sporty, athleisure aesthetic to their wardrobe. That includes major artists like Billie Eilish, who has been sporting the brand onstage throughout her Hit Me Hard & Soft Tour — and she’s not the only one. Sneakerheads like Justin Bieber and Drake have also been known to flock to Nike to pick up fashion-forward streetwear like the sportswear brand’s iconic Air Force 1s.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billie Eilish		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	It’s not uncommon to see K-pop artists like BLACKPINK’s Lisa and Jisoo turn to the sportswear brand’s shoes for a more elevated sporty vibe. The love for Nike spans across music genres, with artists across pop, hip-hop and Latin incorporating Nike into their outfit rotations — and you can see it through all the official collaborations the brand has done, including with Eilish, Rosalía and Travis Scott.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	So as you hunt for unique gifts for the music lover in your life, you don’t have to only turn to their favorite artist’s official shop. Nike offers apparel regularly worn by musicians that’ll help fans channel their most-loved singer’s style — and earn you the “best gift giver” title in the process.

	Keep reading to learn more.

ShopBillboard has put together a list of the best Nike gifts for the friends (or family) who love athleisure — and inspired by musicians’ top styles. Below, you can find exact or similar pieces worn by the likes of the “Birds of a Feather” singer, as well as Scott, Rosalía, Lisa, Jisoo, Olivia Rodrigo, Shawn Mendes and more.

		Brad Paisley and Eilish are both fans of the Los Angeles Dodgers who recently won the 2024 World Series Championship. To celebrate the big win, Nike dropped exclusive gear including this Official Replica Men’s Jersey, which is just one piece of gear the “Happier Than Ever” singer has been spotted wearing at games. Paisley even performed the National Anthem for the Game 1, marking his fourth time performing for the sporting event.	

		There is nothing more timeless than a pair of Nike Air Force 1s. One of the most-seen styles is the all-while version that comes complete with a ventilated upper for added breathability and a cushioned interior for even more comfort. The list of singers who’ve been spotted in the sneaker is long and includes Suki Waterhouse, Ciara, Fat Joe, Eilish, Lizzo, Jennifer Lopez, Tinashe, Justin Bieber, Rihanna, Madison Beer, Travis Scott and Drake (just to name a few).	

		Addison Rae was once seen wearing this simple sports bra, which can also double as a sporty crop top. The built-in padding provides light support for low impact workouts and comes with adjustable straps to change to your liking. Unlike a plain design, the Indy version features front and side panels in a contrasting shade to elevate the look.	

		Even Rodrigo has joined the Nike trend having worn at some point these stretchy board shorts. Not only are they made with a quick-drying material, but the bottoms come with a longer inseam for fuller coverage.	

		In the past, K-pop singer Jisoo has opted to pair her outfits with these exact chunky platform sandals. Take outfits to new heights with the lifted sole while the upper comes with an adjustable tie to tighten the sandals to your liking. 	

		Rather than grab a basic pair of black athletic shorts, these Challenger bottoms will have your friend infusing Shawn Mendes’ style into their own. The singer has previously worn the style, which includes two layers of material including a slightly form-fitting interior that’ll move with you on the go.	

		Expand their collection of loungewear with a pair of Nike joggers — a piece previously seen on Rosalía. Your loved one can kick back in total comfort with the help of the elastic waistband and ankle cuffs that’ll stretch and gently rest on skin. 	

		BLACKPINK’s Lisa has been known to sport Nike off stage including the Alpha Force style in the red, white and black colorway. You can exude a more basketball vibe in a pair of these thanks to the court construction and ’80s inspired shape. 	

		Socks will always be that one essential gift you can never get too much of — and now your loved one can show off the same socks as Harry Styles. The “Daylight” singer has been spotted wearing Nike’s crew socks in the classic white shade, which reviewers praise for the design’s comfort and “thick” construction.	

		Camila Cabello is another artist who has been spotted wearing the brand — including a cropped polo back in January 2023, according to Instagram fashion blogger @camc.closet. While the original one isn’t available, this velour style shows off a more preppy side combined with comfort. Its exterior features a textured velvet material that’s soft to the touch while the sleeves and waist come with a stretchy cuffed fabric to help lock out chilly breezes.	

	For more product recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s gift guide for aspiring singers, musicians and gender-neutral gifts.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.