Cancel Anytime
Stevie Nicks performs at Smoothie King Center on Wednesday, Feb. 28.
Looking for more to do this week? Check out the latest on Gambit's calendar at calendar.gambitweekly.com.
Stevie Nicks drew a massive crowd at the 2022 New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival to see the storied singer play her hits like “Edge of Seventeen” and Fleetwood Mac songs like “Rhiannon” and “Landslide,” which she dedicated to the late Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins. Nicks was planning to return to New Orleans in 2023, but a Covid diagnosis in her band derailed part of her tour. She finally makes it to the Smoothie King Center at 7 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 28. Tickets start at $55 via smoothiekingcenter.com.
On the cusp of 40 years as a band, Yo La Tengo is a certified institution in indie rock. But rather than rest on its laurels, the trio from Hoboken, New Jersey, continues to give its all with each timely release, like its acclaimed 17th studio album, “This Stupid World,” released last year. The band plays two nights at Tipitina’s this week. The first night, Tuesday, Feb. 27, is a “Freewheeling” set featuring acoustic songs the band wrote in response to audience questions, and night two, Wednesday, Feb. 28, is a more standard tour set. Music starts at 8 p.m. Tickets are $30 per night or $50 for both via tipitinas.com.
Nashville-based comedian Dusty Slay doesn’t like to ask people if they’re having a good time — he’s too anxious they’ll say “no.” He’d rather just state the fact, “We’re having a good time,” delivered with a tiny wave. Always sporting a trucker hat, the comedian digs into his blue-collar work history and upbringing in an Alabama trailer park for his latest special “Workin’ Man,” now on Netflix. He’s now on “The Night Shift” tour and plays at 7 p.m. Friday, March 1, at the Joy Theater. Tickets start at $35 via thejoytheater.com.
Les Ballets de Monte Carlo presents its modern interpretation of “Swan Lake,” in which a prince falls for a princess who has been turned into a swan by a cruel magician. The work features Tchaikovsky’s score, dramatic sets and costumes by Cirque de Soleil designer Philippe Guillotel. Presented by New Orleans Ballet Association at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, March 2, at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Tickets $45-$209 via nobadance.com.
Americana singer James McMurtry comes to New Orleans for two shows. His latest release is 2021’s “The Horse and the Hounds,” an album showcasing his imaginative storytelling. He performs with support from Betty Soo at 8 p.m. Tuesday, Feb. 27, and solo at 7 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 28, at Chickie Wah Wah. Tickets $25 via chickiewahwah.com.
'Intertwined' features Mutu's mixed-media collage works, sculptures and videos.
The Broadway jukebox musical retells the story of the Temptations rise from Detroit to the top of the charts. The show includes the songs “My Girl,” “Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me,” “Papa Was a Rollin’ Stone” and many more. The touring production comes to Saenger Theatre Tuesday, Feb. 27, through Sunday, March 3. Showtimes vary. Tickets $35-$119 via saengernola.com.
The blue jumpsuit-wearing dudes in the Imagination Movers came together in New Orleans in 2002 with the idea of writing fun music for kids that didn’t condescend to them. Drawing from the music that they loved — bands like Beastie Boys, U2 and Red Hot Chili Peppers and genres like ska, punk and alt-rock — the band took off, and by 2008 had a TV show on the Disney Channel, which ran for three seasons. The band has continued to release new music, and they are working on a new full-length for sometime in 2024. The Imagination Movers play a rare 18-and-older show at 8 p.m. Friday, March 1, at Tipitina’s with Good Prblms and Brewster Durbin All Stars. Tickets are $20 via tipitinas.com.
In just three years, Olivia Rodrigo has quickly grown into one of the best new pop stars. She got her start in 2016 on the Disney Channel, but in 2020, Rodrigo turned her focus toward music. Her debut album, “Sour,” was a massive alt-pop hit, going four-times platinum, and the charismatic follow-up, “Guts,” released last September, has reached even higher heights. Rodrigo is now on her first arena tour and plays at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, March 2, at the Smoothie King Center. Find more details at smoothiekingcenter.com.
Braun's latest EP, 'Drift,' a captivating collection of soulful pop.
The Jazz & Heritage Foundation kicks off its three-weekend Chanteuse series, highlighting women vocalists, with a performance by Susan Cowsill on Friday, March 1. Cowsill started singing at a young age with her family’s band, and she’s a veteran of the Continental Drifters and has many solo albums. The series continues on Saturday, March 2, with Mikayla Braun and consecutive weekends with Margie Perez, Dawn Richard, Charm Taylor and more. Shows are at 8 p.m. at the George and Joyce Wein Jazz & Heritage Center. Admission $10. Find information at jazzandheritage.org.
The rise of disinformation and collapse of traditional media has left a lot of Americans unsure who they can trust when it comes to the news. WWL’s Charisse Gibson and WYES host a special screening of “Trustworthy,” a new documentary exploring that lack of trust. The movie was shot in communities across the country, including New Orleans, and features interviews with reporters, experts and members of the public. The free screening will be held at WYES Saturday, March 2 at 11 a.m.
The book captures how 'life and death live cheek to cheek' in the city.
In her standup, New York comedian Tina Friml likes to tell audiences, “I don’t suffer from cerebral palsy. I have cerebral palsy. I suffer from people.” She also jokes about dating on Tinder and going to bars and heading for the drunkest patrons so she looks like she fits in. It’s all part of her candid and disarming approach that’s gotten her on Comedy Central and to the New York Comedy Festival. She performs at 8 p.m. Friday, March 1, at The Howlin’ Wolf. Tickets $20 via thehowlinwolf.com.
The Fair Grounds Race Course & Slots puts the ponies out to pasture for a few 30-yard heats of wiener dog racing on Saturday, March 2. Races are for purebred Dachshunds, and there is a total of $1,000 in cash prizes at stake. Locals can enter their Dachshunds to race via the course website. Proof of vaccinations is required. Find information at fgno.com.
Alexandra Yanes and Alina Hernandez told us about attending NOCHI, creating Bamba and developing the menu.

        For more than 40 years, Gambit has covered New Orleans, for New Orleans.
        We’ve stood up to city hall with you, cheered the Saints with you,
        danced in the streets with you and cried over our collective loss with
        you. And we’re plannin’ on being here for 40 more. To do that, we need
        your help. Become a Gambit member today and help us continue our mission
      
Your weekly go-to show for all things happening in New Orleans.
Gambit's Events Calendar

For more upcoming events visit  
calendar.gambitweekly.com 

Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: