This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Pop star Olivia Rodrigo fell through a trapdoor on stage at her concert in Melbourne, Australia. (Credit: Baxter Humeniuk /TMX)
Pop star Olivia Rodrigo shocked fans when she fell through a stage trapdoor while performing.
Rodrigo, 21, was running across the stage when she fell into an opening in the floor at her "Guts World Tour" stop in Melbourne, Australia, on Monday.
"Oh my God, that was fun," the "drivers license" singer told the crowd before adding, "I’m okay!"
"Sometimes there’s just a hole in the stage," Rodrigo added. "That’s alright."
OLIVIA RODRIGO POWERS THROUGH WARDROBE MALFUNCTION DURING CONCERT: ‘SO EMBARRASSING’
Olivia Rodrigo fell through a stage trapdoor during her "Guts World Tour" stop on Oct. 14. (Gilbert Flores/Billboard via Getty Images)
Rodrigo is no stranger to onstage mishaps. The musician was in the middle of her song "Love is Embarrassing" during the London stop on her tour when her black crop top popped open in the back.
Rodrigo held the piece of clothing in place and continued singing as a dancer tried to help refasten it.
As she sang, she commented mid-song "This is f---ing embarrassing!" with a bit of a laugh, playing off the song's chorus, "God, love's f---in' embarrassing."
WATCH: OLIVIA RODRIGO FALLS THROUGH TRAPDOOR DURING PERFORMANCE
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Olivia Rodrigo performs at the Kia Forum on Aug. 14 in Los Angeles. (Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images)
Rodrigo originally gained fame while starring in the Disney Channel shows "Bizaardvark" and "High School Musical: The Musical: The Series."
The actress went on to release her debut album, "SOUR," in 2021. With the release of her single, "drivers license," Rodrigo became the youngest solo artist to debut at the top of the Billboard Hot 100.
She went on to release "deja vu," which charted in the top 10 before she landed another number one with the release of "good 4 u."
"I always thought of myself as a singer/songwriter who fell into acting and really liked it, rather than a child actor who's like, 'Oh, I'm going to try to be a pop star now,'" she explained in a 2021 interview with Clash.
Olivia Rodrigo's second studio album debuted in the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200. (Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Olivia Rodrigo experienced a wardrobe malfunction during the London stop of the "Guts World Tour." (Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Live Nation)
Rodrigo released "Guts," her second studio album, in 2023. The album landed the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200.
The album's single, "Vampire," debuted at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 and all 12 tracks landed within the top 40.
She began touring for the album in February. Rodrigo will continue to perform internationally through July 2025.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Fox News Digital's Elizabeth Stanton contributed to this report.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.