Actress Robyn Bernard poses for a portrait at her home in Los Angeles, California, circa 1983. (Photo by Donaldson Collection/Getty Images)Getty Images
Soap opera star found dead at 64
Former soap opera star Robyn Bernard has been found dead at age 64, according to multiple reports.
The actress, best known for playing Terry Brock on “General Hospital,” was found in an open field behind a business in San Jacinto, California, on Tuesday morning, according to the Riverside County Sheriff’s Office. She was declared dead at 4:08 a.m.
Bernard’s body was identified using her fingerprints after police were called for a death investigation.
A cause of death was not announced but foul play is not suspected, Sheriff’s Sgt. Wenndy Brito-Gonzalez said. An autopsy was reportedly scheduled for Wednesday; toxicology results may take weeks.
Bernard was a Texas native who played Terry Brock, a.k.a. Terry O’Connor, on 145 episodes of “General Hospital” from 1984 to 1990. Her character on the ABC daytime drama was the daughter of D.L. Brock (David Groh), pursuing a music career while struggling with alcoholism.
Her acting credits also included roles in “The Facts of Life,” “Diva,” “Whiz Kids,” “Simon & Simon,” “Tour of Duty,” and the Oscar-nominated French film “Betty Blue.” Her final role was the 2002 movie “Voices From the High School” before leaving Hollywood.
According to Deadline, Robyn started performing at a young age, singing gospel songs with her younger sister, Crystal Bernard, who went on to star on the TV series “Wings.” Crystal has not publicly commented on Robyn’s death.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices