ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 04: (L-R) Tracy Chapman and Luke Combs perform onstage during the ... More 66th GRAMMY Awards on February 04, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by John Shearer/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Tracy Chapman was one of several legends who performed during the 2024 Grammy Awards telecast, and it’s clear that the millions who tuned in are falling in love with her work all over again. Following the ceremony, the singer-songwriter dominates iTunes, and while one of her tunes is the clear winner, many of her biggest releases are doing well once again.
Currently, Chapman claims the No. 1 song on iTunes in the U.S. The singer’s “Fast Car” drives to the top spot on the ranking of the bestselling songs in America on the platform. At the time of writing, a 2015 remastered take on that cut is also present at No. 22.
As “Fast Car” returns to the iTunes chart, some of Chapman’s other beloved compositions are back as well. The singer-songwriter claims a pair of top 10s on the sales list, as “Give Me One Reason” reappears at No. 10.
Further down on the ranking of the bestselling tracks on iTunes in the U.S., Chapman occupies four other spaces, giving her ownership over seven spots inside the top 50. “Talkin' Bout a Revolution” blasts in at No. 42, a remastered edition of “Give Me One Reason” enters at No. 44, and “Baby Can I Hold You” is back at No. 46.
Chapman performed “Fast Car” during the 2024 Grammy ceremony, returning to the show after a lengthy absence. She was joined by Luke Combs, who made the song a hit once again in 2023 by turning it into a country tune. Combs was nominated for a Grammy for his rendition, though he didn’t win the honor.
From the moment Chapman stepped on stage, she was greeted with thunderous applause. In fact, her performance was one of the most exciting and talked-about of the evening, with many superstars in the room showing her love–and she seemed to enjoy the recognition.
While Combs didn’t win a Grammy for “Fast Car,” Chapman did earn a prize for the track back when it was new. She took home Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for the single back in 1989. That year, she also earned both the Best Contemporary Folk Album and Best New Artist awards. “Fast Car” was up for Record and Song of the Year, but lost to Bobby McFerrin’s "Don't Worry, Be Happy" in both fields.
Chapman is one of several Grammy performers who see their hits soaring on iTunes following this year’s show. Also present inside the top 10 are Miley Cyrus, Billy Joel, Combs, Billie Eilish, Joni Mitchell, and Olivia Rodrigo, who all sang some of their recent smashes on the telecast.