Outside the commotion of freshman move-in and syllabus week, music can be heard saturating the streets of San Luis Obispo. Like so many other California college towns, San Luis Obispo is a must for musicians on the West Coast legs of their tours. From indie folk to post-hardcore rock, the county will offer a range of sounds throughout the fall quarter.
Inner Wave will take the SLO Brew Rock stage on Sept.19 as part of a celebratory tour commemorating the 10th anniversary of their freshman album “Sun Transmission.” 
The Los Angeles five-piece has cultivated an effervescent indie-pop sound that borrows funk and psychedelic elements. The concoction yields a fun, bouncy energy, encouraging every listener to follow their instincts and dance. Tickets for this 18+ show are on sale now through the SLO Brew website for $39.05 apiece.
Recommended if you listen to No Vacation, Crumb, Mild High Club, Babe Rainbow
On Sept. 20, Glitterer, the D.C. melodic-infused post-hardcore rock band, will perform at Hello Village. Glitterer will be supported by Oakland nugaze legends Toner, the dreamy Los Angeles grungegaze outfit Draag and local nugaze group, Roving. 
If Hello Village doesn’t ring any bells, the venue is an Arroyo Grande children’s clothing store that recently began hosting hardcore shows. Glitterer released its fourth album earlier this year, pushing towards a more energetic but not necessarily upbeat sound, with emo-reminiscent hardcore vocals and an unexpected inclusion of a synthesizer. 
This is an all-ages show, and tickets are now for sale on the Hello Village website for $20. A trip to the mosh pit is included and guaranteed with each purchase. 
Recommended if you listen to Title Fight, Hotline TNT, Turnstile
The self-proclaimed bedroom rock group Wilt, hailing from Los Angeles, will be making a stop at Downtown San Luis Obispo’s Aviary during their fall West Coast tour on Sept. 21. Local indie trailblazer Couch Dog and Santa Barbara indie rock band The Framers will support the five-piece. 
The three bands will rejoin on stage after performing on the same bill at the Shabang Live Music and Arts Festival earlier this year. 
Wilt debuted their first EP this April full of catchy, headbang-able power pop ballads. Tickets for this all-ages show are now available for $28.52 each. 
Recommended if you listen to Slow Pulp, Paramore, Olivia Rodrigo, Mannequin Pussy
The funky dance music project Jungle is performing at the Vina Robles Amphitheatre on Sept. 25 as a part of their 2024 World Tour. 
Jungle is characterized by its groovy, upbeat tracks and a rotating roster of musicians. Their current touring group includes founders Josh Lloyd-Watson and Tom McFarland, as well as Lydia Kitto, George Day, Geo Jordan and Will Fry. 
The UK outfit has been climbing the charts for their album “VOLCANO” and reached the top ten US Billboard’s Top Dance / Electronic Songs with their hit single “Back On 74.” 
Tickets are available starting at $87.85 and KCPR is hosting a giveaway on their Instagram. 
Recommended if you listen to Thundercat, BADBADNOTGOOD, Hiatus Kaiyote, Khruangbin
The reigning queen of genre-bending, Faye Webster, will grace the Alex Madonna Expo Center stage on Sept. 26 as part of her “Undressed at the Symphony” album release tour. 
Often melding soft indie with an unmistakable twang and classic R&B production, Webster has taken a mellower approach with her fifth album and dipped a toe into the world of electronic autotuned vocals on some tracks. Special guest and collaborator Mei Ehara will join her, the Tokyo-based singer-songwriter who co-wrote and sang on Webster’s sophomore album “I Know I’m Funny haha.” 
Tickets are sold out on the Madonna Inn website, but offers can be found from online resellers.
Recommended if you listen to Men I Trust, beabadoobee, Clairo
Continuing with a trend of genre-bending, the Los Angeles-based four-piece Allah-Las, are set to perform at SLO Brew Rock on Sept. 28, with support from Maston’s cozy indie funk sensibilities. 
Releasing their first album in 2012, Allah-Las has come a long way from their surfy, folk-rock roots. Their most recent album “Zuma 85” sees the band into a new eclectic, prog-curious area of songwriting. 
Tickets for this 18+ show are now available for $39.05 on the SLO Brew Rock website. 
Recommended if you listen to Ty Segall, Tijuana Panthers, The Murlocs, The Brian Jonestown Massacre
Father John Misty, the current reverend of folk rock, will appear on the Fremont Theater’s stage on Sept. 29 to perform a full band headlining show, one of only four this year. 
Father John Misty previously took a two-year hiatus from releasing new music, but recently released a “Greatish Hits” compilation album paired with a new and unconventional single titled “I Guess Time Just Makes Fools of Us All.” It is an eight-minute funk track with his unmistakable twangy vocals. 
For this show, Omar Velasco, a Los Angeles-based folk singer-songwriter, will support him. Tickets are sold out, but you can try your luck for a pair of tickets by entering KCPR’s giveaway on their Instagram now.  
Recommended if you listen to Big Thief, Fleet Foxes, Angel Olsen, Fruit Bats
Indie rock turned lo-fi electronic artist Goth Babe (also known as Griff Washburn) will perform at the Alex Madonna Expo Center on Sept. 29 during his 2024 international tour. 
Goth Babe’s earlier work, which is noticeably inspired by a fusion of garage rock and psych rock, is a complete 180 compared to his most recent releases that feature upbeat, danceable rhythms. Goth Babe’s new work is beat-heavy and created entirely online, a departure from the guitar-focused sound he was previously making. 
The artist will be supported by The Aces, an all-female indie-pop band from Provo, Utah. Tickets are on sale now through the Madonna Inn website, starting at $43.98 apiece. 
Recommended if you listen to Still Woozy, STRFKR, Of Montreal, Hippo Campus
UK anarcho-punk pioneer Subhumans will tear up the Club Car Bar stage on Oct. 1 during their tour down the West Coast. Toronto-based queer art-punk band, Bad Waitress, will support Subhumans as a special guest. 
Although Subhumans hasn’t released new music since 2019, the group is influential in the world of politically charged punk and alternative music. Since their first studio album, “The Day the Country Died,” the collective has helped form an intrinsic bond between sociopolitical commentary and punk music, inspiring generations of musicians. 
Tickets are now available online for $23.90. 
Recommended if you listen to Crass, Dead Kennedys, GBH, The Damned, or any scruffy English punk band
Aussie experimental rock powerhouse King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard will take on the Vina Robles Amphitheatre on Nov. 3 as part of their 2024 US/Canada tour. 
In August, the band released their album Flight b741, a groovy, funk-forward collection that welcomes a brief but not unheard-of departure from their psychedelic tendencies. The album is plain old fun and brings in some unexpected but fitting jazz and twangy country elements. 
At this show, King Gizzard will be supported by Australian surf rock five-piece King Stingray and Los Angeles-based, vinyl-spinning DJ Crenshaw. Resale tickets are available through Ticketmaster starting at $64.99 each. 
Recommended if you listen to Ty Segall, OSEES (previously Thee Oh Sees), black midi, IDLES
New York-based indie pop artist The Drums, fronted by Jonathan Pierce, will perform at the Fremont on November 8 for his 2024 South America and US tour. 
The Drums released his newest album, “Johnny,” in October 2023. The album dives into a characteristically jangly, danceable sound, starkly contrasting the introspective and self-aware lyrics. A departure from the mostly poppy tracks, Jonny mixes in some slower, emotional ballads and more prominent computer-based beats and production. Still, this is unmistakably the same artist who brought us the 2011 album Portamento with its hit song “Money.” 
Tickets are now available on the Fremont website starting at $34.73.
Recommended if you listen to Beach Fossils, Surf Curse, The Growlers, Joy Again
Where the music never stops: Experience San Luis Obispo’s concert venues
Discover the melodic escape of Jan’s Place: San Luis Obispo’s neighborhood vinyl bar
New and upcoming releases by Cage the Elephant, The Marías and more
Tell us about it HERE.
Copyright 2024 Mustang Media Group. All rights reserved.