Musician Owen Piehl at his home in south Fargo where he converted a spare bedroom into his music studio. This is his home base for writing, playing and recording music. The print behind him depicts a painting by his grandfather, Walter Piehl, a renowned North Dakota artist.
FARGO — Owen Piehl’s friends call him “Regular Al Yankovic.”
The Fargo musician who grew up in the Bismarck-Mandan area is lead singer of the band Tailspin. He's getting lots of buzz lately for his parodies in the spirit of the wild-haired, accordion-pumping Yankovic.
“Where is My Zyn?” Piehl’s pitch-perfect parody of the Pixies’ indie-rock classic, “Where is My Mind?” has gone viral. It has racked up over 4 million views on TikTok and over 100,000 streams on Spotify.
Even if his younger followers might not know the Pixies’ original, many have praised Piehl’s version of it, in which he recounts dozing off with a Zyn nicotine pouch tucked in his lip and waking up to realize he swallowed it.
“It’s by far and away my most popular thing I’ve ever put out,” the clean-cut 23-year-old said from his south Fargo apartment, where the second bedroom has been converted into his music studio. “It’s silly, but it’s cool. I’ll take what I can get.”
When Piehl’s version of “Where Is My Zyn?' started trending on TikTok last spring, a representative from California record label Hallwood Media contacted him and signed him to write and record an EP of parody songs.
The cover of Owen Piehl's "Fiend" EP, which was released in April and contains seven nicotine-themed parodies based on contemporary hits.
That resulted in “Fiend,” a collection of parodies about nicotine, vaping and addiction. It produced a second popular track, “Nictide,” which spoofs the Vance Joy hit, “Riptide,” and has netted 53,877 streams on Spotify.
Piehl never wanted to be “Weird Al Yankozyn,” and he never intended to be a parodist. He’s always been serious about his music — teaching himself to play guitar for his first band in fifth grade and later experimenting with rap on the audio-sharing social media platform Soundcloud.
Music came naturally to him. While raising their family in Menoken, and later Mandan, Piehl’s parents, Shadd and Marnie Piehl, often filled the household with the melodies of everything from the Beatles and Nirvana to Wilco and the Jayhawks. (Years later, Piehl’s band would take its name from the Jayhawks’ hit, “Tailspin.”)
His family tree is rooted in creativity. His dad is a cowboy poet, writer and musician and his mom is a writer. His grandfather, Walter Piehl, has become one of North Dakota’s best-known artists for his vibrant impressionistic images of cowboys, horses and rodeos.
Even Piehl’s decision to study communications at North Dakota State University was shaped by music.
Musician Owen Piehl in his south Fargo home recording studio on Aug. 14. The whiteboard behind him lists his long-term goals and various to-do lists regarding his music.
“I picked Fargo because there’s more culture here. There's a lot of cool music spots, a lot of local bands,” he said.
These days, Piehl pays his bills working as a marketing content writer. But his spare time is dedicated to music, whether he’s playing weekend gigs with Tailspin or writing songs.
Owen Piehl performs alongside fellow singer, Abbi Lee, during a Tailspin performance in February.
He does the latter at a prodigious rate — cranking out three to four original pieces each week. Piehl believes the key to songwriting is to just do it, then keep at it until you’re good at it.
“I really like the idea that luck only happens to people who are prepared,” he said. “A lot of people can get lucky, but they’re not prepared to capitalize on it. It’s a combination of getting lucky but having the preparation and putting in the work.”
Yet his most successful song to date seemed to just waft over him like mist from a vape pen.
Piehl had switched to Zyn nicotine pouches last year after realizing how vaping impacted his breathing and singing.
Soon after his disappearing Zyn incident, Piehl was listening to the Pixies' “Where is My Mind?” when the phrase, “Where is my Zyn?” popped into his head.
“It’s like, I gotta write this down, right? So I grab the guitar. The first line was weird because it came really easily. The song is like, ‘With your feet in the air and your head on the ground,’ and so I wrote, ‘With the Zyn in your lip and your head on the couch.’”
Piehl posted the first verse on TikTok, which immediately racked up likes and positive comments.
Encouraged, he wrote the rest of the parody and posted it.
When Hallwood commissioned an EP in February, Piehl churned out seven clever takes on contemporary hits, including “Wheezeblocks” for alt-J's “Breezeblocks," “I’m Not 16 Anymore” for Paramore’s “I’m Not Angry Anymore,” and “Fiend” for Radiohead’s seminal “Creep.”
He then recorded the songs with Zack Richard, a local musician who performs as solo artist Emerson Pluto and also as one-half of the local dark-pop/hiphop duo, Ravencrow.
Since then, the success of Piehl's nicotine-themed parodies has become a double-edged sword. It has given him a taste of fame and exposed more people to his music, but has also sometimes overshadowed his other work.
“I’ve kind of created a monster,” he said. “Now when I promote my other original stuff, which I’m really proud of, people just comment, ‘Where is — insert whatever parody song. Why isn’t this on Spotify?’ They want more parodies and I don’t really want to be Weird Al Yankozyn.”
Then there’s the tricky business of possibly being accused of glorifying habits like vaping or nicotine use.
“You know, I never expected to come to my mom and be like, yeah, I’m blowing up on the internet for using nicotine,” he said. “When I was writing those, I didn’t want to celebrate that stuff but recognized just that part of myself. What I realized is that a lot of people, especially my generation, have gone through the same thing.”
Piehl’s high school years coincided with the vape epidemic, in which vaping was marketed as a “safe” alternative to cigarette smoking. “I was 16 watching kids taking two Juul pods a day, which is the equivalent to like four packs of cigarettes,” he said.
Most of “Fiend’s” songs actually express regret over the addictive power of nicotine and call out the manufacturers who make those products. Piehl’s “Puffbar" reshapes Olivia Rodrigo’s “Vampire,” into a bitter message to Big Tobacco: “There’s nothing wrong with a vice, but you had to sell it to kids, it don’t subtract from your lies, we all know what you did … take my life with a (expletive) puffbar.”
So what do his parents — the people who first instilled in him a love of writing and music and the Pixies — think of his viral success?
“I’m surprised he didn’t do Wilco actually,” joked his mom, Marnie Butcher Piehl.
As for the album’s subject matter, “I wouldn’t say it was anti-nicotine but his songs are pretty subversive in their lyrics and approach to the addiction they all thought they were too smart for,” she said.
Marnie said her oldest son is so “TikTok famous” that his younger brother got instant credit at a recent NDSU orientation when the other new students realized he was Owen’s brother.
Musician Owen Piehl parodied the Pixies song "Where is My Mind?" with his version of "Where is My Zyn?" a reference to the nicotine pouch. The parody went viral on TikTok, prompting a California record company to contact him and request that he write a collection of parodies. Piehl delivered, although he said he doesn't want to be "another Weird Al Yankovic."
For his part, Piehl isn't letting it go to his head. He continues to write and record his original music and front Tailspin on stage. He’s in the midst of releasing four seasonal EPs of original (non-parody) music, which started with “Summer Sun and So On” in May and a fall EP slated for September.
“Obviously, I like having people like the stuff and I like seeing the numbers do well. All that is awesome,” he said. “But I really just love writing songs. I love playing music, so I’m just going to keep doing that regardless.”
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Former North Dakota Republican state lawmaker and insurance commissioner Jim Poolman has issued a statement distancing himself from former sta…
Former Sen. Ray Holmberg emailed his close friend, a University of North Dakota entrepreneur, about his sexual exploits, including when the se…
Newly released call logs show late North Dakota Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem spoke with former Sen. Ray Holmberg during a sex crime invest…
Editor's note: McClusky firefighter Jaiden Bauer and Wing firefighter Casey Quale were injured when they were overcome by flames while helping…
North Dakota lawmakers passed a $408 million property tax relief bill late Friday, marking a significant step toward addressing rising tax burdens. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.