TikTok is a haven of beauty secrets. From blow-dry techniques and hair-gem stampers to makeup routines and nail art, there's a wealth of tips, tricks, and trends to keep your inner beauty fan satisfied.   
The latest social media craze on #MakeupTok are lip combos. A staggering 557 million viewers have watched #lipcombo videos on the app in a bid to find the best lip liner, lipstick, and lip gloss combinations to wear together. Maybe you want a go-to combination you can wear every day, or maybe you want to try something that's out-of-the box. Whether you're looking for something bright and bold or something pared down and tonal, when it comes to options, the limit does not exist. You can opt for something glossy, something matte, or something completely in between — the world is your oyster.  
While some people have a signature lip combo that they wear every day, others look to celebrities for inspiration. If you've been searching for the exact lippy worn by Simone Ashley, the '90s liner adored by Alexa Demie, or the gloss loved by Doja Cat, you've come to the right place. Read on to get the lip combos loved by the stars such as Olivia Rodrigo, Hailey Bieber, and more. 
Make Up For Ever Anywhere Liner in Anywhere Caffeine ($24)
Charlotte Tilbury's Pillow Talk Lipstick ($35)

Hailey Bieber is a beauty icon in her own right, influencing just about everyone to copy her glazed donut nails. But what about her lips? Bieber isn't too shy to drop the exact products she uses. In several different videos, she has been seen using the Make Up For Ever Anywhere Liner in Anywhere Caffeine and "Endless Cocoa," alongside Charlotte Tilbury's Pillow Talk Lipstick.
Pat McGrath Labs Permagel Ultra Lip Pencil in Brownoveaux ($29)
Trance Lipstick in Flesh 5 ($39)

In this very picture, we know exactly what lipstick and liner Simone Ashley is wearing. In fact, we know every single product that she is wearing. The makeup artist who painted Ashley's face for the 2022 Met Gala revealed every detail of her beauty look on Instagram. On her lips, Ashley is wearing Pat McGrath Labs Permagel Ultra Lip Pencil in Brownoveaux Trance Lipstick in Flesh 5.

Glossier's Ultra Lip ($22)

Olivia Rodrigo is a low-maintenance girl. Instead of a lip duo, she simply uses Glossier's Ultra Lip in Ember. It's no surprise that Rodrigo is a Glossier fan considering the star is the brand's first celebrity ambassador. However, Olivia has been a "Glossier girl for years".
Pat McGrath Labs PermaGel Ultra Lip Pencil in Deep Dive ($29)
Pat Mcgrath Lust: Gloss in Love Potion ($17).

Doja Cat was decked out in Pat McGrath for the Grammys earlier this year. In this photo, the "Say So" singer is wearing Pat McGrath Labs PermaGel Ultra Lip Pencil in Deep Dive Lust: Gloss in Love Potion.

MAC Lip Pencil in Spice ($24)
Chanel Rouge Coco Flash in Boy ($48)

Lily James's looks are ever-changing, and she stunned fans with her transformation into Pamela Anderson for Hulu's "Pam & Tommy". We couldn't get enough of the lip combo the actress was sporting in this role. For the beach scenes, James wore a look that simply oozed '90s glam. According to David Williams, head of the film's makeup team, James wore the MAC Lip Pencil in Spice and Chanel Rouge Coco Flash in Boy.

Charlotte Tilbury's Lip Cheat in Pillow Talk ($25)

"Bridgerton"'s season one 'It' Girl's lip look couldn't be easier to achieve. If you want to get Dynevor's slightly pink and plump look, all you need is Charlotte Tilbury's Lip Cheat in Pillow Talk  and a touch of lip balm. That's literally it, according to her recent makeup tutorial for Vogue. Charlotte Tilbury herself confirmed that the actor wore the Charlotte Tilbury Matte Revolution Pillow Talk Original on set for a more dramatic look.

Pat McGrath Labs PermaGel Ultra Lip Pencil in Buff ($29)
Pat McGrath Matte Trance Lipstick in Christy ($39)

Adele wore a full face of Pat McGrath Labs for her famous Vogue cover in 2021, and she looked stunning. The "Go Easy on Me" singer was sporting the Pat McGrath Labs PermaGel Ultra Lip Pencil in Buff and Matte Trance Lipstick in Christy.
Make Up For Ever's Lip Liner in Whatever Walnut and Endless Cacao ($24)

"Euphoria" is responsible for the resurgence of glitter, neon eyeshadows, rhinestone gems, and, of course, '90s lips. Alexa Demie, who plays Maddy, wore a dark-brown lip liner with matte nude lipstick and dabbled on high-shine lip gloss throughout the show. And in real life, Demie shares her character's love for '90s glam.

In a 2019 makeup tutorial, Demie said, "I don't ever not wear lip liner . . . sometimes I even layer lip liners." While we don't know for sure what products Demie wears on a daily basis, a makeup artist she worked with on the set of "Euphoria" has revealed which products she used on the actor.

Alexandra French, who worked on season two, said that Demie wore Make Up For Ever's Lip Liner in Whatever Walnut and Endless Cacao, and lip gloss throughout the filming of the hit HBO show.
R.E.M. Lip Stain Marker in Miss Berry ($17) 

Ariana Grande might be known for her signature high ponytail, but let's talk about her lips. The star showed Vogue how she typically does her makeup, opting for a berry shade all over and a pink lip gloss. She's wearing the R.E.M. Lip Stain Marker in Miss Berry topped with a plumping lip gloss.
Make Up For Ever's Multi Use Artist Pencil in Endless Cacao ($24)

Celebrity makeup artist Katie Jane Hughes did Lily Allen's makeup in May for the "Stranger Things" premiere in New York and revealed exactly which products were put on the "Smile" singer's face. Besides learning that Allen wore bronzer underneath  her foundation, we also found out that Allen was wearing a purple blush on her lips and Make Up For Ever's Multi Use Artist Pencil in Endless Cacao.
CTZN Cosmetics Lip Stroke in San ($18)
Nudiversal Lip Duo in Capri ($29)

"Sober" singer Mahalia has been spotted wearing the same stunning lip combo a few times, so it's safe to say this is her signature look. Thanks to makeup artist Hila Karmand, we know that the 24-year-old likes wearing CTZN Cosmetics Lip Stroke in San with the brand's Nudiversal Lip Duo in Capri.
— Additional reporting by Renee Rodriguez

Izzie Deibe is a former contributing associate editor for PS UK.  is the senior beauty editor at PS, where she writes about hair, makeup, skin care, piercings, tattoos, and more. As a New York City-based writer and editor with a degree in journalism and over eight years of industry experience, she loves to interview industry experts, keep up with the latest trends, and test new products.

Renee Rodriguez is a staff writer and social producer for PS. She writes across all verticals, but her main areas of expertise focus on fashion and beauty content with an emphasis on reviews and editor experiments. She also produces social content for the PS TikTok and Instagram accounts.