ByMonica Mercuri
ByMonica Mercuri,
 Contributor. 
Paramount Pictures "Mean Girls" (2024) currently in theaters.
A Gen-Z update on a millennial classic, Tina Fey’s Mean Girls ranked at the top of the box office in January, second to Timothée Chalamet’s Wonka. Wondering when Mean Girls is coming to streaming? Find out when you'll be able to watch the movie musical on Paramount+ and digital.
The Mean Girls movie musical is an adaptation of the 2018 Tony-nominated Broadway musical based on the 2004 comedy. Reneé Rapp (The Sex Lives of College Girls) plays Regina George (reprising her Broadway role), while Angourie Rice (Mare of Easttown) portrays Cady Heron (played by Lindsay Lohan in the original movie).
Tina Fey, who penned the 2004 movie, the Broadway show, and the upcoming film, also stars in the musical as Ms. Norbury. Tim Meadows (who played Principal Duvall in Mean Girls) also reprises his role, while newcomers include Christopher Briney (The Summer I Turned Pretty) as heartthrob Aaron Samuels, Bebe Wood (Love, Victor) and Avantika Vandanapu (Spin) as fellow plastics Gretchen Weiners and Karen Smith, Auli’i Cravalho (Moana) as Janis Ian, and more.
Mean Girls was initially slated to debut on Paramount+, but the film was moved to a theatrical release in September 2023. Since January 12, Mean Girls has grossed more than $83 million worldwide at the box office, according to Box Office Mojo. The film boasts a 70% score from verified film critics and a 63% audience score on Rotten Tomatoes.
The film went viral after it surprised some theatergoers, some of whom said they didn’t know the movie was a musical because it wasn’t made clear in the trailer. (The official trailer failed to include any musical numbers from the Broadway show and instead played Olivia Rodrigo’s new single “Get him back!” in the background.) However, the movie’s final trailer did contain a snippet of an original song from the film.
Find out when and how to watch Mean Girls on Paramount+ and digital below.
As of February 20 2024, Mean Girls is available to rent ($19.99) or purchase ($24.99) on video-on-demand sites like Amazon Prime Video, Vudu, and Apple TV.
Paramount Pictures "Mean Girls" (2024) currently in theaters.
Mean Girls (2024) will be available to stream on Paramount+ starting on March 5, 2024.
Watch the trailer for Mean Girls (2024) below.