The actor talks building a career portraying outsiders, the upcoming Lyle and Erik Menendez Story, and how her 20s already feel like a “such a different era”
Chloë Sevigny has always been drawn to stories about outsiders. Since bursting onto the scene as an HIV+ teenager in the 1995 film Kids and earning an Academy Award nomination for her work as the girlfriend of a transgender man in 1999’s pioneering Boys Don’t Cry, Sevigny has built an eclectic career tackling taboo topics in indie and art-house films and prestige dramas alike, and has brought her signature brand of cool and toughness to the small and silver screens in equal measure.
But before landing a supporting role on Ryan Murphy’s Feud: Capote vs. the Swans, which wrapped up its eight-episode run earlier this month, Sevigny seldom had the chance to play, as she puts it, “a glamorous character”—one who hearkens back to the actor’s status as a ’90s It girl and style icon.
In the star-studded Feud, Sevigny plays C.Z. Guest, the high-society doyenne who befriended celebrity author Truman Capote and continued to defend him even after a published excerpt from his magnum opus, Answered Prayers, led to his banishment from New York City’s elite circles. It probably helped that, unlike the other affluent women whose most intimate secrets he used as inspiration, Guest did not have her privacy violated in Capote’s ultimately unfinished novel.
“You would think that maybe she would choose [the Swans’] side, but I think that she also had a deep love for Truman, and she rose above it all and was like, ‘I’m not going to play into this feud,’ ” Sevigny tells Harper’s Bazaar. “I don’t really know how she felt about Truman, but as far as how we’re playing her, she just felt a deep sympathy for him, believed in his genius, and valued his friendship. I’m sure she valued the women’s. too, but I’m sure she got something different from both [sides].”
On a recent Zoom call from Los Angeles—where she has been shooting Murphy’s Monsters: The Lyle and Erik Menendez Story, a miniseries about the American brothers convicted in 1996 of murdering their parents—Sevigny opens up about how she built her interpretation of C.Z. Guest, what viewers can expect from her portrayal of the Menéndez brothers’ mother, Kitty, and why she decided to hold a major closet sale in New York City on Mother’s Day last year.
There was this book of photos of her that had a lot of essays of different people recounting specific things about her, and I found that very [useful as a resource]. My mother reminds me a lot of C.Z. Guest in the way she carries herself and the way she holds on to certain traditions, so I think I was more trying to almost honor my mother than [Guest], in a way. That was a way to personalize it, because [my mother] is of that kind of ilk. She’s not a wealthy woman, but I think she has a certain kind of reserved nature to her and thinks mystery is the last beauty.
I was really surprised to find out that [Guest] had been such an entrepreneur, releasing all the gardening books and products and the knitwear. She didn’t have to do all that. I kept referring to her as a kind of precursor to Martha Stewart, where she realized the influence that she had—and I think it was more than capitalizing on it. I think she just liked to be busy, and she liked to offer women tools. She really loved and believed in what she found joy in, and wanted to help other people find joy in those things as well. There’s something admirable about that.
I feel like even my 20s are such a different era already. [Laughs.] So I do think that things are moving very rapidly and always are, and that is a large aspect of the show. Now, obviously, we’re seeing a lot of people holding on to certain things that were meaningful in the past, and I feel like that’s having a lot of negative connotations right now. Progress is more embraced as a positive thing. But I think with these women and what they held dear, there was a big sea of change [toward the end of their lives]. Certain levels of discretion, grace, mystery, elegance, and manners—a lot of that kind of fell by the wayside. I think that [writer Jon Robin Baitz] and Ryan wanted to obviously touch on that and maybe feel that they missed out on that as well to a certain degree, [because] there is a charm to that.
I was never at home in the ’90s. I was always out of the house, so I feel like I didn’t watch a lot of TV. [Laughs.] I just wanted to be out with my friends. I’m sure there were those iconic images of them that I saw in the tabloids and the newsstands. [I remember] the Vanity Fair and Dominick Dunne pieces—even just that font [on the pages of the trial coverage] is so iconic.
I’m learning so much about them and this kind of resurgence where people are getting behind them [following] the Menudo reveal. [Editor's Note: In a documentary series last year, a member of ’80s Puerto Rican boy band Menudo said he’d been raped by the Menéndez brothers’ father, record-label exec José—whom the brothers have long claimed also raped them.] Oddly enough, I sat next to a director at a Vanity Fair party who said, “My wife was very close with Kitty, and she doesn’t believe the boys at all. She said Kitty loved those boys so much.” So now I’m trying to get in touch with her to hear her personal accounts, which I generally don’t like to do, but there’s so much negative stuff about Kitty that I feel like it could be really beneficial to hear from someone that did know her. This woman works in Hollywood, so I feel like she would have a certain discretion and understand the nuances of what it means to tell a real-life person’s story.
I’m ready to put that [story] away for a minute. It just feels like there’s so much responsibility, and then [I’m dealing with] the weight of answering all these questions. How you talk about it in the press is very delicate, and it’s tiring, honestly. So I would like to be able to create someone again, because I did The Girl from Plainville and The Act, and it’s just been a slew of [true-crime stories]. So it would be nice to get back to something fictional that I could have more to talk about, in the sense of creating a character and not feeling like you’re on this tightwire.
It’s very much informed by the writing right now, and I’m just trying to really ground it. I guess it’s the same thing that I did with C.Z., because I do feel like there can be a tendency to ride off the rails in a Ryan Murphy production. I do want to bring dignity to her, even in her faults, and try to empathize with how she felt about the things that she complains about throughout the show. [She’s talking about] the children taking away the love of her life, and taking away her body, her career, her ambitions. I talk to a lot of women who can find that [divided attention] challenging once they’re mothers. I’ve had countless people be like, “Well, now look at me after the baby. Look at my body.” I have specific lines of dialogue that mimic that.
But turning a blind eye to any sort of sexual abuse—how do you even begin to understand that or play that? … But her father abused her mother, and it’s the cycle of abuse that the show is really examining. Her father left the family when she was young, and she said her mother confronted her father, and therefore she doesn’t want to confront José, because she doesn’t want to lose him. Trying to navigate that tone is tricky. It feels more like [The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story], in the sense where you’re really examining different characters in different episodes, so it feels very rich as far as different people’s perspectives and feelings about the case, the boys, and the family.
I think he’s one of the only showrunners out there that is specifically interested in examining women and their relationships. He’s had all these great parts for Sarah Paulson, Jessica Lange, and the list goes on and on, so I respect him for wanting to tell women’s stories with complexity and nuance and letting us ride off the rails and have fun. [Laughs.]
The production design, the costumes, the hair—everything is so lavish, so complete, and so fully realized in his productions. You can really lose yourself in that world, and I really love how immersive his productions are. The writing is always really rich, and I think he really leans on his collaborators. He is the mastermind, but he really gives space for collaborators to really shine their artistry, and I respect that. He’s not just controlling everything to the utmost; I think he comes in and helps rally different artists and artisans in the business.
I think so. I had done the costume designs for [1997 film] Gummo … and then I kind of got waylaid for a while, and I was like, “This isn’t enough for me.” I did all these collaborations with Opening Ceremony, which was a clothing brand in New York, owned by my friends [Carol Lim and Humberto Leon]. I had to tell a story [with] every collection, and it became very narrative. I felt like, Wow, I’m really leaning on my work in film, and this is what a filmmaker does. So I felt very empowered by having those experiences that they gave me—creating the clothes, doing the show, doing the look book, and then going out and selling it and promoting it. I think that really empowered me and gave me the agency to want to aspire to be a filmmaker.
I’m developing three right now, and we’ll see if anybody will give us the money for any of them. [Laughs.] They’re in various states of completion, but there are a lot of producers out there that I’ve worked with over the years that I feel like really believe in me, so I’m confident that we can get something going. I’m trying to be economic and think about the constraints of a lot of first-time filmmakers and how to make it easier on myself, as far as just keeping it contained. If you’re not too ambitious with locations and running around and things like that, you can experiment more and have more time with the actors, and hopefully shoot more coverage that can be beneficial in the editing process. So I’m really looking at it [in terms of] what can benefit me as a first-time feature filmmaker to hopefully create the strongest film that I can.
I know! That was very cute and cool.
No, I wasn’t surprised that anyone would want anything. [Laughs.] I think everything that I had acquired, I had purchased and loved in my own way. It felt good. I’ve been holding on to these clothes for so long. A lot of those things I sold were from the ’90s and early ’00s, and it was like this albatross, and I still have too much stuff. I’m just like, “Why do I always have so much stuff? Why do I always want to acquire new things to feel good, to go out, to feel sexy, to feel whatever? Why do clothes have this power over me?” And I still grapple with that every day. So trying to shed them and have less is something I’m always striving toward. … I’m happy for other people to enjoy those things and have them not just sitting in my storage space.
A lot of the denim was really hard to let go of, because I feel like you can revisit denim over and over again. But I’m also not the same size I was when I was 23 years old, so I just had to let go of a lot of it. To me, the heartbreak is more: Would my son ever have wanted it? That’s the hardest part. Or will he not care and just be into new things? I don’t know. That’s the crapshoot. He could be like, “Damn, Mom, those jeans—what were you thinking [selling them]?”
This interview has been edited and condensed for length and clarity.
30 Essential Mother’s Day Movies
The 55 Best Shows on Hulu
Sarah Catherine Hook on Her First Chanel Show 
The 20 Best Movie Series of All Time
The 18 Best Korean Movies Streaming Now
The 29 Best Binge-Worthy HBO Shows 
A Brief History of Black Vampires in Pop Culture
Inside the Costumes of On Swift Horses
All About Sunrise on the Reaping
Inside the Deeply Southern Style of Sinners
“The Summer I Turned Pretty” Returns This July 
Charlotte Gainsbourg Leaps Into the Light
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.