Olivia Rodrigo brings the GUTS world tour to The Garden on April 5, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
The last time Olivia Rodrigo played New York City, in 2022, the pop-rock ingenue sold out two nights at Radio City Music Hall, wailing before 12,000 fans. Not too shabby for a shiny, new artist on her first concert tour, supporting her first — and first No. 1 — album in “SOUR” and its world-beating ballad “Driver’s License,” which quickly rerouted the teen Disney star’s career from actor to mainstream disrupter in 2021.
Flash forward a couple years and Rodrigo, now 21, has upgraded her pop status from potential flash in the pan to an overboiling hitmaker, landing another chart-topper in 2023′s “GUTS” LP, fueled by more heart-sleeve showstoppers (“Vampire,” “Teenage Dream”) and danceable bubble-punk (“All-American B----,” “Bad Idea, Right”). The ascendant singer is now trailed by legions of devout fans donning shades of lavender and lilac — matching the albums’ aesthetics, of course — and stomping in their newly purchased Doc Martens.
Olivia Rodrigo brings the GUTS world tour to The Garden on April 5, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
The piqued purple horde filed into Madison Square Garden Friday night for the first of four sold-out nights at the world’s most famous arena — by Tuesday, a cool 60,000 supporters will have shrieked and bounced along with the sequin-soaked girl from Temecula, California.
Of course, this mini-residency and final U.S. stop on the “GUTS World Tour” amounts a load of pressure for Rodrigo, who while starring in the Disney streaming hit “High School Musical: The Musical: The Series,” is by no means a seasoned live entertainer. Heck, she only began headlining arenas when this tour started five weeks ago, and The Garden is another animal — quick to swallow performers of any stature who don’t respect its gravitas.
Olivia Rodrigo brings the GUTS world tour to The Garden on April 5, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
But Rodrigo was ready for the challenge and then some, unleashing a positively radiant set crackling with enthusiasm, premier vocal chops and a surge of fan adulation so tangible it may have been bottled and sold at the merch stands.
Moreover, Rodrigo’s confidence has ballooned since her last roadshow — any wide-eyed sense of “wow, I’m actually here” has been replaced with “wow, I belong here.”
Plus a lot of swearing.
“Tonight is going to be so much f------ fun,” Rodrigo barked to the crowd early in her taut, one-hour and 45-minute set. She wore a sparkling silver bra and skirt, fishnet stockings and Docs of her own. “I want everyone here up out of your seats, I want you to jump around, I want you to scream, I want you to feel all your feelings!”
The soul-bearing flowed freely as Rodrigo sang of lost love’s wreckage and its maelstrom of despair, rage, confusion and doubt.
A post shared by Bobby Olivier (@bobbyolivier)
“Argument you held over my head, brought up the girls you could have instead, said I was too young, I was too soft, can’t take a joke, can’t get you off, oh, why do I do this?” Rodrigo lamented, her voice piercing on “Logical” as she floated above the arena floor, sitting on a large crescent moon (think the DreamWorks logo) that carried her around the venue.
She writes with a cinematic and confessional (if not sometimes histrionic) lens; much like her early muse Taylor Swift, it’s easy to feel like you know Rodrigo intimately through her music.
Never was the communion between star and fan more overt than during her new ballad “Teenage Dream,” a track bound not to romance but her fragile self-image and the terror of wondering whether she’s already peaked. “When am I gonna stop being great for my age and just start being good?” she sang, plinking a baby grand piano at the center of her horseshoe-shaped stage. A home-video montage of little Olivia, in ballet class and singing living room karaoke, played on the jumbo screen behind her and the seven-piece band.
The song finished with a stabbing refrain: “They all say that it gets better, it gets better the more you grow. Yeah, they all say that it gets better, it gets better, but what if I don’t?”
While these more melancholic moments were Rodrigo’s secret weapon, allowing her exceeding vocal prowess to blaze unfettered, many fans will distinguish this night in New York by its surprise guest: The new pop-folk star Noah Kahan, whose unlikely hit “Stick Season” Rodrigo covered last year.
“I found his music about a year ago and instantly became obsessed,” Rodrigo gushed before welcoming the humble Vermont singer-songwriter to the stage for an impassioned duet. The crowd melted into puddles of elation, some hands still clinging to their smartphones, recording their precious, brag-worthy videos.
The rest of the show spun chapters of a punk-tinged pop adventure, with Rodrigo galloping around the stage, banging her back-length locks to the crunchy newbie “Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl” and “SOUR” favorites “Brutal” and “Good 4 U.” Here, her path deviates from most of her pop constituents, as she seems genuinely inspired by the ‘90s-era, female-led rock of Veruca Salt and Liz Phair.
Olivia Rodrigo brings the GUTS world tour to The Garden on April 5, 2024.Al Mannarino | For NJ Advance Media
This all might feel a little pretentious if she didn’t walk the walk: Her opening act for all four Garden dates is The Breeders, the Ohio alt-rock stalwarts almost exclusively known for their 1993 album “Last Splash.”
”I remember my life in two distinct periods: Before I heard (Breeders singer) Kim Deal and after I heard Kim Deal,” Rodrigo said earnestly. To boot, her stage was steeped in no-frills rock image; all black, just her and the band — and an occasional troupe of eight dancers, who boosted songs like “Pretty Isn’t Pretty,” gazing into hand mirrors to portray the tune’s commentary on beauty and the struggle to stay confident.
A post shared by Bobby Olivier (@bobbyolivier)
Though Rodrigo seems to be winning that battle. She’s found balance between vulnerability and poise. She’s stepped back from the edge of shattering, channeling her feelings of inadequacy in life and love into a pissed-off propulsion that makes you want to stand up and howl beside her. This is why she’s gotten so big so fast, why this tour is a raging success and why her next outing may be in a football stadium.
Let’s just hope she stays this grounded: Early on, while sitting at the piano, she noted how she’d recently turned 21, how happy she was about it and how “I feel like I know myself so well.”
She went on, noting that if she could tell her 18-year-old self anything “I would tell her that growing up is f------ awesome, you have no idea how much fun and excitement and blessings are ahead of you.”
April 5, 2024 — Madison Square Garden, New York
Encore:
Bobby Olivier may be reached at bolivier@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @BobbyOlivier and Facebook.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices