In 2021, Olivia Rodrigo's debut album dropped, and the #FreeBritney movement picked up steam. It was also the last time we got a NEIGHBORHOOD x Dr. Martens collaboration.
Three years later, the Japanese streetwear brand NEIGHBORHOOD and British footwear brand Dr. Martens are back with their third collaboration featuring two new dress shoes.
First up, the NEIGHBORHOOD x Dr. Martens collaboration introduces a new textural twist on the Penton Loafer. Hairy black suede covers the shoe, giving it a fuzzy look that becomes softer with each wear.
A polished leather heel counter completes the shoe, stamped with NEIGHBORHOOD's logo in white. Typically seen in yellow, the traditional welt stitching comes in white for the collaboration, sticking to the collection's two-tone theme.
The collection also includes the NEIGHBORHOOD x Dr. Martens 4-eye Smiths. Like the loafer, the Oxford dress shoe has a minimalistic design and stays synonymous with NEIGHBORHOOD's signature aesthetic. For the Smiths, however, NEIGHBORHOOD's branding lands on the toebox, reminding wearers that the collaboration was "crafted with pride" every time they look down.
Although the labels have been apart, they've each kept busy with other projects and collaborations. Dr. Martens just released funky hybrid shoes with MM6 Maison Margiela, while NEIGHBORHOOD collaborated with streetwear brand Subware and dropped its own tasteful Clarks' Wallabee shoe.
If you're a loyalist to the NEIGHBORHOOD x Dr Martens partnership, though, you're in luck. The collaborative Smiths and hairy loafers are now available at Dr. Martens and NEIGHBORHOOD.
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.