True vintage has been having a moment on the red carpet this year, and Pamela Anderson is the next to make the considered, sustainable choice look chic.
With awards season in full swing, stars have been reaching for fresh off the runway looks, custom gowns, and archival gems: see Anya Taylor-Joy in the hottest Chloé pantaloons, Elle Fanning’s Prada moments, and Olivia Rodrigo in archive Mugler. Yet Anderson, as seen at the Golden Globes first-time nominee celebration luncheon in Beverly Hills, delved a little deeper, selecting a true vintage piece from The Kit Vintage in Los Angeles. The actor wore a cream, silk a-line dress from the 60s, its buttoned up, rounded collar a demure giveaway of its era. She paired it with black tights and black pointed heels, in keeping with the feminine mod style.
Once again, she went make-up free, wearing her hair in a side parted chignon and a burgundy shade on her nails.
Last month, it was Angelina Jolie who decided no label was no problem for this season’s red carpet circuit. The Maria actor also picked up a gown from the same LA boutique for the 2024 Governors Awards: a gold halter neck dress with an empire waist that fell into a tiered lace off-white skirt. The store’s owner praised true vintage lover Jolie, who had shopped a number of times for special looks without a stylist. What’s been proven by both Jolie and Anderson’s selections is that, sans luxury label, one can find truly unique pieces that offer textures, colors, necklines, and silhouettes that sit outside the typical season’s dressing pattern.
“It fills our heart to continue seeing true vintage represented on the red carpet,” The Kit Vintage owner’s Robyn Goldberg wrote on Instagram.
It’s a deft move from Anderson’s last appearance on the red carpet last week: for a special SAG-AFTRA screening of her forthcoming film, she wore a camel cashmere dress by Bottega Veneta and a pair of the brand’s chocolate-brown Canalazzo pumps.
Anderson is up for her first Golden Globe for her part in Gia Coppola’s The Last Showgirl, playing Las Vegas dancer and singer Shelly. She was joined on the red carpet by Anora star Mikey Madison. Anderson and Madison recently appeared together for Variety’s Actors on Actors feature. Madison wore a long, draped dress with fluted sleeves in a similar soft color from JW Anderson Fall Winter 2024. The creamy color palette continued across other guests’ clothing choices—Wicked star Ariana Grande chose a champagne-hued satin dress. Grande and Anderson were photographed together, sharing a sweet moment talking.
Let’s hope we see more delightful digging to diversify the red carpet.
More from Vogue
See More Stories
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Vogue may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Fashion & Beauty