“I’ll blow out the candles, happy birthday to me.”
Olivia Rodrigo celebrated her 21st birthday by marking her final day of “hypothetically” consuming alcohol illegally.
“Today is my last day of being able to under age drink (hypothetically) !!!!” she joked in the caption of an Instagram post Monday.
The “Vampire” songstress, who turned the milestone age Tuesday, was joined by pals Iris Apatow, Conan Gray, Tate McRae and her rumored new beau, The Kid Laroi, in the accompanying photos.
The group celebrated with an at-home bash, complete with multiple purple funfetti cakes that read, “Happy Birthday Olivia.”
Rodrigo stunned in a black halter-neck dress featuring several cutouts and a plunging neckline.
She completed the look with a slick of red lipstick, diamond hoop earrings and matching silver rings as she pulled her raven tresses back into a glamorous up-do.
Fans were quick to jump into the comments section of the “High School Musical: The Musical: The Series” alum’s post, with several people referencing lyrics from her 2021 song “Brutal.”
“YOU DIDN’T DIE BEFORE YOU COULD DRINK YIPPEE,” one follower wrote, referring to the line, “I’m so insecure,  I think / That I’ll die before I drink.”
Another chimed in, “THE WAY SHE SANG ‘I’M SO SICK OF 17’ FEELS LIKE YESTERDAY AND NOW SHE’S 21!!!”
A third fan wrote, “wait you just had turned 19 when sour tour started and now you’ll be 21 for guts tour just seems crazy.”
Rodrigo’s big day comes a few weeks after she revealed she planned to pop some champagne to commemorate turning 21.
“It is a big birthday,” she told “Entertainment Tonight” at the Governors Awards last month.
For more Page Six you love…
“I think I’m gonna have a party with my friends and pop some champagne, you know? It’s the 21st.”
The “Bizaardvark” alum also touched on the milestone during a recent interview with Variety, in which she revealed she wants to make a “coming-of-age” movie.
“I love movies, I love telling stories. I really want to do a coming-of-age thing, maybe before I’m actually of age,” she said.
“Maybe I am of age already. I just love telling stories, whether that be in a song or movie. That’s just something that really excites me.”
Advertisement