IMPARTIAL NEWS + INTELLIGENT DEBATE

					The venue said it was 'satisfied' after a probe into an ventilation and air conditioning system issue found there was an 'isolated' fault					                
The Co-op Live arena in Manchester has announced it will open with a performance from Elbow after a string of delays have seen several previous events at the venue postponed.
The biggest indoor arena in the UK postponed its launch for the third time last week after its ventilation and air conditioning system fell to the ground from the ceiling during a soundcheck.
In a statement released today (10 May), the venue said it was “satisfied” after an inspection found the issue was an “isolated” fault.
It means a show by the rock, who hail from Manchester, will open the £365 million venue on 14 May 
The issues at the venue started after a test event in April, which led to Co-op Live announcing it would have to reschedule dates for comedian Peter Kay’s stand-up show.
Kay, who was due to be the first artist to perform at the venue, had his shows postponed twice because the venue still not ready to open.
The issues also led to the venue rescheduling a Black Keys gig.
A gif by US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie was lined up for 1 May – but it was called off more than an hour before his performance as fans queued outside, due to the ventilation system becoming detached.
The issue meant performances from US pop star Olivia Rodrigo and British band Keane were also shelved, and shows by Take That were moved to the AO Arena in Manchester.
On Friday, Keane announced their postponed gig has been rescheduled for 19 October, while new dates are yet to be announced for Rodrigo.
At the time, Co-op Live said an inspection would need to take place to ensure it was a one-time default.
“Following the incident in the bowl on May 1 2024, an inspection and verification report was undertaken by SES subcontractors,” a Co-op Live statement said on Friday.
“In consultation with Manchester City Council, responsible authorities, and wider stakeholders, we are satisfied with the process and outcome of the investigation identifying the HVAC nozzle as an isolated manufacturing default.
“This is a standard process of review in any venue when such an incident occurs.
“We now look forward to welcoming fans to Elbow’s opening performance on May 14 2024.”
The arena said it was “really disappointed to have delayed our introduction and frustrated so many in the process”, but was offering ticketholders “a free drink and a free food item of their choice when they visit us for the show”.
“Whilst we know this won’t erase the inconvenience and upset caused by the original postponements, we hope it will help everyone have the best possible time on the night,” the statement said.
The arena’s general manager, Gary Roden, announced his resignation last month following the slew of issues that led to the delays in the venue opening.
A Co-op Group spokesperson previously said: “Co-op is a sponsor and does not own or run the venue, and we have made it clear to Oak View Group, who are responsible for the building, that the impact on ticketholders must be addressed as a priority.
“We are pleased that they will shortly be putting plans in place to do so.”
Additional reporting by Press Association.
Impartial news + intelligent debate
All rights reserved. © 2025 Associated Newspapers Limited.