By 

	Katcy Stephan


WME has promoted Francesca Blackburn and Alex Rowley Egarian to partner in the brand partnerships department, Variety has learned exclusively.

	London-based Blackburn joined WME as an assistant in 2007 and was promoted to agent in 2018. Blackburn initially worked in the music department before joining the brand partnerships team when the group expanded to London.

	Blackburn has represented clients across music, TV and film, including Barry Keoghan, Griff, James Norton, Marisa Abela, Callum Turner and Peggy Gou, and she has worked with brands across verticals from fashion to finance.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Soundstage Expansion Now Feeling Crunch of Production Contraction		
			














	
		
					'9-1-1: Nashville' Casts 'Grey's Anatomy' Alum Jessica Capshaw		
			








	Egarian started at WME as an assistant in the Beverly Hills office in 2012 and was promoted to agent in brand partnerships in 2015. Throughout her career, Egarian has had a strong focus on luxury brand partnerships, aligning clients with top tier fashion houses for jewelry, fashion and beauty partnerships.




			Popular on Variety		






	She has represented clients including Austin Butler, Jason Momoa, Rami Malek and Cailee Spaeny, and created partnerships for brands including Cartier, Prada, Saint Laurent and Bulgari.

	The brand partnerships department, led by Will Ward, has been responsible for connecting top talent with global brands. Such partnerships include Olivia Rodrigo with American Express, Elton John with Doritos, John Legend with Etsy, Luke Combs with T-Mobile, Steve Aoki with Takis, Snoop Dogg with Petco and Coco Jones with SKIMS.

	WME, named one of Fast Company’s most innovative companies, represents a variety of creatives across the entertainment industry. Most recently this year, the agency signed Emmy-winning “Crazy Ex-Girlfriend” actor and co-creator Rachel Bloom, along with sports journalist, host and producer Jemele Hill for representation in all areas. 
The Business of Entertainment