ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 12: Olivia Rodrigo attends the 2021 MTV Video Music Awards at ... More Barclays Center on September 12, 2021 in the Brooklyn borough of New York City. Olivia Rodrigo's debut album Sour returns to one Billboard chart as sales of the title increase by more than 20%, and it climbs on two other lists as well. (Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images for MTV/ViacomCBS)
It’s hard to believe that Olivia Rodrigo has only released two albums, based on how hugely successful she has become in a relatively short span of time. The singer-songwriter has only been focusing on her music career for a few years, and everything she’s released has dominated the charts, with fans keeping her collections ever-present since they arrived.
Rodrigo’s first album, Sour, is climbing the Billboard charts this week. The set is on the rise on two tallies, and it simultaneously returns to another list as interest in the project increases.
Sour reappears on one list at present: the Top Album Sales chart. On Billboard’s ranking of the bestselling full-lengths and EPs in the country, regardless of genre or format, Rodrigo pushes her debut effort to No. 48. That’s fairly low on the 50-spot tally, but it’s not every years-old collection that can find its way back.
In the past tracking week, Sour sold a little less than 2,300 copies. Luminate reports that this sum increased by 22% from one frame to the next, and it’s that gain that helps it reappear on the purchase-focused ranking.
Sour is close to breaking back into the top 40 on the two other charts it appears on this week. Rodrigo’s debut studio effort is up to No. 44 on the Top Streaming Albums list, where it climbs from No. 47.
The same project also ascends a few spaces on the Billboard 200. Sour jumps from No. 44 to No. 41 on the list of the most-consumed albums in the country, nearly entering the top 40 tier once again.
As Sour gains on all three of the charts it carves out space on, Rodrigo’s sophomore set Guts doesn’t manage the same feat. The more recent full-length from the Grammy winner does appear higher on all of the three aforementioned tallies, but it’s on the downswing on at least two of them.