By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:09, 2 August 2024   |  Updated:  18:18, 2 August 2024   
 40
View  comments
Mariah Carey is hitting the road this holiday season to spread holiday cheer.
All I Want For Christmas Is You turns 30 in 2024 and the songbird will hit 20 cities from early November to mid-December to celebrate that milestone with her fans.
The 55-year-old, five-time Grammy winner shared the news and tour dates on Instagram by sharing a photo of herself in a shimmering, glamorous red dress surrounded by Christmas trees.
'It’s not time yet, but I have exciting news‼️ Mariah Carey’s Christmas Time, my biggest holiday tour to date, is coming to 20 cities starting November 6, 2024!, her post began.
'Tickets go on sale next Friday, Aug 9!,' she concluded, adding a Christmas tree and microphone emoji.
Mariah Carey is hitting the road this holiday season to spread holiday cheer
All I Want For Christmas is You turns 30 in 2024 and the songbird will hit 20 cities from early November to mid-December to celebrate that milestone with her fans
The tour starts on November 6 in Highland, California and wraps on December 17th in Brooklyn. 
When her album Merry Christmas, which contains her biggest hit, was released in 1994 it was a massive hit, going on to sell 15 million copies. 
All I Want For Christmas is You is the most popular holiday song in the world. 
The song, which reportedly only took 15 minutes to write and compose, generates an estimated $600,000 per year in royalties for Mariah. 
With global sales of over 16 million, the song is Carey's biggest international success, and the best-selling Christmas single by a female artist overall.
Earlier this week, Mariah took her kids Monroe and Moroccan, 13, – who she shares with ex-husband Nick Cannon– to see Olivia Rodrigo, 21, on her GUTS World Tour.
All three have admitted to being huge fans of the Vampire singer and they were over the moon at the opportunity to meet her. 
The Fantasy singer shared snaps from the evening on Instagram and captioned the post, 'We are OBSESSED with @oliviarodrigo,' followed by a fire and red heart emoji.
The 55-year-old, five-time Grammy winner shared the news and tour dates on Instagram
'It’s not time yet, but I have exciting news‼️ Mariah Carey’s Christmas Time, my biggest holiday tour to date, is coming to 20 cities starting November 6, 2024!, her post began
'Tickets go on sale next Friday, Aug 9!,' she concluded, adding a Christmas tree and microphone emoji.
Earlier this week, Mariah took her kids Monroe and Moroccan, 13, to see Olivia Rodrigo, 21, on her GUTS World Tour
The Obsessed songstress later jumped to her Instagram Stories to give her 13.4 million followers a closer glimpse of her night.
Mariah could be seen striking a quick pose inside a hallway as her oversized shirt glittered under the bright lights.
Olivia previously hinted that she was a fan of Mariah during an interview with Wired last year when she answered most searched questions about herself on Google.
At one point, the beauty was asked if she is a 'good singer,' to which she replied with, 'I hope so! God, I'm no Mariah Carey or anything, but I'd like to hope that I convey some emotion in my voice and that's what counts.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group