By Bruce Haring 

	Old school met grade school on Saturday at the Coachella Music & Arts Festival in Indio, California.

No Doubt made its first headlining appearance since 2015 at the festival, joined by Olivia Rodrigo, who was 10-years-old when the band last performed. 

	Rodrigo joined Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, and Adrian Young on stage during the band’s 2000 hit, Bathwater, released nearly three years before Rodrigo was born.  

	The No Doubt set included Sunday Morning, Don’t Speak and Spiderwebs, among  others. Old video footage of the band’s heyday played on the video screens throughout the set. 

	










	Stefani had a bit of gender-bending fun with the crowd, asking the boys to sing the hook to I’m Just a Girl  in a call-and-response moment, 




			Watch on Deadline		






	No Doubt will headline Coachella again during the festival’s second weekend.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.