314 Day deals and events to enjoy in the St. Louis area – LINK
8 National Potato Chip Day deals for savings on your cravings – LINK
Rats are eating drugs in New Orleans police evidence room, officials say – LINK
Chiropractor shows how folks under 35 are turning into ‘old, hunched-backed people’ – LINK
Surprise risk factors for ALS include golfing and gardening — here’s why: study – LINK
Five Signs You Have “Celebrity Worship Syndrome” – LINK
MUSIC
Olivia Rodrigo was in town on Tuesday and local social media exploded after a photo claimed that free birth control pills were being handed out at the concert.  KSDK reports, “The claims were verified by the pill’s maker, Julie, confirmed the pills were handed out during the singer’s GUTS world tour through her foundation, Fund 4 Good, which supports community non-profit efforts that “champion girls’ education, support reproductive rights and prevent gender-based violence”- LINK
Neil Young is returning his music to Spotify, explaining on his website: “Apple and Amazon have started serving the same disinformation podcast features I had opposed at Spotify. I cannot just leave Apple and Amazon, like I did Spotify, because my music would have very little streaming outlet to music lovers at all, so I have returned to Spotify, in sincere hopes that Spotify sound quality will improve and people will be able to hear and feel all the music as we made it.” Young and others pulled their music from the streaming service in January 2022 citing Covid vaccine misinformation being spread by Joe Rogan‘s podcast. Rogan had a deal to have his podcast exclusively on Spotify, but earlier this year started a new deal that allowed the podcast to be on multiple services – LINK
The four members of Papa Roach have each revealed their favorite song by the band. In an Instagram post, their choices are accompanied by video showing the member and a snippet of the video for the song he chose. And the winners are:
Avenged Sevenfold have posted a video that takes fans inside the filming of their virtual reality concert.
The Black Keys say they wanted This Is a Film About The Black Keys to tell the full story about the band, even if it showed off the low points in their relationship. Patrick Carney tells Variety, “To be able to have a true document that shows all the work and things that went into that was interesting, so you have to tell the actual story.” Dan Auerbach adds “The reality is that Pat and I have been together longer than most bands, and we’ve also been together longer than most marriages. There’s probably no one I can talk to in a real way more than Pat. That’s just how it is.” This Is a Film About The Black Keys is screening at South by Southwest this week, but how it’s going to be released hasn’t been announced yet – LINK
TV
SNL has announced a new set of hosts! Kristen Wiig is returning to her old stomping ground on April 6 with Raye as the musical guest. 
Next up, Ryan Gosling will host for the third time on April 13th, joined by musical guest Chris Stapleton.
Don Lemon and Twitter were set to have a partnership and new show, with Lemon having X owner Elon Musk as his first interview. Apparently, things didn’t go well. Lemon announced the deal had been canceled prior to the interview airing on March 18th. Lemon posted the following on Wednesday, “We had a good conversation. Clearly, he felt differently. His commitment to a global town square where all questions can be asked, and all ideas can be shared seems not to include questions of him from people like me” – LINK
MOVIES
A new poll came out by Tubi, which shows that 74% of Millennials and Gen Z want ORIGINAL content, not rehashed versions of existing stuff. And 71% of those people would like to see it produced by, quote, “independent and small-time creators,” so they can feel like they’re directly supporting the artists when they watch it. At the same time, though, 96% of streaming audiences surveyed say they want NOSTALGIC content . . . you know, like “The Office” or “Friends”. . . that they can binge repeatedly – LINK 
Here’s the first teaser for the remake of “The Crow”.
Catherine O’Hara says the “Beetlejuice” sequel will bring back Harry Belafonte’s song “Day-O”. https://ew.com/beetlejuice-sequel-day-o-song-returns-catherine-ohara-8608515
Christie Brinkley, 70, revealed she was diagnosed with skin cancer and recently underwent surgery. “The good news for me is we caught the basal cell Carcinoma early,” she shared on Instagram Wednesday sharing some graphic photos. She went on to encourage her followers to protect their skin and get checked for cancer – LINK
Olivia Munn shared that she had been diagnosed with breast cancer. She posted a series of photos on Instagram from when she was undergoing treatment and shared her story. She took a genetic test that checked her out for 90 different cancers, and she actually tested negative for all, including the BRCA gene, then two months later was diagnosed with breast cancer.  “In the past ten months I have had four surgeries, so many days spent in bed I can’t even count and have learned more about cancer, cancer treatment and hormones than I ever could have imagined.” Munn said that 30 days after her biopsy, she had a double mastectomy – LINK
MISC
On Wednesday, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed a bill that could ban TikTok in the United States. The vote was 352-65 in favor of the bill that would force TikTok to shut down in the U.S. unless the China-based doesn’t sell – LINK
 A Goodwill store in Pennsylvania just sold a rare 14-karat gold LEGO piece for $18,101. The piece – a small golden Kanohi Hau mask from the Bionicle collection – arrived at the Goodwill in Du Bois, Pennsylvania, inside a bag of jewelry. When Goodwill made the piece available on an online auction, the price skyrocketed as collectors figured out what it was. Only 30 of the pieces were created for a giveaway in 2001, which is why collectors jumped at the chance to get their hands on it – LINK
TV TONIGHT
Thursday, March 14th
TOP TALK SHOW GUESTS:
DON’T MISS TV:
WHAT TO STREAM:
All listings are subject to change. 
Need help accessing the FCC Public File due to a disability? Please contact Melissa Johnson at publicfilestlouis@hubbardradio.com
This web site is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

YouTube Terms of Service |
        Google Privacy Policy |
        Google Terms of Service 

© 2025 Hubbard Radio St. Louis, LLC