Profile
Sections
Local
tv
Featured
More From NBC
Follow NBC News
 news Alerts
There are no new alerts at this time
Billy Joel is movin' out. 
Of Madison Square Garden, at least, after his 150th show at the iconic New York City venue on Thursday night. 
The conclusion of Joel's residency came nearly 50 years after his first show at the Garden and more than 10 years after it started, MSG said in a statement. 
His first show there was Dec. 14, 1978.
Joel became the first music franchise at MSG when he was named in December 2013, joining the venue's other storied franchises, the New York Knicks and the New York Rangers, MSG said. 
He kicked off his decade-long residency the next month, agreeing to play one show a month for "as long as the demand continues," Joel said at the time, per MSG. 
Joel followed through with that promise and broke his own record of "most consecutive performances by any artist" with his 13th show at MSG, the venue said, in January 2015. The moment became cemented in Garden history with a banner in the venue's rafters. 
He broke another record — "most lifetime performances by any artist" — that July after his 65th lifetime performance, MSG said. Another banner was raised above MSG in his honor. 
Both banners, celebrating his records for consecutive performances by an artist (104) and lifetime performances (150), were raised Thursday night, the venue said. 
It's a feat that Joel hasn't accomplished completely alone. Over the course of his MSG tenure, he has been joined on stage by a multitude of surprise guests, including Bruce Springsteen, Sting, Tony Bennett, Paul Simon, Olivia Rodrigo, Bon Jovi, John Mayer, Miley Cyrus, John Fogerty, Patti Smyth, John Mellencamp, Alexa Ray Joel, Peter Frampton, Trey Anastasio, Jimmy Fallon, Kevin Bacon, Howard Stern and Kevin James, among others. 
On his Instagram story Thursday, Joel posted a slideshow of photos featuring a number of these guests on stage with him throughout the years. 
The venue went all out for its king Thursday. It featured moments and memorabilia from Joel's franchise run in a new "Defining Moments" exhibit. 
The exhibit showed off Joel's harmonicas, a pair of his "signature" Ray-Ban sunglasses, set lists and photos from some of his most memorable shows. 
Fans who showed up for Joel's final concert at The Garden had the chance to pick up some "Scenes From an Italian Restaurant" themed concessions, and to visit a photo station where they could write messages to Joel. 
During his "legendary run," more than 1.9 million tickets have been sold to fans from all 50 U.S. states and more than 120 countries, MSG said. 
In addition to his solo concerts, Joel participated in two benefit concerts at MSG, including "12-12-12, The Concert For Sandy Relief," which raised money for victims of Hurricane Sandy, and "The Concert for New York City," which help aid 9/11 victims and heroes.
Joel announced his final show at MSG in an Instagram post in November 2023. 
Rebecca Cohen is a breaking news reporter for NBC News Digital.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLC