Jordyn Jenkins signs contract with the Las Vegas Aces
Softball sweeps at last home game of the season
Softball picks up win in series opener
Harvard v Trump – White House cancels billions in university grants
Updated Brad Simpson Trial
There are many new and exciting things to look forward to this summer, ranging from music and movies to sports and video games. Most of these events and releases will be happening nationally, but a few are specific to the San Antonio area. 
“Inside Out 2” is the sequel to the popular Pixar movie “Inside Out,” which features 11-year-old Riley, who just moved to a new city and is trying to juggle the stress of a new school, new friends and her emotions. According to IMDB, “Inside Out 2” takes place two years after the first movie, when Riley turns 13, and her inner emotions, known as ‘Headquarters,’ “undergo a sudden demolition to make room for new emotions, something Joy, Sadness, Anger, Fear and Disgust weren’t prepared for.” This widely anticipated movie will be released on June 14.
The newest film by Yorgos Lanthimos hits cinema screens this summer and will feature Emma Stone, Margaret Qualley, Willem Dafoe and Jesse Plemons. The story follows a man trying to take control of his life, a policeman whose wife went missing at sea and seems to have returned as a different person and a woman who is seeking someone with a special ability. This dramedy will be released in theaters on June 21.
“It Ends With Us” is based on the renowned book by Colleen Hoover. The story begins with the protagonist, Lily, coming back from her father’s funeral, trying to get some peace and collect her thoughts, when a man named Ryle comes crashing through the door and starts throwing chairs. After he calms down, Lily and Ryle have an eye-opening conversation and Lily finds him entrancing. But are his strength and anger attractive or dangerous? As the story progresses, so does their relationship. However, things become even more complicated when her first love, Atlas, returns to her life again. Who will Lily choose? Watch this summer on June 21, to find out. 
The film stars Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Woody Harrelson and Jim Rash. The plot is loosely based on the true events occurring during the Apollo 11 moon launch in 1968. The movie focuses on marketing expert Kelly Jones, who was hired to improve NASA’s image during the mission and was directed to stage a fake moon landing in case Apollo 11 did not go as planned. This star-studded movie will be released on July 12.
The FX show “The Bear” follows a talented young chef named Carmen (Carmy) Berzatto. After his brother’s death, Carmy is forced to leave his prestigious career in fine dining to run his brother’s sandwich shop in Chicago. “The Bear” has risen in popularity since its original release date, and its third season will air in June 2024, exclusively on Hulu.
“Clipped” is a limited-time series that will go behind the scenes of the downfall of Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling’s “racist remarks that were captured on tape and heard around the world,” IMDB explained. “Clipped” will capture the “collision between a dysfunctional basketball organization and an even less functional marriage, and the tape’s impact on an ensemble of characters striving to win against the backdrop of the most cursed team in the league.” This honest and controversial series will be streaming on Hulu on June 4.
According to IMDB, “Those About to Die” is an upcoming series premiere that explores a never-told-before side of Rome, “the dirty business of entertaining the masses, giving the mob what they want most — blood and sport.” “Those About to Die” will be released on July 18 on Peacock.
Upcoming albums being released this summer that you should look out for are, “Timeless” by Meghan Trainor, “Good Together” by Lake Street Dive, “X’s” by Cigarettes After Sex, “Brat” by Charli XCX, “I Love You So F***ing Much” by Glass Animals and many more.
This summer, there will be many tours arriving near the San Antonio area. These concerts include, but are not limited to, Taylor Swift’s “Eras Tour,” Olivia Rodrigo’s “GUTS Tour,” Noah Kahan’s “We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour,” Pink’s “Summer Carnival Tour,” Hozier’s “Unreal Unearth Tour,” Melanie Martinez’s “The Trilogy Tour,” Tate McRae’s “Think Later Tour,” Alanis Morissete’s “The Triple Moon Tour,” the Billy Joel Tour, Zach Bryan’s “Quitting Time Tour,” Tyler Childers’ “Mule Pull Tour” and Chris Stapelton’s “All American Road Show Tour.”
The 2024 Summer Olympics will be held in Paris from July 26 to Aug. 11. The Olympics are an international multi-sport competition held every four years. 
The San Antonio Missions Minor League Baseball team is a great way to spend your evening, watching the sun go down as baseballs fly high. The season opener was on April 9 and will conclude on Sept. 15. The Missions are the Double-A affiliate to the San Diego Padres and are named after the Spanish missions located around the city of San Antonio.
According to the UFL, the San Antonio Brahmas “are a professional American football team based in San Antonio, Texas. The Brahmas compete in the United Football League as a member of the XFL Conference.” This is a great way to watch football during the NFL’s off-season. It is also great for those obsessed with football or with Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, who the team is owned and operated by. Their home games are hosted at the Alamodome. The UFL season started on March 30 and the regular season ends on June 2, while the playoffs begin on June 8 and finish on June 16.
The biggest video games of the summer
There are a plethora of video games being released this summer that will appeal to a variety of gamers. This list includes “Destiny 2” being released on June 4, “Monster Hunter Stories 2: Wings of Ruin” on June 14, “Final Fantasy 14 Online: Dawntrail” on July 2, “Enotria: The Last Song” on August 21, “Star Wars Outlaws” on August 30 and more.
This summer will be one for the books, with fun and thrilling affairs around every corner. Let us know in the comments which event is happening this summer that you are most excited about.
Independent Student Newspaper for the University of Texas at San Antonio
 Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email *