By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  16:50, 16 September 2024   |  Updated:  16:55, 16 September 2024   
 6
View  comments
Lily Allen looked effortlessly stylish as she headed out on a shopping spree in New York City on Monday. 
The Smile hitmaker, 39, flaunted her washboard abs in a navy halter neck top which she paired with some low rise denim jeans. 
Adding a flavour of designer fashion the singer turned actress slipped into the not yet released New Balance x Miu Miu leather trainers. 
Straight from the runway the shoes cost £820 and Lily made sure to pair them with a matching brown leather Miu Miu handbag, estimated at £2,000.
Lily, who is currently rocking red hair and a fringe, threw a pale blue and white striped jacket over her shoulder as she carried a huge shopping bag. 
Lily Allen flashed her washboard abs in stylish navy halter neck and £3000 of Miu Miu accessories as she enjoyed a New York shopping spree on Monday 
The Smile hitmaker, 39, flaunted her toned mid driff as she paired the top with some low rise denim jeans
It's not the first time Lily has showed her love for the designer brand after she previously dressed head to toe in Miu Miu for her surprise performance with Olivia Rodrigo at the London O2 back in May. 
Lily looked sensational as she flashed her abs in a white tank top and black Miu Miu mini skirt. 
Her most recent outing comes after the star revealed how she once begged former billionaire Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich if she could stay with him, after she booked a hotel on the wrong island and was faced with sleeping on a beach.
Lily had gone to see Prince play in a small bar on the Caribbean island of St. Barts the new year before he died - where other guests included Justin and Hailey Bieber, and Wendi Deng.
The star was on holiday with her ex-boyfriend DJ Daniel Lawrence when Roman provided his private luxury residence to them back in 2016.
She said: 'Me and Dan were on holiday in St. Kitts and a friend of mine was in St. Barts and I didn't really understand how far away it actually was.
'You know when you're in the Caribbean you like look at the map and you think, "How far away is that?"
'So my friend Derek was like "Hey, come and see Prince play tonight". And I was like "Ok".
Straight from the runway the shoes cost £820 and Lily made sure to pair them with a matching brown leather Miu Miu handbag, estimated at £2,000
Lily, who is currently rocking red hair and a fringe, threw a pale blue and white striped jacket over her shoulder as she carried a huge shopping bag
It's not the first time Lily has showed her love for the designer brand after she previously dressed head to toe in Miu Miu for her surprise performance with Olivia Rodrigo at the London O2 back in May 
'So we flew to St Martin from St Kitts, a like 20 minute flight, and then we got like a motor boat at night which actually took like two hours, and the waves were massive, and it was like obviously a mistake.
'Anyway we got there and then went to see Prince and that was great.
'And then I'd booked a hotel on Booking.com or something, one of those websites, and Prince finished and we were walking away from the gig and I was like trying to find the hotel reservation.
Lily then explained she was at Roman's party when she discovered she had nowhere to stay.  
'I was walking along and one of his security guards was next to me and I was like trying to find my hotel reservation and I went "Do you know where this hotel is?" And he was like "Yeah, it's not on this island, it's somewhere else".
'And I was like "What!" And as we were like walking with this group of like 300 people that had all been to this party, I was like "Oh my God, we don't have anywhere to sleep, we're literally going to have to go and sleep on the beach."
'I don't know Roman Abramovich, but I was just like "I'm just going to go and ask him if we can stay"
Her most recent outing comes after the star revealed how she once begged former billionaire Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich if she could stay with him, after she booked a hotel on the wrong island and was faced with sleeping on a beach 
Lily explained she was at Roman's party (pictured) when she discovered she had nowhere to stay
'So I just walked up to him and was like "Look, hi, you don't really know me, but I've booked a hotel room on Booking.com and it turns out that this hotel is not even on this island, so a bit of a mishap on my part, but do you have somewhere for me to sleep?"
'He was like, "Yeah, sure, of course, don't worry about it - I've got you".
'And his security guard just bundled me and Dan into one of their little cars and drove us to this house in the hills in the middle of nowhere and was like, "what would you like for breakfast, let us know and we'll bring it to your room".
'I woke up the next morning, because we'd got there so late it was obviously all dark I had no idea where I was and I woke up in this strange room and it was obviously Roman Abramovich's private St. Barts residence and it was absolutely stunning.
'There was no other home or anything to be seen and it was just like views for days.'
Asked by her friend Miquita Oliver on their Miss Me? podcast if she ever spoke to Abramovich again, Allen said: 'No, never spoke to him again. I think I might have sent a thank you note.
'He did a very nice thing for me and I'm very grateful for his kindness and generosity in that moment but I don't know if I'd want an ongoing relationship.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group