Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The Co-op Live's naming rights holder says it is 'shocked' by an incident that led to the arena's first full show being cancelled.
The Co-op Group has vowed to demand a 'full explanation' after part of an air conditioning unit fell from the gantry inside the venue prior to the start of the gig this evening. A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's show at the troubled arena was cancelled at the last minute as hundreds of people queued outside.
Ticket holders were told to 'leave the arena' after bosses announced the concert would not be going ahead due to a 'technical issue'. The decision came just ten minutes before the opening support act was due on stage.
READ MORE:A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie issues fiery statement as Co-op Live gig is cancelled
A spokesperson for the venue confirmed that the decision to cancel the concert was made after an item - believed to be part of an air conditioning unit - fell from a gantry inside the arena during soundcheck. Nobody was hurt.
Arena bosses have since announced that Olivia Rodrigo's two shows at the arena, which were due to take place on Friday and Saturday, would also be postponed.
The latest embarrassment comes after weeks of turmoil at the £365m Eastlands venue, which saw capacity at a test gig slashed and several shows rescheduled amid emergency services concerns over the safety of the venue.
In a statement issued this evening, the Co-op Group said it shared 'the disappointment and frustration of ticket holders' over the 'continuing delay to the opening of Co-op Live'.
A Co-op Group spokesperson said: “As the naming rights sponsor for Co-op Live, we are shocked at the incident which has led to late cancellation of tonight’s show at the arena. We are relieved that no-one has been injured, but we share the disappointment and frustration of ticket holders, many of whom are Co-op members, with the continuing delay to the opening of Co-op Live and the disruption that this is causing to everyone who has been looking forward to attending events.
“We will be seeking a full explanation from Oak View Group (OVG), who are responsible for the building, to the obvious questions arising from this, together with a clear plan from the Co-op Live venue management team at OVG for opening the venue and postponed and future events.
“Safety is of course the number one priority and it is critical that Co-op members and other ticket holders can enjoy events in a venue with the very highest levels of security and safety measures in place. We are very grateful for Manchester City Council’s and the emergency services’ continued engagement with OVG to ensure that Co-op Live opens as soon as possible.”