The arena previously cancelled its opening shows, featuring comedian Peter Kay 
Manchester's Co-op Live arena has confirmed its opening will go ahead this week following a host of delays and cancellations. 
The £365m venue had postponed its opening twice, resulting in the rescheduling of comedian Peter Kay's opening shows and the resignation of the venue's manager Gary Roden. 
The UK's biggest indoor arena said it would now open on 1 May with a show from American rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, adding: "Let's do this."
Pop singer Olivia Rodrigo's shows will also go ahead on 3 and 4 May, it said, followed by Keane on 5 May. 
Co-op Live confirmed on X, formerly Twitter, that this week's shows would go ahead as planned. 
It said ticketholders should "expect an email with everything they need to know about this week’s events to arrive by Tuesday". 
Following the earlier cancellation of Kay's shows, the venue had said it needed more time to test emergency communications systems. 
His shows will now happen next month, as will a gig by US rock band The Black Keys that had been scheduled for 27 April originally.
Allow X content?
This article contains content provided by X. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read X’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.
Kay had revealed the rescheduling decision to his fans by saying: "My apologies once again but unfortunately the Co-op Live still isn't ready and so, as yet, remains untested for a large-scale audience. 
"Consequently, they are having to reschedule my two shows yet again (I know I can't believe it either)."
He added: "It's very disappointing but your safety is very important, and I won't compromise that."
He is now due to appear on 23 and 24 May, with The Black Keys rescheduled to 15 May.
The arena will have a maximum capacity of 23,500. It has been built by City Football Group, owned by billionaire UAE royal and deputy prime minister Sheikh Mansour, along with Oakview Music Group, which was co-founded by US music mogul Irving Azoff.
Harry Styles is among the investors in the venue, which is next to Manchester City's Etihad Stadium.
Listen to the best of BBC Radio Manchester on Sounds and follow BBC Manchester on Facebook, external, X, external, and Instagram, external? You can also send story ideas to northwest.newsonline@bbc.co.uk, external
Co-op Live: How UK’s biggest indoor arena became butt of jokes
UK's largest indoor arena opens with big plans
Co-op Live boss resigns after shows postponed
Police cordon off house as counter terror officers raid property in Rochdale
Four people injured including child after two serious collisions as man arrested
Community in shock as man arrested after 3 adults and child hit by car
Fire crews tackle blaze at popular Bolton beauty spot Winter Hill
5 wellness hotels across the UK you need to visit for a relaxing getaway
'Sneaking thief' hid items in rugs to steal from Ikea in Warrington
PM Albanese hails 'vote for Australian values' after landslide election win
'Trump was the game-changer': Three things to know about the Australian election result
Fourteen children arrested over boy's fire death
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.