Sep 18, 2024
Just walking down the halls or sitting in the band room talking to his friends is something Drake Wertz enjoys doing.
Being around his peers and staying busy are what has made Wertz’s high school days enjoyable.
The Fort Dodge Senior High School senior takes part in many activities and enjoys every one of them.
“It keeps me busy (being involved) and out of the house,” Wertz said. “Also I just love putting myself out there.”
While being a Dodger, Wertz has been involved in band, choir, Green Team, Performers Club, Dodger Senate, the musical and fall play.
In his final year as a Dodger, Wertz was named one of four drum majors for the All-American Fort Dodge Marching Band.
“I love being able to help out other people and I enjoy leading a group of people,” Wertz said. “Our band is doing amazing. Something I like about being a drum major is being the person that band members can come to when they need help.”
He plays clarinet and bass clarinet.
Wertz also spends time on the stage.
“I really enjoy being in plays,” said Wertz. “I’m able to express myself and I get to hang out with all of my friends.”
Music is also a chance for students to learn more.
“I love being able to sing with a group of people,” Wertz said. “It’s great to be able to make a beautiful sound and learn more fun music.”
As the days dwindle down in high school, there is plenty of time to make lasting memories.
“I’m looking forward to being with my friends every single day and performing at FDSH,” Wertz said. “I want to spend my last year hanging out with my friends and I’m looking forward to the next play and musical.”
Wertz, who will attend Iowa State University in Ames for engineering, has been greatly influenced by his mother.
“My biggest influence would have to be my mom,” Wertz said. “She pushes me to be the best version of myself.”
Vacation destination: Paris.
People I would like to have dinner with: Taylor Swift, Harry Styles, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo.
It would surprise people that I: collect vinyl records.
Performer that inspires me: Nick Cartell.
My everyday role model: Aaron Amhof.
I can’t go a day without: TikTok.
Where do I see myself in 10 years?
working in engineering.
Dream piece: SpongeBob the musical.
A show you binge watch: Shameless.
What are you listening to right now? music from FDSH’s marching band show “Chicago”
Favorites…
Musical: Les Miserable.
Performance: The Eras Tour.
Music genre: Pop.
Song: “Mirrorball” by Taylor Swift.
Instrument: Clarinet.
Class: Spanish.
Movie: Inside Out
Book: Harry Potter.
Phone App.: TikTok.
A Fort Dodge man was charged Friday with making threats of terrorism, a class D felony. 

Daniel W. Paivarinta, ...
By KELLI BLOOMQUIST

Iowa Central Community College’s newly renovated Center for Performing Arts and Decker ...
The Stallings family of rural Webster County suffered a devastating loss on April 26 when a fire ignited in their ...
Main Street Fort Dodge is holding Mother’s Day Downtown starting at 10 a.m. today.

It will feature vendors, ...
Copyright © 2025 Ogden Newspapers of Iowa, LLC | https://www.messengernews.net | 713 Central Ave., Fort Dodge, IA 50501 | 515-573-2141