Whether they’re hitting the coffee shop or the court, plenty of stars serve look after look in lululemon. 
After all, the brand itself is just as big a household name as the celebrities that wear it, with popular products like the Everywhere Belt Bag ($38) becoming viral sensations in their own right. 
So with Labor Day weekend nearly here, we’ve scoured the hundreds of styles in the site’s “We Made Too Much” section to fuel your long weekend shopping sprees. 
Below, check out the top celeb favorites that are still in stock. (Plus, for more Labor Day shopping inspiration, don’t miss our guide to the best end-of-summer scores all across the internet.)
Taylor Swift stepped out in a version of these buttery soft leggings for a studio session in 2023, pairing them with New Balance sneakers and a cozy Ivy Park fleece.
Obsessed with Olivia Rodrigo’s style? The pop star sported these spandex shorts for a tennis game with Conan Gray earlier this summer. 
Plenty of stars are aligned when it comes to these leggings; Olivia Wilde, Rita Ora, Ana de Armas and Chrissy Teigen all own various versions. 
Even catwalkers sweat in style with lululemon; Gisele Bündchen wore the tank top version of this lightly supportive sports bra while walking her dog in 2023. 
Flared leggings are having a major moment — and this asymmetrical pair is the perfect way to dip a toe into the trend. 
Whether they’re going for a hot girl walk or a coffee run, stars like Lucy Hale, Addison Rae and Sofia Richie all reach for these shorts. 
Kate Middleton and Kim Kardashian have both zipped up this lightweight layer.
These double-knit gym pants style seamlessly from the gym to WFH. 
Whether you blame the “Challengers” press tour or the US Open, tenniscore and sporty skirts are practically everywhere this summer. 
Give your workout wardrobe a boost with staples like this cute cropped tee.
This article was written by Hannah Southwick, Commerce Writer/Reporter for Page Six Style. Hannah spies deals on actually affordable celebrity-worn styles, puts Hollywood’s favorite labels to the test and finds the beauty products that keep stars red carpet-ready. She consults stylists and industry pros — including celebs themselves — for firsthand product recommendations, trend predictions and more. In addition to writing for Page Six since 2020, her work has been featured in USA Today and Parade.