Jasmine Chamberlain and Demi Brown’s friendship is apparently over.
Appearing on the “Your Aunties Could Never” podcast, Jasmine revealed that the Love is Blind: UK stars were “no longer close.”
"Me and Demi not being so-called ‘friends’ anymore has been very recent. This happened, for me anyway, straight after [the] reunion," the 30-year-old said.
The drama stems from Brown and ex-fiancé Ollie Sutherland's love triangle with fellow pod squad member, Sharlotte Ritchie. After Brown rejected Sutherland at the altar, he admitted that he and Ritchie had recently been knocking boots.
READ MORE: ‘Summer House’ Star Hannah Berner Claims She Wasn’t Fired, Cast Was ‘Annoyed’ With Her
"I remember end of last winter, Ollie and Sharlotte were already talking and Demi was speaking to me. Demi [said] she had a recent friend in her personal life, who kind of betrayed her in a way for not telling her that she was dating Demi’s ex. Bearing in mind I was close with Sharlotte and Demi, your girl was put in the middle," Chamberlain recalled.
The reality TV star, who wed Bobby Johnson, explained that "out of respect for Demi," she asked Ritchie if she could fill her bestie in so she wouldn't be "blindsided" by the news.
"I did end up telling that to Demi … and [she] said, ‘It’s fine, I appreciate you telling me that,’ and she was good. She went to Tanzania just before the reunion and she came back [the day before] the reunion, … texting, ‘Love you, miss you, you’re coming across so well,'" she continued.
Chamberlain claimed that Brown told her that during the reunion she was ready to "speak [her] truth." However, the topic was never brought up.
"When that didn’t happen [it] threw me off-guard. [Demi] tried to speak to me two days after the reunion and I said, ‘Listen, I’m not ready to talk now. I’m kind of busy with work, got a lot going on [and] I’m still trying to process my feelings, as well,’ something along those lines," Chamberlain said.
Brown agreed to back off and let her work through her emotions.
"I still felt just that, like, disappointment. I just didn’t feel right, so I kind of kept my distance, but I did speak to Maria [Benkh] and she ended up telling Demi about what I said and that’s when Demi left the group chats … and then proceeded to take me off her Instagram and unfollowed me," she detailed.
Despite their contention, Chamberlain still "loves" her former bestie, and messaged her after the finale aired.
“I said, ‘Hope you’re good. I love you,’ and she said, something along the lines of, ‘All the best.' Like, basically [that] she wasn’t interested in having a friendship with me anymore. … I had realized that she was over it.”
Donny Meacham is the co-host of PopCrush Nights, a syndicated radio show heard on more than 100 pop radio stations nationwide. Listen to PopCrush Nights every weeknight starting at 7PM by downloading the PopCrush App. Or listen online 24/7, here! Donny has chatted with some of today's top stars, like Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, Coldplay's Chris Martin, Meghan Trainor, Charlie Puth, Benson Boone and more!
Gallery Credit: Donny Meacham