Olivia Rodrigo’s London concert kicked off to an unconventional start when she suffered a dramatic onstage outfit fail. 
The 21-year-old singer – who shot to fame after starring in High School Musical: The Musical series – is currently touring the world following the release of her hugely successful sophmore album, Guts. 
The Good 4 U hitmaker is performing in London across four nights at the O2 arena to a sold-out crowd of up to 20,000 people. Her first concert took place on Tuesday.
Surrounded by a sea of swarming fans, the popstar sang through her chart-topping discography with practiced perfection until she started her song Love is Embarassing. 
Dressed in a black leather two-piece with silver embellishments and fishnet tights, at one point in her choreography (supported by back-up dancers) she jumped up from the floor and her bra visibly popped open. 
The singer didn’t let the potentially dire outfit mishap deter her as she powered on through the song while shimmying toward her closest dancer for help with only a slight look of panic giving her away.
She managed to laugh about it in the moment as she sang the lyrics ’embarassing as hell’ while the dancer, still shimmying, quickly clipped her back up. A well-oiled machine.
The entire bra saga was captured by TikTok user @martareismatias who captioned the video: ‘A wardrobe malfunction during Love is Embarassing is the funniest thing ever’.
Fans agreed, with another user @nikita adding: ‘She handled it like a bloody pro and the fact that it happened during love is embarassing and she laughed it off is just brilliant.’
a wardrobe malfunction during love is embarrassing is the funniesy thing ever #oliviarodrigo #gutstour #gutsoliviarodrigo #gutsworldtour #gutslondon #oliviarodrigoguts #oliviarodrigolondon #loveisembarassing @Olivia Rodrigo @livies hq ❤️ 
There was a lot of love for the composed dancer as well, with @aaronhempel saying: ‘The dancer is awesome for trying to fix it while vibing.’
It’s not the first time the Drivers License singer has navigated a tricky situation live on stage during the Guts World Tour. 
While performing in Madison Square Garden in New York last month, she was slapped in the head by a full bouquet of flowers as she walked through the pit. 
Back in September, the music artist gave fans, and audience members like Selena Gomez, a scare when she appeared afraid of the firweworks popping off on stage while singing at the VMAs. 
Luckily it all turned to be part of the plan. 
Olivia is not the only celeb whose had to think quick after their onstage costume failed them while performing. 
In March, while headlining at the Lollapalooza Argentina festival, Unholy singer Sam Smith’s trousers split at the back while they were strutting their stuff on stage. 
‘I’ve split my trousers!’ they exclaimed to the crowd before giving them a cheeky (in more ways than one) bum wiggle.
Just last year mega star Taylor Swift – who is currently on her Eras Tour – had to seek help on stage when her garter broke and was helped by two backing singers. 
The song she was singing was also apt in the moment as she knowingly sang: ‘I should not be left to my own devices. I end up in crisis. Tale as old as time,’ from her hit song Anti-Hero.
Olivia Rodrigo will perform in London at the O2 arena on May 15, 18, and 19.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Cameron Diaz is officially Back in Action in new pictures from her first movie in 10 years
Arrow
MORE: Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga crew woke up every day ‘knowing they might kill someone’
Arrow
MORE: Iconic 90s film is officially returning for sequel – but fans are concerned