Co-op Live has announced A Boogie Wit da Hoodie as one of the first acts to perform during its opening season this Spring.
The £365 million venue, which will become the UK's largest live entertainment arena when complete, has revealed A Boogie Wit da Hoodie will be performing in May during its opening season.
The announcement follows recent news that legendary rockers Eagles will be playing their only UK farewell shows at the soon-to-be-opened Manchester venue. Other acts scheduled to perform during the venue’s opening season include Olivia Rodrigo, Nicki Minaj, Take That, Liam Gallagher and The Killers.
READ MORE: New plans unveiled to finally transform derelict Debenhams store that has sat empty since 2021
READ MORE: The best restaurants and bars revealed at the Manchester Food and Drink Festival Awards
A Boogie Wit da Hoodie is embarking on 39 shows as part of his huge 2024 Better Off Alone global tour and has announced he will be performing at Co-op Live on Wednesday, May 1.
The New York native who was named ‘The most promising young rapper the city has produced in some time’ by The New York Times, has four critically-acclaimed albums under his belt: Me Vs Myself, Hoodie Szn, The Bigger Artist and Artist 2.0.
His hit songs include (‘My Sh*t,’ ‘Drowning’ (feat. Kodak Black), ‘Swervin’ and ‘Look Back At It’. To celebrate the tour announcement A Boogie Wit da Hoodie is releasing a new single, ‘P&E’ featuring Mariah The Scientist, on Friday, February 9.
The rapper has also collaborated with the likes of Ed Sheeran, Maroon 5, Khalid,Chris Brown, DJ Khaled, Paulo Londra, Meek Mill and Pop Smoke.
As part of the tour Boogie Wit da Hoodie is performing in the Netherlands, Germany and Paris before heading to Manchester and London and wrapping up in Birmingham. The UK dates will feature special guests Friday and Byron Messia.
Better Off Alone EU/UK 2024 Tour Dates:
Tickets for the show will be available to Co-op Members first from 10am on Wednesday,January 31 via Co-op live with general sale from 10am on Friday, February 2 at ABoogieHBTL.com.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.