No matter how good your makeup is or how many fancy primers you try, the secret to flawless, airbrushed-looking skin starts with your skincare. Texture, bumps and breakouts can all leave our makeup having to work overtime, which is why we were beyond excited to discover this handy little serum that promises to banish them all at a very bargain price.
The Ordinary’s Niacinamide 10% + Zinc 1%,  £5 here, is so good that Olivia Rodrigo swears by it. The singer-songwriter praised the £5 serum in her Vogue  beauty routine video and even gave it a shout out when talking about her beauty routine with E!  here. 
The serum contains 10% niacinamide and 1% zinc, making it a high-strength vitamin and mineral formula that helps reduce the appearance of blemishes and acne, as well as breaking down congestion to help eliminate texture-causing congestion. The combination of ingredients also helps balance the visible appearance of sebum, such as excess oil and blocked pores, leaving your skin smoother and less prone to breakouts.
The water-based formula absorbs quickly into the skin whilst also helping to reinforce your skin’s barrier over time, leaving it brighter and more hydrated. It’s said to boost your barrier in as little as seven days, whilst eight weeks of using the serum can leave your skin visibly smoother and less textured.
Although The Ordinary is quick to point out this isn’t technically a treatment for acne, it can be used along any medically prescribed acne treatments to help boost results. Shoppers have also been raving about the effect its had on their acne and breakouts, with one saying: “Brilliant for acne-prone skin!”
Whilst another wrote: “As somebody who has always suffered with severe, painful, cystic acne, even into adulthood, this product is amazing!! I apply it before bed and wake up with smoother, less oily skin. Any spots I had the night before are greatly reduced and calmed. I have tried every product/face wash/antibiotic/cream going to combat my awful skin but this is the one thing that has significantly improved it!!
“My skin is smoother, with less blemishes I never ever write reviews but this has changed my skin!! People now comment on how much better my face looks, I have less pain and less horrible comments aimed at me! Only negative is that it can be quite drying so I use it a few nights per week, alternating with other Ordinary products. Try it you will be amazed!”
 Although designed to also boost your skin’s hydration levels, if you also find it to be quite drying we’ve found another affordable alternative that promises to be moisturising and gentle to your skin. The Inkey List’s Niacinamide Serum,  £7.99 here  (was £9.99), combines its niacinamide with hyaluronic acid, which helps trap moisture into your skin, leaving your skin feeling hydrated and healthy whilst still helping minimise texture and breakouts. 
If there’s one thing we love it’s a celebrity-backed skincare product that won’t break the bank – and it looks like we found it.