Because paying full price is sooo last season. 
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we love. Promise.
Look, I love a lil shopping spree as much as the next person, but dropping $300 on a maxi dress isn’t exactly within my budget. As someone who refuses to pay full price for anything (I even got my cat on sale!), I always wait for a seasonal sale to treat myself to new outfits—and TBH, those sale purchases become some of the most-worn items in my wardrobe. Reformation’s annual summer sale has discounts up to 70% off, which means you can save on some of the brand’s most popular pieces. That is, if they don’t sell out first! 
Not sure what to shop? I did some browsing and spotted sooo many deals on celeb-loved styles, including Taylor Swift’s leather loafers, Kendall Jenner’s go-to high-waisted jeans, Olivia Rodrigo’s off-the-shoulder dress, and Selena Gomez’s cashmere sweater for up to 70% off. You’ll wanna keep an eye out for markdowns on everything from fall fashion essentials to wedding guest dresses, and each piece is cuter than the next!
Reformation's sale prices won't drop lower than 70%, so if you've been holding out for the best deals possible, now is the time to make those last-minute purchases before they're gone for good. Below, check out the best pieces we’ll be shopping from Reformation’s 2024 summer sale.
Worn by none other than Ms. Taylor Swift herself while out and about with Travis Kelce, these two-toned loafers are basically guaranteed to become your go-to shoe for fall. The chunky sole is *so* on trend, and since it incorporates brown, black, and white, you can pair them with legit any outfit.
If you ask me, this dress is just dying to be styled with some sheer tights and boots this season. Its moody floral print and long, slightly puffy sleeves will make it a staple in your fall wardrobe.   
Straight-leg jeans are always in style, so it’s worth investing in a good pair. This Kendall Jenner–approved option has a classic slim leg that goes with basically everything plus a comfortable, high-waisted fit. Need I say more?
The key to making even the most basic outfits look fun and fresh? A pop of color, like this chartreuse shoulder bag. Its crescent shape is giving ’90s in the best way, and it even has interior pockets to stash your fave lipstick and credit cards for a night out.
Be the best-dressed guest at every holiday party with this gunmetal grey knit dress. We love how the metallic fabric shimmers from every angle, and it has a high-neck silhouette that's totally appropriate for Thanksgiving dinner with the fam.
TBH, I love that the preppy vibe is in style rn, and this dress’s lightweight linen fabric makes it ideal for transitioning your wardrobe from summer to fall—just add some chunky loafers and you’re good to go.
Whenever you feel like you have nothing to wear, you can always count on a classic black top and jeans combo to save the day. On sale for under $50, this soft and sultry velvet top will have you feeling sophisticated in seconds.
These cute and comfy shoes combine two of my personal fave trends: ballet flats and pops of red. Made from luxe 100 percent silk fabric, these balletcore flats add a touch of elegance to almost any outfit. 
This cozy cashmere set looks like a crewneck sweater with a cutout, but it has a secret: It’s actually a tube top and shrug combo that can be styled together or separately. How’s that for a two-for-one deal?
This oh-so-sweet cherry-printed mini will become one of the most-worn pieces in your wardrobe, trust. Dress it up with kitten heels for date night, keep it casual with sneakers for weekend brunch, or style it with knee-high boots and a leather jacket once fall rolls around.
With its off-the-shoulder detail, sweetheart neckline, and trendy drop waist, this linen mini is trés chic whether you’re heading to brunch or packing for a European vacay. And when it’s on sale for less than $200, it’s bound to sell out fast.  
This pleated mini skirt is about to become the most versatile piece in your fall wardrobe, trust me. Lean into its preppy vibe by pairing it with a button-up and some loafers or contrast it with a leather bomber for some edge.
Featuring an asymmetrical waist cutout and an on-trend chocolate brown hue, this linen number is just the right balance of sophisticated and sexy. And while it’s on sale for under $200, I’ll be adding this to my cart immediately, TYVM. 
Stock up on knitwear ahead of fall, like this cozy sweater worn by Selena Gomez. The slouchy, oversized fit looks so effortless, while the ridiculously soft, 100 percent cashmere fabric makes it totally worth the splurge (esp when on sale!).
Everyone from Karlie Kloss to Eva Mendes has been spotted in this floral midi skirt and TBH, I totally understand why. Its flowy silhouette is super breathable on summer’s hottest days, and when temps drop, you can pair it with a cozy sweater.
Who doesn’t love a matching set moment? You can wear this crochet tank and midi skirt together for a coordinated look or style each piece separately for practically ~endless~ outfit combinations. 
The peekaboo bust detail on this striking minidress takes it a step up from your average LBD. Adjustable shoulder straps and a smocked back give it a truly customizable, comfortable fit, and the lightweight fabric won’t feel constricting in the summer heat.
ICYMI, barrel jeans are a must this fall. Slouchy but still structured, this particular pair features a flattering ultra-high rise and a versatile medium wash. They’re a totally justifiable addition to your denim collection.
Even if you don’t have a fabulous destination wedding on the horizon, odds are there’ll be an invite hitting your mailbox well before Ref’s next summer sale. This printed maxi brings the *drama* with cutout details and a blingy chain halter neck—perfect for your next formal event.
Because I’m a sucker for a matching set, I had to include this chic two-piece. It’s made of a medium-weight sweater knit (how cozy!), so the ribbed shell tank and swingy skirt combo will make transitioning into your autumn wardrobe easy AF.
Lauren Gruber is an associate commerce editor at Hearst Magazines, where she writes for publications like Good Housekeeping, Cosmopolitan, Prevention, Country Living, House Beautiful, and more. She has over four years of professional experience covering a variety of lifestyle topics from home to fashion, with an advanced background in beauty and fragrance. When she’s not researching the most worthy Prime Day deals or hands-on testing all the latest perfume launches, Lauren is probably hanging out with her cat Serafina or flexing her AMC A-List membership at the movie theater. 
You can find her previous work at Entertainment Tonight, Shop TODAY, USA Today, Self Magazine, L’Officiel USA, V Magazine, and Modern Luxury Media. 
Ilia’s Limitless Mascara Finally Comes in Brown
Behold: The Duffel That Answered All My Prayers
Reviewed: A New Hair Brand Made for Lazy People
OMG Gap and Dôen Just Dropped Another Collab
15 Fruity Perfumes That Are Downright Delectable
Here Comes The ~Best-Smelling~ Bride
Work Backpacks That Don’t Scream ‘Corporate Drone'
I Have Wide Feet, These Are the Sneakers I Live in
Found: The Best Long-Wear Nail Polish for Summer
Wait—Meghan Markle’s Cutout Sneakers Are on Amazon
Travel Backpacks That Are Actually Cute Exist, FYI
Simply the Best Retinol Serums We've Ever Tested
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.