By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  21:35, 4 March 2024   |  Updated:  21:38, 4 March 2024   
 4
View  comments
Busy Philipps looked glamorous as she went about her busy day in New York City on Monday.
The stylish actress, 44, turned on the star power in a black halter-top jumpsuit with white trim and crystal encrusted squares.
The Mean Girls actress covered up in a  black wool cape and wore white pumps.
The actress accessorized with bright pink sunglasses that could not be missed and small hoop earrings.
Her shoulder length blonde hair was parted on the side and styled straight. 
Busy wore camera-ready makeup with bright pink lipstick as she prepared for a day of promotional appearances for season three of the musical comedy series Girls5eva. 
Busy Philipps, 44, looked glamorous as she went about her busy day in New York Monday promoting season three of the musical comedy series Girls5eva
The show ran for two seasons on Peacock before it was cancelled.
Netflix revived the series about members of a 1990s girl group who are going for stardom once again. 
'The show was too good to just disappear,' the actress said on CBS Mornings.
'Our show is really unique, and it has a fan base, and I think that also the exposure on Netflix will be really great because it'll be exposed to so many more people.'
Busy stars with Sara Bareilles, Renee Elise Goldsberry, and Paula Pell in the show produced by her comedy hero, Tina Fey. 
Ashley Park makes occasional appearances at the fifth member of the group who is believed to have died after swimming over the edge of an infinity swimming pool. 
'I don't know how I won this lottery, that I'm in her phone and she calls me and asks me to be in her movies and TV shows at this point, but I will always answer,' she admitted, and I will always 100-percent say, "yes."'
The Mean Girls actress , turned on the star power in a black halter-top jumpsuit with white trim and crystal encrusted squares and white pumps
The Mean Girls actress covered up in a black wool cape and wore white pumps. The actress accessorized with bright pink sunglasses and small hoop earrings
In Girls5eva, Busy stars with Renee Elise Goldsberry, Sara Bareilles, and Paula Pell as a member of a 1990s girl group going for stardom once again.  Season three debuts March 14 on Netflix. The streamer picked up the series after it was cancelled by Peacock
'The show was too good to just disappear,' the actress said on CBS Mornings. 'Our show is really unique, and it has a fan base, and I think that also the exposure on Netflix will be really great because it'll be exposed to so many more people'
The single mom shares daughters Birdie, 15, and Cricket, 10, with her ex-husband Marc Silverstein.
The funny lady said her daughters aren't interested in her work.
'Although, they do sometimes have to deal with people coming up to me and asking me about role, but then, they get to meet Olivia Rodrigo,' she shared, explaining one of the perks of having a famous mother. 
Season 3 of Girls5eva debuts on Netflix March 14.   

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group