Vampire Weekend will head out on their first tour since 2019 on April 8 in Austin, Texas.David Petkiewicz, cleveland.com
Vampire Weekend is hitting the road again and releasing a new album for the first time in 5 years.
The bands “Only God Was Above Us” tour will begin on April 8 in Austin, Texas and will wrap up on Oct. 17 in Austin.
While on tour, Vampire Weekend will perform two shows at Madison Square Garden in New York City: one on Oct. 5 and the other on Oct. 6, which is a matinee show.
If you’re a Chase debit or credit cardholder, you’ll be able to enhance your concert experience by signing up for tickets to the Chase Lounge before the show starts and get $5 off concessions, if you spend $30 or more.
This is the first time Vampire Weekend are going out on tour since 2019.
The tour will be in support of their latest album, which the tour is named after, and it will drop on April 5.
Support acts for the tour were handpicked by Vampire Weekend and hold regional significance in many areas, including LA LOM, The English Beat, Voodoo Glow Skulls, Mike Gordon, Christone “Kingfish” Ingram, Ra Ra Riot, Princess featuring Maya Rudolph and Gretchen Lieberum, Cults, a DJ Set By Mark Ronson, Turnstiles and The Brothers Macklovitch.
If you want to get tickets for the “Only God Was Above Us” tour, here is how you can get them.
Tickets to see Vampire Weekend on tour go on sale to the public on Feb. 23 at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
Fans of the band can also look to purchase tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketNetwork and TicketCity.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
You can find a full calendar of Vampire Weekend’s tour dates here.
Vampire Weekend are not the only artists performing at Madison Square Garden.
Here are a few more upcoming tours you won’t want to miss: Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Nicki Minaj.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices