In a report published by the Associated Press Karol G has been named Billboard's "Woman Of The Year" for 2024.
Previous winners include Lady Gaga, Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, and, Billie Eilish to name a few. The Colombian Singer and Songwriter made history on Sunday because not only did she win her first Grammy, but she was also the first woman to win in the best Musica Urbana category. Showing that Latin hip-hop is more than just what has been described as "Men's Music" by some.
In a statement to the Associated Press Karol shared her thoughts "You know, I feel a lot of responsibility about that. As a woman, I have to say, like in my experience, it was tough, like so many things, to be a girl in this industry, in the music that I do, in urban music." The Grammy winner is set to be honored at the Billboard Women Music Awards on March 6th. In addition, her album Ma침ana Ser치 Bonito was listed as one of AP's top picks of the year but in addition, shattered streaming records, and hit number one on the Billboard 200. This made her the first woman to do so with a Spanish-language release.
Karol G has won her first Grammy and is the first woman to do so in the Musica Urbana category, has been named Woman Of The Year by Billboard, and broke streaming records with said Grammy-winning album. She's had quite the year needless to say. Hannah Karp, Billboard's Editorial Director, made the following statement "With her immense talent, Karol G has created a movement for women across the globe due to her empowering lyrics and shameless confidence. The release of her groundbreaking album Ma침ana Ser치 Bonito has proven her a force to be reckoned with in both the English and Spanish charts. We are so excited to honor her as Woman of the Year."
The upcoming award show will be held at the YouTube Theater at Hollywood Park in Los Angeles and hosted by famous actress and producer Tracee Ellis Ross who is known for her role in the sit-com Girlfriends and Black-ish. Fans can purchase tickets for the March 6th show here.