ASCAP has launched its 2024 ASCAP Citizen campaign, powered by voter registration organization HeadCount, which encourages ASCAP’s more than one million members and their communities to make their voices heard in this year’s elections.
As the congressional debate around artificial intelligence regulation intensifies, the 2024 ASCAP Citizen campaign focuses on why voting is important for ASCAP members, emphasizing the direct impact policy can have on a music creators’ ability to make a living. This year’s campaign kicked off this week and will run through Election Day on Nov. 5.
The campaign launches with a video featuring ASCAP members Leon Thomas, Madison Love, Jimmy Jam, Marcus Miller, Siddhartha Khosla, Joe Ragosta, Jaren Johnston, Goergia Middleman, Akil “worldwidefresh” King, Amanda “Kiddo A.I.” Ibanez, René G. Boscio and Amanda Jones sharing why it’s critical for music creators to participate in the democratic process, and sending the message to elected officials that music creators vote.
Throughout the campaign, @ASCAP socials will feature educational content and personal messages about the importance of voting from ASCAP members across every genre. The initial list includes LENA, Blu June, Pinar Toprak, 310babii and more, and ASCAP will also amplify “get out the vote” messages from other top ASCAP creators partnered with HeadCount including Olivia Rodrigo, Alicia Keys and Kehlani.
“Whether it is protecting creators’ rights through copyright law or new artificial intelligence regulations, policy directly impacts our members’ livelihoods. It’s vital for music creators to stay engaged with democracy and that starts with voting,” says ASCAP CEO Elizabeth Matthews. “It’s time to show elected officials that they should listen to more than just our members’ songs, because music creators vote.”
“We’re thrilled to continue our partnership with ASCAP to empower music creators and their communities to vote in the upcoming elections. ASCAP Citizen embraces music’s power to bring people together – and music creators’ power as advocates for making our voices heard,” adds Lucille Wenegieme, Executive Director of HeadCount.
For the third election year in a row, ASCAP is an official partner of National Voter Registration Day on Sept. 17. ASCAP Citizen will engage in online and on-the-ground grassroots voter registration mobilization throughout the summer and fall, and will shift to get-out-the-vote efforts in the days leading up to Election Day, including early voting efforts for Vote Early Day on Oct. 29.