By Author Simon Delott


Published: Apr 15, 2024 at 4:03 PM • Category MET Gala 

Reading Time:  4 minutes 
The 2024 Met Gala guest list is out!
Earlier this year, we confirmed that Zendaya would return to the Met Gala. That is no surprise; she is one of the most consistently stunning attendees, and she always understands the assignment.
Now that the new list is out, we can see other Met Gala all-stars on the list. There are also some exciting newcomers.
This charity event is one of the biggest events in celebrity fashion. Who among them will bore us to tears, and who will dazzle everyone?
Though Anna Wintour has the post to blacklist any celebrity she chooses from the Met Gala, the glamorous charity gala has broad guest list.
And thanks to Page Six, we know who has received an invite to the 2024 Met Gala. 
Two exciting newcomers are Killers of the Flower Moon star Lily Gladstone and The Bear star Ayo Edebiri.
The same report notes that Gisele Bundchen scored an invite.
In past years, the model attended with her football DILF husband, Tom Brady. But he’s now her ex. Most recently, Gisele attended the gala solo.
There is speculation that she might bring her boyfriend, Joaquim Valente, as her plus-one. So this would be her first Met Gala with the jiu-jitsu instructor.
Rihanna has been a true staple of the Met Gala. Someone who very consistently delights as she actually embraces each year’s prompt. She, too, has received an invitation for 2024.
Kendall Jenner is the only member of the Kardashian family who is reportedly confirmed for the guest list. She doesn’t exactly go all out for the Met Gala, but she is a supermodel.
Kim Kardashian has made a major splash at past Met Galas, though she has been controversial at times. It’s unclear if she or anyone else in the family will attend this May.
The guest list also includes Olivia Rodrigo, Uma Thurman, Sarah Paulson, and Cara Delevingne.
Cara is something of a celebrity social butterfly, friendly with everyone from Taylor Swift to the Kardashians to the Jackson family. The actor and model has been a Met Gala regular for many years.
Meanwhile, many are hopeful that Saltburn and Eternals hottie Barry Keoghan will blow people away with his look this year. In 2023, he made his Met Gala debut.
This year’s prompt is Garden of Time. That might sound like the title of a 1988 Thundercats episode, but it’s a very open-ended prompt. 
We can expect to see floral motifs and timepieces … but some will get more creative with it than others.
Remember, this is a charity event. The tickets go for $50,000 per attendee — and also require Anna Wintour’s stamp of approval.
The Met Gala is a celebration of fashion itself. And it’s an opportunity for celebrities to go all-out and show off their creativity. 
Or, at the very least, to display which creative designers are happy to dress them for the occasion.
We’re all excited to see when everyone on the Met Gala guest list steps out onto the red carpet. May 6 will be here sooner than you think!
Taylor Swift Bodyguards: How Does Her Security Team Keep Her Safe?
Kyle Marisa Roth, Controversial TikTok User, Dead at 36