Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The pumpkin spice creep is, well, creeping — because Starbucks is bringing pumpkin spice back earlier than ever.
Starting today — Aug. 22 — Starbucks’ fall menu returns to its stores across the U.S., meaning those itching for fallen leaves and crisp air can finally unpack their cardigans and corduroy from that storage box in their bedroom closet. It’s time.
This marks the earliest date that the highly anticipated Pumpkin Spice Latte (PSL) and its fall-flavored friends have dropped at the coffee chain, with previous drops in 2021, 2022 and 2023 all hitting cafes on or after Aug. 24.
In addition to the PSL — which turns the same age this year as singer Olivia Rodrigo (wild!) — the all-new Iced Apple Crisp Nondairy Cream Chai will join the full menu of fall favorites, available for a limited time, while supplies last.
Wrap that snood around your neck and learn what Starbucks is offering this year, below:
Pumpkin Spice Latte: The PSL turns 21 this year, and a beverage doesn’t hit such a milestone without proving itself. The most popular seasonal beverage at Starbucks features espresso and steamed milk with the combination of pumpkin, cinnamon, nutmeg and clove flavors. The drink, which is available hot, iced or blended, is topped with whipped cream and pumpkin pie spices.
Pumpkin Cream Cold Brew: This returning beverage is crafted with Starbucks cold brew sweetened with vanilla syrup, topped with pumpkin cream cold foam and finished with a pumpkin spice topping.
Iced Pumpkin Cream Chai: This drink returns for its sophomore season on Starbucks’ menu and is inspired by customer and barista customizations according to the chain. The beverage features a blend of spiced chai notes with pumpkin cream cold foam and a pumpkin spice topping.
Iced Apple Crisp Nondairy Cream Chai: Much like the Iced Pumpkin Cream Chai, this all-new beverage originated as a popular customer customization. The new Iced Apple Crisp Nondairy Cream Chai features flavors of chai combined with oat milk and topped with nondairy apple crisp cold foam for a seasonal sip the chain says will remind drinkers of homemade apple pie.
Apple Crisp Oatmilk Macchiato: A nondairy version of a drink that was introduced in 2021, this macchiato features flavors of apple, cinnamon and brown sugar layered with espresso and poured over oat milk. The drink is then topped with a spiced apple drizzle and is available hot or iced.
Iced Apple Crisp Oatmilk Shaken Espresso: This menu item shakes together a combination of blonde espresso with notes of apple, cinnamon and brown sugar, and is topped with oat milk. 
Iced Caramel Apple Cream Latte: This app-exclusive drink is made with espresso combined with milk and notes of apple, cinnamon and brown sugar. The latte is served over ice and topped with salted caramel cream cold foam.
Iced Honey Apple Almondmilk Flat White: This app-only drink features blonde espresso and almond milk poured over ice with a hint of honey and nondairy apple crisp cold foam.
Raccoon Cake Pop: For a limited time, while supplies last, customers can enjoy this new cake pop critter which combines vanilla cake and buttercream and is dipped in chocolaty icing.
Pumpkin Cream Cheese Muffin: This returning pumpkin muffin is topped with sweet cream cheese filling and a sprinkling of chopped, spiced pepitas.
Baked Apple Croissant: This vegetarian menu item features layers of croissant dough wrapped around a warm apple filling and is topped with sugar.
Pumpkin & Pepita Loaf: This is a gently-spiced pumpkin bread topped with pepitas.
Starbucks’ pumpkin spice-flavored coffees and creamers are already on grocery shelves, available online and at grocery stores for a limited time, while supplies last:
Returning: Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored Coffee, Cold Brew Concentrate and Creamers, multi-serve Iced Espresso PSL, Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino Chilled Coffee Drink and Starbucks Fall Blend Coffee available in Roast & Ground and K-Cup pods.
New: Starbucks Smoked Butterscotch Flavored Coffee and Starbucks Pumpkin Spice Flavored Coffee by Nespresso for Vertuo.
Also starting Aug. 22, Starbucks Reserve locations in Chicago, New York City and Seattle will also debut the specialty chain’s fall menu, with the returning Starbucks Reserve Pumpkin Spice Latte, as well as the new Pumpkin Spice Whiskey Barrel-Aged Cold Brew, Pumpkin Spice Affogato, Pumpkin Spice Martini Flight and more.
Last but not least, Starbucks’ newest collection of seasonal drinkware includes cold cups, mugs and more in hues of vibrant orange, deep purple and rich green. 
There’s even a new, olive-green Starbucks x Stanley Quencher in the mix, as well as the newest Starbucks Artist Collaboration Series edition by painter, muralist and digital artist Rex Sterling Hamilton.
Joseph Lamour is the food reporter at TODAY.com and is based in Washington D.C.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.