2024 is set to be very busy for London as huge events take over the capital.


  Last year saw historical events from the likes of the coronation of King Charles to Beyonce's Renaissance tour attract thousands to London and 2024 is set to be just as big.


  From the O2 Arena's stacked line-up including the likes of Grammy Winners Olivia Rogria and The Killers, to Wembley's concerts including Taylor Swift and the return of many beloved annual events.


  So you don't miss out on anything taking place in 2024, we've rounded up the biggest events taking place in London and how you can get tickets.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)






A post shared by Taylor Swift (@taylorswift)


  For eight massive nights across three months, pop icon Taylor Swift will be taking over Wembley Stadium with her worldwide tour, the Eras Tour.


  The concert will see Swift celebrate her award-winning career in music, covering her ten albums (Eras) from Fearless, Speak Now, Midnights and more.


  Tickets to the Blank Space's London tour were goldust as fans had to register and cross their fingers to get picked.


  All dates to Swift's London Wembley shows are now sold out, however, registered fans can still get a chance at resale if any tickets are available, fans will be contacted personally.


  Legendary rock singer Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band will be returning to London Wembley for two special nights on July 25 and 27.


  Springsteen's show will see the singer cover his 40-year career with the likes of 'Glory Days', 'Badlands', 'Born to Run' and many more expected to be performed.


  Tickets for the singer's Wembley shows went on sale a while ago, and at the time of writing there were still some available to buy, you can find out more via the website.


  The O2 Arena will be welcoming recording-breaking singer Olivia Rodrigo for four shows in May as part of her Guts World Tour.


  The 'Get Him Back' singer will take on 57 dates across the Guts Tour and will be joined by special guest Remi Wolf.


  Tickets for Rodrigo went on sale to selected registered fans a while ago, at the time of writing some shows had sold out, however, some tickets are available as a resale option.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Foo Fighters (@foofighters)






A post shared by Foo Fighters (@foofighters)


  Pride in London will be back on Saturday, June 29 as millions take to London to celebrate and take part in the parade.


  The one-day event is typically the biggest of its kind in the UK, while it is free to attend, those wanting to take part in the parade need to apply via the Pride website before January 26.


  On the website, you can also apply to volunteer at Pride in London with each year seeing more than 1000 volunteers take part.


  The Foo Fighters will be back in London at the London Stadium for their Everything Or Nothing At All tour.


  With two tour London tour dates the group will be joined by Shame, Wet Leg, Courtney Barnett and Hot Milk.


  Tickets for the Foo Fighters went on sale in 2023 and were quick to sell out for general, however, at the time of writing you can still get hospitality sales.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.