Four huge names in TV and film have been tipped to play members of The Beatles in the upcoming biopic about the band.
With music biopics gaining momentum at the box office in recent years, the new film could mirror the success of previous music biopics including Elvis and Elton John's Rocketman, which was released back in 2019. And now fans have been waiting eagerly for details surrounding the film including casting.
The announcement about the new film - which is set to be produced by Sony Pictures and Sam's Neal Street Productions company - was shared by director Sam Mendes earlier this year, who revealed exclusively that it would be centering around the lives of famous rock musicians.
While details have been kept under wraps over the last few months, it has now been rumoured that some familiar faces are set to helm the roles. It is thought that Paul Mescal, Barry Keoghan, Harris Dickinson, and Charlie Rowe will be collaborating together on the project to play Paul McCartney, Ringo Starr, John Lennon, and George Harrison, respectively.
After pitching the movie concept to bosses, Shaun was left more than thrilled to have been met with "universal enthusiasm.". The Skyfall filmmaker told Deadline earlier this year: "We went out to Los Angeles just before Christmas to pitch the project, and it's fair to say we were met with universal enthusiasm.
"The reason Sony stood out from competing offers was down to Tom and Elizabeth's passion for the idea, and commitment to propelling these films theatrically in an innovative and exciting way." It is believed that shooting for the movie will begin in mid-2025 and is slated for release in 2027.
Barry, 31, rose to fame in the last few years after appearing on Saltburn and Banshees of Inisherin. The Irish actor is also in a relationship with child actress-turned-singer Sabrina Carpenter. The pair went public with their romance after turning up to the 2024 Grammys. The relationship comes after a very public love life for Sabrina who was previously wrapped up in the Olivia Rodrigo and Joshua Bassett love triangle.
Meanwhile, Paul, 28, became a household name after appearing in the hit BBC series Normal People, based on the book by Sally Rooney of the same name. Harris Dickinson, 27, rocked to stardom for his roles in Maleficent: Mistress of Evil, where he played Prince Phillip, as well as The King’s Man, Where the Crawdads Sing, and Triangle of Sadness.
And Charlie Rowe is a 28-year-old British star is best known to his fans for playing George Osborne in ITV’s lavish 2018 adaptation of Vanity Fair. The news of Paul's rumored casting comes after the handsome actor was recently linked to actress Natalie Portman, 42, after being spotted together in London last week, as the pair continue to fuel romance rumours.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.