Tickets are still available to see Bolton's Peter Kay perform at the new Co-Op Live arena in Manchester.


  The Bolton comedian was announced as the first person in the world to perform at the new venue which is poised to officially open. 


  The 50-year-old's Better Late Than Never tour will launch the arena on Tuesday, April 23.


  And just two days away from the big show, fans of Peter can still find tickets to the show.


  Ticketmaster is selling the cheapest tickets at £86.29.


  It comes as there were problems with a test day that was held at the arena yesterday with bosses apologising for some people being turned away. 


  The preview concert featured Rick Astley and some fans missed out as arena bosses were forced to reduce numbers at the last minute, although they have been invited back for a future performance.


  Peter Kay will perform two dates next week, April 23 and 24.


  A spokesperson for Co-op Live shared on its website: “He's one of the most successful stand-up comedians of all time, having delighted fans across the UK for well over two decades.


  “This marks a monumental moment in the city's cultural history, with Peter Kay headlining the first performance at the UK's largest live entertainment venue.”


  Tickets are also available for April 24 at the same prices.


  The venue boasts a bowl design and plenty of acoustic enhancements for an overall better experience.


READ MORE: Co-op Live fans to get free bus and tram travel in opening season


READ MORE: Peter Kay announces extra date added to his Co-Op Live shows


READ MORE: Peter Kay ticket prices for Co-op Live opening show


Co-Op Live also pledges sustainability at its core, and has teamed up with Event Cup Solutions with reusable cups used at the venue as well as refillable water stations.


  The venue has also seen the installation of air source heat pumps, solar panels, and rainwater recycling, and there will also be zero waste to landfill.  


  Olivia Rodrigo and The Jonas Brothers will also be performing at the Co-op Arena this year, but Peter Kay was given the first slot.


  Doors open at 6.30pm and the show will start at 8pm.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.