The pop star gave her rare designer vintage look a sexy edge with exposed lingerie at the event. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Olivia Rodrigo doesn't mind one bit if you can see her underwear. In fact, that was kind of the point of her outfit at the Billboard Live Music Summit in Los Angeles on Thursday. Before collecting her award for touring artist of the year, the pop star pulled up to the 1 Hotel in West Hollywood wearing a pitch-perfect Y2K look packed with covetable vintage designer finds.
The crown jewel of the ensemble was an icy blue low-rise pencil skirt with a small slit in the back from Gucci’s Spring/Summer 1998 collection designed by Tom Ford. With an indelible sheen akin to glistening snow, the same baby blue silk satin was also used to create a jacket and trousers for the collection. Underneath the skirt, Rodrigo flashed a glimpse of her black patent leather G-string thong with rhinestone logo buckles. Both the exposed thong and her strappy cropped black tank top come from Tom Ford's Spring/Summer 1998 collection for Gucci as well. The two pieces are generally sold as a set along with a black bodycon skirt, per Ford's original runway styling. But I like Rodrigo's colorful remixed version of the look—most likely styled by Chloe and Chenelle Delgadillo—quite a lot.
Olivia Rodrigo graces the Billboard Live Music Summit in Tom Ford-era vintage Gucci. 
Rodrigo accessorized the ensemble with Amina Muaddi black satin Mary Jane pumps, Tiffany & Co. white diamond knot earrings, and a matching diamond-encrusted Tiffany Knot ring. Her nails were painted a punchy red for a pop of color that complemented her signature brownish red glossy lip. The rest of her glam was similarly classic with her long brunette hair styled in a sleek blowout and her eyes framed with black cat-eye liner. Rodrigo has been a Glossier ambassador for years, so her razor-thin flick was probably created using the brand's Pro Tip liquid eyeliner.
Olivia Rodrigo pairs a baby blue pencil skirt with an exposed black thong and a strappy black camisole. 
In a post-naked dressing trend world, almost nothing feels shocking anymore. Nudity is practically encouraged at red carpet events, and the trend has even wormed its way into the everyday closets of women whose job descriptions don't include being a pop star. That said, there remains something irresistibly fun and alluring about an exposed thong peeking out from a celebrity's waistline. It may not be risqué, but the G-string still knows how to command attention.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Hanna Lustig is a staff writer at Marie Claire, where she gets to gab every day about the topics she holds most dear: fashion, beauty, and celebrity. Hanna’s editorial journey began with formative internships at Elle and InStyle, where she was lucky enough to work for some of the smartest women in media while she was still in college at the University of Tennessee. Hanna then accepted a digital culture reporting fellowship at Insider, where she helped carve out a new beat dedicated to covering influencers. Those experiences later served her well as a staff writer at Glamour, where she developed a knack for spinning quick turnaround celebrity news and trend reporting into juicy feature stories. Some of her greatest hits include an earnest ode to the no-pants trend, this meticulously reported feature exploring the rise of endoscopic facelifts, this snappy take on the Chanel-designed fantasy of Sofia Richie’s wedding, this tribute to WAGs past and present, and this timeline of Katie Holmes’s life and career as told through her denim collection.
Diane Keaton once hung up on Hanna during an interview, but thankfully that mishap did not derail what has otherwise been a deeply fulfilling career writing for and about women. As one of Marie Claire's resident experts on style and culture, her current coverage ranges from exploring TikTok's contrast makeup theory and the return of the boat shoe trend to interviews with costume designers for hit shows like Nobody Wants This and The Penguin. When she’s not at work, Hanna can probably be found listening to pop music, talking to her dog, and gossiping with her best friends. For more of Hanna’s perfect opinions on pop culture, you can follow her on Instagram and X.

The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


Just another Hollywood star to join the bob-aissance.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.