Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
These picks pull your whole look together.
Welcome to Same Same But Different. As Gen Z and millennial fashion commerce editors, respectively, we know a thing or two about shopping—for all ages, and especially our demographics. As we find the best products for you, we can’t help but do a little shopping for ourselves and build our personal (age-appropriate) wish lists. And now, we’re sharing them with you. Ahead, check out what’s in our hearts and in our carts lately.
Dale Chong: I don’t know about you, but sometimes I feel like my outfits need a pick-me-up. Sure, we have staples that often serve as the foundation of our wardrobe, special occasion pieces like wedding guest dresses, and statement-making items that often hold their own, but can occasionally use something extra, too. Admittedly, I am accessories girl—and I welcome all types with open arms to accentuate a look. Which ones are you wearing right now?
Meg Donohue:  I love accessories. They have the uncanny ability to boost your closet and help you keep up with trends without amassing a pile of clothes you won’t want a year from now. Who has closet space for that, anyway? One of my favorite microtrends of the moment is safety pins. They align with the metallic renaissance that’s happening and are as affordable as they come. There are endless ways to wear them, and the best part is, the look isn’t permanent. 
Aside from that, I’m happy to report that I finally need sunglasses again. Indeed, spring has soft-launched. Danielle Guizio and Quay just partnered on an eyewear collection and the results are as cool as you’d expect. That said, it’s not fully warm on the East Coast just yet. As such, I recently plucked a pair of vintage Vivienne Westwood leather driving gloves off Depop—and they transformed my personality. Now I’m the kind of refined woman who says things like “driving gloves.” Those were a one-of-a-kind find (lucky for me, not so much for you), but there are plenty of other great options out there. And speaking of Vivienne Westwood, I visited the namesake boutique on East 55th Street last week and am still thinking about her take on a sling bag. Oh, and I’m certifiably obsessed with this devilish puffer case for my phone. What’s your take on accessories these days? 
DC: Leather gloves! A winter trend I’ve welcomed—and emphatically so, at that. And that has me thinking: There are plenty of leather jackets on the market, but I can’t help but think about the smaller accessories, which are just as good as an investment. Right now, I’m eyeing a leather bandana scarf, which can be worn around the neck to add a chic (but edgy) touch to my cold-weather looks. I’m hoping to wear it as a hair accessory as well, but if that doesn’t pan out, I’ve got other options, like this classic Jennifer Behr headband. I know it’s pricey, but it’s also been seen on the likes of Olivia Rodrigo and Jennifer Lawrence, so you know it’s good.
I know we’re well into the bow trend by now, but I’ve decided to expand the girlish motifs into roses—specifically in the form of an easy-to-style claw clip. I blame my obsession with these on Pico, a hair accessories shop I frequented during Copenhagen Fashion Week.
The next one is a bit unexpected from me, but hear me out: arm warmers. I wore a pair during New York Fashion Week and I am now a convert. They’re the perfect thing to layer over my long-sleeve T-shirts when I need extra warmth without throwing on a full sweater, and they come in so many shapes and sizes. I’m starting with this pair from Free People, which is very versatile. And just in case you need another easy way to up the outfit game, I suggest a pair of colored socks. These ones from Comme Si have become a favorite, especially when I’m searching for that quintessential pop of red.
MD: I can attest that I saw you in that headband the other day, and it looked so good on. And I love that socks are now stylish, even when they clash with an outfit. More trends that are comfort-forward, please and thank you. My last cold-weather call-out is this Marni scarf. While I’m not a huge fan of stripes, this aquamarine and acid green pairing is one of my all-time favorite color combinations. I’m such a sucker for it—maybe because it reminds me of that one Ring Pop with the same colors? 
Ah, and “rings” brings me to perhaps the largest subsection of accessories: jewelry. What an ideal unplanned segue. I know you’re a jewelry maven, so I look forward to hearing your thoughts. But as for me, I’m embracing my own favorite pieces, regardless of trends. I’m head-over-heels for this Brooklyn-based jewelry company, Haricot Vert, for example. A timeless gold watch—oh, the irony—is always a good idea, as is this set of gold hoops. I like to style mine with a larger hoop in my second piercing, and a smaller one in front of it in my first piercing. Lastly, because I can’t help but buy into certain trends, I’m loving this Kara Yoo necklace. It’s a refreshing take on the bow craze and comes in black or white. Okay, your turn. 
DC: Jewelry is my absolute favorite subcategory. Of all the ways you can finish off an outfit, I’d say jewelry is arguably the best—not only because of the long-term investment, especially if you opt for fine jewelry brands, but also because many pieces go with everything. I’ve been loving the fanfare around tennis bracelets and necklaces, and Brilliant Earth’s take on the look with emerald-cut diamonds feels very of-the-moment without losing its timeless quality. But I’m also drawn to unconventional pieces, like the ones you’ve been wearing.
Of course, jewelry isn’t everything. There are bags, too. I’m in a bit of a streetwear-inspired sporty phase right now, and this Porter bag has been living rent-free in my brain for a little over a month. I’ve also been into styles with an oblong shape, like this sleek designer bag from Marge Sherwood. It’s just so good.
And to bring it full circle, I started wearing sunglasses again, too. Right now, I’m loving this rosy pair from Krewe, which feels appropriate for nearly every occasion when a pair of sunnies is needed. Finally, just like you, I’ve found myself outfitting my phone as an extension of my style. I’m usually a one-and-done type of girl when it comes to phone cases, but this pearly Ossa phone strap is adding a polished touch in the most effortless way—and honestly, I can’t say no to that hands-free lifestyle.
MD: I approve on all accounts. Before we go, a quick on-theme question: Name an accessory worn by a celebrity that you’ve never forgotten. I’ll go first: Dennis Rodman’s piercings. 
DC: Great question! I’ll see those and raise you Harry Styles’ pearl necklace. That Brit has gotten my head spinning around the trend ever since. With that, I’ll see you again next month.
We’re Hitting the Slopes—Here’s What We’re Wearing
How ELLE Editors Dress for Holiday Parties
Two Editors on What to Wear to See Wicked
Let the (World Series) Games Begin!
Our Fashion Month Postmortem
What Two ELLE Editors Are Wearing on Vacation
This One Is for the Brats 
Here Are Our Beauty Editors’ Current Favorite Skin
Can These Editors Pull Off the Tenniscore Trend? 
ELLE Editors Head West (Sartorially) 
ELLE Editors Break Down Their Wedding Wardrobes 
Here’s What We Think Is “In” for 2024 
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.