"He ain’t caring about your situation," the actor added 
Sebastian Stan, who portrays a young Donald Trump in new film The Apprentice has blasted the Republican presidential candidate as a “paranoid, scared little man.”
The Apprentice stars Stan as Trump and explores his life as a businessman in New York in the ‘70s and ‘80s. It received its premiere on May 20 at the Cannes Film Festival, where it received an eight-minute standing ovation.
In a new interview with The Hollywood Reporter‘s Awards Chatter podcast, Stan criticised Trump as someone who “ain’t caring about your situation.”
He went on to encourage people to vote, adding “and if you’re living in this country, you should, because it’s your right to..you have the right to be curious and know what there is to know.”
Speaking about this in the context of his new film about Trump, he added: “What is really so controversial about this film? I mean, I think what’s the scariest part is our own level of denial of reality at this point. If you want to really know, it’s out there, it’s all been documented for the last 30, 40 years.” Everything that’s in this film has been documented and it’s out there.””
He continued: “There’s people that are going to say, ‘We don’t know what the truth is anymore.’ That’s the problem! He [Trump] has muddled it up so much… You can create your own truth at this point, believe what you want, and that’s what people are doing. But I think if you really care, you can still find it.
“I can sit here and tell you things you’ve heard already for, like, 30,000 hours, and it’s not really going to make a difference,” he continued, about why the film was an important medium to convey the story.
He went on: “You hear facts, we all hear information, but you don’t experience it. It’s the experience of being with this person for two hours, and seeing where he’s coming from, and really asking yourself at the end of this film, ‘Do you trust this person? Do you really trust that this guy is going to make a decision that’s going to be good for you or good for him?’ And let me tell you something: There is one paranoid, scared little man that’s still out there fighting the good fight to get into the membership club of Manhattan and be put on a plaque on a wall. He ain’t caring about your situation. It’s that he‘s got to get there first. And that’s just what the film is.”
He continued: “The movie was asking the question, ‘What is the cost?’ And this man was sort of a really good example of what can happen as a result when you lose who you are because you are so focused on one thing and that nothing else matters, not even your humanity.”
Former U.S. President Donald Trump in 2024. CREDIT: Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Trump’s stance on abortion and his previous decision to overturn the landmark reproductive rights bill Roe v. Wade have been a major point of debate in this election. Olivia Rodrigo and Billie Eilish have previously endorsed Harris specifically for her commitment to restoring abortion access nationwide, with the latter approving her song ‘When the Party’s Over’ for a Democrat’s Ad on reproductive care.
Elsewhere, Beyoncé spoke at a Democratic Rally on Reproductive Rights last month, joining other stars of the entertainment world who are endorsing Harris, including Bruce Springsteen, who appeared in a ‘Hopes and Dreams’ campaign ad for Harris.
Taylor Swift also broke her silence in September when she wrote that she would be voting for the Democrat “because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them”.
Last week, the cast of Marvel’s Avengers, including Mark Ruffalo, Scarlett Johansson, Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans and Don Cheadle, reunited to endorse Harris in an Instagram clip.
Arnold Schwarzenegger, a former Republican governor of California, has also said he is voting for Harris. “I will always be an American before I am a Republican,” he said. “That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Others to officially endorse Harris include Madonna, St. Vincent, Jennifer Lopez, Charli XCX, Joni Mitchell, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, Cher, Lizzo, Eminem, Usher, P!nk, Leonardo DiCaprio, Bad Bunny, Bon Iver, Quavo, Mumford & Sons, GloRilla and Finneas.
Trump’s high-profile backers include Kid Rock, Kelsey Grammer, Kanye West, and Hulk Hogan.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.