By 

	Brittany Spanos


	If you didn’t get a chance to catch Olivia Rodrigo‘s massive Guts World Tour — or just want a chance to re-live it — Netflix just announced a new concert special. The Guts film will premiere on the streaming giant on October 29th.

	“I am so excited to share the Guts World Tour with my fans,” Rodrigo said in a statement. “For those of you who didn’t get a chance to rock out in-person, now you can have the best seats in the house! And to the fans who cheered, screamed, and danced with me, I am so glad we get to do it all over again!”

	Rodrigo kicked off her arena tour in February in Palm Springs. The global trek is due to wrap on October 22, with the Grammy winner playing dates in Singapore, the Philippines, and Australia this month. Along the way, she’s been joined by an A-list crew of opening acts: Chappell Roan, Remi Wolf, the Breeders, and PinkPantheress. Benee will join her for the Australian dates.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








The star released her sophomore album, Guts, in September last year. The album debuted at Number One, out-selling her blockbuster debut album Sour. It was nominated for Album of the Year and Best Pop Vocal Album at this year’s Grammy Awards. Following the release of the album, she contributed the song “Can’t Catch Me Now” to The Hunger Games: The Ballad of Songbirds & Snakes soundtrack.

	










	Rodrigo is the latest star to release a concert film, with both Taylor Swift and Beyonce premiering specials of their most recent world tours.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.