Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The “Good Luck, Babe!" singer is sharing her worries over some of her fans' behavior.

							By 

	Carly Thomas

Associate Editor

Chappell Roan is revealing why she’s actively trying to avoid reaching another level of fame for the time being.

	The “Good Luck, Babe!” singer, who has found her way into the spotlight this year, recently shared on the Comment Section podcast that she’s started to feel unsafe due to some of her fans’ behavior. This has led her to want to “pump the brakes” on fame.



	“People have started to be freaks — like, [they] follow me and know where my parents live, and where my sister works. All this weird shit,” Roan told host Drew Afualo. “This is the time when a few years ago when I said that if [there were] stalker vibes or my family was in danger, I would quit. And we’re there. We’re there!”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	The “Hot To Go!” artist rose to fame after serving as an opener on Olivia Rodrigo’s Guts World Tour and then her headline-making performances at Coachella and Governors Ball earlier this year. Her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess also entered the top 10 on the U.S.-based Billboard 200 chart.

	“I’m just kind of in this battle… I’ve pumped the brakes on, honestly, anything to make me more known,” Roan admitted. “It’s kind of a forest fire right now. I’m not trying to go do a bunch of shit.”

	It’s nothing new for celebrities to have to deal with unwanted behavior and situations from fans. Taylor Swift, Keanu Reeves, Madonna, Rihanna, Jamie Dornan and Drew Barrymore are just a handful of the A-list stars who have had their own run-ins with stalkers.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.