By EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:08, 24 September 2024   |  Updated:  19:23, 24 September 2024   
 69
View  comments
Gwen Stefani has been slammed over her 'horrifying' treatment of a 'terrified' kitten on The Voice this week.
The No Doubt singer, 54, received widespread backlash when she brought her tiny new rescue kitten out on stage on Monday night's season 26 premiere - before holding it up in the air as she addressed the studio audience.
Singer Sydney Sterlace wowed the judges with a rendition of Olivia Rodrigo's Drivers License - with Stefani being handed her cat afterward to convince Sydney to pick her as a mentor.
She said: 'You know Sydney... I had this little thing happen to me.
'This little creature came up to my porch and was like barely alive and was like "I love you, you're my new cat" but I don't have a name!
Gwen Stefani on The Voice, persuading contestants with their cute kitty! 😊@gwenstefani pic.twitter.com/JRx1oSfmod
Gwen Stefani has been slammed over her 'horrifying' treatment of a 'terrified' kitten on The Voice this week
'Then I thought maybe I can name it Sydney.
She then raised her voice as the kitten meowed and said: 'This cat's name is Sydney!'
When Stefani was picked by Sydney, she screamed 'oh my god!' while holding the wriggling kitten - who appeared to be around six weeks old - before holding the animal in the air as she hugged her new mentee. 
She then walked offstage holding the kitten in the air with both hands - with her behavior quickly branded 'disturbing', 'horrifying' and 'unacceptable.'
One fan wrote: 'Please never let Gwen near an animal again. They way she kept hoisting that tiny, scared kitten sky high above her head was horrifying.'
Another penned: 'love you to bits, but please never do that to such a young animal again. The noise, the way you held it like it was a stuffed animal dangling from your fingers, all of it would be traumatizing for such a very young kitten.'
Others wrote: 'Please don’t bring baby animals on and swing them around for entertainment. So sad to see that scared kitten'
'I love you, Gwen, and so enjoy you on The Voice, but I wish I could help you understand how terrified that kitten was. It wasn't taken from its mother that long ago and then to be out in front of all the people and noise, it isn't having a great start in life.'
The No Doubt singer, 54, received widespread backlash when she brought her tiny new rescue kitten out on stage on Monday night's season 26 premiere - before holding it up in the air as she addressed the studio audience
When Stefani was picked by Sydney, she screamed 'oh my god!' while holding the wriggling kitten - who appeared to be around six weeks old - before holding the animal in the air as she hugged her new mentee.
Stefani was branded 'disgusting' for bringing the baby animal onstage 
Stefani let the tiny animal run around onstage
Stefani was seen holding the kitten in the air onstage
One fan wrote: 'Please never let Gwen near an animal again. They way she kept hoisting that tiny, scared kitten sky high above her head was horrifying'
'Gwen Stefani disgusting kitten publicity stunt is unacceptable'
'I did not have Gwen Stefani torturing a kitten on my bingo card, but here we are. JFC what are @nbc and The Voice thinking?'
DailyMail.com has contacted representatives for Gwen Stefani and The Voice comment. 
Stefani's ex-husband Gavin Rossdale recently spoke about his ex following their divorce in 2016 after nearly 13 years of marriage.
He candidly discussed his 'shame' over the separation.
'I never thought I'd ever get divorced, so there's a simple shame in my life,' the rockstar began.
'I feel bad for my kids,' he continued. 'I wish I could have found a way to not have that in their lives. It wasn't fun for me to come from a broken home.'
He added: 'It can be quite debilitating for kids. The overriding thing is you don’t want to let your kids down.'
Gavin and Gwen romantically crashed into each other at the end of the 1990s and tied the knot in 2002.
After welcoming three sons, and nearly 13 years of marriage, the superstar couple announced their separation, shocking fans. The couple officially divorced in 2016.
Gwen has since found love with Blake Shelton, whom she married in 2021.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group