ByDanielle Chemtob
andForbes Daily
ByDanielle Chemtob,
 Forbes Staff 
andForbes Daily,
 Forbes Staff. 
Good morning,
Walking into an Abercrombie & Fitch store today, you won’t find shirtless models or a strong cologne scent. The iconic brand that dominated young adult fashion in the Y2K era has undergone a transformation, and it’s leading to outsized market returns.
The retailer, once criticized for controversial and exclusive marketing tactics, has reinvented itself by focusing on inclusivity, and offering a broader product range targeting young professionals. Last week, Abercrombie & Fitch reported the highest first-quarter net sales in company history, leading shares to surge more than 20% after the earnings announcement.
Its stock has grown over fivefold, outpacing AI darling Nvidia, over the past year.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, the United States, on Jan. 31, 2024.
The S&P 500 just had its best May since 2009, but the rally was concentrated in just a handful of stocks: Microsoft, Apple, Nvidia, Alphabet, Amazon and Meta tacked on a whopping $1.3 trillion in market cap last month, accounting for 76% of the index’s total gains.
MORE: GameStop shares more than doubled in premarket trading on Monday after meme stock influencer Roaring Kitty posted a screenshot suggesting he holds a nearly $116 million position in the game retailer.
As Boeing’s legal problems mount over its 737 Max airliner, the aerospace giant suffered a potentially expensive loss Thursday—a federal jury found the embattled planemaker guilty of stealing trade secrets from failed startup, Zunum Aero. Boeing had invested in the Seattle-based startup that won media buzz for its plans to develop a 12-seat hybrid-electric airplane, now a judge will determine damages, which could cost up to $235 million.
Inflation held steady in April at a historically high level, according to new data released Friday, as Americans continue to grapple with sticky price increases, though the fact inflation isn’t getting worse was viewed as a boon by investors. Headline inflation was 2.7% in April, according to the Commerce Department’s personal consumption expenditures index released Friday morning, while Core PCE inflation, which excludes the more volatile food and energy subindexes, was 2.8% in April. Core PCE inflation remains well above the Fed’s long-held 2% target.
The pandemic opened doors for Tempus Realty Partners, which has done more than $800 million in sale-leasebacks over the last three and a half years, according to partner Dan Andrews. In a sale-leaseback, a company sells a property while immediately leasing it back, continuing to operate as usual. Since inception, Tempus has acquired 106 properties worth $1 billion, with total assets currently valued at around $800 million, per Andrews.
Shares of biotech firm Summit Therapeutics more than tripled on Thursday following good news about a drug candidate to treat a type of lung cancer. The 272% surge in Summit’s stock more than doubled the fortune of pharma billionaire Bob Duggan to $7.5 billion in a day, Forbes estimates.
A Tesla Model Y sits on the lot at a Tesla dealership on April 15, 2024 in Austin, Texas.
Tesla is recalling more than 125,000 cars in the U.S. because of a software issue that prevents the seat belt warning system from activating, increasing the risk of injury in a crash, federal regulators said Friday. The automaker has issued 2.5 million recalls so far this year, second only to Ford in terms of total vehicles recalled.
Tesla chief Elon Musk is facing fresh insider trading accusations surrounding the sale of more than $7.5 billion worth of Tesla stock in late 2022, according to a lawsuit filed Thursday. The lawsuit, filed by Tesla investor Michael Perry, alleges Musk had nonpublic information about Tesla falling short on fourth-quarter deliveries and production when he sold the stock in November and December 2022.
Former President Donald Trump said Friday he will appeal his felony convictions, a day after a Manhattan jury found him guilty of 34 counts of falsifying records, making him the first current or former president to be convicted of a crime. An appeal sets the stage for the case to drag on months, or potentially years, past the November general election.
Three years ago, Truth Social’s parent company viewed Trump’s criminal conviction as a realistic enough possibility that it announced a contingency plan. The description of the contingency plan was vague: “The company principal’s ownership and position in the company shall be structured in such a way as to eliminate the need for restructuring of ownership or changes in position were a material disruptive event to occur,” an SEC filing said.
President Joe Biden announced and strongly endorsed a new three-phase cease-fire proposal through negotiators from Qatar on Friday, urging Hamas to accept the proposal as Israel continues its operation in Rafah. Israel’s official position on the deal remains unclear, but a senior White House official told ABC News on Sunday the U.S. had “every expectation” Israel would agree if Hamas accepts.
“I wanted to be the face of it," Mendes says of Skura Style products. "I wanted to take that chance and take that risk and be driven by people saying, ‘Why sponges?’"
Eva Mendes put Hollywood on hold a decade ago to raise a family with Ryan Gosling. Now the 50-year-old actress is reemerging as a cleaning-supplies entrepreneur: After taking an ownership stake in home cleaning goods startup Skura Style, she has helped expand its marketing reach and has even dabbled in product design.
Former public school teacher Merrilee Kick now ranks among America’s richest self-made women after selling her popular ready-to-drink cocktail business.
TOPLINE Brightly colored, plastic spheres filled with pre-mixed drinks with names like “Cran Blaster” and “Forbidden Apple” are packed onto thousands of shelves across America, from supermarkets to gas stations. BuzzBallz, as these ready-to-drink cocktails are known, started as a side hustle and has transformed into one of the biggest brands in the $2 billion industry.
“I’ve been living in the American Dream,” says BuzzBallz founder and CEO Merrilee Kick. “We’ve built a legacy. We’ve become a contender in a space where women never went.”
In 14 years since she founded the brand, Kick has built BuzzBallz into an alcohol industry powerhouse. In addition to distribution across the United States, the brand is now sold in 29 countries with annual revenue that Forbes estimates is roughly $500 million.
The 61-year-old Kick, in turn, has become one of the alcohol industry’s biggest success stories, with one of best exits ever for a woman. The former public school teacher from Plano, Texas, never sold a stake in the company, but did give 24.5% to each of her two sons, Alex and Andrew, now president and vice president of BuzzBallz. The Louisiana-based spirits conglomerate Sazerac, owned by billionaire William Goldring, acquired BuzzBallz in May in an all-cash deal that Forbes estimates is at least $500 million. Neither Kick nor Sazerac would comment on the size of the deal, but, without providing documentation, Kick says that the actual figure is much higher. Forbes conservatively estimates that, after taxes, Kick pocketed at least $400 million. That’s enough to earn Kick a No. 84 spot on Forbes’ annual list of America’s Richest Self-Made Women.
The Sazerac sale is a rare feat in an industry with few female founders.
WHY IT MATTERS
Pre-batched cocktails are typically one of the most competitive parts of the spirits industry, with plenty of new entrants and long-standing rivalries among big brands. The category has been growing 30% year-over-year, according to Spins, which tracks retail sales nationwide. According to InsightAce Analytic, the sector is projected to hit $5 billion in sales by 2030.
MORE Meet Pappy Van Winkle’s Billionaire Pappy
Direct File will be a permanent, free tax filing option in all 50 states and the District of Columbia for the 2025 filing season, the Department of the Treasury and IRS said. Launched for the 2024 tax season as a pilot, eligible taxpayers were able to file their federal tax return for free directly with the IRS, but only in 12 states:
140,803: The number of taxpayers who filed their federal tax returns in 2024 using the new service
$5.6 million: The amount taxpayers who used the service saved in filing costs
$270: The amount the average American spends to file their taxes, per an earlier IRS survey
Starting your first job after graduation can be daunting. To succeed in your new role, don’t wait for your manager to tell you what to do. Ahead of a 1:1 meeting, for example, send your boss an agenda of items you want to discuss. Ask for specific feedback, make friends at the organization, and keep track of your accomplishments. Whenever you have a bump in the road, look back at it to remind yourself of the positives.
A fan sued a popular artist for a late start to one of her concerts, the third lawsuit the singer has faced on her tour for starting the show hours after the scheduled time. Which artist is it?
A. Pink
B. Madonna
C. Alanis Morissette
D. Olivia Rodrigo
Check your answer.
Forbes’ CFO newsletter will help you keep up with the most important corporate finance headlines. Click here to sign up.