Every Gen-Zer after binging 'SATC' on Netflix.
Getty
 Like anyone else with a Netflix subscription, Olivia Rodrigo has seemingly been binge-watching Sex and the City after the series made its debut on the streaming platform this week. And while kicking off her Guts Tour in New York City on Friday night, she proudly declared that she's a Carrie.

 For the occasion, the pop star took the stage in a completely Carrie Bradshaw-coded outfit, wearing a pair of rhinestone-studded hot pants with sheer tights embellished with sparkly star-shaped motifs and a white tank top that spelled "Carrie Bradshaw AF" in bold pink letters. The shirt also included an image of Carrie's beloved Manolo Blahniks (also in pink) and was styled with an exposed red bra strap. 

Getty
 Adding her own punk spin to the look, Rodrigo accessorized with a smattering of silver rings, black nail polish, and a chain-link choker. Her long dark was worn down in loose, waist-length waves with a center part, while the rest of her glam included glitter eyeshadow and red lips. 

 This isn't the first time the Sour singer has repped Carrie with her clothes. Just last year, Rodrigo attended the 2023 Billboard Women in Music Awards while sporting a cropped brown leather tube top and a pair of low-rise vintage trousers with a massive horse print on the leg.

Getty
 If they look familiar, it's because Sarah Jessica Parker wore them in season 4 of SATC during the episode titled "Coulda, Woulda, Shoulda," which aired in 2001.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)