Shippensburg University
Shippensburg University
Saturday, May 3, 2025
Print Edition
This year’s MTV (Video Music Awards (VMAs) were by far one of the most predictable. Even though 2024 alone has been a pop revival for the genre, one artist ruled the awards. Megan Thee Stallion brought all of her energy she puts in her music into hosting the VMAs. She won best art direction for “BOA” and best trending video for “Mamushi." 
Dominated by all women, Camila Cabello, Dua Lipa, Olivia Rodrigo, Sabrina Carpenter, Tate McRae, and Taylor Swift were all nominated for Best Pop artist. If you pay attention at all to what goes on in the pop industry, you can probably guess who won Best Pop Artist: none other than Taylor Swift. 
Swift took home 7 VMA awards: Artist of the Year, Best Pop, Video of the Year for “Fortnight” featuring Post Malone, Best Collaboration, Best Direction, Best Editing and Song of the Summer. This night has now made her the most awarded VMA solo artist, surpassing Beyoncé at 26, having won 30 VMAs.
I was not surprised that she won so many awards because of the year she has had. This has already sparked an online debate on whether an artist should be able to win these many awards. It is slightly unfair to the rest of the artists that did not get recognized, but Swift is constantly breaking records and making history. I was shocked to see that Billie Eilish’s “Birds of a Feather” did not win any awards, despite the song going Platinum. Eilish did take home the Video for Good award for “What Was I Made For?” 
Eminem started the night off right by performing “Houdini” and “Somebody Save Me." He was surrounded by lookalikes on stage who wore the slim shady wigs wearing all black and stood like guards with their arms crossed, only nodding. He got Best Hip-Hop and Best Visual Effects for “Houdini."
Best New Artist nominees were between Chappell Roan, Tyla, Gracie Abrams, Shaboozey, and Teddy Swims. All eyes were on the Midwest Princess, Chappell Roan, when she made her debut VMA performance of “Good Luck, Babe!” and received the Best New Artist award. During her acceptance speech she addressed kids in the Midwest saying, “And don’t ever let anyone tell you that you can’t be exactly who you want to be b***h.”
Best Alternative went to Benson Boone for his hit song “Beautiful Things." Boone also made his debut performance singing the song that put him on the map and doing backflips on stage in an iconic blue sparkly jumpsuit. He shared in an interview that night that he is hoping to release his new album in January. 
Katy Perry was awarded the ultimate prize: the Video Vanguard Award, or Lifetime Achievement Award. This is rewarded to an artist who has had a major influence on music videos, and the first of these awards was given out in 1984. Her husband, actor Orlando Bloom, adorably presented the award to her after she performed a compilation of her hits. 
It was an absolute dog fight for the Best Rock award, but Lenny Kravitz came out on top for “Human." Kravitz was up against a tough group: Bon Jovi, Coldplay, Green Day, Kings of Leon and U2. Also in rock, Halsey did a flawless performance of her new punk song “Ego." She performed inside of a garage, which told a clear story in pair with the song lyrics where she sometimes wants to go back to how things were. 
The fans wanted that me espresso, giving Carpenter the Song of the Year for “Espresso." Before winning her first ever VMA, Carpenter performed her most popular songs in a compilation of “Please Please Please,” “Taste” and “Espresso.” Added to the list of iconic performances, Carpenter made out with an alien during “Taste."
In recent news, some songs on Carpenter’s new album are about Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello. This sparked an anticipation for the VMAs because all three artists performed. It was no surprise that Carpenter would perform “Taste” because it had quickly become one of her hits off the album. On the other hand, it was shocking that Cabello started off her performance with “June Gloom,” which happens to be a song about Carpenter. “June Gloom” played on a laptop for a few lyrics, but Cabello cut it short and switched to singing her new song “GODSPEED,” which is about being over the past and wanting to leave it behind. She then smashes the computer and breaks out of a cage she was in on stage.
There was not a single dull moment at the VMA’s. So many talented artists won and were nominated. To the full list of winners and nominees, click here.


                                                                    By Jeremiah Clawson



                                                                    By Jeremiah Clawson



                                                                    By Mara Robinson

The Slate welcomes thoughtful discussion on all of our stories, but please keep comments civil and on-topic. Read our full guidelines here.


                                4/25/2025, 3:53pm
                            



                                4/18/2025, 6:55pm
                            



                                4/17/2025, 8:16am
                            



                                4/15/2025, 12:13pm
                            

All Rights Reserved
© Copyright 2025 The Slate
Powered by  Solutions by The State News.