In honor of the new year, the Daily staff compiled some concerts that are coming to the Bay Area or arenas near campus in 2024. Use this listicle to find your next concert-going experience, from a hypnotic electronic show to an indie folk trip into nostalgia.
Genre: Electronic/house
Date and time: Feb. 29 at 9 p.m.
Ticket price: $18-20
Location: 1015 Folsom, San Francisco, CA
Sofia Kourtesis’s hypnotic dance music is a refreshing retreat from the mainstream electronic sound. The Peruvian-born, Berlin-based singer incorporates a handful of spiritual, political and cultural influences into her music. Her newest album, “Madres,” was released last October and offers moments of meditation and movement. It is dedicated to preeminent neurosurgeon Peter Vajkoczy, who responded to Kourtesis’s plea for help when her mother was diagnosed with cancer — making the lyrics and rhythm of her tracks that much more powerful. 
Kourtesis’s stage presence is distinctive, and her charm is undeniable. I saw her perform in Berlin at Funkhaus this past fall. Throughout the set, she constantly incorporated the audience into the performance, inviting everyone to sing and dance on stage at the end of her performance. Dancers and drag queens strutted through the crowd as she played music. She oscillated between three languages — English, Spanish and German. Kourtesis is a stand alone in a male dominated genre. The emotion she adds to electronic music and her humble yet strong presence make her a pleasure to witness live. 
Genre: Rock/pop
Date and time: July 17 at 2:30 p.m.
Ticket price: $167+
Location: Levi’s Stadium, Santa Clara, CA
The Rolling Stones were the “bad boy” band of the 60’s — but for all their “bad boy” reputation, they’ve aced every album they’ve released since 1965. Their latest album “Hackney Diamonds,” released last October, is the namesake of their current tour. Before you question the stage presence of the Stones, keep in mind that they sold out every concert in their 2019 tour “No Filter Tour,” which was cut short by COVID-19. 
Live performance aside, their music is full of energy and harkens back to their original albums without their music ever sounding old. Tickets are expensive by this point, but they’re still for sale — given they sold out every theater where they played in 2019, though, I wouldn’t expect tickets to remain available for long.
Genre: Pop
Date and time: Aug. 2-3, 7:30 p.m.
Ticket price: $320+
Location: Chase Center, San Francisco, CA
Sensational singer-songwriter Olivia Rodrigo has taken the music industry by storm with her power ballads and poignant lyrics. As a rising star, the anticipation for her concert is palpable, and there are several reasons why attending is a must.
Rodrigo’s music has reached great heights thanks to its strong emotional resonance to her audience. Her debut album, “SOUR,” was praised for addressing themes of heartbreak, self-discovery and the rollercoaster of feelings that come with growing up. Experiencing this emotional connection between the artist and the audience is a recipe for a memorable concert.
Moreover, Rodrigo’s stage presence in past concerts has been known for being electrifying. Even if you haven’t witnessed her live before, her performances display raw emotion and keep the audience engaged from start to finish. Her ability to translate the intensity of her lyrics into a live experience is truly something to behold.
If you’re a fan of genuine talent and crave a concert experience that goes beyond mere entertainment, Rodrigo’s live performance of her newest album “GUTS” promises an unforgettable evening filled with heart, soul and a musical journey through the emotions of life. 
Genre: Alternative/indie
Date and time: Sept. 25, 7 p.m.
Ticket price: Starting price of $49.95
Location: Frost Amphitheater, Stanford University, CA
Mitski has become an ubiquitous symbol of 21st-century singer-songwriter music: Well-written songs such as the Weezer-esque “Townie” and the dance-pop “Nobody” were inescapable for terminally-online Gen-Zers browsing online music circles (cough cough). But her most recent album, “The Land is Inhospitable and So Are We,” is a sparse and folky left-turn for the indie legend. She’ll put the record on the road in her upcoming 2024 North American tour, this time for an even larger fanbase. 
The record’s third single, “My Love Mine All Mine,” has become one of her most popular songs on TikTok, racking up over 537 million streams on Spotify in just over five months. By attending this concert at Stanford’s Frost Amphitheater, you’ll get to see a premier indie musician in peak form. Consider yourself warned: Tickets are all but sold out, so expect to pay a pretty penny (if you can even find a re-seller anywhere).
Genre: Indie/folk-pop
Date and time: July 5, 6 at 8 p.m.
Ticket price: $200
Location: The Greek Theater at the University of California, Berkeley, CA
The first song I heard from Noah Kahan was “Maine” from his 2020 EP “Cape Elizabeth.” The beautiful lyricism and the cozy melody made me feel nostalgic for a place I’ve never even been. Since then, I’ve been hooked on his music. This summer, Noah Kahan is coming to California again for the “We’ll All Be Here Forever Tour.”
Although I’ve never been to a Noah Kahan concert, watching his live performances has taken me aboard several emotional roller coasters. While you want to scream along to his songs that explore themes such as homesickness, loss, mental health, friendship and love, the warmth in his voice never dies down, dragging listeners into a state of vulnerability. The currently sold-out show has retail tickets starting from prices around $300 all the way up to $800 — if you’re willing to pay for a concert on the more expensive side, these shows are a must-go.
Genre: Indie/R&B
Date and time: Feb. 4 at 8 p.m.
Ticket price: $29.50
Location: August Hall, San Francisco, CA
I’ve seen Jamila Woods on large festival stages and noisy dive bars — the singer-songwriter and poet transforms every venue into an intimate setting. Her soulful live renditions give me a newfound appreciation for her records and leave me feeling affirmed. Her latest album, “Water Made Us,” is an examination of the highs and lows of romantic relationships — a guidebook for the forlorn and those who are hopeful but remain cautious about love. 
Beyond the restorative potential of an evening with Woods, her setlist will likely include an unexpected but delightful cover. The last time I saw her, she and her band performed Fall Out Boy’s “Sugar We’re Going Down.” The best way to get ready for her concert is to set your intentions and study up on a few rock classics.
Genre: Indie/alternative rock
Date and time: Feb. 8, 9 at 8 p.m.
Ticket price: $73
Location: The Fillmore, San Francisco, CA
From Green Day to The Pixies and (almost) the Talking Heads, there are plenty of options for the late century, alternative rock revivalist tour-goers of Gen Z. Trio group Yo La Tengo (YLT) is throwing their hat into the ring for your consideration. Their most successful projects may have been 1997’s shoegazey “I Can Hear The Heart Beating As One” and 2000’s quietly dreamy “And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside-Out,” but the trio has continued to release albums fairly consistently in the years since. 
Judging by their latest re-recordings and 2023 setlists, you can expect to hear them perform a setlist with the old and new bittersweet crooning of “Aselestine” and fuzzy guitar noise of “This Stupid World.” The latter is also the title of their well-received 2023 album, proof that their creative spark hasn’t diminished since their founding in 1984. 
In the band’s 40-year run, YLT has developed quite the expansive repertoire. If you’re a fan of bands like the Velvet Underground or Radiohead, you should consider giving their music a listen — even if you don’t spend upward of $70 for the concert experience.
Genre: Pop
Date and time: July 9 at 8 p.m.
Ticket price: $86
Location: Bill Graham Civic Auditorium, San Francisco, CA
If you don’t already recognize Tate McRae from her trending, sultry sophomore album, “Think Later,” you will soon. Her singles “Exes” and “Greedy” are undeniable hits, but the 20-year-old has been on the rise with moody, heartbreak-fueled releases for years — and I don’t see it stopping anytime soon. Her voice is pop perfection with an addictive edge, and her lyrics boldly cut to the heart of the twenty-something experience. McRae’s discography ranges from brooding ballads to infectious, danceable electronic beats, and she’s collaborated with fellow melancholic pop favorites Troye Sivan and Khalid.
If her television appearances are any indication, McRae won’t disappoint on stage. A former competitive dancer, McRae’s mesmerizing performances have caught the attention of social media, and with good reason. Her performances tell a story, with set design, styling and choreography coming together for maximum entertainment. Don’t miss out on this chance to see pop’s new it girl!
Editor’s Note: This article is a review and includes subjective opinions, thoughts and critiques.
Charlotte Kearns '27 is an Arts & Life staff writer interested in theater and music performance. In her free time, she enjoys listening to early 2000s music and drinking matcha boba with her roommate.Brandon Rupp '25 is a columnist for the Arts & Life section who served as the Vol. 263 Music Desk Editor.

Contact him at rupp 'at' stanford.edu to tell him how much you respect his rigid journalistic integrity (or to send him music to take a look at). He appreciates that you are reading his bio.Leyla Yilmaz '25 is the vol. 264 Reads desk editor for the Arts & Life section. She is from Istanbul, Turkey and a prospective Biology major who enjoys frequent trips to the bookstore and collecting cacti. Contact the Daily's Arts & Life section at arts ‘at’ stanforddaily.com.Blyss Cleveland is an Arts & Life staff writer and Screen columnist for Vol. 266. “A Place in the Sun” is one of her favorite movies, but she dislikes the ending.Contact The Daily’s Arts & Life section at arts ‘at’ stanforddaily.com.Cameron Duran '24 is a vol. 265 Arts & Life Managing Editor. Contact The Daily’s Arts & Life section at arts ‘at’ stanforddaily.com.
University
Academics
Campus Life
Graduate Students
Business & Technology
Data
Equity Project
Fall Sports
Winter Sports
Spring Sports
Screen
Culture
Music
Reads
Columnists
Editorials
Letters from the Editor
Letters to the Editor
Op-Eds
Video
Podcasts
Cartoons
Graphics
Tech
© 2025 THE STANFORD DAILY PUBLISHING CORPORATION
Privacy Policy         Accessibility         Advertise
Proudly Powered by WordPress
Donate and support The Daily when you shop on Amazon