Olivia Rodrigo has said she is "sooooo disappointed" she is unable to perform at the Co-op Live arena due to "ongoing venue-related technical issues".
 The troubled £365 million venue had postponed its opening show for the third time just over an hour before rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie was due to perform yesterday, confirming there was a problem during the soundcheck. It's the latest in a series of delays for the UK's biggest indoor venue, originally set to open at the end of April. A Peter Kay gig was shelved and the venue's general manager, Gary Roden, spectacularly quit after 12 months in the job.
Two hours after cancelling A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, the venue confirmed via a statement on X, formerly Twitter, that Rodrigo would not be performing. It said: "Due to an ongoing venue-related technical issue, the scheduled performances of Olivia Rodrigo's Guts World Tour on May 3 and 4 are being postponed. Ticket holders can either hold on to their tickets or obtain a refund at point of purchase."
Three-time Grammy winner Rodrigo took her Guts tour across North America during March and April. She most recently performed at the 3Arena in Dublin, and is expected to perform at London's O2 on May 14, 15, 17 and 18. She had been due to perform at the venue on Friday, May 3 and Saturday, May 4 as part of her Guts world tour, but those shows have now been postponed too. 
She wrote on her Instagram story: "I've been having such a great time in Europe so far and I'm sooooo disappointed that we're unable to perform in Manchester due to ongoing venue-related technical issues. We're doing our best to reschedule the show. You can hold on to your tickets for further info or request a refund at your point of purchase. More info will be sent directly to ticket holders. I'm so bummed and I really hope to see you all soon."
Venue bosses had posted a statement cancelling A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie's performance 10 minutes after the doors were set to open for what was meant to be its first official event, as fans queued outside. The arena's operators blamed an incident during soundcheck when "a component of the heating, ventilation and air conditioning system, used to direct air, separated from the ductwork". No one was injured but the entire system would need to be tested for further defects, they said.
Oak View Group chairman and chief executive Tim Leiweke said: "The safety and security of all visiting and working on Co-op Live is our utmost priority, and we could not and will not run any event until it is absolutely safe to do so. Today was a very unexpected situation but without a doubt the right decision. I deeply apologise for the impact that this has had on ticket holders and fans."
Meanwhile, the Co-operative Group said it was "disappointed" by the announcement and will seek a "full explanation" from the Oak View Group. "As the naming rights sponsor for Co-op Live, we are shocked at the incident which has led to late cancellation of tonight's show at the arena," a spokesman said.
"We are relieved that no-one has been injured, but we share the disappointment and frustration of ticket holders, many of whom are Co-op members, with the continuing delay to the opening of Co-op Live and the disruption that this is causing to everyone who has been looking forward to attending events.
"We will be seeking a full explanation from Oak View Group (OVG), who are responsible for the building, to the obvious questions arising from this, together with a clear plan from the Co-op Live venue management team at OVG for opening the venue and postponed and future events. Safety is, of course, the number one priority and it is critical that Co-op members and other ticket holders can enjoy events in a venue with the very highest levels of security and safety measures in place."
The opening of the venue has already been postponed twice, with performances from comedian Peter Kay and American rock duo The Black Keys rescheduled. However, the venue had reassured fans that A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie and Rodrigo's shows would be going ahead this week.
In a poster published on social media, Kay proclaimed he was going to be the "first artist in the world to perform" at "Europe's biggest new arena" - this has since been changed to say he "is hoping to eventually perform at Europe's biggest new arena*" - with the asterisk referring to a note in the corner saying "if they actually open the place".
Get email updates with the day's biggest stories