Lily Allen jokes that having children “ruined” her career.
The British pop singer became famous in the late 2000s with hits like “Smile,” “Fuck You,” and “Not Fair.” Her 2009 single “Who’d Have Known” was famously sampled in T-Pain’s 2011 single, “5 O’Clock” with Wiz Khalifa.
Allen welcomed daughters Ethel Mary, 12, and Marnie Rose, 11, with her ex-husband Sam Cooper, according to People. The former couple tied the knot in 2011 but divorced in 2018.
The singer’s last studio album, No Shame, was also released in 2018. However, a new podcast interview with the singer suggests that her hiatus from the music industry might be by design.
“I never really had a strategy when it comes to [a] career, but yes, my children ruined my career,” Allen told the Radio Times Podcast with a laugh. “I mean, I love them and they complete me, but in terms of, like, pop stardom? Totally ruined it.”
British humor aside, the 38-year-old singer said she intentionally chose her children over her career and that the decision was based on her own upbringing.
“It really annoys me when people say you can have it all because quite frankly you can’t. Some people choose their career over their children and that’s their prerogative,” Allen added. “But my parents were absent when I was a kid and I feel like that really left some nasty scars that I’m not willing to repeat on mine. So I chose stepping back and concentrating on them, and I’m glad that I’ve done that because I think they’re pretty well-rounded people.”
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Watch Olivia Rodrigo Dedicate Lily Allen's "F*ck You" to Supreme Court Justices at Glastonbury
sports | BY Mark Elibert
Russell Wilson Says God Told Him to Raise Baby Future After First Date With Ciara, Brings Up Bible and Joseph
music | BY Alex Ocho
Machine Gun Kelly Raps About Miscarriage With Megan Fox on New Song “Don’t Let Me Go”
Despite her musical hiatus, Allen joined Olivia Rodrigo to perform her hit “Fuck You” at the 2022 Glastonbury festival, dedicating it to the U.S. Supreme Court justices for their decision to overturn Roe v. Wade, the law that ensured a woman’s legal right to a safe abortion.
In the meantime, Allen is putting her efforts into raising her children and her new BBC podcast Miss Me? with co-host Miquita Oliver.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.