On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast, Katie & Keith are talking about the buzzy album's early Grammy chances & what the next single should be.

	As Jay-Z pointed out at the Grammys in February, Beyoncé has been nominated for album of the year four times but has never won — despite the fact that she’s the awards show’s winningest artist of all time, taking home 32 trophies from 88 nominations.

	On the new Billboard Pop Shop Podcast (listen below), Katie & Keith are talking about whether her brand-new Cowboy Carter album could break that losing streak in the Grammys‘ top category. So far, it’s feeling like a critical and commercial success story that has all the makings of a top album of the year contender. But of course, the eligibility year (Sept. 16-Aug. 30) is young. We even still have  new project from the reigning album of the year champ, Taylor Swift, coming later this month.

	










	Listen to the new podcast below to hear our full conversation about Beyoncé’s early Grammy chances, as well as what song could be the next single following the seven-week Hot Country Songs chart-topper “Texas Hold ‘Em.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Also on the show, we’ve got chart news on how Future and Metro Boomin debut atop both the Billboard 200 and the Billboard Hot 100 songs charts, how Hozier is suddenly back in the top 10 on the Hot 100 for the first time in nine years with his gone-viral hit “Too Sweet,” and how five songs from Olivia Rodrigo’s new expanded deluxe edition of her Guts album debut on the Hot 100.

The Billboard Pop Shop Podcast is your one-stop shop for all things pop on Billboard‘s weekly charts. You can always count on a lively discussion about the latest pop news, fun chart stats and stories, new music, and guest interviews with music stars and folks from the world of pop. Casual pop fans and chart junkies can hear Billboard‘s executive digital director, West Coast, Katie Atkinson and Billboard’s managing director, charts and data operations, Keith Caulfield every week on the podcast, which can be streamed on Billboard.com or downloaded in Apple Podcasts or your favorite podcast provider. (Click here to listen to the previous edition of the show on Billboard.com.)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.