Wink, wink.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	While today (Feb. 20) is officially Olivia Rodrigo‘s 21st birthday, the singer jokingly celebrated her milestone bday a day earlier with friends in an Instagram post on Monday in which she joked, “Today is my last day of being able to under age drink (hypothetically) !!!!”

	The series of snaps included Rodrigo rocking a plunging neckline black dress and blowing out the candles on a funfetti cake during a party with a number of friends, including Tate McRae, The Kid LAROI, actress Iris Apatow and Conan Gray.

	










	Last month, Rodrigo was already gearing up for her big 2-1, telling ET on the red carpet at the 14th annual Governors Awards that she was planning something special. :It is a big birthday,” she said. “I think I’m gonna have a party with my friends and pop some champagne, you know? It’s the 21st!” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	The night before her birthday blowout, at the 2024 People’s Choice Awards on Sunday night, Rodrigo took home two awards for song (“Vampire”) and album (Guts) of the year. The singer is also one of the leading nominees for the 2024 iHeartRadio Music Awards, set to air live from the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on April 1 on Fox. While Taylor Swift leads all nominees with nine nods, Rodrigo is just behind with seven noms.

	Rodrigo is gearing up to launch her GUTS World Tour, which kicks off on Friday (Feb. 23) with a gig at the Acrisure Arena in Palm Springs, CA and is currently slated to keep her on the road through a four-show run at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles on August 13, 14, 16 and 17.

	Check out the snaps from Rodrigo’s party below.
A post shared by Olivia Rodrigo (@oliviarodrigo)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.