Follow us
How many albums has Sabrina Carpenter released? You’d be forgiven for thinking that Short n’ Sweet, her new full-length, is also her first. After all, the first time most people heard of her was this year, via her two unstoppable singles, “Espresso” and “Please Please Please”.
Short n’ Sweet is actually Carpenter’s sixth album. She’s deep into the game, releasing her first album aged only 15, as part of a career as a Disney Channel star that included both acting and music. But none of that music particularly bothered the charts. It wasn’t until her fifth album that she had a single that entered the UK top 20. Contrast that to the last few months, when she held both the number one and number two slots for three consecutive weeks. “Taste”, her new single, has a delightfully gory, Jenna Ortega-featuring video which has taken over the internet, and went number one last week – as did Short n’ Sweet itself on the albums chart.
Carpenter’s not the only slow-burn popstar who, like a firework with a delayed fuse, has shot up into the firmament rather later than expected. Consider Chappell Roan, who released her debut EP in 2017, got dropped by her record label in 2020, then only came out with her debut album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, last year. Even then, that record got critical approval but next-to-no commercial success. It didn’t make America’s Billboard 200 album chart at all until April of this year, after Roan supported Olivia Rodrigo on tour. And now? Roan is empress of the internet, and “Good Luck, Babe!”, a standalone song from this year, is sitting on a throne of more than half a billion Spotify streams.
We also have Ms Brat herself, Charli XCX. She’s been bouncing in and out of the charts since 2012, when “I Love It”, her collab with Icona Pop, went number seven in the US and number one here. She sung the chorus on Iggy Azealia’s “Fancy”, a number one song in the US, in 2014. Then she went away and made weird hyperpop with producers like Sophie, only coming back commercially with 2022’s Crash. And while that album topped the UK charts, the follow-up, Brat, has been something else altogether, its mantra of cheerful, sloppy hedonism worming its way everywhere, including the US presidential campaign. (The Billie Eilish remix of Guess also won XCX her first UK number one single as a lead artist. Better late than never.)
How has this happened? Partly, as we wrote about in June, Carpenter, XCX and Roan are leading the return of personality to pop music. Listeners have become bored of “intimacy” and “authenticity” being prized – especially when all it amounted to was hushed vocals, acoustic guitars and muted colour palettes. This trio have colour, camp and thumping beats in abundance; no wonder they’re suddenly doing well.
Pop music, especially pop music made by women, tends to be fixated on newness and youth. These artists have bucked that trend, finally breaking through after grinding away for years – and their dedicated stan networks have meant that, despite setbacks and creative lulls, they’ve always had an army behind them. Stan groups also have the kind of intense, infectious energy that can act as a spark for online virality – gay Twitter was full of Brat memes long before the newspapers were.
This can come with growing pains when everyone wants to be part of the group. Chappell Roan has recently criticised the intensity of some of her fans (“it’s weird how people think that you know a person just because you see them online”). And after Brat escaped containment among XCX’s very online fans, she was forced to see the idea hijacked for very un–Brat ends: Priti Patel was labelled the “brat” Conservative leadership candidate by one Tory MP; Deutsche Bank advertised for “a brat in finance” in an Instagram recruiting post. But in general, a world in which an artist can blow up on their sixth album is a world we should want to live in. It’s fun, it’s unpredictable, and it adds a dash of variety to a parade of megastars and one-hit wonders. And it proves the cliché true: it takes years to become an overnight success.
See More Stories
Condé Nast Britain
© 2025 Condé Nast