At just 22-years-old, Billie Eilish has accomplished more than most recording artists will in their entire lives.
Over the past decade, the “Bad Guy” singer released two number one albums, hosted “Saturday Night Live” and collected nine Grammy Awards and two Academy Awards to name just a few of her many impressive achievements.
This year, she’s going back for more.
Eilish just announced she is embarking on the worldwide ‘HIT ME HARD AND SOFT: THE TOUR’ in support of her upcoming album with the same name, due out May 17.
The worldwide tour includes a stop at Newark, NJ’s Prudential Center on Wednesday, Oct. 9 as well a trio of back-to-back-to-back gigs at New York City’s Madison Square Garden on Oct. 16-18.
After Eilish wraps the North American leg of ‘HIT ME HARD AND SOFT,’ she’s slated to perform at venues all over the world including in Australia, Sweden, Germany, France, and the United Kingdom.
Her 10-month run concludes at Dublin’s 3Arena on July 27, 2025.
If you want tickets to see Eilish deliver the hits as well as debut tracks from her new album live this year, tickets for all U.S. and Canadian concerts can be found as soon as today.
Fans can now purchase tickets on sites like Vivid Seats; the official on-sale is May 3.
Vivid Seats is a secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand.
They have a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and will be delivered before the event.
A calendar including all North American (as well as a handful of U.K. tour dates), venues, and links to buy tickets can be found below.
The most recent full set Eilish performed was at Atlanta, GA’s Midtown Music Festival in September 2023.
According to Set List FM, here’s what she took to the stage that evening:
01.) “bury a friend”02.) “I Didn’t Change My Number”03.) “NDA”04.) “Therefore I Am”05.) “my strange addiction”06.) “idontwannabeyouanymore / lovely”07.) “my future”08.) “you should see me in a crown”09.) “Billie Bossa Nova”10.) “GOLDWING”11.) “What Was I Made For?”12.) “Oxytocin / COPYCAT”13.) “ilomilo”Acoustic
14.) “i love you / Your Power”15.) “TV”
16.) “bellyache / ocean eyes”
17.) “Getting Older”18.) “Lost Cause”19.) “when the party’s over”20.) “all the good girls go to hell”21.) “everything i wanted”
22.) “bad guy”23.) “Happier Than Ever”
As noted above, Eilish is dropping her third studio album ‘HIT ME HARD AND SOFT’ on May 17. She has vowed not to release any singles online before the record hits shelves.
In the meantime, fans can pore over her discography here.
This is a big year for live music.
Case in point, here are just five icons on the road — with Eilish-like sensibilities — these next few months.
• Olivia Rodrigo
• Melanie Martinez
• Madison Beer
• Tate McRae
• Conan Gray
Who else is on the road? Take a gander at our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 to find out.
This article was written by Matt Levy, New York Post live events reporter. Levy stays up-to-date on all the latest tour announcements from your favorite musical artists and comedians, as well as Broadway openings, sporting events and more live shows – and finds great ticket prices online. Since he started his tenure at the Post in 2022, Levy has reviewed a Bruce Springsteen concert and interviewed Melissa Villaseñor of SNL fame, to name a few. Please note that deals can expire, and all prices are subject to change