Five new shows have been scheduled for the UK and Ireland next summer
Alanis Morissette has announced details of a new UK and European tour, and left a gap around the time of Glastonbury 2025. Find ticket details below.
The Canadian singer-songwriter has shared 16 new tour dates for next summer, kicking off at Bergenfest in Norway on June 11. From there, she will embark on more festival slots across Denmark, Sweden, Germany, Poland, Italy, the Netherlands and more.
Five shows across the UK and Ireland have been scheduled too, launching with a headline show at Malahide Castle in Dublin on June 29, and followed by a stop at Belfast’s Ormeau Park the following day (June 30).
The remaining shows include slots at Cardiff, Lancashire and Glasgow on July 2, 4 and 5 respectively. After that, she’ll wrap up the dates with two final shows in Spain, which will take place in Coruna and Barcelona.
It’s worth noting that the gap between the show in Amsterdam and the following show in Dublin leaves a space from June 26 until June 28 – the same period of time that Glastonbury 2025 will be held.
Find tickets to the headline shows here, with the on-sale commencing on Friday (October 25) at 9am BST and 10am CEST.
A post shared by Alanis Morissette (@alanis)
JUNE
11 – Bergen, Bergenhus Fortress (Norway)
13 – Egeskov, Castle and Gardens (Denmark)
15 – Stockholm, Grona Lund Tivoli (Sweden)
17 – Berlin, Zitadelle Spandau (Germany)
19 – Warsaw, Torwar Arena (Poland)
21 – Prague, Exhibition Grounds (Czech Republic)
22 – Codroipo, Villa Manin (Italy)
24- Esch Sur Alzette Rockhal (Luxembourg)
25 – Amsterdam, Ziggo Dome (Netherlands)
29 – Dublin, Malahide Castle
30 – Belfast, Ormeau Park
JULY 
2 – Cardiff, Castle
4 – Lancashire, Lytham Festival, Lytham Green
5 – Glasgow OVO Hydro
9 – Coruna, Coliseum (Spain)
12 – Barcelona, Cruilla Festival (Spain)
It was previously announced that the show in Lancashire on July 4 will be held as part of the Lytham Festival 2025, and will see Morissette perform alongside acts including Justin Timberlake, Simple Minds, Texas and more.
Before she embarks on the UK and European dates, she has already announced shows planned for South America earlier in the year, which include stops at Lollapalooza in Brazil, Argentina and Chile throughout March.
Her last release was last November’s EP, ‘Last Christmas’, and that marked her first release since the mediation LP ‘The Storm Before The Calm’, which arrived the year prior. Before then, she shared ‘Such Pretty Forks In The Road’ in 2020.
At time of writing nothing has been announced about whether or not Alanis Morissette will be making an appearance at Glasto 2025, and rumours have also been circulating around who will be the three headliners at next year’s event.
Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo and Green Day are among those who have made the list, and the latter recently added fuel to the fire by sharing their only European dates for 2025 so far. The scheduled shows leave space for the Glastonbury weekend.
Co-organiser Emily Eavis confirmed this summer that she was already in talks with artists for next year, and the punk trio are among the favourites.
Glastonbury Festival at Worthy Farm in Somerset, 2023. CREDIT: Ben Birchall/PA Images via Getty Images
Oasis were also one of the names fans were quick to throw into the mix – following their reunion last month and upcoming 2025 tour dates. However, Liam and Noel Gallagher soon put a damper on the prospect, clarifying that they would not be playing any shows outside of their headline tour dates.
As for who could be chosen for the historic Sunday Legends slot, Billy Ocean, Cher, Spice Girls, Sheryl Crow, Stevie Nicks and Annie Lennox have all had their names thrown into the mix.
Check out the full list of rumoured headliners here.
Recently, organisers announced that coach and ticket packages for Glastonbury 2025 will go on sale at 6pm (GMT) on November 14, followed by standard tickets at 6pm (GMT) on November 17. As always, you’ll need to register before buying tickets and general admission tickets will be £373.50 plus a £5 booking fee. Find out more about the sale here.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.