e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Sabrina Carpenter fans are getting a little extra summer treat right before her highly anticipated studio album “Short n’ Sweet.”
Complex LA will host an immersive pop-up from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. from Friday, Aug. 23, to Sunday, Aug. 25, where fans can shop for exclusive Carpenter merchandise, including t-shirts, baby tanks, crewnecks, totes, hats, CDs, vinyl records and more.
The pop-ups at Complex LA are part of a series of events all timed to new album releases, which kicked off in May. The space, located at 433 N Fairfax Ave Los Angeles, has hosted exclusive pop-ups for Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish, Eminem, Karol G, and Ivan Cornejo, with additional artists to be announced soon. Early arrival for each pop-up is highly recommended to increase entry chances.
The “Nonsense” hitmaker, who’s one of this year’s hottest pop acts along with Chappell Roan and Charli XCX, is gearing up to release her sixth full-length album, “Short n’ Sweet,” Friday, Aug. 23. The LP is comprised of 12 songs with unreleased titles including “Dumb & Poetic,” “Lie to Girls” and more.
SEE ALSO: Weird Al on new music, Sabrina Carpenter, a decade of ‘Mandatory Fun’ and 40 years of ‘Eat It’
She will promote the album later this year with tour stops in SoCal, including the Pechanga Arena in San Diego on Sunday, Nov. 10, Crypto.com Arena in Inglewood on Friday, Nov. 15, and The Kia Forum in Inglewood on Sunday, Nov. 17, and Monday, Nov. 18.
Carpenter dropped “Espresso,” the first single off her upcoming album, right before her Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival performances in April. It became her first top-20 hit on Billboard’s Hot 100 and consistently stayed in the top 10. However, it was the release of her second single, “Please Please Please” that gained the pop singer her first career number-one hit on the Billboard charts. The music video for the megahit stars Carpenter and her real-life beau, “Saltburn” star Barry Keoghan, caught in the throes of a jailbird romance.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group