"The Voice" is back for Season 26 as legendary rapper Snoop Dogg and Grammy-winning crooner Michael Buble claim their big red chairs. They join returning coaches Gwen Stefani and Reba McEntire. Who will reign supreme as they vie to discover and coach the next singing phenomenon? 
The four-time Emmy Award-winning musical competition series “The Voice” returns with the strongest vocalists from across the country invited to compete in the show’s newest season, premiering September 23 on NBC (8pm PT/ET). The show’s innovative format features five stages of competition: Blind Auditions, Battle Rounds, Knockouts, Playoffs and Live Performance Shows. 
SEE 'The Voice' winner Asher HaVon: 'I could feel Reba's heart' [Exclusive Video Interview]
Below, read our minute-by-minute "The Voice" recap of Season 26, Episode 1 to find out what happened Monday, September 23 at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT. Then be sure to sound off in the comments section about your favorite artists on NBC's long-running reality TV show, which coach you're rooting for and who you think will ultimately join "The Voice" winners list for this 26th season. Carson Daly hosts the Emmy-winning program.
Keep refreshing/reloading this "The Voice" live blog for the most recent updates.
8:00 p.m. - "Previously on 'The Voice'!" In last season's finale, Alabama native Asher HaVon of Team Reba ended up taking home the "Voice" trophy, giving the coach her first championship. Josh Sanders of Team Reba was the runner-up, followed by Bryan Olesen of Team John Legend in third, Nathan Chester of Team Legend in fourth and Karen Waldrup of Team Dan + Shay in fifth. But enough about last season, it's time to start the Season 26 blind auditions!
8:02 p.m. - The first artist of the night was a father with an "accept the chaos" mentality when it comes to juggling the needs of raising four children. Jake Tankersley from Oklahoma sang "Something in the Orange" for his blind audition, earning chair turns from Snoop and Gwen almost immediately. When hitting her button, Gwen also blocked Reba, who was next to hit her button just before Michael hit his, making Jake's audition a four chair turn. Snoop pointed out all the country artists he's done records with and said that joining his team would "shake up the world." Gwen explained that she blocked Reba because she's from Oklahoma now, too, and that she a loves his "low, gravelly voice." Michael underscored that he wrote Blake Shelton's song "Home" and so he's still a good choice for a country artist. Snoop returned to emphasize that in "show business," he's the coach that represents "show and business." That may have been the clincher for Jake to become the first ever member of Team Snoop.
8:13 p.m. - Carson explained a new option for the coaches this season called the Coach's Replay button. This new feature gives them the chance to hit their button for an artist they didn't originally turn around for even after the audition has concluded and they've turned around. They each only have one chance to use this button.
8:14 p.m. - Next up was Sofronio Vasquez from The Philippines, an artist that honed his vocal ability growing up singing karaoke with his family and community. Sofronio became the second consecutive four chair turn very quickly into his rendition of "I'm Goin' Down." Reba admitted that she's "a little worried" about a pairing between the two of them, but called his voice "like butter" and said she was touched to the heart by his "soulfulness." Gwen said she can help him find music that is his identity on the show, Michael emphasized his deep relationship with The Philippines and said he was getting emotional over his singing, and Snoop wanted Sofronio to see him as the soul coach that can help him "get bigger, get better." Michael began a chant throughout the crowd to "make some noise" and encourage Sofronio to join his team... which he did! Sofronio became the first ever member of Team Buble.
8:27 p.m. - Ahead of Jan Dan's audition to "Almost Doesn't Count," Michael predicted that he and Gwen would be going head to head soon. Sure enough, they both hit their buttons quickly and had to face off just the two of them. Gwen told Jan that she can help him with his stage performance and connecting to his audience through facial expressions. After Gwen had Jan perform again working on his face, Michael admitted that she helped him get better in "just three seconds" and was blown away. With the support of both Snoop and Reba, Jan made the decision to pick Gwen as his coach for the season.
8:39 p.m. - The next artist was Ravs, the front woman of a seven piece band, that worked with her boyfriend to create a custom-painted jacket for the coaches. Her blind audition of "Say So" was an attempt to court Snoop with her rapping talents. Unfortunately, Snoop and the other coaches kept their chairs backwards. Reba thought she could have chosen a better song to show her range and Gwen suggested she watch herself back to lear about the bumps. Despite him not picking her, Ravs gave the painted jacket to Snoop and he bestowed upon her one of his Death Row Records necklaces, but didn't use his replay on her.
8:48 p.m. - Diagnosis of an auto-immune disease is what Danny Joseph explained brought him back to music and realized that the show is a "second chance at life again." He impressed Snoop, Reba and Michael with "I Put a Spell on You," but Snoop used his block on Michael and then Gwen hit her button as well at the very end of the performance for yet another four chair turn. Reba called out his "amazing range" and "very powerful voice," Gwen said he's one of the most "secure" singers so far, and Michael said he has great control over his voice. In order to get the focus on him, Snoop hit his smoke button to cover the rest of the coaches in smoke while he told Danny that he's the best coach on the panel. Danny went with "what [he] feels right now in [his] heart" and joined Team Reba.
9:00 p.m. - The next artist, Ben Fagerstedt, is a huge Michael Buble fan and in fact got to sing a song with him from the audience during one of his shows so he was hoping that the same song would attract Michael to picking him. That song, "I've Got You Under My Skin," had Michael on the edge of his seat, but he and the other coaches held back. Snoop said he didn't turn because Michael didn't turn. Michael said he has a "really strong voice," but that he was missing the technical aspects of the genre and thinks he should come back with a pop song instead. Still, Michael joined him on stage to sing the song again together.
9:10 p.m. - It took a full verse for Snoop to get hooked into "On & On" by Torre Blake and only a little longer for Gwen to join the battle. Michael admitted that he didn't turn because Snoop already had. Gwen commented on Torre's "airy" voice, but thinks she can coach her to find "a little bit more you" in her performance. Snoop said she's "smooth" and that's why he turned his chair. Torre's dad came out on stage to help her make the decision to join Team Snoop.
9:20 p.m. - Despite coming from a musical family, Kendall Eugene described being thrown off from a music career because of life experiences like his mom's paralysis and becoming a father earlier than expected. His blind audition of "Don't Thank Jesus" was his chance to get a new start for himself. The slow, simple song did not impress any of the coaches so Kendall didn't get a chair turn. Gwen noticed "some tuning things going on" and Michael suggested he might have turned on a different song. Snoop said he didn't turn because Reba didn't, but Reba was left wondering why she didn't. After Snoop finished speaking, Reba decided to use her replay button and brought Kendall over to her team because she believes in him.
9:31 p.m. - Kiara Vega brought her identical twin sister to the show to watch her audition to Spanish-language song "Amor Eterno." Michael hit his button first, followed by Snoop and Reba. Michael said he "loved every moment" and called her "the biggest surprise." Gwen thought there was tuning issues and that's why she didn't turn her chair. Reba didn't understand the words, but she sang it so beautifully that she could feel the feeling. Snoop asked Kiara about the different genres she performs in before Michael started speaking to her in Spanish about all the Latin artists that he's familiar with. As her sister was predicting from side-stage, Kiara became the newest member of Team Buble.
9:42 p.m. - 16 year old singer and songwriter Chrisdeo described the difficulty of getting to pursue her dream growing up in a rough Queens neighborhood before getting chair turns from Snoop and Michael with her audition of "I Won't Give Up." Gwen likes her angelic voice, but could tell she doesn't have the experience. Michael related to Chrisdeo in the shared experience of singing from a young age in spaces that no one was excited to see them and Snoop said he knew to turn because of her first notes in the song, but that it was her story that really drew him in to wanting her to choose him. Snoop was elated once the young singer chose to join his team.
9:53 p.m. - The final audition of the night came from 15 year old Sydney Sterlace on the track "Driver's License." Reba was the last to turn her chair in the latest four chair turn audition of the season that got a standing ovation from Michael, Gwen and Snoop. Gwen wanted to remind Sydney that Olivia Rodrigo joined her on stage at Coachella and wants to help her saturate her style in her own way. Michael thought it's okay that she sounds like Olivia and described his own experience borrowing and to "stand on the shoulders" of the artists they love. Snoop thought she "held control of the audience" and promised a "blank canvas" for her as a coach. Reba noticed her inner maturity that came through her set. For some reason, Gwen brought a kitten out to the stage and told Sydney the cat's name is Sydney and for some other reason that may have helped Sydney choose Team Gwen.
Gwen handled the kitten like a freaking prop.
Thank you for the detailed recap! I truly appreciate it. If it’s not too much trouble, could you kindly share the title of the song playing during Sofronio Vasquez’s life story narration? I tried using song identifier apps, but they don’t seem to be working. Thank you so much!
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media