By Glenn Garner 
Associate Editor

	As Chappell Roan adjusts to a life of fame, the pop star an ally in fellow musician Miley Cyrus, who empathizes with her experience.

	The 2x Grammy winner was one of several celebrities to reach out to the Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess artist after Roan opened up on social media about her need to set boundaries with fans.

	“I wish people would not give her a hard time,” Cyrus told Harper’s Bazaar. “It’s probably really hard coming into this business with phones and Instagram. That wasn’t always a part of my life, and I’m not a part of it now. I don’t even have my Instagram password.”

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	Roan previously opened up on social media about her need to “draw lines and set boundaries” after encountering “predatory behavior disguised as ‘superfan’ behavior” from some of her “creepy” followers.

	“I’ve been in too many nonconsensual physical and social interactions, and I just need to lay it out and remind you, women don’t owe you s—,” she explained on Instagram. “I chose this career path because I love music and art and honoring my inner child. I do not accept harassment of any kind because I chose this path, nor do I deserve it.”

	In September, Roan revealed she was recently diagnosed with severe depression. She subsequently cancelled her All Things Go Music Festival performance after an “overwhelming” few weeks, explaining she needed “a few days to prioritize my health.”

	The ‘Pink Pony Club’ artist has also had it out with photographers on multiple red carpets. While attending last month’s Netflix world premiere of the Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour concert documentary, the artist zeroed in on one shutterbug and pointed her finger before walking over to give them a piece of her mind in a video shared to social media.

	“You were so disrespectful to me at the Grammys. You yelled at me at the Grammy party. I remember, you were so rude to me. And I deserve an apology for that,” said Roan in the clip. “You need to apologize to me.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.