Taylor Swift endorsed Kamala Harris for president moments after the end of Tuesday night's presidential debate against Donald Trump.
The pop star made her announcement in an Instagram post signed as "Childless Cat Lady" - a reference to comments by Trump's running mate JD Vance.
Her post, breaking her silence on the 2024 vote, explained: "I'm voting for @kamalaharris because she fights for the rights and causes I believe need a warrior to champion them."
Within 24 hours of her announcement, nearly 340,000 people had visited the voter registration website, vote.gov, using a custom link created and shared by Swift.
Swift, who also backed Democratic President Joe Biden in 2020, called Harris a "steady-handed, gifted leader".
She added: "I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos."
Swift's text was accompanied by a photo of her with a cat. Her "Childless Cat Lady" comment was a nod to remarks made in 2021 by Vance, who is Trump's candidate for vice-president.
Ancient Egypt to Taylor Swift: The historic roots of the 'cat lady'
Vance, the Ohio senator, has faced a backlash for a clip in which he called several prominent Democrats - including Harris - "a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives". He recently said his comments were "sarcastic".
Swift went on to compliment Harris's choice of vice-presidential candidate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walz, who she said had been "been standing up for LGBTQ+ rights, IVF, and a woman's right to her own body for decades".
The singer said she was in part motivated to share her voting decision with the public after an AI image of her falsely endorsing Trump was posted on his website.
"It really conjured up my fears around AI, and the dangers of spreading misinformation," she said. "It brought me to the conclusion that I need to be very transparent about my actual plans for this election as a voter."
Trump went on to embrace the fake images in a post that sparked a backlash among Swift's fans - or Swifties - who accused Trump of spreading misinformation.
In response to Swift's endorsement of Harris, Trump told Fox News that "was not a Taylor Swift fan." 
He called her a "very liberal person" and said that she will "pay the price for it in the marketplace."
ANALYSIS: Who won the Harris-Trump debate?
WATCH: Key moments from presidential debate
LIVE: Kamala Harris puts Donald Trump on defensive
VERIFY: Eating pets, inflation, abortion - claims fact-checked
TRACKER: Who is winning US election polls, Trump or Harris?
Trump supporter Elon Musk, known to be the father of 12 children, posted on his social-media platform X (formerly Twitter): "Fine Taylor … you win … I will give you a child and guard your cats with my life."
Meanwhile, Harris's running mate Walz told MSNBC on Tuesday night after learning about the endorsement he was grateful to Swift "as a fellow cat owner."
Swift is one of several celebrities to endorse Harris, including singers John Legend and Olivia Rodrigo, actor George Clooney and director Spike Lee.
Meanwhile, former wrestler Hulk Hogan, TV star Amber Rose and billionaire Elon Musk have endorsed Trump.
Swift's intervention came after a fiery 90-minute presidential debate, during which the two candidates sparred over issues such as abortion rights, the economy and immigration.
It is not the first time the pop star has endorsed the Democratic nominee in a race against Trump. Swift announced her support for President Joe Biden and Harris as his vice-president a month before the 2020 election.
Swift was also a vocal critic of Trump during his presidency surrounding the nationwide protests over the police murder of George Floyd.
"After stoking the fires of white supremacy and racism your entire presidency, you have the nerve to feign moral superiority before threatening violence?" she posted on Twitter/X. "We will vote you out in November."
This video can not be played
Watch highlights from Trump-Harris clash
Noting Swift's political past, one academic who studies the intersection of media and politics suggested that the endorsement was unlikely to move the needle in Harris's favour.
"No surprise at all, she endorsed Biden and Harris in 2020 so we already knew her politics," said Lauren Rosewarne, a University of Melbourne professor.
Swift's endorsement could impact voter registration, Ms Rosewarne told the BBC. But because her fan-base skews young and female - and that is already the Harris supporter base - her endorsement may not have a big impact come November. 
The singer has 283 million followers on Instagram. Her endorsement has received more than 4.5 million likes on Instagram less than three hours after she posted it.
In her post, Swift urged first-time voters to register and said she would post a link with more voting information on her page.
"I've done my research, and I've made my choice," she said. "Your research is all yours to do, and the choice is yours to make."
13 Times Taylor Swift Made History
SIMPLE GUIDE: Everything you need to know about the vote
EXPLAINER: Seven swing states that could decide election
FACT CHECK: Was US economy stronger under Biden or Trump?
IMMIGRATION: Could Trump really deport a million migrants?
North America correspondent Anthony Zurcher makes sense of the race for the White House in his weekly US Election Unspun newsletter. 
Readers in the UK can sign up here. Those outside the UK can sign up here.
PM Albanese hails 'vote for Australian values' after landslide election win
'Trump was the game-changer': Three things to know about the Australian election result
Fourteen children arrested over boy's fire death
Fear and loathing over van dwellers on Bristol's leafy streets
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Chris Mason: Fireworks for Reform as Labour and Tories write election post-mortems
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
Harry's emotional avalanche hits the Royal Family
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Five things you may have missed in Sycamore Gap trial
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.