The music docuseries follows the intense process to build a global girl group.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Netflix's latest must-watch docuseries, Pop Star Academy: KATSEYE, is a behind-the-scenes look at a new kind of girl group. In 2021, two of the biggest labels in the world—HYBE, the K-pop juggernaut behind groups like BTS, and Geffen Records, home to Olivia Rodrigo and Camilla Cabello—set out to form a new global girl group, recruiting singers and dancers from around the world to be trained under the traditional K-pop system. Out of 120,000 submissions, 20 girls were chosen to compete on The Debut: Dream Academy, a survival show that would use fan votes to choose which talented contestants would debut under the six-member group, KATSEYE.
The new eight-episode series takes viewers along on the journey to form the band, from the trainees' first lessons to Dream Academy's live finale. For over a year, cameras were rolling as the young hopefuls worked through doubt, homesickness, and even injury in hopes of pop stardom. Below, read on to meet the captivating trainees of Pop Star Academy: KATSEYE, including the six members who made their official debut earlier this summer.
A post shared by daniela avanzini (@daniela_avanzini)
A photo posted by on 
Daniela, 19, had previous experience with reality TV before joining Dream Academy; she competed as a ballroom dancer on the 13th season of So You Think You Can Dance at age 11. The Atlanta native, who is bilingual in English and Spanish, has also competed in dance at the international level and was constantly ranked near the top for dance among the trainees.
Daniela came in third place on The Debut: Dream Academy and debuted as a member of KATSEYE.
Instagram: @daniela_avanzini
A post shared by LARA RAJ (@lararajj)
A photo posted by on 
First-generation Indian-American Lara was a 17-year-old high-schooler when she was recruited to join Dream Academy, due to her vocal talent and star quality. She had previously worked in TV, and in 2018, she appeared in a campaign for Michelle Obama’s Global Girls Alliance. The L.A.-raised singer quickly became a fan favorite, as she proudly highlighted her Indian culture in her styling and on social media.
Lara came in second place on The Debut: Dream Academy and debuted as a member of KATSEYE.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Instagram: @lararajj
A post shared by manon (@meretmanon)
A photo posted by on 
Manon, 22, was working as a model in her native Switzerland when she caught the eye of casting and was recruited to join Pop Star Academy. Before the docuseries, Manon began writing songs at 15-years-old; per her Netflix bio, "having so many cultures in her life—her mother is Swiss and Italian, and her father is Ghanian—has given her confidence." She trained for a year before becoming a fan favorite on Dream Academy, though she came into conflict with the other trainees due to differences in work ethic.
Manon came in sixth place on The Debut: Dream Academy and debuted as a member of KATSEYE.
Instagram: @meretmanon
A post shared by MEGAN MEIYOK SKIENDIEL (@meganskiendiel)
A photo posted by on 
Megan, 18, was born in Hawaii and grew up between Honolulu and L.A. Per her Netflix bio, she first learned Hula and Tahitian dance when she was 2 and worked as an international model. After joining Pop Star Academy through the global audition, Megan trained for over a year and became a standout contestant on Dream Academy.
Megan came in fifth place on The Debut: Dream Academy and debuted as a member of KATSEYE.
Instagram: @meganskiendiel
A post shared by Sophia Laforteza (@sophia_laforteza)
A photo posted by on 
21-year-old singer Sophia was born in New York and grew up in Manila, Philippines, where she began singing at age 3 and dancing at age 5. Her mother is Carla Guevara Laforteza, a renowned singer and actress; despite her mother's fame, Sophia passed the global audition on her own while keeping it a secret from her parents. She trained in L.A. for over a year and eventually became a fan-favorite on Dream Academy, where she placed in the top 2 for all missions.
Sophia came in first place on The Debut: Dream Academy and debuted as the leader of KATSEYE.
Instagram: @sophia_laforteza
Yoonchae is a 16-year-old singer from South Korea, who first passed auditions to become a K-pop trainee in 2020, after becoming a fan of BTS. She joined Hybe x Geffen ahead of Dream Academy and quickly became a frontrunner in the competition.
Yoonchae came in fourth place on The Debut: Dream Academy and debuted as the maknae (youngest member) of KATSEYE.
Instagram: @y0on_cha3
A post shared by ABBY PARADISE (@abby.saltzman)
A photo posted by on 
According to her Netflix bio, Abby grew up in the small mining town of Red Cliff, Colorado "with no cell service and really long winters where snowmobiles were the vehicle of choice." She was 17 when she became a trainee, and though she is the first to be cut from the program, she does form a bond with her fellow trainees and vocal coach.
Abby's now releasing music as a solo artist, under the moniker Abby Paradise.
Instagram: @abby.saltzman; TikTok: @abbyparadiseiscute
A post shared by ADÉLA JERGOVÁ (@adelajergova)
A photo posted by on 
Adéla moves from her native Slovakia to L.A., to become a trainee at age 19. The singer-songwriter and former ballet dancer quickly stands out on Pop Star Academy, as both a talented artist and a mother figure among the younger trainees. While she does become a cast member of The Debut: Dream Academy, she is eliminated after the first round.
Adéla stayed in L.A. after Dream Academy, and actively posts singing covers on social media.
Instagram: @adelajergova; TikTok: @adelajergova
A post shared by Brooklyn Van Zandt (@houseofbrooklyn)
A photo posted by on 
Brooklyn, 18, is a Texas-born singer-songwriter, model, and content creator who began modeling as a toddler and started writing songs when she was eight, per her official bio. She's eliminated from Dream Academy after Mission 2.
Brooklyn is currently a solo artist based in L.A.
Instagram: @houseofbrooklyn; TikTok: @houseofbrooklyn
Celeste, 20, is an Argentinian singer who made it through Mission 3 on Dream Academy before being eliminated ahead of the live finale. She is currently based in L.A.
Instagram: @celestee._4
A post shared by em (@emilykelavos)
A photo posted by on 
Emily, 18, is a professional dancer and actress who has competed and worked in the dance world since she was 5. The Dallas native previously appeared on shows including This Is Us and Fresh Off the Boat, and she made her acting debut in the 2015 horror movie The Lazarus Effect. She was one of the top dance trainees throughout Pop Star Academy, and she made it to Dream Academy's live finale, where she came in ninth place.
Emily currently works as a professional dancer and influencer, and regularly posts dance videos (including collaborations with dance coach Nikky Palmero) on social media.
Instagram: @emilykevalos; TikTok: @emilykevalos
A post shared by EZRELA (@ezrelaa)
A photo posted by on 
Ezrela, 21, is an Australian singer. She was in the initial trainee group followed by Pop Star Academy. Per her Netflix bio, she speaks four languages including English and Korean, and she studied animation and sound design at university. She made it to the final live round of Dream Academy, where she came in eighth place.
Instagram: @ezrelaa; TikTok: @its.ezy
Hinari is 14 when she becomes a contestant on Dream Academy, having joined the competition as a trainee from Japan. Unfortunately, partly due to struggling as a new trainee, she was eliminated after Mission 1.
A post shared by ✧ ILIYA ✧ (@iliya.ria)
A photo posted by on 
Iliya, 22, is a singer and influencer best known for posting covers on her TikTok, which has 2.9 million followers. Born in Belarus, Iliya had never danced nor taken lessons before joining the first group of trainees for Pop Star Academy. Despite gaining confidence in her dancing over the year of training, she was eliminated following Mission 2 in Dream Academy.
Iliya still works as an influencer posting singing covers on her Instagram and TikTok.
Instagram: @iliya.ria; TikTok: @riais4air
A post shared by KARLEE (@gnarly.karlee)
A photo posted by on 
Karlee is a 20-year-old singer-songwriter and dancer of Korean and Japanese heritage who grew up in Honolulu, Hawaii. After over a year of training, she became a contestant on Dream Academy and was eliminated after Mission 2.
Today, Karlee often posts song covers and performance videos on social media.
Instagram: @gnarly.karlee; TikTok: @gnarly.karleeee
A post shared by LEXIE (@levin_lexie)
A photo posted by on 
Lexie, 19, is a singer from Stockholm, Sweden, who joined Pop Star Academy as part of Hybe x Geffen's initial global audition. Though she was considered a frontrunner, Lexie decided to leave Dream Academy after the harsh elimination following Mission 2.
Lexie currently seems to work as a model in Stockholm.
Instagram: @levin_lexie
Marquise is an 18-year-old singer from Bangkok, Thailand, who joins the trainees ahead of Dream Academy. She makes it to the live finale, where she comes in 10th place.
It's unclear what Marquise is currently up to, though she's rumored to be a K-pop trainee, as she has not been active on social media since last January.
Instagram: @marquiseaura; TikTok: @marquiseaura
Mei is an 18-year-old Japanese trainee who joins the trainees ahead of Dream Academy. She was eventually eliminated after Mission 2.
A post shared by Naisha Dos Santos (@naishawaters)
A photo posted by on 
Naisha, 19, is a Brazilian hip-hop dancer who joins Pop Star Academy from the global audition. Though she made it through the early monthly evaluations, she was eventually dropped from training after she violated Hybe and Geffen's confidentiality by posting an original song on social media.
According to social media, she is now based in London and L.A., and often posts dance videos online.
Instagram: @naishawaters
A post shared by Na Young 이나영 (@160.0_0)
A photo posted by on 
Nayoung, a 21-year-old trainee from South Korea, has been part of several Korean reality shows, including The Voice of Korea 2020 and The Legend, New Singer. She joined the trainees shortly before Dream Academy and quickly became a frontrunner due to her vocal talent. However, she was eventually eliminated after Mission 3, partly because she had expressed her desire to become a solo artist.
Nayoung participated in the JTBC survival show Girls on Fire earlier this year, and eventually won first place. She will debut as part of the show's winning girl group.
Instagram: @160.0_0
A post shared by S A M A R A (@samisiqueiraa)
A photo posted by on 
Samara is an 18-year-old singer and dancer from São Paulo, Brazil, who joins the trainees later in the training period and becomes a fan-favorite on Dream Academy due to her vocals. She makes it to the survival show's live finale, where she comes in seventh place.
Samara is still actively training as a pop star and often posts singing and dancing videos on social media.
Instagram: @samisiqueiraa; TikTok: @samisiqueiraa
Ua is a 16-year-old competitive dancer who joined Dream Academy as a Japanese trainee. She was eliminated after Mission 3.
Quinci is a Culture Writer who covers all aspects of pop culture, including TV, movies, music, books, and theater. She contributes interviews with talent, as well as SEO content, features, and trend stories. She fell in love with storytelling at a young age, and eventually discovered her love for cultural criticism and amplifying awareness for underrepresented storytellers across the arts. She previously served as a weekend editor for Harper’s Bazaar, where she covered breaking news and live events for the brand’s website, and helped run the brand’s social media platforms, including Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter. Her freelance writing has also appeared in outlets including HuffPost, The A.V. Club, Elle, Vulture, Salon, Teen Vogue, and others. Quinci earned her degree in English and Psychology from The University of New Mexico. She was a 2021 Eugene O’Neill Critics Institute fellow, and she is a member of the Television Critics Association. She is currently based in her hometown of Los Angeles. When she isn't writing or checking Twitter way too often, you can find her studying Korean while watching the latest K-drama, recommending her favorite shows and films to family and friends, or giving a concert performance while sitting in L.A. traffic.

This bag is a $33,000 flex.


\201cI have to be Disneyland for them."


It's time for an upgrade.


We're getting serious vacation envy from Tina Fey's latest comedy.


Watch these hidden gems when your Netflix queue feels like a black hole.


Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


From '00s favorites to short-lived hidden gems.


In another actor's hands, a twin-swapping storyline in a serial killer series could easily fall into over-the-top, no-way-in-hell-is-that-real territory. But Camp brings deep empathy and zingy humor to the final season of 'You.'


Fans are clamoring for more after that shocking cliffhanger.


For the armchair detectives among us.


Stars Park Ji-hoon, Ryeo-un, Choi Min-yeong, and Lee Min-jae have a lot of thoughts about the K-drama's epic finale.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.