It’s time to say “Hello” all over again.
After a brief hiatus from her ongoing Caesars Palace residency, Adele is returning to her home away from home for a pair of concerts on Friday, Jan. 19 and Saturday, Jan. 20.
From there, ‘Weekends with Adele’ will run until June 15.
“This residency, these shows have changed my life,” the 12-time Grammy winner shared on Instagram.
“I desperately needed to fall back in love with performing live again, and I have…all the hilarious, soulful, wild and heartbreaking interactions we’ve had are banked in my mind for life. The looks on your faces, seeing you laugh and cry together singing your hearts out and hoarding bags of confetti. All the simi dolls, friendship bracelets, flowers, FaceTime calls and flags.”
And if you want to witness one of the world’s greatest living vocalists’ one of a kind show live, it isn’t too late to pick up last-minute tickets for her 32 Sin City concerts in 2024.
They are fairly expensive, though.
The cheapest ticket we could find for any Adele show was $488 before fees on Vivid Seats at the time of publication.
Prices start anywhere from $548 to $1217 before fees for all other gigs.
If you’re curious how much tickets will set you back for the show of your choosing, keep “scrolling in the deep.”
We’ve got everything you need to know and more about Adele’s ‘Weekends with Adele’ Las Vegas residency below.
All prices listed above are subject to fluctuation.
A complete calendar including all Caesars Palace concert dates, show start times and links to the cheapest tickets available can be found here:
(Note: The New York Post confirmed all above prices at the publication time. All prices are in US dollars, subject to fluctuation and include additional fees at checkout.)
Vivid Seats is a verified secondary market ticketing platform, and prices may be higher or lower than face value, depending on demand. 
They offer a 100% buyer guarantee that states your transaction will be safe and secure and your tickets will be delivered prior to the event.
Since you’re shelling out the big bucks to see Adele live, we figure you might as well know what’s in store at the concert you go to.
Courtesy of Set List FM, here’s what you should expect to see should you attend an upcoming show based on recent gigs of hers:
01.) “Hello”02.) “Easy on Me”03.) “Turning Tables”04.) “Take It All”05.) “I Drink Wine”
06.) “Water Under the Bridge”07.) “Send My Love (to Your New Lover)”08.) “Oh My God”09.) “One and Only”10.) “Don’t You Remember”11.) “Rumour Has It”12.) “Skyfall”13.) “Hometown Glory”14.) “Love in the Dark”15.) “Set Fire to the Rain”16.) “When We Were Young”17.) “Hold On”18.) “Someone Like You”19.) “Rolling in the Deep”20.) “Love Is a Game”
Want to see Adele but aren’t sure what to expect?
We’ve got you covered.
Adele superfan Georgie Exinord dished on the show and everything you need to know about Caesars Palace to the NY Post here.
Adele may have some the most expensive tickets on the market but many popular artists are also on the road this year — and for much cheaper (well, except for Swift, of course).
Here are just five of our favorite acts you won’t want to miss live these next few months.
• Taylor Swift
• Madonna
• Olivia Rodrigo
• Pink
• Sarah McLachlan
Want to see who else is out there? Check out our list of the 50 biggest concert tours in 2024 here to find out.