ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEWARK, NEW JERSEY - SEPTEMBER 12: Olivia Rodrigo performs onstage during the 2023 MTV Video Music ... More Awards at Prudential Center on September 12, 2023 in Newark, New Jersey. Two of Olivia Rodrigo's biggest hits—"Bad Idea, Right" and "Can't Catch Me Now"—both return to the top 10 on several charts this week. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images for MTV)
Even when she’s in between albums and not promoting anything, Olivia Rodrigo still manages to score hits. The singer-songwriter sees several of her most popular tunes find their way back to the highest tier on the U.K. charts this week—and they all manage to re-enter the top 10 on more than one list.
Rodrigo brings both “Bad Idea, Right” and “Can’t Catch Me Now” back to multiple musical rankings in the United Kingdom this week. Those smashes both manage to hit the top 10 on at least two rosters, and one of them even completes a perfect trifecta and breaks back onto three rosters, inserting itself into the loftiest space once more.
“Bad Idea, Right” is the top gainer between the two tunes, and it’s the only one that soars to the top of the charts. The Guts single rules the Official Vinyl Singles chart, where it returns at No. 1. It’s new to that position, and it gives Rodrigo her third career champion on the wax-only list.
The same smash is also a top 10 win again on both the Official Physical Singles and Official Singles Sales charts. Rodrigo’s globally adored cut is back at No. 5 on the former, while it lands two spaces lower on the list of the bestselling tracks of any style and on any format in the U.K.
Meanwhile, “Can’t Catch Me Now” is also back in the top 10 on two of those three tallies. Rodrigo’s tune, which was written and recorded for the latest movie set in the Hunger Games universe, re-enters the Official Vinyl Singles chart at No. 4 and the Official Physical Singles list at No. 8. The track doesn’t quite make it to that arena on the Official Singles Sales roster, where it’s present again at No. 28.
In addition to her pair of comebacks, Rodrigo’s “Vampire” is also a big win again across the pond, though that’s not unusual. The lead single from her sophomore set was already present on the two charts it appears on this week. The former ruler is down slightly, from No. 6—on both the vinyl and the physical rankings—to No. 13 on the former and No. 15 on the latter.