By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Kevin Williamson’s The Waterfront has found a new resident: Topher Grace (That ’70s Show) will recur in the forthcoming Netflix family drama, our sister site Deadline reports.
Inspired by true events, The Waterfront “dives into the flawed Buckley family as their attempts to retain control of their crumbling North Carolina fishing empire drive them to increasingly dangerous means to keep themselves afloat,” reads the official logline. The series-regular cast includes Holt McCallany (Mindhunter), Maria Bello (ER), Melissa Benoist (Supergirl) and Rafael L. Silva (9-1-1: Lone Star), among others.

 





Grace will play Grady, who is described as “a shrewd and intense individual who is looking to get in business with the Buckley family.”
Ready for some more recent newsy nuggets? Well…
* Olivia Rodrigo‘s “Guts” world tour is coming to Netflix, which will debut on Tuesday, Oct. 29, a concert special taped at Los Angeles’ Intuit Dome, our sister site Variety reports.
* Joe Morton (Scandal) and Catherine Tate (Doctor Who) will recur in Fox’s upcoming comedy series Going Dutch, which stars Denis Leary, per Deadline.
* Poppy Liu (Hacks) and Chris Bauer (True Blood) will recur in the Netflix limited series His & Hers, starring Tessa Thompson, per Deadline.
* Vice Studios Group is developing Montana Boyz, a a reality series following the eponymous Internet sensations (aka Kaleb Winterburn, Mark Estes and Kade Wilcox), who lip-sync to country music and show off their rugged cowboy lifestyles.
* Max has released a trailer for Velma: This Halloween Needs to Be More Special!, premiering Thursday, Oct. 3:
Which of today’s TVLine Items pique your interest?
Comments are monitored, so don’t forkin' curse and don’t bore us with how much your coworker’s sister-in-law makes per hour. Talk smart about TV! 
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * Your email address will not be published. We will notify you when someone replies.
Δ
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.