By EMILY HAWKINS  
 Updated:  07:35, 4 January 2024   
 3
View  comments
Tesco and Sainsbury’s have emerged as the biggest winners among British supermarkets this Christmas alongside Aldi and Lidl. 
The pair were the only traditional grocers to gain market share over the 12 weeks to December 24, according to data from the industry group Kantar. 
Shoppers also flocked to Aldi and Lidl in greater numbers. It came as the industry celebrated its busiest Christmas since 2019, with shoppers spending a record £13.7bn last month alone – or £477 per household. 
Tesco and Sainsbury's were the only traditional grocers to gain market share over the 12 weeks to December 24
Business was boosted as stores kept a lid on prices. Kantar said supermarket prices were 6.7pc higher last month than a year earlier, the smallest increase since April 2022. 
It was also sharply lower than the 9.1pc rise seen in November and marked the fastest month-on-month fall in grocery price inflation on record. 
Susannah Streeter, head of money and markets at Hargreaves Lansdown, said: ‘Stores that screamed value at shoppers cleaned up. 
‘Lidl and Aldi saw the sharpest rise in sales, but Sainsbury’s and Tesco were not far behind thanks to their focus on slashing prices to compete.’ 
Tesco continued its reign as Britain’s biggest supermarket after sales hit £10bn for the first time during the 12-week period. 
That pushed its market share up to 27.6pc from 27.5pc a year earlier, while Sainsbury’s – the number two grocer – rose from 15.5pc to 15.8pc. 
The German discounters clinched their highest shares of the market over Christmas as Lidl hit 7.7pc, up from 7.2pc, and Aldi grew from 9.1pc to 9.3pc. 
This was in contrast to private equity-owned Asda and Morrisons, which now hold a smaller chunk of the market. 
Marks & Spencer – which is not included in the Kantar figures – is also expected to have performed well. 
Shares in Tesco rose 1.6pc, or 4.7p, to 297.8p yesterday and Sainsbury’s was up 1.5pc, or 4.5p, to 303.5p, while M&S hit a fresh five-year high – up 2.4pc, or 6.5p, to 282.5p. 
All three are scheduled to post festive trading figures next week. Retailer Next is due to set the ball rolling today, with a strong performance expected. 
AJ Bell investment director Russ Mould said: ‘The strong showing of Aldi and Lidl demonstrated again this is an industry with razor-sharp competition. 
'News of the fastest drop on record in grocery price inflation could pressure revenue growth and will add grist to the mill on calls for the Bank of England to consider interest-rate cuts.’ 
Sainsbury’s market share reached its highest level since December 2020 as sales rose 9.3pc over the 12 weeks. Tesco sales were up 7.5pc. 
Fraser McKevitt, at Kantar, said: ‘The traditional retailers always tend to do well in the run-up to Christmas, and this year was no exception.’ 
But it was a gloomier picture for the other two traditional grocers, as Asda’s share of spending dipped from 14pc to 13.6pc and Morrisons from 9.1pc to 8.8pc. 
Both have struggled under private equity ownership.
MPs are set to scrutinise the Asda takeover when directors of its co-owner TDR Capital appear before them this month.
Co-op and Waitrose also saw market share dwindle, while Ocado’s stayed flat at 1.5pc. 
CONCERTS hosted by artists including Madonna and Shania Twain helped boost visitor numbers to the O2 last year. 
The south London venue said it hosted more than 8.9m people in 2023 – an increase of 17pc. Total sales at its restaurants and shops soared 31pc in 2023, breaking previous records. 
Bosses put the blockbuster year down to shows from a slew of stars, including ten nights of Elton John’s farewell tour and a residency from Madonna. 
The O2 sold 2.5m tickets for some 216 events last year. New retailers to set up shop included sportswear brand Under Armour and the fashion company French Connection. 
Louisa Dalgleish, leasing director at the O2, said: ‘2023 was a stand-out year. We’re not a destination which sits still, and we are confident of taking outlet shopping at the O2 to new heights in 2024.’ 
This year’s attractions include Take That, The 1975, Girls Aloud, The Killers and Olivia Rodrigo 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
MORE HEADLINES
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group