Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
The huge new Co-op Live Arena opened for its first "test event" on Saturday night in Manchester. Thousands of guests headed to catch the first headliner Rick Astley perform on stage ahead of the official full opening on Tuesday with Peter Kay.
And as well as the entertainment on stage, It was the first chance for punters to sample some of the food and drink on offer inside the arena. Only part of the venue was opened to the public on Saturday night, and capacity was vastly reduced at the last minute due to "testing of the spaces".
But two of the main food and drinks spaces were in operation, The Founders Bar on The Street and also the Canal Side Bar boasting views out across to the Etihad Stadium.
READ MORE: First look inside Co-op Live Arena - the huge new £365m venue for Manchester
We sized up the food and drink offering, and the sorts of prices guests are going to pay. And be warned, it's not cheap.
For those who love a pint, you're looking at £8.95 for a Guinness, Asahi Super Dry or local ale, Seven Bro7hers Easy IPA. If you're after a pint of Grolsch, it's a slightly cheaper £8.35.
There's also a "double pint" option of Asahi or Seven Bro7hers for £17.45, while the Grolsch is £16.35 for the double. Alcohol free Asahi or Guinness is £6.95.
For those who like a glass of wine, you're looking at £8.95 for the Most Wanted brand of white, red or rose wines. Bottles of When in Rome wines are £35.
For fizz, there's a pinot grigio fizz or rose fizz for £9.25 for a 200ml serving.
In the Canal Side bar, 50ml of Ciroc Vodka will set you back £13, Captain Morgan dark rum £12 and Tanqueray London Dry Gin £13. You can get alcohol free gin for £9. Mixers cost £1.50.
Soft drinks are £2.80 for a half pint or £4.80 for a pint. Cans of still water are £3.20 for 330ml.
50ml cocktail cans including strawberry daiquiri and espresso martini are priced at £12.
Food options in the Co-op branded cafe included their own brand Co-op Irresistible Steak and Ale pie for £8.25, chicken, leek and ham hock pie for £8.25 and a Vegan Classic Gro burger for £11.50.
The food prices were greeted with shock on social media. One user pointed out that the same Co-Op Irresistible pie bought in the shop would be almost HALF the price of the £8.25 tag at the arena.
The arena will officially open to paying ticketholders on Tuesday with the first of two gigs from comedy superstar Peter Kay. Other acts lined up for the opening season include Take That, Olivia Rodrigo, Liam Gallagher and Barry Manilow.
The entire arena will boast 32 bar and restaurant options, as well as after-show venues too.