Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Olivia Rodrigo fans won't find emergency contraceptives and condoms at her concerts anymore. 
According to Variety, Rodrigo's team decided free contraceptives shouldn't be part of the experience.  Jade Hurley, the communications manager for the DC Abortion Fund told the outlet it was because “children are present at the concerts.”  
“The reality is that youth have sex, and youth need access to birth control and emergency contraception,” Hurley told Variety, adding, "What we’re doing is completely legal in all 50 states.”
Earlier this week, a fan shared on X that free emergency contraception was handed out at Olivia Rodrigo's Missouri concert.
“Free plan B at Olivia Rodrigo in St. Louis tonight,” the person wrote. “Thank you, Missouri Abortion Fund.”
Not everyone was thrilled. Missouri State Senator Bill Eigel said on X, "As the father of a daughter, I am horrified by this," adding that he thinks Rodrigo "should be ashamed."
Rodrigo has been partnering with the National Network Of Abortion Funds throughout her "Guts" tour. TODAY.com reached out to Rodrigo and has not gotten a response.
Robin Frisella, community engagement director for the Missouri Abortion Fund, tells TODAY.com: "While we are disappointed to learn that other abortion funds will not get the same opportunity to do the same, we are encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive response. We can’t speak to why this decision was made, but we hope this conversation highlights the work being done by abortion funds every day in states across the country. We stand by our decision to hand out EC (emergency contraception) and will be increasing our efforts to provide this to our community."
On March 13, Frisella told TODAY.com that the non-profit organization, along with "Right By You," a Missouri-based text line for pregnancy education, passed out boxes of emergency conception (also known as the "morning-after pill," and one popular brand is "Plan B") at Rodrigo's March 12 concert in St. Louis. Condoms were also distributed. 
“This is just a normal part of what many abortion funds, including Missouri Abortion Fund, bring to our community tabling events,” said the spokesperson. “We want to ensure that Missourians have maximum control over their own reproductive health care.”
"We appreciate Olivia lifting up abortion funds, especially as many funds have seen a decrease in donations since 2023," said the spokesperson. 
Another name for emergency contraception is "the morning-after pill." The brand Julie, which was distributed at Rodrigo’s Missouri concert, is sold over-the-counter at pharmacies like CVS and Target.  
"Replacing the stigma and shame often associated with emergency contraception with access, exploration, and education is core to who we are, and we’re thankful for artists like Olivia Rodrigo," a Julie spokesperson tells TODAY.com. 
The "Good 4 You" singer launched her "Guts" world tour in February and announced the "Fund 4 Good." 
"The 'Fund 4 Good' works to support all women, girls and people seeking reproductive health freedom," Rodrigo said in a TikTok video. "The fund will directly support community-based non-profits that champion things like girls' education, support reproductive rights and prevent gender-based violence." 
Rodrigo added, "A portion of all of the proceeds from the ticket sales of the Guts world tour will go to the 'Fund 4 Good' — which I'm very excited about — and for the North American leg of the Guts world tour, I'll be partnering with the National Network of Abortion Funds to help those impacted by healthcare barriers in getting the reproductive care they deserve."
The singer directed fans to the website of the National Network of Abortion Funds or the organization's table "at your local Guts world tour stop." 
According to NBC News, abortion-rights groups are promoting a constitutional amendment to protect reproductive rights in Missouri, which has some of the country's most restrictive abortion laws. 
Elise Solé is an experienced writer and editor who specializes in parenting and pop culture for the TODAY audience. She’s a former New Yorker who lives in Los Angeles. She loves true crime shows, gummy candy of all types, running and hanging out with her son and husband.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.