Every item on this page was chosen by an ELLE editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Olivia Rodrigo did more than just drop the music video for “Obsessed” last night. The singer also released a new song, “So American,” which doesn’t really hide the fact it’s a love letter to her British boyfriend, actor Louis Partridge. The song is part of Guts (Spilled), her album’s new deluxe edition.
While Rodrigo never says Partridge by name, she alludes to the non-American guy she’s dating and hints at him in her lyrics. Examples include: “Drivin’ on the right-side road,” while in Britain, people drive on the left, and the couple was first seen kissing at a gas station in New York. But the most prominent line is in the chorus, where she stresses her new partner is not the U.S.:  “And he says I’m so American / Oh God, I’m gonna marry him / If he keeps this shit up.”
With many songs on Guts are about unhealthy relationships or heartbreak, “So American” offers a refreshingly optimistic reflection on new love, along with the fear that comes with hoping for a future.
Rodrigo and Partridge, by the way, were first romantically linked in October. They were photographed making out in New York City in December. Partridge has since been seen in the audience of Rodrigo’s Guts tour shows multiple times.
Earlier this week, he spoke to British Vogue about their relationship—and why he prefers not to talk about it. “Dating probably shouldn’t be done in the public eye,” he said. “There’s enough going on between two people. You don’t need the voices of thousands of others in your head. I think she’s got it a lot worse than I have. I can be a bit of a normal person. She’s got tons and tons of eyes on her case.”
Rodrigo still (seemingly) gave her fans a little glimpse into her happiness with Partridge. Read the lyrics to “So American,” via Genius, and listen to the song below:
All of Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Looks
Read Selena Gomez’s Suggestive ‘Talk’ Lyrics
Beyoncé’s Cowboy Carter Tour Is a Family Affair
Benny Blanco Is the World’s Greatest Fiancé
The Best New Songs We Heard Last Month
Meet Your Favorite Artists’ Favorite Collaborators
Coco Jones on Her Debut Album
Everything to Know About Lorde’s New Album 
See Beyoncé's Full Cowboy Carter Tour Setlist
How to Get Tickets to Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter Tour
Blue Ivy Joins Beyoncé on the Cowboy Carter Tour
Samara Joy Is Redefining Jazz Music
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.