Manage your account
This post originally appeared in the Insider Today newsletter.
You can sign up for Business Insider's daily newsletter here.
Happy Saturday! Sleep is the newest ultimate luxury item. Here's one millionaire's five-step guide to sleeping like a baby.
On the agenda:
The hidden costs and dangers of traveling as a gay couple.
We know exercise is good for us. So why don't we do it?
Forget Europe — check out this hidden gem in Florida instead.
Millennials' favorite parenting style isn't working.
But first: There are a loooooot of people on tour right now.
If this was forwarded to you, sign up here. Download Insider's app here.
It's never been easier to see your favorite artist perform live. There are too many acts on tour right now: Olivia Rodrigo, Luke Combs, Megan Thee Stallion, and even Justin Timberlake. The list goes on.
With so many musicians on tour, the space is getting crowded. Some acts are even cutting back on tour stops or canceling their tours altogether thanks to low ticket sales, Business Insider's Emily Stewart reported.
Take JLo, for example. She recently canceled her forthcoming tour, telling fans she was "devastated." The Black Keys also scaled down their stadium tour, opting instead for smaller venues. Both are apparently having a hard time selling tickets.
It doesn't help that ticket prices are at an all-time high, averaging around $123. Whew! With inflation, no budget is immune to feeling the pinch.
Not everyone is losing, though. If you can believe it, Taylor Swift is still on tour and selling out, and Beyoncé, when she was on the road, didn't have a problem selling tickets either.
With laws against homosexual activity in some countries, this author and his husband sometimes have to pose as "buddies" while traveling.
The pair can pass as straight. They both have long beards and regularly wear baseball caps and cargo shorts. But they don't want to have to limit their opportunity to see the world due to their sexual orientation.
This is the cost of traveling while gay.
It's a trope to say you shouldn't tell a depressed person to get outside and go for a walk. That's probably true to some extent, but the author says encouragement from friends to get up and move when they were struggling with depression saved them.
An abundance of research shows that exercise is good for depression. But it's rarely mentioned when discussing the mental health crisis.
The secret to finally getting yourself to work out.
You don't have to leave the country to get a taste of Europe this summer. St. Augustine, Florida, can give you a glimpse of Spain without the cost of international flights.
St. Augustine, the oldest city in the US, is filled with Spanish architecture, food, and Sangria. The Florida-based author says it's the perfect dupe for a European vacation.
Explore St. Augustine.
Whether you call it gentle parenting, intentional parenting, or mindful parenting, the concept remains widely the same. It aims to replace an "authoritarian" form of child-rearing with one grounded in empathy and negotiation.
But parents have begun to realize the time- and energy-intensive method is producing decidedly ambiguous outcomes. What they hoped would produce well-adjusted kids actually built little monsters.
How gentle parenting went bust.
"Hit Man": Glen Powell stars in Richard Linklater's romantic dark comedy about a fake hitman who becomes entangled with a woman trying to hire him.
"Perfect Match": Netflix's dating show — featuring a smorgasbord of reality stars from the streamer's other series — is back for a second season.
"Becoming Karl Lagerfeld": Daniel Brühl plays the legendary designer in a new biographical drama.
See the full list.
Back in the office?: See our style editors' recs for the best stretchy work pants for women, and the best performance dress shirts for men to keep you cool on your commute.
Father's Day sales: Time's running out to get dad a gift — check out our roundup of the best Father's Day deals for great prices on thoughtful presents.
One last spring cleaning: Whether your pet is shedding their coat or you need a trustworthy cleaning companion, our guide to the best vacuum cleaners has a model for every type of mess.
A teenager's relationship shows how much dating has changed.
Six of the most beautiful places on Earth, according to someone who's been to 107 countries.
Carnival's cheapest cabin is ugly and windowless — but surprisingly spacious.
Why one family opted to cover their bridesmaids' costs in full.
Overemployment helped one woman make $250,000, and allowed her husband to leave a toxic job.
A millionaire mom outsources the parenting tasks she doesn't like.
Escaping Texas for Tennessee: One transplant's experience.
This baked pasta dish is the Greek version of lasagna, but way better.
Why lifestyle creep can cause HIFIs to spend "every cent they make."
The Insider Today team: Joi-Marie McKenzie, editor-in-chief, in New York. Jordan Parker Erb, editor, in New York. Dan DeFrancesco, deputy editor and anchor, in New York. Lisa Ryan, executive editor, in New York. Annie Smith, associate producer, in London.
Read the original article on Business Insider