Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in
Celebrities pulled out all the fashion stops at 2023 Grammys 
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our Privacy notice
The 65th annual Grammy Awards brought about some memorable fashion looks from celebrities on the red carpet.
The prestigious music event, which was hosted by Trevor Noah, saw Hollywood’s biggest musicians showing off their different styles at the Crypto.com Arena - formerly known as the Staples Center - in Los Angeles on 5 February 2023.
Artists nominated included Harry Styles, Lizzo, Beyonce and Adele. Find the full list of winners here.
Ahead of the awards ceremony, many musicians debuted their eye-catching outfits on the red carpet, ranging from black tuxedos to bright pink dresses.
From Taylor Swift to Harry Styles, these were the best red carpet looks from the 2023 Grammy Awards.
Bebe Rexha
Rexha opted for a silk, bright pink gown, with a halter neckline and cut-out detail in the middle of it. She completed the look with a pair of matching gloves and had her blonde hair curled.
Doja Cat
The rapper wore a black latex dress with a train by Versace. She paired the one-shouldered dress with elbow length gloves. The “Woman” singer also made a statement with her winged eyeliner, black hoop earrings, and a black buzz cut wig.
Viola Davis
Davis, who achieved EGOT status at this year’s event, opted for a multi-colored sequined, short-sleeved dress. She also wore a pair of silver hoop earrings.
Benny Blanco
The singer went for an all denim look, consisting of a pair of shorts and pancho, both of which had colorful patterns on it. He also opted for a white ankle socks and black loafers.
Lizzo
Lizzo turned heads with her bright coat, covered in roses. She paired the look with matching gloves and silver rings. Underneath the jacket, she wore an orange gown with silver sequins on it.
Brandi Carlile
Carlile posed on the red carpet in a black, silk coat, which had sequins on the sleeves, and matching pants. The singer completed the look with a black tie, pink dress shirt, and combat boots.
Jessy Wilson 
Wilson wore an all-white outfit, including a matching jacket and pants with multiple cutout details in them. She also opted for a white crop top and clutch. 
Hannah Mounds
Mounds arrived at the event in a black and pink gown, with ruffles on the bottom of it. She also had a pair of black gloves on and a matching choker.
Dylan Mulvaney
The influencer posed in a red gown, with a halter neckline and cut-out detail on it. She paired the look with matching gloves, along with silver rings and dangly earrings.
 Alisun 
The singer wore a one-shoulder, gold dress, along with a matching purse and pair of heels. For accessories, Alisun chose silver earrings and a necklace. 
Michelle Branch
Branch chose a black, long-sleeved dressed with sequins on the top of it. Her accessories were also all-black, including her shoes, purse, and sunglasses. 
Amanda Gorman
Gorman wore an all-black, lace dress with a train. She completed the look with a gold choker and earrings. 
Myles Frost
Frost opted for a black and gold jacket covered with rhinestones, and black pants. He paired the outfit with black shoes and sunglasses. 
Bonnie Raitt
The singer attended the event in a dark blue jacket over a leather shirt. She also wore black pants, a long silver necklace, and hoop earrings. 
Miguel
Miguel opted for a blue and white ombre, denim jacket, and a pair of light-washed jeans. He also wore the jacket, which had a hood attached to it, over a white shirt. 
 Rita Wilson
The actor wore a black, sparkled feather dress. She paired the one-shoulder gown with a black, flower choker. 
Blac Chyna
Chyna wore a black, sequined leotard that covered her head. The outfit also had feathers coming out of it and included matching gloves. 
Erick The Architect 
The rapper wore a salmon tuxedo, along with his white sweater and gold necklace. He also opted for a fuzzy, salmon hat and grey shoes. 
Sheryl Crow 
Crow attended the event in a black gown with a slit and a pair of black heels. For accessories, she wore a chunky bracelet and ring, and had a silver purse in her hand. 
Kelsea Ballerini 
The singer wore a neon yellow gown, with a halter neckline and cutout detail in it. The outfit also had a matching train attached to it. 
Kim Petras
Petras wore a short red gown underneath a lace, matching veil. She posed in bright red lipstick, heels, and a large necklace with a red gemstone in it. 
Sam Smith 
Smith opted for a red dress and matching latex gloves. They also had a red hat with a veil on and sparkled cane in their hand. 
Taylor Swift 
Swift wore a dark blue crop top and skirt set, covered with silver sequins. The “Anti-Hero” singer also posed in large silver earrings, with purple jewels in them, and red lipstick. 
Shania Twain 
Twain attended the event in a look by Harris Reed, which featured a black and white jacket, pants, and hat. She wore a black top underneath and had her hair dyed red. 
Questlove
The musician wore a wool, grey and white jacket, over a black button down and pants. He also opted for black shoes. 
Jack Harlow 
Harlow posed at the event in all-tan tuxedo, along with black shoes and gloves. 
Kacey Musgraves
The singer wore a light pink bodysuit paired with a feathered, matching cape. She had her hair in an updo and a pair of silver studs on her ears. 
Heidi Klum 
The model wore a yellow gown with a deep v-neckline and fringes on the side of it. She also opted for gold heels and bracelets. 
Amber Rose 
Rose chose an all-black look, which featured an off-the-shoulder mini dress with a veil attached to the bottom of it. She also had black, leather wrist gloves, multiple silver necklaces, and sunglasses on. 
Harry Styles 
Styles wore a rainbow jumpsuit with a deep v-neckline and a pair of white shoes. He had multiple silver rings on and his nails painted white. 
Fat Joe
The rapper wore an all-red outfit, including a tuxedo and turtleneck. He also posed in pink sunglasses and shoes. 
 Anderson Paak
Paak chose a multi-coloured tuxedo with a flower pattern and a white shirt. He also had red sunglasses and a green hat on. 
Mary J Blige 
Blige wore a silver dress, with cut-out details on the side and a gold belt. She also chose silver boots, gold earrings, and had her dyed blonde hair in a half-up ponytail. 
Trevor Noah 
The Grammys host opted for an all-white shirt and jacket, completed with a black bow tie and pants. 
Dwayne Johnson and Lauren Hashian 
Johnson chose an all gold-coloured tuxedo and two necklaces, while his wife posed in an ruffled, silver gown with a slit. 
Cardi B and Offset
The rapper wore a blue gown with a deep v-neck, which wrapped around her shoulder and head. The outfit also featured a cut-out detail on the side of it. Cardi B’s husband wore an all-white tuxedo and pair of black shoes. 
Paris Hilton 
The model wore a silver gown, which had sparkles all over and two cut-out details on the front. Hilton completed her look with her blonde hair in a half-up ponytail. 
Anitta 
Anitta wore an all black, strapless dress with a ruffled train at the bottom. She paired the look with silver rings, earrings, and a necklace.
 Camila Cabello
Cabello posed on the red carpet in a white bra and black skirt with a slit. She also wore pearl earrings and black heels. 
Queen Latifah
The rapper wore an all-black dress, with a floral pattern on it. She had her hair in an updo and a pair of emerald earrings on. 
Olivia Rodrigo
Rodrigo, who is a presenter at the event, arrived in an all-black, lacey sheer gown. She paired the spaghetti-strapped outfit with a black necklace. 
H.E.R. 
The singer opted for a black dress, which she paired with sunglasses and a red purse. She also wore red lipstick and silver necklaces. 
Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies
Please refresh the page or navigate to another page on the site to be automatically logged inPlease refresh your browser to be logged in