Manage your account
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH) — From the Central Ohio Home and Garden Show at the Ohio Expo Center to Drake’s long-awaited concerts at the Schottenstein Center, here are things to see and do in central Ohio this week.
Ohio Expo Center Bricker and Celeste buildings on Saturday through Feb. 25 
In addition to meeting with local home and garden experts face-to-face, guests will be able to explore the intimate landscapes and designs of eight gardens. The gardens will feature everything from outdoor bathtubs, swings, and courtyards, to plunge pools, outdoor kitchens, fireplaces and more.
Nationwide Arena at 7:30 p.m. on Saturday 
Witness a battle to the finish as the world’s toughest cowboys are “In it to Win It” in their mission to be crowned Pro Rodeo’s World Champion.  
Kemba Live at 7 p.m. on Saturday 
Join comedian TikTok stars Darcy Michael and his husband Jeremy Baer live on stage for an evening of comedy celebrating love, relationships and mental health.
Ohio Theatre through Sunday 
The musical comedy about the search for love in New York is turned on its head in this revival production, in which Bobbie, the iconic bachelor, is now a bachelorette played by veteran actress Britney Coleman.
Short North Stage through Sunday 
Spotlight on Celie, a downtrodden young woman whose personal awakening over the course of 40 years forms the arc of this story. With a score featuring jazz, ragtime, gospel, African music and blues, “The Color Purple” is a story of hope, a testament to the healing power of love, and a celebration of life.
Leisure Club at 2 p.m. on Sunday 
Join the Columbus Symphony in the Historic Trolly District for an afternoon of light classical music and coffee from Kape Coffee Co. Tickets are $30.
Schottenstein Center at 8 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday
Originally, Drake announced he would perform twice at the Schottenstein Center with shows on July 1 and 2 with 21 Savage as the guest artist. After his July 2 concert was canceled in May due to a scheduling conflict, his July 1 show was rescheduled for Oct. 9. In September, Ticketmaster listed the Oct. 9 show as postponed with no date or time listed.
Nationwide Arena at 7 p.m. on Wednesday 
The Columbus Fury face the Omaha Supernovas.
From the McConnell Arts Center and the Ohio History Center to the King Arts Complex and Drexel Theatre, many organizations are hosting events celebrating Black History Month.
From the reimagined Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey at the Schottenstein Center to Olivia Rodrigo and Bruce Springsteen at Nationwide Arena, more than two dozens top artists and shows are performing in central Ohio this spring.
For more events, view NBC4’s community calendar.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to NBC4 WCMH-TV.