By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:51, 5 March 2024   |  Updated:  04:09, 6 March 2024   
 32
View  comments
Busy Philipps looked stylish as she continued her press run in the Big Apple.
The 44-year-old actress arrived for an interview on the Today show in New York City on Tuesday morning while promoting Girls5eva.
She sported a shimmering blue trench coat which was tied closed over a neon green midi dress.
The Dawson's Creek alum strutted her stuff in white knee-high leather booties as she happily waved to her adoring fans.
She accessorized with massive gold hoop earrings along with a ring on her left ring finger.
Busy Philipps looked stylish as she arrived for an interview on the Today show in New York City on Tuesday morning while promoting Girls5eva
Her signature blonde tresses were put in a messy updo as her make-up was complete with a swipe of bright red lip. 
Her visit to the Today show was just another one on the promotional tour she has been on for season three of the musical comedy series Girls5eva. 
The show ran for two seasons on Peacock before it was cancelled.
Netflix revived the series about members of a 1990s girl group who are going for stardom once again. 
'The show was too good to just disappear,' the actress said on CBS Mornings.
'Our show is really unique, and it has a fan base, and I think that also the exposure on Netflix will be really great because it'll be exposed to so many more people.'
Busy stars with Sara Bareilles, Renee Elise Goldsberry, and Paula Pell in the show produced by her comedy hero, Tina Fey. 
Ashley Park makes occasional appearances at the fifth member of the group who is believed to have died after swimming over the edge of an infinity swimming pool. 
The 44-year-old actress sported a shimmering blue trench coat which was tied closed over a neon green midi dress
The Dawson's Creek alum strutted her stuff in white knee-high leather booties as she happily waved to her adoring fans
She accessorized with massive gold hoop earrings along with a ring on her left ring finger
In Girls5eva, Busy stars with Renee Elise Goldsberry, Sara Bareilles, and Paula Pell as a member of a 1990s girl group going for stardom once again.  Season three debuts March 14 on Netflix. The streamer picked up the series after it was cancelled by Peacock
'The show was too good to just disappear,' the actress said on CBS Mornings. 'Our show is really unique, and it has a fan base, and I think that also the exposure on Netflix will be really great because it'll be exposed to so many more people'
Busy Philipps was also spotted in a green plaid outfit while exiting The Drew Barrymore Show in New York City
She also rocked a lacy black bra under the plaid coat plus a necklac and black earrings, with her blonde locks tied up in a bun
She completed her look with a pair of black platform pumps
'I don't know how I won this lottery, that I'm in her phone and she calls me and asks me to be in her movies and TV shows at this point, but I will always answer,' she admitted, and I will always 100-percent say, "yes."' 
The single mom shares daughters Birdie, 15, and Cricket, 10, with her ex-husband Marc Silverstein.
The funny lady said her daughters aren't interested in her work.
'Although, they do sometimes have to deal with people coming up to me and asking me about role, but then, they get to meet Olivia Rodrigo,' she shared, explaining one of the perks of having a famous mother. 
Season 3 of Girls5eva debuts on Netflix March 14.   

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group