Filming has been continuing this week in Greater Manchester on a leading Netflix show from the creator of Peaky Blinders.
The streamer has been in Stockport filming scenes for House of Guinness, a new biopic set in the 19th century about the family behind the legendary Guinness brewery.
Set in Dublin and New York, the series follows the aftermath of the death of founder Benjamin Guinness on his four children Arthur, Edward, Anne, and Ben.
READ MORE: Much-loved Stockport pub saved by locals named best in Greater Manchester
Filming began earlier this month at a mansion in Cheshire, before recently moving to Stockport. Photos from the set this week showed the Underbanks area of the Greater Manchester borough meticulously redesigned to resemble the 1800s ahead of the cameras rolling.
Units close to existing shops and venues, like SK1 Records and Winters Clock House, near to Royal Oak Yard were renamed and redesigned into fictional shops of the day - like the D. Moulang Jewellers and rag merchants R.A. Carroll - during filming.
The show has been created by British screenwriter and television producer Steven Knight, who has also previously worked on SAS Rogue Heroes and The Veil. Amongst its cast will be Enola Holmes star Louis Partridge, who is currently dating singer Olivia Rodrigo.
The pair were spotted visiting a vintage clothes pop-up store in Ancoats earlier this week in-between filming of the series. Visiting Lockup Vintage in Cutting Room Square on Sunday (July 7), owner Liv Sorvel said the pair were ‘really sweet and gracious’.
The Netflix show, which does not yet have a release date, will also star Tetris actor Anthony Boyle and Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald star David Wilmot. House of Guinness will be produced for Netflix by Kudos, who have also worked on the likes of Broadchurch and Utopia in the past.
Creator Knight said of the Succession-esque series: “The Guinness dynasty is known the world over – wealth, poverty, power, influence, and great tragedy are all intertwined to create a rich tapestry of material to draw from.
"I've always been fascinated by their stories and am excited to bring the characters to life for the world to see."
The filming of House of Guinness is the latest in boost for Stockport, which has recently been billed the ‘Hollywood of the north’ for its inclusion in a number of leading television shows and films in recent years.
Alongside the likes of It’s A Sin, Brassic, and Peaky Blinders, it was also the location for upcoming BBC sitcom Daddy Issues, which will star Aimee Lou Wood and David Morrissey.
It has also been used as a filming location for a number of upcoming productions with BBC, Disney+, Netflix and Sky. Figures from Filming in England revealed that between January 2018 and September 2023, 197 shoot days took place across Stockport - with an estimated production spend of more than £3.5 million.
Jonny Shelton, production liaison manager for the North and North West at Creative England, previously said: “It has been a pleasure to work so closely with Stockport’s local authority to support the local film and TV sector in recent years."
He added: "As a result, the area has a strong reputation in the industry and is one of the busiest locations in the North West, which is aided further by Stockport’s wide range of locations and period architecture – plus its ideal proximity into the production hubs of Manchester and Liverpool.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.