Crow was a special guest at Rodrigo's show on Saturday where they performed the 1996 single together
Jason Kempin/Getty Images for ABA
 Sheryl Crow made Olivia Rodrigo very happy this weekend.

 On Saturday, the "Soak Up the Sun" singer, 62, joined the "Vampire" artist, 21, at her Guts World Tour date at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville where the pair performed Crow's hit "If It Makes You Happy" together onstage.

 “I’m very excited because tonight we have a very special guest,” Rodrigo said, per fan-captured footage of the concert on YouTube. “I think she’s one of the most talented, most wonderful, kindest human beings I’ve ever had the pleasure of meeting. I’ve been lucky enough to sing with her a few times. And I’m even luckier to call her a friend.”

 Crow then appeared on stage with her guitar in hand and the duo kicked off their performance of the 1996 classic, where they alternated singing verses of the track.

Jason Kempin/Getty Images for ABA
 As Rodrigo said in her introduction, this isn't the first time she and Crow have hit the stage together.

 In November, the pair opened the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony by performing a duet of "If It Makes You Happy," before Crow was later inducted by her friend Laura Dern.

 At the event, the nine-time Grammy winner also revealed the advice she gave Rodrigo.

 "I said, 'If you can just write down one sentence every day of what happened during that day, because you will someday look back [at] this, and try to remember all the things,' " Crow told Entertainment Tonight of her conversation with the Rodrigo

 “The other thing [I told her] is to just stay in the work and stay out of the chatter,” she continued. “That's a major thing.”

 Crow said it was "really cool" to collaborate with Rodrigo.

 "I mean, you know, I got to sort of lift her up a little bit, because she's got a new record [out]..." she told the outlet. "I know how hard the second record is, the sophomore. You're competing with the success of your first record, and she nailed it."

 Just two months prior, Rodrigo and Crow played together at The Bluebird Café, an iconic Nashville venue, where they performed an intimate, stripped-down arrangement of “If It Makes You Happy."

 At the time, the "Bad Idea" musician documented the evening with an Instagram post, sharing a silly photo of herself and the "My Favorite Mistake" performer posing together in salon chairs while holding magazines.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

Jason Kempin/Getty Images for ABA
 In the next slide, Rodrigo shared a video of the stunning duet, captivating the crowd by sitting side-by-side on stools on the venue's small stage.

 “Pinch me!” the pop-punk star captioned the post. “Sang one of my favorite songs of all time with the greatest of all time @sherylcrow !!!! what an honor!!!!”

 The rock singer-songwriter in turn, shared the post on her own Instagram Story, where she commended Rodrigo, writing, “She is just really good, y’all!”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)