It's hard to believe that "The Masked Singer" is already up to season 11. This edition of the reality competition show kicked off on March 6 and the premiere was packed full of surprises, culminating in the unmasking of the Book. He turned out to be funnyman Kevin Hart.
While Hart played it for laughs when he sang "So Sick" by Ne-Yo, the other four celebrities on "The Masked Singer" premiere are all hoping to make it through to the finals in May. The best singer of the bunch based on those first performances is Goldfish.
We've watched Goldfish cover of "Vampire" by Olivia Rodrigo. And we've taken another look at her clues package. We think we've cracked the code as to Goldfish's true identity. Keep reading as we have all your "The Masked Singer" spoilers, including the answer to the question, "Who is Goldfish?"
We think that the Goldfish is Vanessa Hudgens, who first came to fame in the Disney movie franchise "High School Musical."  Don't agree? Well take a read of how the clues line up with the life of Vanessa Hudgens, who certainly fits the physical profile of Goldfish, standing all of 5'1" tall.
Goldfish revealed that "when I first started out I made a splash overnight," which is certainly true of Hudgens who was all of 15 when she made the first of the "High School Musical" movies. Goldfish readily admitted that she found it hard to adjust to life in a fishbowl with everyone always looking at her. Hudgens has been candid about struggling with her new-found fame.
Following up on the success of "HSM" in 2006, Hudgens released her first album, "V," later that same year. It went to the top of the charts and was certified gold; the men in black carried out gold record after Goldfish finished her powerhouse performance.
And just like Goldfish, Hudgens has not played it safe with her career opting to "dive into deeper, darker, edgier waters." She received rave reviews for her stage debut in the Tony-winning musical "Rent" and has delivered a string of acclaimed performances in a wide range of films be they comedy ("The Princess Switch" franchise), drama ("Polar"), fantasy ("Sucker Punch") or romance ("Beastly").
We will only find out if we are right that Goldfish is Vanessa Hudgens when she is unmasked. That will happen when she loses a vote or wins the show. Do you think we are right about the true identity of Goldfish? Sound off in the comments section with your best guesses.
'The Masked Singer' spoilers
Beets  | Gumball  | Miss Cleocatra
Goldfish | Lovebird | Starfish |Ugly Sweater
Clock | Lizard | Poodle Moth
Be sure to make your predictions to influence our reality TV racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next episode airs on Fox. You'll compete to win eternal bragging rights and a spot on our "The Masked Singer" Season 11 leaderboard. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our reality TV forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Kristin Chenoweth 1000% goldfish. The glass bubble from wicked could be the goldfish bowl.
Totally agree with you!!!!
Sarah Paxton!!!
When do they film cause she is way pregnant now. Like huge. They’d have to film this at least 6 months before air date for it to be her because she isn’t showing at all in that costume.
Google says it was filmed Sept-Oct 2023.
Leah Michelle!
Kristin Chenoweth
Debbie Gibson
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media