Olivia Rodrigo is back in the U.S., set to bring her Guts World Tour to Philadelphia tomorrow. But the singer was able to get a little date time in with her boyfriend, Louis Partridge, before going back to work. 
The couple was photographed kissing passionately in the streets of New York City on Wednesday. They got dinner out in the city and were both dressed casually for their afternoon off. Rodrigo wore a black sleeveless top, jeans, and black ballet flats.
Partridge and Rodrigo have been dating for over half a year. They were first linked in October 2023 and were snapped making out in New York City that December. 
In the months since, neither has really spoken about their relationship in interviews. Rodrigo did release a song seemingly about Partridge, “So American.”
Partridge also explained why he’d rather not discuss his love life during his March interview with British Vogue. “Dating probably shouldn’t be done in the public eye,” he said. “There’s enough going on between two people. You don’t need the voices of thousands of others in your head. I think she’s got it a lot worse than I have. I can be a bit of a normal person. She’s [Rodrigo] got tons and tons of eyes on her case.”
When asked about how he deals with negative comments about his personal life, he said, “If there’s a load of people nattering in a room about you, you can choose to put your ear to the door to hear what they say or not. I think you’re probably better off not letting curiosity get the better of you.”
Benny Blanco and Selena Gomez’s Biggest Argument
Why Sarah Jessica Parker Won't Be at the Met Gala
Rihanna and A$AP Rocky’s Complete History
Everything to Know About Callum Turner
Beyoncé’s Son, Sir, Makes a Sneaky Tour Cameo
See Princess Charlotte’s 10th Birthday Portrait
Blue Ivy Carter Glitters in Gold on Beyoncé’s Tour
Hailey Bieber Steps Out in Archival Gucci
All the Best Photos From Kylie and Timothée’s Date
Shailene and Lucas’s Relationship History
All We Know About Selena and Benny’s Wedding Plans
Selena on Getting Rash After First Kiss With Benny
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.