The Manchester Co-op Arena has cancelled its opening concert with US rapper A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie at the last minute due to a “technical issue”.
The £365 million venue, the biggest indoor arena in the UK, had already postponed its opening twice last week after rescheduling performances from Peter Kay and The Black Keys.
A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie, real name Julius Dubose, said “something happened” during soundcheck on the day of his performance which caused the cancellation, but confirmed they were working on rescheduling within the next few days.
The venue posted a statement 10 minutes after the doors were set to open for what was meant to be its first official event as fans queued outside awaiting entry.
Due to a venue-related technical issue, tonight’s A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie show will no longer go ahead. We kindly ask fans to leave the area. Tickets holders will receive further information in due course.
— Co-op Live (@TheCoopLive) May 1, 2024
“Due to a venue-related technical issue, tonight’s A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie show will no longer go ahead,” a statement from the venue posted on X said.
“We kindly ask fans to leave the area. Tickets holders will receive further information in due course.
“We deeply apologise for the significant inconvenience this will cause for many.”
More to come. pic.twitter.com/86TMAmkUmS
— ABOOGIEWITDAHOODIE (@ArtistHBTL) May 1, 2024
A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie said in a statement on X: “Something happened with the venue while I was at soundcheck today that caused cancellation of the show.
“We are working on rescheduling in the next few days.
“I’m heated about the situation too, but safety first Manchester, I got you, just stay tuned for further info.”
It comes after the venue reassured fans that performances from A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie and US singer Olivia Rodrigo would be going ahead this week.
It is not yet known if this will affect Rodrigo’s scheduled appearances on May 3 and 4 as part of her Guts world tour.
The arena’s general manager, Gary Roden, announced his resignation last week following a slew of issues led to a delay in the venue opening.
Bolton-born comedian Kay was scheduled to be the first performer but his show had to be postponed with less than 48 hours notice following a test event.
The rescheduled dates at the end of April were rescheduled again alongside dates for US rock duo The Black Keys as the venue had to undertake “extensive protocol of testing critical procedures to ensure all areas are ready for fans”.
The new date for the US rock band is May 15 while Kay’s performances have shifted to May 23 and 24.
A representative for Manchester Co-op Live has been contacted for comment.

                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.