The star also opened up about life on tour in a new interview.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


	Wanna guess which song is Olivia Rodrigo‘s favorite this summer? Hint: It’s a remix of the cheekiest track on Charli XCX‘s Brat featuring another A-list pop star.

	In a new interview with Complex, the “Drivers License” musician revealed her personal song of the summer: “I mean, I love the Charli XCX and Billie [Eilish] song ‘Guess,'” she said. “So good,” Rodrigo gushed. “It’s been on repeat.”

	The revelation comes just a few weeks after the English tastemaker dropped a reimagined version of “Guess” with the “Bad Guy” singer, debuting at No. 12 on the Billboard Hot 100 — the highest-charting song Charli has logged since 2014. The duo also co-starred in a music video for the track, featuring Eilish bulldozing over a mountain of bras and panties.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Rodrigo last dropped music in March, when she unveiled five new songs on the deluxe edition of her Billboard 200-topping album Guts. One of them, “Obsessed,” reached No. 14 on the Hot 100.

	The High School Musical: The Musical: The Series alum is currently embarked on her first arena tour in support of the LP, with two nights left to go in Los Angeles at the Intuit Dome before she begins Asian and Australian legs of the trek. While speaking to Complex, she also opened up about how she’s been passing the time on the road, from reading Donna Tartt’s The Secret History to hyping herself up with Soulja Boy and Nicki Minaj songs.

	“I sleep so much on tour,” she added. “I sleep for 13 hours a day sometimes. I’m so exhausted. So that passes a lot of the time. But I’ve just been reading and I’ve been watching all of my comfort shows. I’ve been watching Sex and the City every day to make myself feel like I’m grounded and at home.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.