"They’ve made records that are really good songs, and they brought a lot of joy to the people"
Sir Elton John has shared that he would love to collaborate with the likes of Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Billie Eilish and more.
While speaking to Variety in a new interview, the pop icon – who has recently retired from touring but is still in the studio working on music – spoke about the artists – mainly female pop artists – with whom he would love to work.
“There are plenty of young singers around. I mean, this has been the summer of the great female singers and songwriters. Sabrina Carpenter, Billie Eilish, Taylor Swift, Olivia Rodrigo, Charli XCX and Gracie Abrams — they’ve just ruled it,” John told the outlet. “They’ve made records that are really good songs, and they brought a lot of joy to the people. And the songs are really good songs, so I’m happy to sing with any of those people.”
The ‘Crocodile Rock’ hitmaker then went on to praise Swift, calling her the biggest “phenomenon” since The Beatles.
Sir Elton John and Taylor Swift attend the 22nd Annual Elton John AIDS Foundation Academy Awards Viewing Party at The City of West Hollywood Park on March 2, 2014 in West Hollywood, California. (Photo by Michael Kovac/Getty Images for EJAF)
After being asked if he would be open to doing a duet with the ‘Bejeweled’ singer, John said: “She’s a great songwriter, she’s a great artist and she’s a phenomenon. I’ve never seen a phenomenon like that since the Beatles, and she works her ass off, so good luck. Good luck to her.”
Previously speaking to NME about his 2021 collaborative studio album ‘The Lockdown Sessions’, John shared: “I thought, ‘I’m becoming a session musician again like I was 54 years ago and it feels good.’ I had no restrictions, and I actually loved playing on other people’s records. It was different sorts of music, and music and artists that I loved, so I was in my element. It was like Back To The Future.”
He added: “You have to go in there with no ego when you’re playing on someone else’s record and just give them exactly what they want. But also enjoy the process too.”
Last year, the icon officially retired from touring. His ‘Farewell Yellow Brick Road Tour’ began in 2018 and finally wrapped in Stockholm in July 2023, earning over $900million (£708million) in gross ticket sales. At the time of its conclusion, it was the highest grossing tour of all time, but has since been overtaken by Swift’s ‘Eras Tour’ and Coldplay’s ‘Music Of The Spheres Tour’.
A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn)
John performed at the 2023 edition of Glastonbury which marked his last ever UK show. In a five-star review of the legendary performance, NME shared: “‘I’m so happy to be here,’ he says, profoundly touched. ‘I’m never gonna forget this.’ None of us will. Sir Elton left everything on the field. It was a Glasto set for the ages from a true all-time great. We’ll never see his kind again. So long, Rocketman – and thank you.”
Elsewhere, back in May, John’s writing partner Bernie Taupin said Elton was preparing to surprise release his 32nd studio album. “Elton and I have an album coming out very soon, but I daren’t say anything about it because I’m under strict orders to keep schtum. It’s all done and recorded,” he said. “I think it’s quite brilliant and quite contemporary and it will certainly surprise a lot of people and excite a lot of people and hopefully be successful.”
It was also announced that the pop legend’s upcoming documentary film Never Too Late will be coming to Disney+ this December.
The film follows the musician as he reflects on his life and 50-year career as he prepared for his final North American stadium show at Los Angeles’ Dodger Stadium in November 2022, which was also livestreamed on Disney+.
A post shared by Elton John (@eltonjohn)
In other news, the ‘Your Song’ singer recently said he thought Donald Trump referring to Kim Jong Un as “little rocket man” was “brilliant”.
The icon also recently revealed that he has been dealing with a “severe eye infection” that has left him with “limited vision” in one of his eyes. “I am healing, but it’s an extremely slow process and it will take some time before sight returns to the impacted eye,” he wrote in a social media statement.
Sir Elton also congratulated Chappell Roan on her chart success, describing her work as “brilliant pop music that brings the world together at a much needed time”, as well as celebrating 34 years of sobriety, sharing a picture online of his Alcoholics Anonymous coin, and adding that “my life has never been better”.
Elton has also chosen to be politically outspoken this summer, formally endorsing Keir Starmer and the Labour Party at the recent UK general election, and joining Joe Biden at the opening of the Stonewall National Monument Visitor Center in June.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.