The late Steve Albini served as recording engineer for most of the tracks on the forthcoming LP, which arrives on 4AD on November 22.
 By Scott Bernstein Aug 28, 2024 • 12:36 pm PDT
 Credits: Alex De Corte (l), Nobody Loves You More album art (r)
Legendary musician Kim Deal has accomplished so much in the past 38 years since she joined the Pixies, but the Ohio native has never released a solo album. That will change on November 22 when Nobody Loves You More comes out via 4AD, complete with the newly issued single “Crystal Breath.” 
Kim Deal composed and produced each of the 11 tracks featured on Nobody Loves You More. The album was recorded over an 11-year period spanning 2011 through 2022. Deal enlisted her close friend and renowned engineer Steve Albini to record the final sessions at his Electrical Audio studios in Chicago. Albini tragically died at age 61 this past May.
The Breeders co-founder recruited collaborators from the band’s past and present to appear on her debut album namely her twin sister Kelly Deal, Mando Lopez, Jim Macpherson and Britt Walford. Others who contributed to Nobody Loves You More include Michael Mavridoglou (Mad Dog’s Filthy Little Secret horns), Raymond McGinley (Teenage Fanclub), Jack Lawrence (Raconteurs) and Savages’ Fay Milton and Ayse Hassan.
Kim Deal previously shared the Nobody Loves You More cut “Coast.” Deal last went solo in 2013, when she put out a five-part, ten-song seven-inch vinyl series. 
Press materials describe the contents of Nobody Loves You More:
View the visualizer for Kim Deal’s “Crystal Breath” below:

 Loading tour dates
    
 Everything you need to
 Go See Live Music
  Personalized music news & recommendations 
 Create a free account or log in.
 Join or log in via email.
 Not you?
 Forgot password?
 Let’s create your account to get started.
  8 or more characters
  At least 1 letter
  At least 1 number
 We’ll only send you notifications you opt into.
  Valid phone number
 By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy.