Other artists confirmed include Megadeth, Dream Theater, Weezer and Sex Pistols
The first wave of artists have been announced for Norway’s 2025 Tons Of Rock festival, with Muse, Green Day and Avenged Sevenfold leading the line-up.
Taking place annually near the city centre of Oslo, next year’s instalment of the festival will take place between June 25 and June 28. Now, the first wave of artists booked to play have been announced, with four headliners confirmed to be playing at the site for the first time.
On the first day of the event (Wednesday June 25), British rock icons Muse will be closing out the night with a headline slot on the main stage. Earlier in the day, performances will be held by prog titans Dream Theater, as well as Electric Callboy, Powerwolf, Lorna Shore, Whitechapel and more.
The Thursday instalment (June 26) will see pop-punk trio Green Day perform as headliners, alongside slots from Sex Pistols – who have teamed up with Frank Carter as frontman – Weezer, Turbonero, Bleed From Within and Dead Poet Society.
Meshuggah, Dimmu Borgir, Poppy, Exodus, Kaizers Orchestra and more will perform on the Friday (June 27), while the Saturday (28) will wrap up with some of the biggest names of the four-day stint.
American heavy metal band Avenged Sevenfold will close out the event as headliners for the final night – marking their first appearance at the Norway festival – and other acts on the night will include Machine Head, Emperor, Jinjer and thrash icons Megadeth.
A post shared by Tons of Rock (@tonsofrock)
“We are extremely proud to present the legendary Muse at Tons of Rock 2025. It’s a dream band for us and an exclusive booking we know will bring joy to many. I saw them in Mexico last year and was blown away by the energy and show they delivered,” said organiser Jarle Kvåle in a new statement.
“We’ve been trying to get Avenged Sevenfold for many years, and it’s incredible they’re finally coming to us. To be able to announce 20 other huge bands at the same time, including the likes of Megadeth and Machine Head, makes this a historically strong lineup.”
Find the full list of artists confirmed in the announcement poster above, and visit here to buy tickets.
This is just one of the festival slots Green Day have lined-up already for 2025. As well as being among those rumoured for Glastonbury – alongside Sam Fender, Olivia Rodrigo and Lady Gaga – Billie Joe Armstrong and co. were also announced as one of the three headliners locked in for Download Festival, alongside Sleep Token and KoRn.
Tré Cool and Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day perform live in 2024. CREDIT: Rich Polk/Penske Media via Getty Images
Avenged Sevenfold performed at the 2024 edition of Download as headliners earlier this summer, and guitarist Zacky Vengeance caught up with NME backstage to discuss milestone anniversaries for ‘City Of Evil’ and ‘Nightmare’. You can revisit the interview here.
As for Muse, the band’s Chris Wolstenholme made headlines last month when he launched a new band called Chromes and dropped two new singles.
Before then, frontman Matt Bellamy recorded a score for an Audible version of 1984, and shared behind-the-scenes images of the process. It was done for a new audio thriller based on George Orwell’s dystopian classic, which was shared on April 4 – exactly 40 years after the date of the protagonist’s first diary entry.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.