These premium wireless headphones from Beats by Dre are on sale now.

													By
												

	Rudie Obias


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Whether you’re looking for a great holiday gift for someone special in your life, or yourself, we found a deep discount to make shopping a joy — especially for music lovers.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	On sale for $89 (reg. $159) at Walmart, the Beats Studio3 Wireless Noise-Canceling Headphones are a premium pair that delivers clear and rich audio with deep and booming bass to listen to music and podcasts on-the-go (when paired with a smartphone via Bluetooth). They’re also sleek and stylish, as a bold fashion and audio statement.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	And since the Beats Studio3 Headphones are from Walmart, you’ll get them shipped to you for free if you’re a Walmart+ member. Otherwise, your cart has to be more than $35 to get free shipping.




			Trending on Billboard		






	If you’re not a member, then you’re in luck. You can sign up for a 30-day free trial to take advantage of everything the retailer’s rewards program has to offer with perks such as free, fast delivery; fuel discounts’ streaming access to Paramount+ to watch hit originals; additional savings with early access deals and much more.

	Meanwhile, Walmart+ also comes with access to SiriusXM for all sorts of talk radio and music — including popular channels, like “SiriusXM Hits 1” for pop hits from Taylor Swift, Ed Sheeran, SZA, Dua Lipa, Post Malone, Olivia Rodrigo and more.

	Aside from high-quality audio, the Beats Studio3 Headphones sync to Apple iPhone and Android smartphones alike. The wireless headphones also feature seamless and automatic connection with all sorts of Apple products — thanks to their built-in Apple W1 chip, which is the very same chip in Apple AirPods.

	In addition, these headphones offer up to 12 hours of battery life on a single charge. In fact, if you’re on a time crunch, the headphones have ‘Fast Fuel’ features, which gives you three hours of playback time with just a 10-minute quick charge.

	The Beats Studio3 Wireless Over-Ear Noise-Cancelling Headphones are on sale for $89 (reg. $159) at Walmart and come in three colors — Black, shadow gray and white — all for the same price.

	For more product recommendations, check out our roundups of the best Xbox deals, studio headphones and Nintendo Switch accessories.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.