ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - FEBRUARY 12: Miley Cyrus performs onstage during the Bud Light Super Bowl ... More Music Festival at Crypto.com Arena on February 12, 2022 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Kevin Winter/Getty Images for Bud Light)
Something very interesting is happening on the Hot 100 this week. The ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. is experiencing a surge of hits that return to the tally for at least one more stay. The roster looks very different from last time around, as dozens of Christmas smashes are no longer present now that interest in them has faded once again. The loss of beloved holiday compositions means there’s more room for contemporary wins from some of today’s biggest pop, rap, and rock stars.
36 songs return to the Hot 100 this week. That means that tunes that were once big, but which were pushed off the chart only to return once Christmas passed, make up more than one-third of all of the 100 biggest hits in the nation this frame.
The list of stars who see some of their recent Hot 100 smashes return to the chart this week includes some of the biggest names in the business. A handful of artists, such as Travis Scott, SZA, and Zach Bryan all see at least a trio of hit songs bounce back onto the tally this frame. Those numbers don’t include their tracks that were popular enough to hold on during the Christmas season.
A number of other powerful players in the music world also nab a pair of returns to the Hot 100 this week. Artists like Jelly Roll, Olivia Rodrigo, Noah Kahan, and Drake are all back again with at least two placements–not that they’re ever gone for very long.
The highest-ranking comeback on the Hot 100 this frame belongs to SZA. Her single “Snooze” wasn’t to be found on the chart last period, but now it’s a top 10 hit once again. The smash, taken from her album SOS, reappears at No. 6.
“Snooze” is one of a number of tracks that don’t just return to the Hot 100, they instantly become top 40 smashes once again. Miley Cyrus’s “Flowers” is back at No. 15, Billie Eilish’s “What Was I Made For?” is found at No. 20, and Rodrigo’s “Vampire” sneaks in at No. 21—and those are only a few of the comeback wins on the chart this frame.