MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
The 2024 Coachella Valley Music & Arts Festival in Indio will close out Sunday evening with a headlining performance from Doja Cat.
Performances will begin as early as 1 p.m. Sunday with DJ Jon at the Sonora Stage and JOPLYN at the Yuma Stage. Six other stages — Coachella, Outdoor, Gobi, Mojave, Sahara, and Quasar — will host more performances, which are set to begin at the varying times. More information about set times is available at coachella.com/schedule.
The final headlining performance from Doja Cat, set for 10:25 p.m. at the Coachella Stage, will follow performances from J Balvin, Bebe Rexha, Carin Leon, YG Marley, and LUDMILLA.
Buster Jarvis at the Sonora Stage and Kimonos at the Yuma Stage started the festival on Saturday. Both headlining performances for the day were held on the Coachella Stage, with No Doubt at the 9:25 p.m. and Tyler, The Creator’s at the 11:40 p.m. They followed performances from Blur, Sublime, Santa Fe Klan, and Record Safari.
Friday got underway Jim Smith at the Sonora Stage and Keyspan at the Yuma Stage. A headlining performance from Lana Del Rey began shortly after 11 p.m., following earlier performances from Peso Pluma, Lil Uzi Vert, Sabrina Carpenter, Young Miko, and Jack Glam.
During her performance Friday night, Del Rey welcomed surprise guest Camila Cabello to sing her single “I Luv It.”
There were a few surprises during the first weekend, with Latin and pop music sensation Shakira taking to the stage for at the least two sets.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
The event also celebrated the a reunion of the 1990s band No Doubt, which hadn’t performed as an ensemble in nine years. Gwen Stefani, Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont and Adrian Young played for a little over an hour, performing standards such as “Just a girl,” “Don’t Speak” and “Spiderwebs.” At one point, No Doubt was joined by unscheduled guest Olivia Rodrigo for a performance of the band’s 2000 song “Bathwater.”
Another surprised performance during the first weekend occurred last Sunday when J Balvin brought out Will Smith to join him on the song “Men in Black,” with Smith dressed in his full black suit and sunglasses as featured in the 1997 film of the same name.
Preparations for traffic connected with the event started last month.
Avenue 50, between Monroe Street and Madison Avenue, has been closed since March 25 and will remain so until May 6 for the dual-weekend entertainment and extensive post-fest cleanups.
According to Indio’s traffic plan, there will be no pedestrian access on Monroe, between Avenue 49 and Avenue 52, nor along Madison, between Avenues 50 and 52.
Police cautioned travel delays will be heavy along Washington Street between Interstate 10 and Avenue 52, as well as Jefferson Street and avenues 48 and 50 going into the Empire Polo Club grounds.
Along with Indio police, other law enforcement agencies are providing support throughout the event, including the Riverside County Sheriff’s Department and California Highway Patrol.
Festival information, including the entire list of musical acts, can be found at the coachella.com/lineup.
YouTube has aired livestreams of the event.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!