By 

	Thania Garcia


Dan Nigro has started working on pop singer Chappell Roan‘s upcoming album, the follow-up to her 2023 debut record, “The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess.” Both Nigro and Roan teased the project on the carpet for the ASCAP Pop Awards on Wednesday night saying their collaboration on the album was in its early stages. 

	“I’m feeling good about it, but at the same time we are literally right at the beginning of the recording process, it’s only been a few days,” said Nigro. “But when I have Chappell in studio, it’s always good fun — she’s amazing. We’re doing a lot of sitting around and talking at this point and there’s moments where she becomes the Chappell you see on stage, but then there’s moments where it comes down. We’re writing ballads, some sad songs where its just the piano and her voice.” 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Celtics Sale Shows Media’s New Pot of Gold: Sports Teams as Mega-Brands 		
			














	
		
					APOS 2025 Draws Top Media Execs to Bali for 15th Edition		
			








	Nigro and Roan have been working together since 2020, and most recently have seen success with the uber popular “Good Luck, Babe!” The song earned the pop singer-songwriter her first entry on the April 20-dated Hot 100, opening at No. 77 with over six million streams (according to Luminate).

	As for Roan, “there isn’t much of an agenda with this next album,” she says. “I plan to do what I have always done: write songs that I love, create music I’m proud of and share that with the world. Maybe I should have more of an answer of what my expectations are [with the album], but at this point, I just don’t know.” 

	Nigro also praised Roan’s shining performance at Coachella during weekend two, where she delivered an unforgettable speech in a bright pink butterfly costume and full drag makeup before launching into her song “My Kink Is Karma.” 

	“First of all, that performance was insane,” says Nigro. “Watching that speech in real time was incredible – I was actually really anticipating if she was going to have the same speech as weekend one and of course she did not! Our friends were filming our reactions, it was the most incredible thing ever.” 

	Roan’s unique style — from her bright visuals to her bombastic sound — have launched her career to new heights in recent months, and although she wasn’t present at the illustrious Met Gala this year, she knows she probably would have “worn something pretty controversial.” She continued, “I definitely would have shown up in drag… you’re not gonna see me — all power to the girls and the little black dress — but if I ever go to the Met Gala, bitch… it’ll be a spectacle for sure. Hopefully next year!”

	










	Roan presented Nigro with the songwriter of the year award, a trophy he shares with Olivia Rodrigo, at the ASCAP Pop Awards at the luxurious Houdini Estate. Additional honorees included Charli XCX, Universal Music Publishing Group and songwriters for song of the year, “Calm Down” by Rema and Selena Gomez. 
The Business of Entertainment