Everyone from Hailey Bieber to Addison Rae owns this puffer. 
Seventeen picks products that we think you'll love the most. We may earn commission from the links on this page.
It's officially puffer szn, folks, and if you're still looking for the versatile puffer jacket of your dreams, you may want to take some inspo from Olivia Rodrigo. While doing some holiday shopping, Liv posted a Instagram Story that showed her wearing a classic 1996 Retro Nuptse Jacket from The North Face...and if it looks familiar to you, that's probably because all your fave celebrities own the exact same one. Better yet: While it usually retails for $330, it's currently marked down on SSENSE for (drum roll pls) $277. Brb, grabbing my credit card.
Olivia decided to pair her lil black puffer with a pair of Levi's Ribcage Straight Ankle Jeans (which are also on sale rn!), a casual IDEA Winona Cap, and a GANNI Grey Striped Soft Wool Scarf—but you could basically wear the ubiquitous North Face puffer with ANYTHING. For instance, here's Hailey Bieber wearing her North Face Nuptse jacket on a hike:
And Ariana Grande sporting her own black North Face puffer with leather gloves and a baseball cap:
Oh, and here's Emily Ratajkowski wearing the celeb-fave puffer in brown (though she owns it in at least four colors) to a Knicks game with jeans and knee-high boots...and Pete Davidson. Tbt to when that was a thing!
The North Face Nuptse jacket has been cool for nearly 30 years now, and it's probably not going out of style anytime soon so it's an investment well worth making. And if you can snag it while it's still on sale, even better!
Side note: If the black lewk isn't for you, you'll be happy to know the relaunched jacket comes in a variety of colors, including neutrals like Smokey Brown and White Dune, as well as some more ~eye-catching~ shades like Peak Purple. 
Corinne Sullivan is an Editor at Cosmopolitan, where she covers a variety of beats, including lifestyle, entertainment, relationships, shopping, and more. She can tell you everything you need to know about the love lives of A-listers, the coziest bedsheets, and the sex toys actually worth your $$$. She is also the author of the 2018 novel Indecent. Follow her on Instagram for cute pics of her pup and bébé. 
Hailey Gushes About Justin in Surprise Speech
Chappell Roan’s McQueen Look Has Harlequin Energy
Olivia Rodrigo’s Gucci Dress Sent a Subtle Message
Lorde’s ‘What Was That’ Is Here
This ‘Emily in Paris' OG Isn’t Returning for S5
Sadie Sink Is the Hero at Her Broadway Premiere
Olivia Rodrigo Flaunts Her London Style
Clairo Makes a Charming Comeback to Coachella
How the 'TLOU' Cast Compares to the Game
Read Suni Lee’s Powerful Apex for Youth Speech
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
I Read the ‘All Nighter’ Cast’s Birth Charts
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.