Our website is temporarily unavailable in your location.
We are working hard to get it back online.
Love Island icon Molly-Mae Hague, who was previously criticised for 'flaunting her wealth', recently shared a snap of her impressive perfume collection
By
Love Island icon Molly-Mae Hague shared her 'pride' as she showed off her luxury perfume collection.
 The 24-year-old, who met the love of her life Tommy Fury on the ITV2 programme in 2019, took to her Instagram Stories on Monday to post a snap of her collection, which included perfumes from lavish brands like Tom Ford, Maison Francis Kurkdjian, Diptyque, Parfums De Marly, Jo Malone and Maison Christian Dior. 
She captioned the post: "I take pride in my collection," and added a laughing face emoji. She had four big bottles of Maison Christian Dior on the higher shelves, with one of them retailing for around £345 for 250ml. A smaller bottle would cost a whopping £125. She also owns a few 75ml bottles of gorgeous Parfums De Marly scents, which cost £285.
The famous Maison Francis Kurkdjian Baccarat Rouge Extrait, used by the likes of singer Olivia Rodrigo and (supposedly) Drake, retails for £675 for a 200ml bottle. Other expensive scents in her collection included Bitter Peach, Black Orchid and Jasmine Rouge from Tom Ford.
Read more
Best Shark cordless vacuums of 2024 including £150 off 'Shark’s best ever hair pick-up'
She also owns a few (somewhat) affordable scents from Kayali (£72), Yves Saint Laurent, (£105), and Phlur (£96). Molly-Mae, who has a net worth of £ 6 million, is known to show off the luxury products she owns as well as the gorgeous decorations in her lavish mansion.
Earlier this year, she was criticised for flaunting her wealth. The beauty icon amassed a huge fortune thanks to her endorsement deals, brands, collaborations and content creation. Molly-Mae, Tommy and baby Bambi were enjoying a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives - where they stayed at the luxury Ritz-Carlton Maldives, Fari Islands, and where rooms cost in excess of £3,000 per night.
She shared many glimpses into her trip as well as some low points. However, her posts weren't well-received by all her fans as some criticised her for 'showing off'. After sharing a simple snap of herself standing at the hotel bar with a Chanel beach bag, which costs around £7,000, draped over her shoulders, viewers rushed to the comment section to complain.
Fans also took issue with the fact she used the caption: “And breathe…” Lashing out at the star, one follower wrote: “Breath! Tough life being a millionaire." And another slammed her, writing: “Why do you show off and brag Chanel bag." And a further bitter fan commented they would prefer if she sported a “bag from the high street” in her photos.
   Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok,     Snapchat    ,    Instagram    ,    Twitter    ,    Facebook    ,    YouTube    and    Threads .  
Stay up-to-date with all the news from the Love Island villa this summer with our regular newsletter