By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:12, 4 December 2024   |  Updated:  17:09, 8 December 2024   
 9
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo stepped out in a particularly fashionable look this week in New York City.
The 21-year-old music sensation — who is a BST Hyde Park headliner — called back to the 50s in a dark dress with a deep halter neckline and white polkadots throughout.
The flirty frock, put together by stylist duo Chloe & Chenelle Delgadillo, cropped just below Rodrigo's knees.
She teamed it with a black trench coat, white socks, and shiny black Mary Jane shoes with a block heel.
Olivia completed the look with bold red lipstick — which matched her short, glossy manicure — and a leopard print Kurt Geiger handbag.
Her shiny brunette locks were parted down the middle and arranged in sultry waves that fell down her back. 
Olivia Rodrigo stepped out in a particularly fashionable look this week in New York City
The 21-year-old music sensation called back to the 50s in a dark dress with a deep halter neckline and white polkadots throughout
Olivia took to Instagram on Tuesday night to share a slew of photos she took on the subway.
Engaging her 38.3 million followers, she uploaded outtakes via Instagram Stories and her profile grid.
The singer-songwriter shed her coat for what seemed like an impromptu photoshoot.
One snapshot showed her point-of-view and featured her in an advertisement for her Sony LinkBuds.
Rodrigo began her Guts World Tour on February 23, 2024 in Palm Springs, California.
It's scheduled to wrap on July 1, 2025 in Manchester, England.
Chappell Roan, PinkPantheress, The Breeders, Remi Wolf and New Zealand singer-songwriter Benee rotate as opening acts.
In August, Olivia completed the North American leg of the tour and celebrated by marking the milestone on social media.
Olivia took to Instagram on Tuesday night to share a slew of photos she took on the subway
The flirty frock, put together by stylist duo Chloe & Chenelle Delgadillo, cropped just below Rodrigo's knees
She teamed her dress with a black trench coat, white socks, and shiny black Mary Jane shoes with a block heel. Olivia completed the look with bold red lipstick - which matched her short, glossy manicure - and a leopard print handbag
Rodrigo, who hails from California, had a full subway car to herself 
The beauty shared a close-up selfie with her 38.3 million followers
One snapshot showed her point-of-view and featured her in an advertisement for her Sony LinkBuds
The Driver's License hitmaker gave her followers a detailed look at her outfit. She also showed fans her tin of cookies
The final stop was in Los Angeles, where she performed a string of six sold-out shows.
She wrote to her fans, 'That's a wrap on the North American tour!!!! feeling grateful x1000. see u soon Asia!!!!'
Rodrigo has been documenting bits and pieces of her travels online throughout the year.
Back in June she shared more footage from her shows as she wrapped up her time in Europe.
She wrote in a caption, 'that’s a wrap on the European leg!!!!! whatta time.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group