The 23,500-capacity venue has so far postponed gigs from Peter Kay, The Black Keys, Olivia Rodrigo and others
Manchester’s AO arena is reportedly preparing to host some of the gigs scheduled for the new Co-Op Live Arena, which has faced an onslaught of issues in recent weeks.
Originally, the new arena, located opposite the Etihad Stadium, was supposed to open with performances from Peter Kay on April 23 and 24. However, following a test event with Rick Astley, the comedian’s gigs were moved to April 29 and 30 due to a failed power test. Other gigs that were set to take place at the venue were later pushed back.
Now, with uncertainty looming about when the venue will be able to overcome its “technical issues” and commence with the shows it has lined up, reports have emerged that rival Manchester venue, the AO Arena, is preparing to host some of the upcoming events initially planned for Co-Op Live.
The reports were shared by Manchester Evening News today (May 2), which reported that organisers at the AO Arena are lining up staff to host at least two shows.
These include the A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie gig, which was set to take place last night (May 1), but was cancelled after the doors opened following a “venue-related technical issue”. At time of writing, an official rescheduled date for the gig has not yet been shared, but Manchester Evening News speculates that it is being rearranged for the AO Arena this weekend (April 4).
The outlet also reported that the upcoming show by Keane may be rearranged, and looking to be held at the AO Arena instead of Co-Op Live. That being said, Keane’s show at Co-op Live (set for Sunday, May 5) is still currently listed as going ahead on the venue’s website, with no official announcement regarding the show made as of yet.
A view of the Co-op Live arena in Manchester. The £365 million venue, the biggest indoor arena in the UK. CREDIT: Peter Byrne/PA Images via Getty Images)
As per a source speaking to Manchester Evening News, the AO Arena are currently staffing “all aspects” of the venue for this weekend, including security officers, members of the box office team and food and beverage staff.
As aforementioned, the arena was supposed to open with performances from Peter Kay on April 23 and 24, but these were the first to be pushed back due to issues.
Shortly afterwards, a gig from The Black Keys (scheduled for April 27) had to be moved to May 15, and the Peter Kay shows were moved for the second time. The comic’s shows are now expected to be held on May 23 and 24. Following the second postponement, Kay shared a statement with fans, explaining that he was left “disappointed” by the news.
Initially, organisers ensured that all other shows scheduled would be going ahead as planned, however, they then told concertgoers who were already in the venue to see A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie to leave following a “venue-related technical issue”.
Later that evening, they cancelled Olivia Rodrigo’s show, once again citing the ongoing technical issues at the arena. Following the news, the pop star shared a statement with fans, saying that she was “so disappointed” by the news. A rescheduled date for both A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie and Rodrigo have yet to be announced.
Olivia Rodrigo performs live at the 3 Arena on April 30, 2024 in Dublin. (Photo by Samir Hussein/Getty Images for LIVE Nation)
Following the slew of issues facing the arena, music lovers have come forward to express their frustration at the postponements, and branded the venue as “Manchester’s own Fyre Festival”.
“We travelled like two hours… it’s just poor, if you’re gonna cancel it, cancel beforehand, so we don’t spend money on getting here,” one fan told NME. “There’s thousands of people stood outside and you cancel it half an hour after the doors were meant to be open?” added her friend. “It’s stupid.”
Another said she was left abandoned after her mother had dropped her off and drove back home, the original plan being for someone else to pick her up after 11. “It’s a two-hour drive,” she explained. “There’s nowhere for me to go.”
Initially, organisers insisted they were “not embarrassed” by the postponements, and instead focused on getting the venue up to scratch. However, just days later, news broke that Gary Roden, the boss of the new arena, had resigned amid the controversy.
Ahead of his resignation, Roden had come under fire for his comments about grassroots music venues, in which he argued that some smaller venues in the UK are “poorly run” and dismissed calls for a £1 ticket levy on all gigs arena-sized and above.
In response, Mark Davyd, CEO of the Music Venue Trust, told NME that he believed Roden’s comments were “disrespectful and disingenuous”, while also highlighting the irony of making such “ill-judged, unnecessary and misleading” remarks on the week that their own venue was forced to postpone their own launch, due to a number of logistical problems.
Artist impression of new Co-Op Live Arena in Manchester. CREDIT: Press
Since then, the Music Venue Trust (MVT) has said the new Co-Op Live Arena is “a great idea” but has urged bosses to “work in a way that secures the future of live music”.
“It’s been a tough couple of weeks for the Co-Op Live Arena, but once the venue is open everyone will forget about that, and they can look forward to attracting thousands of music fans and offering amazing experiences to them,” read a statement shared today (May 2).
“We are having discussions with all major arenas and operators, and once they’re safely open we will continue those chats with the Co-Op Live too.”
Despite the ongoing issues at the Co-Op Live Arena, its owners are planning to build “the greatest arena in the world” in London. It comes after some historic grassroots venues have been forced to close down, with many still under threat of permanent closure.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.