A cute moment at Olivia Rodrigo’s Sydney, Australia, concert quickly got awkward when she realized she asked two siblings to kiss on camera.
It’s a bad idea… right?
Olivia Rodrigo suffered an awkward moment during her Oct. 17 concert in Sydney, Australia, when she unknowingly encouraged two siblings to kiss.
“You guys are so cute,” the “Vampire” singer told a boy and a girl that her camera panned to in the audience. “Hey, I have a really cute fun thing to ask. Would you guys give us a kiss on the Shots Cam?”
And while the crowd cheered at Rodrigo’s request, the boy quickly shook his head no, shouting, “She’s my sister!”
This prompted Rodrigo to move three steps back on her suggestion. She adorably screamed, “She’s your sister? Oh s--t! Oh s--t! Nevermind, nevermind, scrap that. Oh god, that hasn’t happened before.”
The brother in question, Tom Santo, later posted a video of the exchange on TikTok, writing, “Olivia Rodrigo asking my sister and I to kiss was not on my 2024 bingo card.”
The Grammy winner commented on the post, “I AM SO SORRY.”
However, Santo offered up a solution for Olivia replying to the comment, “We can recreate the kiss cam if you would like!???”
Unfortunately for Santo, Rodrigo is currently dating actor Louis Patridge, going public with the Enola Holmes actor at the Venice Film Festival back in August.
This isn’t the only recent onstage blunder from the “Bad Idea Right?” singer's Australia shows.
During a Melbourne stop on her Guts World Tour on Oct. 14, the Disney alum fell through a trapdoor in the stage, resulting in a painful moment caught by fans.
“Oh my God, that was fun,” she said sarcastically after the incident. “I’m okay!”
“Sometimes there’s just a hole in the stage,” she continued, making light of the dramatic moment. “That’s alright.”
Back in May, the 21-year-old also suffered an onstage wardrobe malfunction during her London show when the clasps on her top came undone, forcing her to hold it to her chest until she was able to get a dancer to help.
“This is f--king embarrassing,” she joked of the snafu at the time, which coincidentally occurred while she performed the song “Love Is Embarrassing,” adding, “I almost flashed you guys, but it’s okay now!”
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.