For four nights London's O2 Arena will be packed with thousands of music fans as they head to see pop sensation Olivia Rodrigo.


  The 'Get Him Back!' singer is heading to London as part of her sell-out Guts World Tour which has so far seen her travel across North America and now make her way around Europe.


  The Guts tour celebrates her second album, of the same name, which featured songs like 'Vampire', 'bad idea right?', 'love is embarrassing' and many more top hits.


  Tickets for Rodrigo's London dates were in high demand with many missing out on getting a chance to see the singer live.


  But for those lucky enough to bag tickets, find out everything you need to know from the seating plan, the support act, door times and even if you can still get tickets.


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Olivia Rodrigo (@oliviarodrigo)






A post shared by Olivia Rodrigo (@oliviarodrigo)


  Olivia Rodgrio will be at London's O2 Arena for four shows over four days, the dates are:


  If you are heading to see Olivia Rodrigo and you want to head down early to take in all the atmosphere when the doors open at the O2, you'll want to head down at 6.30pm for all shows.


  It is also important to know that timings are subject to change.


  If you're curious as to what your view will be for Olivia Rodrigo at the O2, you can find out. 


  The website SeatingPlan.net gives you a picture or graphic view from your exact location.


  See your view via the website. 


See What's On.  (Image: Newsquest)


  The Guts singer will be supported by singer-songwriter Remi Wolf best known for her hits Cinderella, Pool, Cheesin', Liz, Sauce and many more.


  Tickets for the Guts World Tour were in high demand with most shows all sold out for London.


  However, at the time of writing, there are still tickets available for all shows for standing costing £297.85 per person.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.