Download a transcript.
Listen and subscribe: Apple | Spotify | Wherever You Listen
Sign up to receive our weekly cultural-recommendations newsletter.
The phenomenon “ ‘BRAT’ summer”—so named for the Charli XCX album that’s become the soundtrack of Kamala Harris’s Presidential run—has given pop fans much to discuss, from Charli’s own flirtation with mainstream stardom to the meteoric rise of Chappell Roan. On the first in a series of Critics at Large interview episodes, Naomi Fry talks with her fellow staff writer Kelefa Sanneh about the state of the music landscape. The two consider the breakout successes of the moment—including “Espresso,” the Sabrina Carpenter song that launched a thousand memes—and the catastrophic failures, namely Katy Perry’s new single, “Woman’s World.” These highs and lows speak to the nature of the genre, in which artists can be cast aside as quickly as they were embraced. “Pop music, in particular, tends to be quite cutthroat,” Sanneh says. “If it’s not working, it’s flopping. And when it’s time for people to jump off the bandwagon, people jump off.”
Read, watch, and listen with the critics:
“BRAT,” by Charli XCX“Woman’s World,” by Katy Perry“ ‘Woman’s World’ Track Review,” by Shaad D’Souza (Pitchfork)“Mean girls,” by Charli XCX“Good Luck, Babe!,” by Chappell Roan“I Kissed a Girl,” by Katy Perry“SOUR,” by Olivia Rodrigo“emails i can’t send,” by Sabrina Carpenter“Espresso,” by Sabrina Carpenter“Please Please Please,” by Sabrina Carpenter“Not Like Us,” by Kendrick Lamar“The Night We Met,” by Lord Huron
New episodes drop every Thursday. Follow Critics at Large wherever you get your podcasts.
A long-ago crime, suddenly remembered.
A limousine driver watches her passengers transform.
The day Muhammad Ali punched me.
What is it like to be keenly intelligent but deeply alienated from simple emotions? Temple Grandin knows.
The harsh realm of “gentle parenting.” 
Retirement the Margaritaville way.
Fiction by F. Scott Fitzgerald: “Thank You for the Light.” 
Sign up for our daily newsletter to receive the best stories from The New Yorker.
Sections
More
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. The New Yorker may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices