The fan-favorite Stanley Quencher H.20 tumbler gets a restock. Here's how to score pink Stanley cups before they sell out.

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Shopping for a Mother’s Day gift? Stanley restocked the fan-favorite Pink Parade tumbler cup on Tuesday (May 7) — and it might not be in stock for long. 

The Pink Parade tumbler is a 30-ounce Stanley H.20 Quencher available in five, yes five, shades of pink with gold. The new collection drops at 12 p.m. ET on Tuesday. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Building a pink collection of Stanley Cups? You might want to add the fuchsia pink Quencher and the neon pink Quencher to your collection. 

	The Stanley Quencher H.20 Tumbler in fuchsia pink was unveiled on Good Morning America on Feb. 9, ahead of Valentine’s Day.

	










	The $45 tumbler was available at REI and other retailers, and it’s back in stock on the Stanley website, as well as other colors such as lilac, tigerlily plum, ash, stone and several other colors.

	Stanley’s Quencher H.20 is the new star in tumblers. The coveted tumbler has been viral for several months, but the Stanley cup obsession hit a fever pitch over the holiday season, and celebrities seem to be on board. Olivia Rodrigo, Adele and Carrie Underwood are some of the stars who have been spotted with the Stanley cup.

	The Stanley Quencher H.20 Tumbler keeps your beverages hot or cold for hours at a time, and iced for up to two days. (It even kept a drink cold in a car fire.)

	Made from recycled stainless steel, the tumbler features a double-wall vacuum insulation, a trademarked FlowState screw-on lid; a reusable straw with an ergonomic, easy-to-carry handle and a slender base that slides easily into any car cup holder.

	Similar to other limited releases, the hot pink Stanley cup and the cherry red Stanley x Starbucks Tumbler Mug, the fuchsia Stanley Quencher was initially available for a limited time at REI, with a limit of two per customer. If you miss that chance to grab the new Pink Parade cup, you can find other colors at Stanley1913.com. 

	Stanley cups are also available at several retailers, including Amazon, Nordstrom, Target and Dick’s Sporting Goods, and resale sites such as StockX. Not interested in a Stanley tumbler? See our roundup of Stanley cup alternatives here.

	For more shopping recommendations, check out the best tech deals, best workout gear and this comfortable onsie that’s perfect for a long weekend. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.