Eilish nonchalantly discussed her sexuality in a cover story for Variety, which was published in November 2023.
Eilish described herself as "physically attracted" to women, adding, "I'm attracted to them for real."
The Grammy-winning singer did not use a specific label to identify her sexuality. Shortly after, Eilish attended the Variety Hitmakers event, where she was interviewed on the red carpet.
After describing women as "pretty," the interviewer asked if Eilish intended to "come out" with her cover story.
"No, I didn't," Eilish said with a laugh. "But I kinda thought, wasn't it obvious? Like it's kinda been... I didn't realize people didn't know."
"I just don't really believe in it," she added, referring to the concept of "coming out." "Why can't we just exist? I've been doing this for a long time and I just didn't talk about it."
She later clarified on Instagram: "I like boys and girls leave me alone about it please literally who cares."
Eilish, who has publicly dated rapper 7: AMP and rocker Jesse Rutherford, sings explicitly about her attraction to women in "Lunch," the lead single from her third studio album, "Hit Me Hard and Soft."
In her 2022 single "Bikini Bottom," which became a runaway smash on TikTok, Ice Spice included a line about being attracted to both men and women.
"I like n-----, bitches too," she raps in the second verse. "Ayo, baddie, what it do?"
In a video for Genius explaining the lyrics, the Bronx rapper said this was very intentional.
"So I was just like, they need to know. We're here and we're queer," she said. "So, period."
Just a few months later, Ice Spice was tapped to feature on Taylor Swift's "Karma," in which she sprinkled similar winks about her sexuality.
Next to Swift's lyrics like "Karma is my boyfriend," Ice Spice raps, "Karma is that girl" and "Karma is a fire in your house / And she 'bout to pop up unannounced."
As one-third of the supergroup boygenius, Phoebe Bridgers opened up to Vogue UK about what it means to be a visibly queer band during a surge of anti-LGBTQ legislation.
"I'm so proud of our group dynamic, and as a bisexual woman in straight relationships, it feels weird to talk about it so much," Bridgers said.
"That said, I wish there were more types of queer people visible to me when I was growing up, and when it comes to our band and our shared dynamic, I have no shame about stepping forward and being like, 'This is what we look like and how we feel and what we believe in,'" she continued.
In the past, she was romantically linked to voice actor Emily Bannon, who apparently inspired the boygenius song "Emily I'm Sorry." Bridgers is currently dating the comedian Bo Burnham.
Dacus publicly identified herself as queer during a 2016 interview with NPR.
In 2021, the "Night Shift" singer wrote an essay for Oprah Daily, in which she reflected on that experience and grappled with the concept of "coming out."
"My mom called me after she read it, concerned, because she still saw the word 'queer' as a slur," she wrote. "I told her what it means to me, why I like it as a catch-all term, how it feels like saying not straight and none of your business."
"For some members of my family, this essay may be me coming out to them, if they read it. I've heard that coming out never ends, which sounds exhausting," Dacus continued. "Maybe I instinctively understood that coming out would never end and the fear of exhaustion is what kept me from beginning for so long. But there is also the exhaustion of ignoring yourself."
That same month, Dacus discussed the various labels for her sexuality with The New York Times.
"Gay is the overarching word, queer is the better overarching word and more specifically bisexual or pansexual," she said. "I have no allegiance. I think gender is a joke."
Halsey, who is currently dating actor Avan Jogia, has written several songs about her relationships and trysts with women, such as "Strangers," "Bad At Love," "Wipe Your Tears," and "Honey."
"I'm a young, bisexual woman, and I've spent a large part of my life trying to validate myself — to my friends, to my family, to myself — trying to prove that who I love and how I feel is not a phase; it's not part of some confusion that's going to change or could be manipulated," the Grammy-nominated singer said while accepting the GLAAD award for Outstanding Musician in 2018.
The "White Lotus" star spoke about her fluid sexuality during a 2016 interview with The Advocate.
"I know I have an androgynous thing going on, and there's something masculine about my energy," Plaza said, when asked if women ever flirt with her.
"Girls are into me — that's no secret. Hey, I'm into them too. I fall in love with girls and guys. I can't help it."
The three members of MUNA, Katie Gavin, Josette Maskin, and Naomi McPherson, have long been advocates for the LGBTQ+ community.
The pop band makes explicitly gay music, from the cult-favorite anthem "I Know a Place" to the 2022 bop "What I Want" ("I want the fireworks / I want the chemistry / I want that girl right over there to wanna date me / That's what I want, there's nothing wrong with what I want").
Gavin, MUNA's lead singer and songwriter, described the latter song as "a second adolescence; a surge that comes with that certainty."
"And then you want to make up for lost time," McPherson said in their interview with Vice, while Maskin added, "That's just the queer experience, isn't it?"
In 2023, Gavin wrote a love letter to the LGBTQ+ community for Billboard's ongoing series.
"My love for us spills into all the different corners and crevices of the city under our colorful canopy," Gavin wrote. "One of the things I'm most thankful for about being queer is that it liberated me from fulfilling others' expectations of me, and forced me to focus on what gives me joy."
The Grammy-winning rapper hit back at accusations of "queerbaiting" after she released a sensual music video with Normani for their 2021 single "Wild Side."
"I'm married to a man but I have [expressed] soo much about my bisexuality and my experiences wit girls," she wrote on Twitter, referring to her on-and-off relationship with Offset. 
"I don't like this new 'queer baiting' word," she continued, arguing that it pressures celebrities to show proof of their sexual experiences if they express queer themes in their art.
"Being a queer black woman in America, someone who has been in relationships with both men and women — I consider myself to be a free-ass motherfucker," Monáe said in a 2018 interview with Rolling Stone.
As the article makes clear, Monáe first identified as bisexual. "But then later I read about pansexuality and was like, 'Oh, these are things that I identify with too,'" Monae said. "I'm open to learning more about who I am."
Monáe, who also identifies as nonbinary, frequently explores queer themes in her music, as with her 2018 single "Pynk."
Gaga famously came out as bisexual during a 2009 interview wth Barbara Walters. The pop star and award-winning actress has written multiple songs expressing her attraction to women, and previously said anyone claiming "she's bisexual for marketing" is lying. 
In 2019, she made a speech at New York's WorldPride celebration that sparked a conversation online about bisexual erasure within the LGBTQ community.
Jolie has publicly dated both men and women, including Brad Pitt, with whom she shares six children, and model Jenny Shimizu in the '90s.
During a 2003 interview with Barbara Walters, Jolie opened up about her fluid approach to sexuality.
"I consider myself a very sexual person who loves who she loves, whatever sex they may be," she said, adding: "I feel if I fell in love with a woman tomorrow, would I… it's OK and it's right to want to kiss her and touch her if I fell in love with her in that way? Yeah."
The "Nasty" singer discussed her bisexuality in a 2020 cover story for Gay Times.
"I tend to shy away from terms — I guess this is the theme of my life! — that make people want to categorize me or put me in a box," Tinashe said. "I don't like that shit. But I can still give you a general sense of yeah, I'm bisexual. I'm somewhere on the spectrum."
"It's not like all bisexual people like men and women equally, or like all bisexual people are a certain type of person," she continued. "Human beings are so versatile. I don't understand why we're so obsessed with categorizing each other."
Shortly after the release of Ariana Grande's hit single "Thank U, Next," which Monét cowrote, she clarified her sexuality on Twitter.
"I want everyone to know that I'm single (since people wanna pretend I'm not) and make imaginary rules for me," she wrote. "I secretly and respectfully went through a difficult break up this summer but enough is enough."
"I also like girls. Thank U, Next. Bye," Monét added,
The "Jaguar" singer later described her coming out experience as "a buttercup version because I was really lucky."
"It should feel more warm for everybody," she told Billboard. "I think we should make people more comfortable."  
Today, Angèle openly identifies as bisexual, but the Belgian pop sensation didn't have a chance to tell her family before she was outed by the French press.
"If I had said to my parents: I think I like girls, then it would have been fine, but I didn't warn them, so it was a shock for them," she told The Guardian. "I think I always knew even when I was young, but when I was 15 and at school it really wasn't cool to be bisexual. It was even a bit shameful."
Baby Queen wrote her breakout hit "Want Me" about having a crush on "Killing Eve" star Jodie Comer.
Asked about this inspiration in 2021, the singer-songwriter told Business Insider that she's still exploring her sexuality.
"I'm going to be honest. I don't know," she said. "I'm fine for other people to know that I don't know, because I don't think anyone knows. I'd say, like, bisexual — but also, I just don't know. I feel like I need to figure it out. I need to go speed dating."
During a subsequent interview with BI in 2022, Baby Queen revealed that she is open to dating people of all genders, though she hasn't had much luck using apps like Raya.
"It's horrific," she joked. "All the guys are looking for blonde influencer girls... I don't fit into that. And all the girls are looking for rich football players. No one has matched with me."
Connor, who stars as the bisexual character Nick Nelson on Netflix's "Heartstopper," addressed the speculation about his sexuality during an appearance on the "Reign With Josh Smith" podcast.
"I mean, for me, I feel like I'm perfectly confident and comfortable with my sexuality," he said. "I'm not too big on labels and things like that. I'm not massive about that, and I don't feel like I need to label myself, especially publicly."
After fans of the show accused the actor of queerbaiting, he clarified his sexuality in a since-deleted tweet.
"I'm bi," he wrote. "Congrats for forcing an 18-year-old to out himself. I think some of you missed the point of the show. Bye."
In a 2021 interview with the Gay Times, Dove Cameron said it felt important to speak candidly with fans about her sexuality.
"I've hinted about my sexuality for years while being afraid to spell it out for everybody," she said.
"I went on Instagram Live and said 'Guys, I really needed to explain something to you. Maybe I haven't said it, but I'm super queer," she continued. "This is something I want to represent through my music because it's who I am."
Cameron has released songs with female pronouns and queer storylines, including the 2022 hit "Boyfriend."
"I wasn't ever afraid of people knowing who I loved," she explained to E! News. "More so, I was afraid of people having access to the human parts of me in an industry that can be so anti-human. That was definitely an emotional thing, but it turned out to be the best thing that could have ever happened to me. Mentally, I'm so much better now."
Bebe Rexha opened up about her fluid sexuality in a 2021 interview with Gay Times, saying she's attracted to "whoever inspires me."
"What I believe about sexuality is this: it's a scale," she said, adding that she considers herself "fluid."
"Until I find 'the one,' I can't just say what I am. I just want to find someone I love and who loves me – and I don't care if that's a boy or a girl," she said.
Rexha, who recently dated filmmaker Keyan Safyari, added that she has fallen in love with women in the past.
The "Telepatía" singer opened up about her bisexuality in a 2021 interview with The Day.
"I've been bisexual my whole life," she said.
"People are constantly trying to find something to invalidate," Uchis continued. "I want more people in the Latin community to feel like they can express themselves freely and not have to confine themselves." 
"Although I've never announced it publicly before, I am a proud bisexual woman," Reinhart wrote on her Instagram story.
Along with the announcement, she shared a poster for an "LGBTQ+ for #BlackLivesMatter" protest in West Hollywood, California, and encouraged her fans to come along. 
She added, "And I will be joining this protest today. Come join."
Lovato, who initially came out as bisexual to their parents in 2017, said they now identify as pansexual during an episode of Joe Rogan's podcast.
"I'm so fluid now, and a part of the reason why I am so fluid is because I was, like, super closeted off," Lovato said. When Rogan asked whether they like women or men, Lovato replied: "Yeah, anything, really."
Lovato, who identifies as nonbinary, has also said she feels "too queer" to be involved with cisgender men going forward.
"This past year I was engaged to a man, and when it didn't work, I was like, 'This is a huge sign.' I thought I was going to spend my life with someone. Now that I wasn't going to, I felt this sense of relief that I could live my truth," Lovato said after calling off their engagement with Max Ehrich after two months.
Megan Thee Stallion has made several allusions to same-sex attraction in her music, as in her 2019 song "Captain Hook" ("I be texting with a bi chick / We both freaky, just trying shit").
The following year, Megan described herself as "a free agent on the ladies side" during an Instagram Live. "I'm looking for a new girlfriend if anybody trying to be a hot girl," she added.
During a 2022 conversation with Yung Miami, Megan referenced having sex with women: "Girls are so sensual. Yeah, I feel like we know how to like, please each other." (She also offered to "top" Miami in a cheeky exchange.)
The Houston rapper, who has performed at several Pride events, publicly dated Pardison Fontaine for three years before they split in 2023.
During an appearance on Jason Lee's talk show, Yung Miami (one-half of the rap duo City Girls) said that she would happily "smash" both Cardi B and Megan The Stallion.
"I'ma smash, all day and tomorrow," she said. "Megan just give me, like — she really can, like, take me up and throw down."
"I really do like girls," she added, confirming that she identifies as bisexual.
Tyler, the Creator has generally declined to define his sexuality, but the rapper has written lyrics about his attraction to both men and women.
Throughout his Grammy-winning album "Igor," for example, Tyler grapples with the end of a same-sex relationship.
"I like girls," he told GQ in 2019. "I just end up fucking their brother every time."
Since rising to fame as a model and actor, Schafer has been linked to her "Euphoria" costar Dominic Fike and "Motomami" singer Rosalía.
In an interview with GQ, Schafer confirmed she dated Rosalía for about five months in 2019, describing her as "family no matter what."
"I have really beautiful friendships with people that I was once romantically involved with," Schafer said. "It's been so much speculation for so long. Part of us just wants to get it over with, and then another part is like, 'It's none of anybody's fucking business!' 
She added, "It's something I'm happy to share. And I think she feels that way too."
In 2021, Schafer wrote on Twitter that she is "bi or pan or something."
Ferreira, who is currently dating musician Elle Puckett, told Out magazine in 2019 that she identifies as queer.
"In my private life, it's been going on for a long time. I obviously don't really identify as a straight woman ever in my life, but I feel like now I'm really in my queerness," she said. "I'm in LA living my 'L Word' life. Isn't it amazing?"
Ocean famously shared an open letter about his sexuality mere days before his debut album, 2012's "Channel Orange," was set to drop.
"4 summers ago, I met somebody. I was 19 years old. He was too," he wrote on Tumblr. "By the time I realized I was in love, it was malignant. It was hopeless. There was no escaping, no negotiating with the feeling. No choice. It was my first love. It changed my life."
That same year, Ocean declined to label himself bisexual in an interview with GQ.
"I'll respectfully say that life is dynamic and comes along with dynamic experiences, and the same sentiment that I have towards genres of music, I have towards a lot of labels and boxes and shit," he said.
Many songs on "Channel Orange," as well his 2016 sophomore album "Blonde," see Ocean using male pronouns to address his lovers. However, many more of his lyrics illustrate attraction to women.
Ocean's 2017 single "Chanel" is widely interpreted as an allegory for bisexuality: "My guy pretty like a girl / And he got fight stories to tell / I see both sides like Chanel / C on both sides like Chanel," he sings in the hook.
"I'm very open about it — I'm pansexual," Cyrus told Elle magazine in 2015.
In subsequent years, Cyrus has spoken openly about her fluid approach to gender and sexuality.
"A big part of my pride and my identity is being a queer person," she told Vanity Fair. "What I preach is: People fall in love with people, not gender, not looks, not whatever. What I'm in love with exists on almost a spiritual level. It has nothing to do with sexuality."
"Relationships and partnerships in a new generation — I don't think they have so much to do with sexuality or gender," she continued. "Sex is actually a small part, and gender is a very small, almost irrelevant part of relationships."
In a 2022 interview with the Los Angeles Times, the Brazilian hitmaker said she came out to her family long before the docuseries premiered.
"I kissed a girl before I kissed a guy," she said. "I only told my mom after I kissed a guy, because... I didn't know how to feel. I thought there was something wrong with me for wanting to kiss a guy and a girl. But my mom just said, 'So what?'"
"My family never had an issue, but everyone else needed an answer about it," she continued. "So I said, 'I don't want to be hiding.' If I go to the club and I want to kiss a girl, I don't want to be scared of people seeing me and freaking out."
Jamil clarified her sexuality after receiving backlash for her role on HBO Max's voguing competition series, "Legendary."
The "She Hulk" actor and body-positivity advocate shared a statement, captured in screenshots of notes she had typed out on her phone. The tweet has since been deleted.
"Twitter is brutal," Jamil wrote. "This is why I never officially came out as queer. I added a rainbow to my name when I felt ready a few years ago, as it's not easy within the south Asian community to be accepted, and I always answered honestly if ever straight-up asked about it on Twitter."
"But I kept it low because I was scared of the pain of being accused of performative bandwagon jumping, over something that caused me a lot of confusion, fear, and turmoil when I was a kid," the statement read.
Parx is currently in a relationship with a woman, but told BI that she prefers to write songs without gender-specific pronouns.
"I've always been a fan of keeping things gender neutral, honestly," she said," because of the fact that I'm bi, so sometimes my song is about a boy, sometimes it's about a girl."
"I really like keeping it inclusive," Parx continued. "I really love when somebody can come up to me and say, 'I went through this with my partner,' whoever that partner is — whether it's a him or her, or whatever their pronoun is."
Bea Kristi, known professionally as beabadoobee, is a rising star in the music industry; she's labelmates with The 1975 and an opener for Taylor Swift's Eras Tour.
She's also known for writing tender love songs with both male and female pronouns, from her breakout hit "Coffee" to the queer fan-favorite "She Plays Bass."
"I did have feelings for girls but I just told everyone I was gay because no boy liked me ever," she told the New York Times. "Honestly, I was bisexual."
When asked about potentially being part of a "throuple" (a relationship between three people), Smith said she could see herself being with a man and woman at the same time.
"I love men and women equally and so I would definitely want one man, one woman," Smith said on her mom's show "Red Table Talk." "I feel like I could be polyfidelitous with those two people."
In the final season of her beloved comedy show "Broad City," Jacobson's character (also named Abbi) explored her evolving sexuality by dating a woman for the first time.
The storyline paralleled Jacobson's own journey. In 2018, she told Vanity Fair that she had dated both men and women.
Jacobson went on to portray Carson Shaw, a female baseball player coming to terms with her queerness, in Amazon Prime's 2022 series "A League of Their Own." The show took a fresh, LGBTQ-forward approach to the 1992 film of the same name.
"I can resonate with it because it's very much my story," Jacobson told Them. "I came into my sexuality super late, though you can come out even if you're way older than I was."
Jacobson married actor Jodi Balfour in 2024 after dating for three years.
Wolf, who has toured with stars like Lorde and Olivia Rodrigo, peppers her music with references to both male and female lovers — dating all the way back to her debut EP, 2019's "You're a Dog!"
In an interview with Paper magazine, Wolf described the closing track "Shawty" as an "honest song about being a queer artist and having duplicity in what it meant to write music about a casual, yet fun relationship with a woman."
Tove Lo has sung about ill-fated relationships with men, like her famous smash hit "Habits (Stay High)," and with women, like her 2019 Alma collaboration "Bad as the Boys."
"For me, sexuality is a fluid thing and it's hard to be just the one way," she told NME in 2019. "But maybe that's just because I like both."
The "Jennifer's Body" actress first opened up about her sexuality in 2008, when she revealed that she'd had a crush on a woman.
"I just think that all humans are born with the ability to be attracted to both sexes," she told GQ. "I mean, I could see myself in a relationship with a girl."
The following year, Fox elaborated in a cover story for Esquire.
"I think people are born bisexual and they make subconscious choices based on the pressures of society," she said. "I have no question in my mind about being bisexual."
The Panic! at the Disco frontman opened up about his sexuality in a 2018 interview with Paper magazine.
"I'm married to a woman and I'm very much in love with her but I'm not opposed to a man because to me, I like a person," he said.
"Yeah, I guess you could qualify me as pansexual because I really don't care. If a person is great, then a person is great. I just like good people, if your heart's in the right place. I'm definitely attracted to men. It's just people that I am attracted to."
The "Prom Dress" singer told BI that many of her love songs are gender-neutral by design.
"There's not enough songs in the world where people can listen to it, and it doesn't have any sort of gender to it, and it doesn't say like, 'Boy-oy-oy,'" she said.
"So I think that it's nice for me to be able to think about that, because heck, who knows what could happen in the future? Maybe I'll like someone else. I just think songs should exist for anyone."
YUNGBLUD, real name Dominic Harrison, appeared on the cover of Attitude magazine's September 2019 issue.
"I am more straight," he said in the cover story. "[But if] I walked down the street and met a fucking bloke tomorrow, or a trans person, you never know. It's about connection. I'm very fluid about it."
"If I fell in love with a trans person, it's just the way it is. It's on a deeper level. It doesn't matter what you've got. It's not about having a dick or a pussy."
"Gender and sexuality are so fluid. It's OK to change your mind a million times and figure out what works for you. It's OK to take your time," Stenberg told Seventeen magazine in 2018.
"I love that we have this umbrella term of 'queer,' and so many things can exist underneath it, but I realized that part of my journey was hiding underneath that umbrella, because I was scared — on a personal and a public level — to confront what I was," Stenberg continued.
"It was easier for me to say 'I'm bi' or "I'm pan' as I was figuring it out. But I came to a place where I felt really proud of my sexuality, and I decided I wanted to share that pride."
Bella Thorne simply tweeted "yes" to a fan asking whether or not she's bisexual in 2016.
While promoting her new book in 2019, Thorne said she's "actually a pansexual" during an interview on "Good Morning America."
"I didn't know that," Thorne said. "And somebody explained to me really thoroughly what that is: You like beings. You like what you like. Doesn't have to be a girl, or a guy — a he, a she, a they, a this, or that. It's literally, you like personality."
Thompson told Net-a-Porter that she's attracted to both men and women.
"I can take things for granted because of my family – it's so free and you can be anything that you want to be," Thompson said. "I'm attracted to men and also to women. If I bring a woman home, [or] a man, we don't even have to have the discussion."
Wood came out as bisexual in a tweet in 2012 saying, "I myself am bisexual and have always 'joked' about Miley giving me gay vibes. Not a bad thing! Just an observation."
She has since become an advocate for bisexual awareness, though in 2013, Wood told a fan that she has ambivalent feelings about specific labels.
"I prefer 'queer,'" Wood wrote on Twitter. "Bisexual works too except I don't exclude transgender people. This is why labels are tricky."
Hedges stars as the titular character in 2018's "Boy Erased," whose parents send him to conversion therapy after he comes out as gay. 
"I owe it to this part to speak as honestly as possible," Hedges told Vulture in an interview about the film. "In the early stages of my life, some of the people I was most infatuated with were my closest male friends. That was the case through high school, and I think I was always aware that while for the most part I was attracted to women, I existed on a spectrum."
"You're not confused if you're bisexual," Stewart told The Guardian in 2017. "It's not confusing at all. For me, it's quite the opposite."
The "Twilight" star also spoke to the complexity that comes with having her sexuality in the spotlight.
"I mean, it's hard to talk about," Stewart said. "I don't want to seem presumptuous, because everyone has their own experience. The whole issue of sexuality is so grey. I'm just trying to acknowledge that fluidity, that greyness, which has always existed. But maybe only now are we allowed to start talking about it."
Over two decades ago, Drew Barrymore came out in an interview in Contact Magazine, saying, "Do I like women sexually? Yeah, I do. Totally. I have always considered myself bisexual."
"I love a woman's body. I think a woman and a woman together are beautiful, just as a man and a woman together are beautiful."
"I've gone both ways. I do as I please," the "Fast and Furious" and "Avatar" star said to Entertainment Weekly. "I am too fucking curious to sit here and not try when I can. Men are intriguing. So are chicks."
When asked later about the decision to open up about her love life, Rodriquez told Latina Magazine: "I'm getting older. Eventually it's going to wrinkle up and I'm not going to be able to use it. I wanted to be honest about who I am and see what happens."
Jauregui came out as bisexual in a 2016 Billboard op-ed piece, writing, "I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it."
The following year, the former Fifth Harmony member collaborated with Halsey on her song "Strangers," a pop duet about an ill-fated gay romance. The lyrics initially had both artists singing about an unnamed "he."
"Then I got a text from her: 'Hey, babe, you can totally shut this down, but I was thinking we could switch the pronouns,'' Jauregui told Out Magazine. "I was like, 'Bitch, I was thinking the same thing!'"
Kesha says she prefers not to use labels, but told Seventeen Magazine, "I don't love just men. I love people. It's not about a gender. It's just about the spirit that exudes from that other person you're with."
The legendary record producer came out as bisexual in his memoir, "The Soundtrack Of My Life."
"The adage is that you're either straight or gay or lying, but that's not my experience," Davis wrote. "To call me anything other than bisexual would be inaccurate."
When The Advocate asked the Black Eyed Peas frontwoman about her bisexual past and why it wasn't a "trendy" thing for her, she said, "The funny thing is that I was very open and honest about that from the very beginning, and everyone was acting like it was some new trend. Go back four or five years, people, and you'll see the same answer."
In 2015, Cumming told The Advocate, "My sexuality has never been black and white; it's always been gray. I'm with a man, but I haven't closed myself off to the fact that I'm still sexually attracted to women."
Now he's added a section about his sexuality to the FAQ on his website.
"I'm not here to change people's minds about whether they believe in bisexuality," it reads. "All I'm saying is that I think my sexuality and most people's sexuality is gray. I am married to a man. I have a healthy sexual appetite and a healthy imagination. I also have an attraction to women. I've never lost it, actually."
"I think I've always been bisexual," Armstrong said in a 1995 interview with The Advocate.
"I mean, it's something that I've always been interested in. I think people are born bisexual, and it's just that our parents and society kind of veer us off into this feeling of 'Oh, I can't.' They say it's taboo. It's ingrained in our heads that it's bad, when it's not bad at all. It's a very beautiful thing."
After talking openly about being with men and women, the "Suicide Squad" star expressed frustration about the way some people misidentify her as gay.
"A lot of the friends I have who are straight have such an old way of thinking," Delevingne said in an interview for Glamour. "It's 'So you're just gay, right?' [They] don't understand it. [If] I'm like, 'Oh, I really like this guy,' [they're like], 'But you're gay.' I'm like, 'No, you're so annoying!'"
Sia came out as queer in August 2013, tweeting, "I'm queer. I don't really identify as a lesbian because I've dated predominantly men. But I've certainly dated women."
The "Grey's Anatomy" star came out as queer during a speech at True Colors Fund's 40 to None Summit.
"So many of our youth experiencing homelessness are youth whose lives touch on many intersections — whether they be gender identity, gender expression, race, class, sexual orientation, religion, citizenship status," they said.
"Because of the intersections that exist in my own life: woman, multi-racial woman, woman of color, queer, bisexual, Mexican-Irish American, immigrant, and raised by families heavily rooted in Catholicism on both my Mexican and Irish sides, I am deeply invested in projects that allow our youth's voices to be heard."
Ramirez has since come out as nonbinary.
Cho said in a 2018 interview with Huffington Post that she's not sure if bisexual is necessarily the right word, "because that indicates that there's only two genders, and I don't believe that."
"I've been with people all across the spectrum of gender and who have all kinds of different expressions of gender, so it's so hard to say," she continued. "Maybe 'pansexual' is technically the more correct term but I like 'bisexual' because it's kind of '70s. [Laughs] There's something very chic about that word and I guess that's probably the right one for me."
In an interview with Women's Health Magazine, Hough said she told her husband that she wasn't straight, which many fans interpreted as her speaking out against bisexual-erasure.
"I [told him], 'You know I'm not straight, right?'" Hough said to Women's Health. "And he was like, 'I'm sorry, what?' I was like, 'I'm not. But I choose to be with you.'"
In February 2019, Singh tweeted a checklist of identifiers: Female, colored, bisexual.
"Throughout my life these have proven to be obstacles from time to time," Singh wrote. "But now I'm fully embracing them as my superpowers. No matter how many 'boxes' you check, I encourage you to do the same."
Bassett is one of several stars who have declined to label their sexuality, but he has confirmed he's "happy to be a part of the LGBTQ+ community."
The "High School Musical: The Musical: The Series" star shared a statement on Twitter after he made headlines for calling Harry Styles "hot" in a video interview.
"My entire life people have told me my sexuality,"he wrote. "People have shamed me for things they know nothing about. I want to say thank you to those of you who stand for love and acceptance."
In a subsequent interview with GQ, Bassett said he is "anti-coming out in the sense that there's no need to." 
"There are plenty of letters in the alphabet... Why bother rushing to a conclusion? Sometimes your letter changes, sometimes you try a different one, other times you realize you're not what you thought you were, or maybe you always knew," he explained. "All of these can be true. I'm happy to be a part of the LGBTQ+ community because they embrace all. Don't let anyone tell you love isn't love. They're the ones who probably need it the most."
"Follow your gut and don't feel like you owe any sort of explanation to anyone," Daya wrote. "Your sexuality is yours only so build with it at a pace that works for you. I'm proud to be a bisexual member of the LGBTQ community with a girl I love who makes me feel more like me every day."
Daya added that she has received plenty of support and "though it wasn't always easy I also recognize how privileged I am to have had so much of it, so I especially wanna be there for those of u who aren't surrounded by the most accepting family/friends/communities."
After penning a poem for Billboard Magazine during 2018's Pride Month, Mraz got some attention for the line: "I am bi your side."
"Honestly, I didn't realize it was going to be so telling," Mraz told Billboard. "But I've had experiences with men, even while I was dating the woman who became my wife. It was like, 'Wow, does that mean I am gay?' And my wife laid it out for me. She calls it 'two spirit,' which is what the Native Americans call someone who can love both man and woman. I really like that."
Jackson identifies as part of the LGBTQ+ community and has mentioned crushing on girls in magazine interviews, but she prefers not to be called bisexual.
"I'm not bisexual," Jackson wrote in an Instagram post. "I just love people for people. I don't label myself so please don't label me. Thank you!"
"I like to change my hair, I like to take risks with how I dress, I like girls, and I like guys (yes), I like growing, I like learning, I like who I am and I really like who I'm becoming," the "Love, Simon" star wrote in an Instagram post.
"I said, I'm not straight," Lonsdale told EW when asked about his coming out story. with his friends. "I don't really label myself as anything. I have been in love with guys and I have been in love with girls. That's me."
"I don't identify as anything," Heard told Allure in 2017. "I'm a person. I like who I like. I happened to be dating a woman, and people started taking pictures of us walking to our car after dinner. I [was] holding her hand, and I realized that I have two options: I can let go of her hand and, when asked about it, I can say that my private life is my private life. Or I could not let go and own it."
It was when Heard decided to "own it" back in 2010 that the bisexual label first came into play, though she's since decided against using the term.
"It's limiting, that LGBTQ thing," she told Allure. "It served a function as an umbrella for marginalized people to whom rights were being denied, but it loses its efficacy because of the nuanced nature of humanity [...] I don't care how many letters you add. At some point, it's going to spell 'WE ARE HUMAN.'"
"I was a tomboy growing up, and I remember my mom asking me when I was 10, 'Are you attracted to boys or girls?' I said 'I don't know,'" Shawkat told Out Magazine. "Now I consider myself bisexual, and I think balancing my male and female energies has been a big part of me growing as an actor."
In 2017, "The Walking Dead" star came out as bisexual to his fans on social media and promoted the hashtag #OutandProud with supportive messages about visibility within the LGBTQ+ community.
The "Stranger Things" actor came out as bisexual on Twitter.
"I don't normally do this, but I figure now is as good a time as any to get personal," Purser wrote. "I've only just recently come out as bisexual to my family and friends. It's something I am still processing and trying to understand and I don't like talking about it too much. I'm very very new to the LGBT community."
"I'm bi, and I'm getting married this fall," Beatriz wrote in 2018. "I'm choosing to get married because this particular person brings out the best in me. This person happens to be a man. I'm still bi."
She continued: "I've chosen to use that platform to speak openly about my bi-ness, because of other people who may feel invisible and unsure of whether or not to come out as bisexual."
Paquin came out as bisexual in a PSA for the Give a Damn Campaign aimed at promoting gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender equality by saying, "I'm bisexual, and I give a damn."
She's been married to her co-star Stephen Moyer since 2010, and several times has had to make it clear that being married to a man doesn't make her any less bisexual.
"Proud to be a happily married bisexual mother," Paquin tweeted in 2014. "Marriage is about love not gender."
"I wasn't out before the relationship, but I wasn't in," Davis said in an interview with the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. "I dated men and women, though lesbians weren't feeling the bisexual thing. Now I'm in love with a woman I think I can be with forever."
"The way I would choose to identify myself wouldn't be gay," Miller said to The Daily Beast in 2012. "I've been attracted mostly to 'shes,' but I've been with many people and I'm open to love wherever it can be found."
Ciara Applebaum contributed to a previous version of this article.
Jump to