"Don’t sit this one out. It’s the one where we will lose big... this shit is real and it’s going to come for you"
Several cast members of Marvel‘s Avengers franchise have re-assembled to voice their endorsement of Kamala Harris as the next President of the United States – see what they had to do below.
In a new clip shared on Instagram by Mark Ruffalo, he picks up a video call from Scarlett Johansson to find that some of his cast mates are in the chat too. They quickly get down to business, discussing their voting plans for the upcoming November 5 elections.
The other Avengers cast mates on the call besides Ruffalo and Johansson were Robert Downey Jr., Chris Evans, Don Cheadle, Paul Bettany and Danai Gurira. Downey Jr. quickly suggests that Kamala Harris needs a catchphrase, with Evans chiming in to suggest his tagline “I can do this all day”.
‘The Avengers’ cast. Credit: Kevin Mazur/MTV1415/WireImage
The suggestion was met with boos, before Danai Gurira offered her own suggestion in reference to Black Panther: “Kamala Forever”. After some back and forth, Bettany suggests they go with something simpler, and the team agree upon “I’m Kamala Harris and I’m down with democracy”.
Ruffalo wrote in his Instagram caption to accompany the video: “Don’t sit this one out. It’s the one where we will lose big: Project 2025, women’s reproductive rights, climate change, LGBTQIA+ rights, public education, student debt relief, Affordable Care Act, Social Security, and as of today, life saving vaccines. This shit is real and it’s going to come for you.”
See the full video below.
A post shared by Mark Ruffalo (@markruffalo)
The group’s endorsement comes shortly after actor and former Republican governor Arnold Schwarzenegger shared that he would be voting in favour of Harris at the upcoming elections: “I will always be an American before I am a Republican. That’s why, this week, I am voting for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz. I’m sharing it with all of you because I think there are a lot of you who feel like I do. You don’t recognise our country. And you are right to be furious.”
Elsewhere, Leonardo DiCaprio and Bad Bunny recently endorsed Harris with the latter sharing clips of Harris’ plans for Puerto Rico – a territory of the United States – four times on his Instagram stories. Other famous faces that are backing Harris include Bruce Springsteen, Taylor Swift, Charli XCX, Chappell Roan, Megan Thee Stallion, P!nk, Bon Iver,  Quavo, Billie Eilish, Olivia Rodrigo and Finneas.
In other news, Stevie Nicks recently urged musicians to use their platforms as a way to encourage people to go and vote.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.