Hailed for its musical links, Manchester has been named as one of the New York Times' must-visit destinations for 2024. The northern city is bursting with charm and oozing with cool, thanks to unique and eclectic restaurants, bars, shops, museums, galleries, hotels and places to stay dotted throughout its heart.
The city, also known as the birthplace of the Industrial Revolution, continues to change with multiple big businesses relocating to the north over the last decade.
  READ MORE    Egypt's seaside town among best destinations for 2024  [INSIGHT] 
However, it is the music scene which has inspired the New York Times to include Manchester on its list of 52 places to visit in 2024.
"Music has long been at the core of Manchester’s gritty soul, from Joy Division and the Stone Roses to Oasis and, now, Harry Styles, who is backing Britain’s largest new music arena, Co-op Live," said New York Times writer Nora Walsh.
The Co-op Live arena is set to be the UK's largest indoor arena, with a capacity of 23,500 people. However, despite being due to open in April, the venue is yet to officially open its doors and has cancelling tours from Peter Kay and Olivia Rodrigo.
But Manchester has much more in store for the year ahead than the arena alone.
  DON'T MISS     Inside the world’s most luxurious first class cabin - pictures  [PHOTOS]     I flew with Ryanair for the first time and one extra was worth the cost  [OPINION]     France’s most walkable city is magnificent and it’s not Paris  [INSIGHT] 
Nora continued: "For those interested in emerging talent, the city will host two major music conferences this year, including Worldwide Music Expo, a behemoth packed with concerts, speakers, films and an awards ceremony, and Beyond the Music, a smorgasbord of performances, parties, workshops and more.
"In November, Laurie Anderson will headline the Factory International Arts Centre with 'ARK', a multimedia 'dark comedy for the end of the world.'"
If history and architecture are your thing, the city is home to some stunning buildings including the gothic John Rylands Library and Manchester Cathedral. Manchester Art Gallery and the Whitworth serve up swathes of fine art and gallery spaces.
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Attractions to keep the whole family entertained include The Science and Industry Museum, Play Factore and LEGOLAND Discovery Centre. And, of course, football runs through the city's veins, home to the grounds of both Manchester United and Manchester City, plus the National Football Museum.
Thanks to an increase in tourism over the years, the city is home to an abundance of hotels to suit all price points and desires. At the time of writing, Tripadvisor reviews have named Dakota Manchester as the city's "best luxury hotel", with an impressive five-star rating.
Prices vary depending on your dates of travel, but for upcoming dates, Booking.com has rooms on offer from £228 per night.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated