Ingrid Andress sings the national anthem prior to the 2024 T-Mobile Home Run Derby at Globe Life Field on Monday, July 15, 2024 in Arlington, Texas. (Photo by Daniel Shirey/MLB Photos via Getty Images)MLB Photos via Getty Images
Country singer says she was drunk during national anthem, will go to rehab
Country singer Ingrid Andress says she was “drunk” during her national anthem performance at the MLB Home Run Derby on Monday. 
The Grammy-nominated performer, best known for hits “Wishful Drinking” and “More Hearts Than Mine,” went viral when she sang in cursive, sparking social media questions about whether it was her pitchy rendition of “Star-Spangled Banner” was worse than Fergie and Roseanne Barr. Cameras showed a few baseball players appearing to smile and hold back laughter.
“I was drunk last night,” Andress admitted in a statement Tuesday. “I’m checking myself into a facility today to get the help I need. That was not me last night.”
“I apologize to MLB, all the fans, and this country I love so much for that rendition,” she continued. “I’ll let y’all know how rehab is I hear it’s super fun.”
Andress was expected to release a new song, “Colorado 9,” later this month. It’s unclear if checking into a treatment facility for apparent alcohol abuse will affect her upcoming performance schedule.
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices