Walmart offers reduced prices on 5 Stanley tumblers for limited time Deals EventYzzy Liwanag | YLiwanag@syracuse.com
Walmart is officially on the second day of its Deals Event. The limited-time event ends on Sunday, October 13 (10/13/2024), meaning shoppers will have a total of five days to shop massive deals, including deals on Stanley Tumblers. 
One of the bigger Stanley discounts is with the Stanley The Quencher H2.O FlowState 40oz Tumbler for just $28. The innovative FlowState lid includes a rotating cover with three settings: a straw opening that minimizes splashes while securely holding the reusable straw, a drink opening, and a fully covered top.
The tumbler, part of the Adventure Series, features double-wall vacuum insulation that keeps drinks hot for 7 hours, cold for 11 hours, and iced for 2 days. Made with 90% recycled 18/8 stainless steel, it includes a recycled stainless steel icon inside to indicate its sustainable materials and has a durable powder coat finish.
The ergonomic handle features comfort-grip inserts for easy transport, while the slim base is designed to fit into almost any car cup holder.
This travel tumbler is perfect for staying hydrated throughout the day. Bring it along for a high-intensity workout or on a long family road trip to keep your drink cold for hours.
Forget Prime Day: Shoppers can’t miss these 5 deal events happening this week
Check out all the markdowns at Walmart’s Deal Event here.
Generative AI was used to produce an initial draft for this story, based on data provided by Walmart. It was reviewed and edited by Syracuse.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices