By
Erinn Callahan
In just one short week, we will learn the identity of The Voice season 26 winner. Monday (Dec. 2) kicks off the Live Shows. Here’s a look at the Top 8 artists still fighting to take home the crown.
[RELATED: How to Vote for ‘The Voice’ Live Shows: Save Your Favorite Artist]
The Newark, New Jersey native has demonstrated some truly incredible range during his time on The Voice, nailing everything from Miley Cyrus to Kansas. Following his Playoff performance of “Dust in the Wind,” Stefani declared Jan Dan “a painter with his voice.”
Sydney Sterlace’s four-chair performance of Olivia Rodrigo’s “Driver’s License” had The Voice fans dubbing her “a mini Kelly Clarkson” after the Blind Auditions. Watch the 16-year-old New Yorker channel her inner Taylor Swift on “betty.”
Shye scored a four-chair turn with her Blind Audition performance of Five For Fighting’s “Superman (It’s Not Easy.”) During the Playoff Rounds, the 18-year-old Team Bublé member paid tribute to the late Liam Payne with a throaty rendition of One Direction’s “Story Of My Life.” The performance landed Shye in the Top 8 and drew comparisons to Tracy Chapman from Playoff Advisor Carly Pearce.
Sofronio Vasquez was one of the few The Voice contestants to earn an instant four-chair turn with his soulful cover of Mary J. Blige’s “I’m Going Down” during Blind Auditions. The Filipino-born artist has consistently remained at the front of the pack with performances like Roy Orbison’s “Crying.”
Imagine the guts it takes to perform Reba McEntire’s biggest hit in front of Reba McEntire herself. Christina Eagle did just that with a powerful spin on “Fancy.” She’s certainly one to watch headed into The Voice season 26 Live Shows.
Memphis’ Jeremy Beloate certainly doesn’t lack the vocal chops or the stage presence to go all the way on The Voice. Watch him “penetrate” the hearts of Reba and Snoop with this performance of “The Impossible Dream.”
Reba McEntire was the only coach to turn her chair during Adam Bohanon’s Blind Audition performance of Marc Broussard’s “Home.” And that decision just might make her a repeat winner on The Voice. “Adam is a force of nature,” Reba said.
Based in Dallas, Texas, Danny Joseph has ridden his “gravelly, rock ‘n’ roll, hardcore singing style” all the way to the Top 8. Tune in to The Voice at 7 p.m. Central to see if he can crack the Top 5.
Featured image via Instagram
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand