Suki Waterhouse will begin her tour on Sept. 28 in Denver, Colo.Jeremy Soma
“OMG,” Sukie Waterhouse has just announced a tour, which means you need to get tickets.
Waterhouse’s “The Sparklemuffin Tour” will begin on Sept. 28 in Denver and will wrap up on Dec. 21 in Atlanta.
While on tour, the singer will perform in Brooklyn, N.Y. on Dec. 7.
Joining as a special guest for the tour will be her label mate Bully.
Presale for “The Sparklemuffin Tour” will begin on May 8 at 8 a.m. and end on May 10 at 9 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
Fans can RSVP through her official website to receive the artist presale code on Wednesday.
The general sale will then begin on May 10 at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
If you miss out on tickets through the general sale, then you can find tickets on secondary market websites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketCity and SeatGeek.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 with promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
You can find a full calendar of Suki Waterhouse’s tour dates here.
Suki Waterhouse is not the only artist on a huge tour right now.
Here are a few more tours you won’t want to miss: Morgan Wallen, Melanie Martinez, Olivia Rodrigo and Justin Timberlake.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices