Mariah Carey strutted along the Great Wall of China with undeniable glamour, sharing snapshots on X, the platform formerly known as Twitter.
The diva dazzled in a chic black dress paired with butterfly accessories, statement sunglasses, and heels, a choice she humorously regretted. Her hair was elegantly styled, bangs swept to the side. Her kids, Monroe and Moroccan, opted for a more relaxed vibe, with Moroccan in a graphic tee and loose shorts, and Monroe sporting Olivia Rodrigo tour merchandise.
Mariah's playful caption read: "At the Great Wall of China! Someone should've warned me about heels [heels emoji] (not that I would've listened)." In a series of images, Mariah is seen beaming behind her oversized shades at the historic site, even jubilantly raising an arm.
Another snap captures her coyly lowering her glasses, playfully engaging with the camera against the backdrop of the Great Wall. A video clip also shows the star carefully ascending the steps with assistance from her security team, ensuring her stylish yet impractical footwear didn't lead to a mishap, reports the Mirror US.
Fans on Twitter were hardly surprised but all the more impressed to witness Mariah Carey strutting down the 13,171-mile-long Great Wall of China in her heels. One admirer tweeted: "Only Mariah Carey would walk the Great Wall of China in heels (and actually be able to do it)."
Another fan exclaimed: "First woman to walk the Great Wall in heels. Another day, another record for the Queen! ." A third social media user expressed concern, asking: "There's no way you wore heels the whole time. are your feet ok?" Meanwhile, a fourth demanded evidence: "i want to see the full video of every step in heels cause i definitely believe she was carried up to the end if not that's dope work."
The show continues as many other followers of Mariah rejoiced at seeing her enjoy her time with her children after suffering such devastating personal losses. Confirming the heart-wrenching news to PEOPLE at the end of August, Mariah shared: "My heart is broken that I've lost my mother this past weekend.
Sadly, in a tragic turn of events, my sister lost her life on the same day. I feel blessed that I was able to spend the last week with my mom before she passed. I appreciate everyone's love and support and respect for my privacy during this impossible time."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.