"So have you guys ever heard of a diarrhea factory?" Stewart asked Kimmel's kids as the car pulled up to Arby's.
Emlyn Travis is a news writer at Entertainment Weekly with over five years of experience covering the latest in entertainment. A proud Kingston University alum, Emlyn has written about music, fandom, film, television, and awards for multiple outlets including MTV News, Teen Vogue, Bustle, BuzzFeed, Paper Magazine, Dazed, and NME. She joined EW in August 2022.
 Last year, Jimmy Kimmel’s kids received the surprise of their lives when Olivia Rodrigo popped by to join them on their way to school. Now, a new famous friend has joined their carpool and, well, consider the kids a little less excited. 

 In a clip from Monday's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live, the late night host, his wife Molly McNearney, and their two children Jane and Billy appeared to be on their routine route to school when Jimmy suddenly pulled over to pick up a hitchhiking man standing in some heavy foliage. The cameras then revealed it was Daily Show host Jon Stewart, who happily scooted his way into the middle seat of the car for the rest of their adventure.

 “Do you guys know who this is?” Jimmy asked his kids. When they didn’t reply, Stewart then added, “They’re overwhelmed. You know they say don’t meet your heroes.” 

Jimmy Kimmel Live/Youtube
 In an attempt to connect with Billy and Jane, Stewart asked if they felt the same level of excitement about driving to school with him as they had with Rodrigo. When Jane agreed, Stewart leaned forward and stage-whispered to Jimmy and Molly, “Your daughter is the nicest person I’ve ever met. She’s being so kind to me. It’s unbelievable.”

 He also finally took a moment to properly introduce himself to the kids. 

 “So, my name is Jon Stewart of The Daily Show, but he only works on Mondays because he’s very old and, I don’t wanna say ‘brittle,’ but if he were to work as much as my mom and my dad work, he would turn into a bag of dust,” Stewart explained. “As you get older, a lot of the moisture from your body just evaporates. So when you’re young, you’re a grape, and then you get to be my age and you’re a raisin. And then you can only work Mondays.”

 Explaining the aging process must've given Stewart a healthy appetite, because Jimmy pulled the car over in front of an Arby’s for a bite to eat. The comedian then asked the kids, “So have you guys ever heard of a diarrhea factory?” 

 A laughing Jimmy then came to the fast food chain’s defense, telling Billy and Jane that Arby’s actually catered his 30th birthday. In response, Molly quipped, “That was before I came along.” 

 The whole car then rocked out to Rodrigo’s “Ballad of a Homeschooled Girl,” with Stewart and Jane screaming its lyrics. When Billy voiced his concern about whether or not there was a “bad word’ in the song, Stewart suggested that he “shout a bad word and we’ll just pretend that it’s in the song” and unexpectedly set off a hilariously bad chain reaction. 

 “F---!” Billy shouted as all three adults covered their faces to hide their laughter. When Jane joined in with her own curse word, Molly replied, “No! What is happening!” 

 Jimmy took the situation as a learning experience, and told Molly, “We have to be more careful about who we let our kids hang around with.” However, Stewart interjected, “They’ve corrupted me! I didn’t do anything! I was just sitting here!”

 Watch Stewart join the family on their way to school in the clip above. 

 Want more movie news? Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free newsletter to get the latest trailers, celebrity interviews, film reviews, and more.

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)