Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Bosses insist they have 'robust plans' in place ahead of the first clash between a Manchester City home game and a concert at the new Co-op Live arena.
Boasting a potential capacity of 23,500, the new £365 million venue next to the Etihad Stadium will become the UK's biggest indoor arena.
It's grand opening is now less than a fortnight away, with it set to host its first-ever live act - Bolton comedian Peter Kay - on Tuesday, April 23. However, one of the first major tests of its impact on the surrounding traffic, travel and infrastructure is likely to come 10 days later.
READ MORE: Two Greater Manchester restaurants named among top places to eat in the UK
On Saturday, May 4, City host Wolves at the Etihad with the crunch Premier League match having been moved to a 5:30pm kick-off for TV coverage. 
That same night, American pop star Olivia Rodrigo is playing a sold-out show at Co-op Live, with the majority of fans likely to be arriving around the time that the City game finishes.
On Sunday, May 19, City face West Ham at 4pm, a game following which they could potentially lift the Premier League trophy. And that evening legend Barry Manilow is playing at Co-op Live.
Whilst if City overcome Real Madrid and qualify for the semi-finals of the Champions League, the the home leg would take place on May 7 or 8, the week of Take That's run of shows next door.
There will also be a 'limited number' throughout the rest of the calendar year bosses say, however, these are not yet known due to next season's football fixtures not yet being confirmed.
During the planning process for the arena, in which the City's owners the City Football Group have a joint stake and pop heartthrob Harry Styles is also an investor, it was made clear that there would be days on which events were held at both.
Insiders at City and Co-op Live say this is not a new phenomenon, with events having previously been simultaneously held at the Academy Stadium, Regional Athletics Arena and Squash Centre which are all on the Etihad Campus.
They say they are working together and with organisations such as Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) and that there will be special plans in place to manage crowd flows around the campus on the days there are multiple events, and that any specific travel advice will be communicated to fans and gig-goers.
TfGM also insist they have 'robust' travel plans in place, including putting on extra-double trams to and from the Etihad. The M.E.N understands Metrolink will be able to take 4,000 people per hour between the city centre and the campus at peak times and 2,000 per hour between the stadium and Ashton.
Co-Op Live and TfGM have already announced that ticket holders for events there will be able to get free travel anywhere on the Metrolink network from four hours before doors open to four hours after the event finishes. The initiative is currently in place until June 30. 
Free shuttle buses will also run from Joe Mercer Way outside the arena to Piccadilly Gardens, for the opening season. Similar shuttles operate from outside the Etihad each match day.
Whilst MCFC and Co-op Live have also submitted a planning application for the regeneration of 'Citylink' – a walking route between the Etihad Campus and the Holt Town tram stop. And new special match day buses to the Etihad from areas across Greater Manchester were launched last month.
Danny Vaughan, TfGM’s Head of Metrolink, said: “We have worked with partners on robust plans to ensure people are able to easily get to and from the Etihad Campus when matches and entertainment events are taking place around the same time.
“We will be encouraging people to plan ahead and highlighting multiple-event days with increased social media and electronic roadside messaging. There will also be dedicated travel advice on our website and newsletters with specific information for football fans and eventgoers.
“Metrolink will run as many double-trams as possible between the city centre and Etihad Campus, with a bespoke city centre shuttle bus in place for football fans leaving the game directly from the stadium.
"These events are planned in great detail and there will be loads of staff on hand to deal with every possible scenario. We are confident that, while it will be busy on the transport network, it will be a great day for everybody going to either event.
“Matchday buses are also in place for City fans, operating from over 60 towns across Greater Manchester, High Peak and Cheshire, while those going to Co-op Live will have tram travel and a bespoke shuttle bus back to city centre included with their event ticket.
“We will be monitoring the network for any escalating incidents on the day and providing up to date travel information as people make their way to the football and Co-op Live concert.”