Olivia is a huge Gwen Stefani fan.
On Saturday night, Olivia Rodrigo made a surprise appearance on stage with No Doubt during their 2024 Coachella set in Indio, California. Gwen Stefani and Rodrigo sang together, backed by band members Tony Kanal, Tom Dumont, and Adrian Young. Stefani welcomed Rodrigo to the stage, and the Guts Tour performer was wearing an “I [heart] ND” tank top in reference to the band—she's a huge fan, too.
In fact, Rodrigo wore another shirt during her first show on her Guts Tour that read “I’m Just a Girl,” in reference to No Doubt’s popular song. In 2022, she even performed a cover “I’m Just a Girl” during her Sour Tour.
Stefani was wearing a nostalgic ‘90s style two-piece in plaid, with glamorous makeup including blue eyeliner and silver gems adorning her forehead.  
“Hey Olivia Rodrigo, why do girls like me and you always want the bad boys,” Stefani asked Rodrigo, adding, “The damaged, the stupid, dumb boys!”
Together, they sang No Doubt’s hit “Bathwater.” 
In an interview with American Songwriter, Rodrigo called Stefani a “true artist.”
“Gwen’s ability to evolve and explore different styles of music, songwriting and aesthetic while still remaining true to herself is incredibly inspiring,” Rodrigo said. “To me, she’s a prime example of an artist who defies stereotypes and preconceived boundaries and just makes stuff that she thinks is cool. If that’s not a true artist, I don’t know what is.”
In another profile with Nylon, Rodrigo said she bought No Doubt’s 2000 album Return of Saturn when she was only 15, and it hugely influenced her.
“Gwen sang about being a woman moving about this world in detail that I had never before heard put to music,” said Rodrigo. “She unapologetically sings about things ranging from wanting to make out with someone to fantasizing about having a husband and kids. There’s so much heart in every word she says, and every song feels like it’s ripped from the diary of the coolest girl you know.” 
Aimée Lutkin is the weekend editor at ELLE.com. Her writing has appeared in Jezebel, Glamour, Marie Claire and more. Her first book, The Lonely Hunter, will be released by Dial Press in February 2022.
The Best Mother's Day Gifts
The 29 Best Mother’s Day Sales Of 2025
The Total Myth Of The Midlife Crisis 
The Ultimate Spring Break For The Whole Family
7 Yellow Pieces to Bring More Joy Into Your Home
Why Hugs Are So Crucial to Raising Good Kids
Inside Kelsey Plum's Dawg Class
Crushing Cars, Rebuilding My Life
42 Mother’s Day Gifts You Can Shop On Amazon
How Astronaut Kellie Gerardi Navigates IVF
Apple Deals on Amazon: Shop Now
8 Softest Bed Sheets, Tested By Lifestyle Editors
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazines, Inc. All Rights Reserved.