"It was the most special show and the most meaningful trip," the star wrote.

													By
												

	Hannah Dailey


Olivia Rodrigo‘s first-ever concert in the Philippines was anything but sour on Saturday (Oct. 5), especially after the 21-year-old pop star donated all the net profits from her ticket sales to a charity supporting women’s health.

	Shortly after the Guts World Tour stop in Bocaue’s Philippine Arena concluded, Rodrigo — who is half Filipina — announced her partnership with Jhpiego on Instagram. “been dreaming of this show for a whileeeee,” the “Vampire” singer wrote, sharing a video of herself waving to her fans on stage at the show. “my first time in the Philippines and also my biggest venue ever!!!!! thank you to everyone Manila for welcoming me so generously and making me feel so loved.”

	










	“I’m SO stoked that all the net ticket sales from last night could be donated to @jhpiego through my fund 4 good,” Rodrigo continued. “I got to visit the organization while I was in Manila and was so impressed by the work they are doing providing healthcare to women and girls in the Philippines. It was the most special show and the most meaningful trip. to say I’m grateful doesn’t even cut it! Mahal kita.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	The three-time Grammy winner also included photos from her visit to the Jhpiego office, one of which showed her sitting around a conference table with a group of women and another of which found the star posing with people from the organization and a custom “welcome” sign. In another snap, she poses with a “Miss So Filipina” sash during her concert at Philippine Arena, a play on her Guts deluxe track “So American.”

	Rodrigo has been supporting women’s causes throughout her eight-month trek via her Fund 4 Good, through which a portion of her ticket proceeds has been continuously funneled to local nonprofits that champion girls’ educations, reproductive rights and more. According to Jhpiego’s website, the organization is active in more than 35 countries across the world and provides life-saving health care to fight against conditions such as cervical cancer, malaria, HIV and complications from pregnancy and childbirth.

	“We are beyond honored to be the nonprofit #oliviarodrigo chose to support during her first visit to the Philippines,” Jhpiego wrote in a statement on its Instagram Story. “Her generosity and commitment to women’s health will make a lasting impact. Together, we’re helping more young women and girls access the care and support they need!”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.