ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
NEW YORK, NEW YORK - SEPTEMBER 22: Jung Kook visits SiriusXM at SiriusXM Studios on September 22, ... More 2023 in New York City. (Photo by Jamie McCarthy/Getty Images)
In only a few months, Jung Kook has gone from one of the seven members of BTS to a breakout star in his own right. He scored multiple hits as a soloist throughout 2023, and currently, many of them are still performing well on a handful of Billboard charts. This week, he claims more space for himself than any other act on one specific list, even besting some of the top stars in the American music industry.
Jung Kook fills three spaces on this week’s Pop Airplay chart. The list is refreshed every week by Billboard, and it ranks the most successful tracks at pop radio stations across the country.
The South Korean superstar’s highest-ranking hit at the moment is “Too Much,” a collaboration with The Kid Laroi and Central Cee. That tune is down slightly to No. 19 after rising as high as No. 15. Jung Kook is a featured act on the smash, but it still counts toward his career achievements.
Just a few spots further down on the Pop Airplay chart comes Jung Kook and Jack Harlow’s “3D.” That single is a non-mover at No. 22–not far from its No. 20 peak.
Closer to the bottom of the 40-space tally comes “Standing Next To You.” The track is Jung Kook’s only solo hit on the Pop Airplay chart at the moment, and it’s just getting started at pop radio. The track debuted on the ranking last frame at No. 39, and now it’s risen to a new best showing of No. 34. The cut, which is being promoted as the last single from Jung Kook’s debut solo offering Golden, could continue to improve in the coming weeks.
Jung Kook is the only artist with as many as three hits on this week’s Pop Airplay chart. Half a dozen other stars fill a pair of spots, but none could eke out a third smash–at least not this time around. Taylor Swift, Doja Cat, Tate McRae, Olivia Rodrigo, Selena Gomez, and Jung Kook’s collaborator Harlow all appear twice. Harlow is present with the BTS musician on “3D” as well as with his own “Lovin on Me.”