By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  18:41, 19 February 2024   |  Updated:  18:53, 19 February 2024   
 97
View  comments
Peter Kay has been announced as the opening act for the UK's largest indoor arena when it throws open it's doors April 23.
The £350M Co-op Live venue will boast a whopping 23,500 seats and have already lined up the likes of That That, Olivia Rodrigo and Liam Gallagher for gigs later in the year.
The venue's general manager Gary Roden said Peter, who was born is nearby Farnsworth, was the perfect choice to open the venue as he 'embodies what [Manchester]is about'.
Peter will take to the stage during one stop on his Peter Kay Live tour with tickets going on sale 10am February 23. 
The Co-op Live venue, which was originally due to open December 2023, boasts a unique bowl design and along with the arena will include 32 bars and restaurants. 
Peter Kay has been announced as the opening act for the UK's largest indoor arena when it throws open it's doors April 23 (pictured on stage 2014)
The £350M Co-op Live venue will boast a whopping 23,500 seats with the venue's general manager Gary Roden said Peter, who was born is nearby Farnsworth, was the perfect choice to open the venue as he 'embodies what [Manchester]is about'.
In 2020 it was revealed Harry Styles had invested some of his £63M fortune in the project. 
The musician will be 'actively involved in the development of the project', according to Oak View Group (OVG), the company which is building the arena.
Harry, who grew up in Cheshire, said: 'I'm incredibly proud and excited to be partnering with OVG on their plans for Co-op Live.
'Manchester is an incredible city, filled with incredible people, and I couldn't be happier being involved in this project. It very much feels like coming home.
'I was drawn to this project on every level, from the opportunities it brings, to the contribution it will make to the city,' 
'And, most importantly, that it will allow even more live music to thrive in Manchester.
'It's just another sign that this amazing city continues to grow.'
Harry's first job was delivering newspapers for a Co-op shop as a teenager, according to OVG.
Peter will take to the stage during one stop on his Peter Kay Live tour with tickets going on sale February 23
Later in the year the likes of have already lined up the likes of That That, Olivia Rodrigo (pictured) and Liam Gallagher will also perform at the arena 
In 2020 it was revealed Harry Styles had invested some of his £63M fortune in the project
Francesca Bodie, OVG's president of business development, said: 'There's no artist in the world right now better placed than Harry to advise us on delivering a first-class experience for visitors and artists at Co-op Live. 
'We're focusing on building one of the world's best arenas in Manchester and Harry's advice and consultation is going to be invaluable as we work to deliver that.'
The venue was named Co-op Live after OVG partnered with retail giant Co-op to develop the site on the Etihad campus.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group