Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
If you're itching to elevate your seasonal wardrobe, look no further than these mesh ballet flats from labels seen on Beyoncé, Sofia Richie Grainge, Kaia Gerber and more.

							By 

	Erin Lassner

E-Commerce Writer

	If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, The Hollywood Reporter may receive an affiliate commission.

	Just as 2022 brought the resurgence of loafers, 2024 truly feels like the rebirth of ballet flats. And, while both of these shoes have been around for ages — and in our humble opinion, never go out of style — they take on new qualities and aesthetics as the years go on. Exhibit A: the arrival of mesh ballet flats. 

	Made famous by high-end designers — including The Row, Khaite, Alaïa and Dear Frances — with the help of style icons like Sofia Richie Grainge, mesh Mary Janes and ballerina flats have taken the fashion world by storm. And while new takes on classics can often feel too trendy and quickly passé, the simple addition of netted material to a timeless silhouette is perfectly palatable. It’s doing just the right amount without feeling over the top.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Celebrity Stylists Love T3's Hair Tools -- But This Is Really Why the New Aire IQ Smart Hair Dryer Is Worth Buying		
			














	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					Battle of the Summer Beauty Sales: 10 Hollywood-Coveted Products to Buy at Walmart Over Amazon		
			








Related: The Best Women’s Retro Sneakers for Stepping Into Spring

	The best part is these shoes play well with pretty much any outfit. Pair them with a white tee and straight leg denim to elevate an otherwise simple look or pop them on with a sundress for a heel-free event look. Comfort is the name of the game when it comes to flats, and this updated version is certainly no exception.

	While we’re undeniably obsessed with the luxe celebrity-loved brands (and certainly have to include a few in our roundup), tons of our favorite retailers across all budgets have hopped on board with the style of the season. From sleek solid models to crystal-embellished statement shoes, these are our top picks for spring.
		As always, Amazon pulls through with a designer look for less. And while we’re partial to these floral embroidered beauties, they’re also sold in solid mesh shades and rhinestone varieties.	
		Spice up your look with these fishnet-inspired pair of Mary Janes. They’re the smartest way to keep your feet feeling cool (and looking cool) during those warm spring into summer months. 	
		Featuring easy-to-remove lace-up ankle ties, these leather-trimmed flats from COS are the epitome of versatility. They’re also the ideal blend of elegance, edginess and effortlessness — the holy trinity.	
		Leave it to Target to offer a $30 pair of on-trend shoes. Complete with a square toe, faux leather strap, a scattering of sparkles and a memory foam insole, these flats are just as comfortable as they are cute.	
		Coming in hot with the Pantone color of the year, this number from Jeffrey Campbell is definitely a top contender. Also available in black, tan and two shades of lace, these dainty flats really do check all the boxes — quality, comfort and price. Plus, the elasticized strap creates a flexible fit. 	
		Available in ivory, onyx, red and a whole slew of other colorways, this feminine pick features delicate bow details and a comfortable elastic strap. There’s even a black pair with pearl beads for an extra pop of sweetness. 	
		Famous for a streamlined look and impeccable craftsmanship, Loeffler Randall is an easy choice for long-lasting footwear. And with its rounded shape and subtle details, this is a great first pair to dip your toes into the trend (pun intended).	
		The Bethany ballet flats in supple Nappa leather are a tried-and-true favorite, and Reformation’s mesh variety are equally as fabulous. The chunky silver buckle is just the right dose of punk, while still remaining refined and girly. (The brand has been worn by everyone from Taylor Swift and Olivia Rodrigo to Emma Stone and Kaia Gerber.)	
		Loved by celebrities and influencers alike, Dear Frances is another OG player in the mesh shoe game. If you’re willing to splurge on a staple, these are the pair to beat.	
		Beyoncé, Kendall Jenner, Katie Holmes and Hailey Bieber are just a faction of Khaite’s famous fans. The brand’s Marcy flats come in beige, black and embellished options — think embroidered florals and sparkling crystals for a luxe finish to spring looks.	
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.