Dylan Marlowe stopped by The Bobby Bones Show for the first time!  
Marlowe’s song “Boys Back Home” features Dylan Scott, is the first song to be sung by two Dylan’s! They were on tour together and Scott asked him to hear some of the songs he was working on and when he played him that one, he liked it. Marlowe moved to Nashville in July of 2018, about two years before the pandemic hit, but he did not have a bad experience with it because it gave him time to really focus on his craft. He didn’t have a lot going on before it, so his momentum wasn't crushed. He was able to hunt, fish and write songs and then post them on TikTok and started gaining a fan base. Marlowe’s music dreams started after he got hurt playing baseball. Then, a friend in his town told him he learned how to play “Wagon Wheel” on the guitar in a day, so Marlowe wanted to give it a try. He figured out that almost every song has the same chords, so he started playing and fell in love with Eric Church.  
He only went to college for a year before he dropped out to focus on writing songs and moved to Nashville. His parents had him at 16, so they were supportive of him chasing his dreams because they never got the chance too. While in studio, Marlowe shared a cool story about how he ended up on a private jet. He did a private charity show in South Carolina where the people hosting it told him they’d fly him down in their private jet and let him use their boat for the weekend. He didn’t make any money from the show because he auctioned off his performance, so the private jet and boat were a nice bonus! He’s currently on tour with Dan + Shay and out doing shows every weekend. The first moment he started to get discovered was when he posted a TikTok of himself doing a cover of Olivia Rodrigo's “Drivers License.” He turned it into a country version, and it was the first time one of his videos went viral.  
The name for his album Mid-Twenties Crisis came to him in a dream. They had finished the record, but he didn’t have a name for it yet and didn’t want to name it after a random song. He was feeling pressure from the label to put a name on it, so he prayed about it and then that name came to him in a dream, and he woke up at 4 in the morning and wrote it. It represents how confusing your 20s can be and wondering if you’re doing the right thing in life. He recorded the song one day after he left church and turned it in and is proud of it! 
While in studio, Marlowe performed "Last Night Lonely" and "Boys Back Home."