Lizzo had all eyes on her as she slipped into the world’s teeniest miniskirt for a sultry photoshoot – and fans ‘couldn’t breathe’ over the snaps.
The Truth Hurts hitmaker slipped into a barely-there red and green tartan skirt secured with a black leather belt studded with silver eyelets. On top, she opted for a casual look in a black logo t-shirt and a dainty pearl necklace complete with a daisy pendant.
Lizzo added a black and white knit cap over her dark red hair, with two huge ears that stuck up like a cat. With silver rings glittering on her fingers and matching bracelets around each wrist, the pop sensation looked down at the floor to show off her metallic make-up look.
READ MORE: Rapper Iggy Azalea tops list of richest racy models – thanks to kinky penis insults
READ MORE: Want more showbiz? Daily Star has just the thing for you!
She swiped lilac shadow over each eyelid and matched things up with a reflective purple pout, with light pink blush over each cheek. But it was Lizzo’s tiny skirt that got fans talking, as she didn’t appear to be wearing any underwear and left her bum cheeks visible. A black bag made entirely of feathers finished off the outfit.
The star drummed up rumours of a collaboration with Vampire hitmaker Olivia Rodrigo as she quoted the lyrics to All American B*tch in her caption, writing: “I pay attention to things that most people ignore.”
Fans went wild in the comments section, with one gushing: “Olivia x Lizzo WHEN?!” as another gushed: “What a rockstar.” A third social media user agreed: “Slay mother!” as someone else said: “Yes ma’am! Werk!”
“Looking good Lizzo,” another fan echoed. Others confessed they “can’t breathe” over the “cheeky” snaps. The star has never been afraid to show off her incredible curves to the world – despite cruel comments from trolls. Last year, she fumed that she was starting to “hate” the world over social media criticism.
One critic wrote alongside a video of the star performing: “How is Lizzo THIS fat when she’s constantly moving this much on stage?! I wonder what she must be eating.” Lizzo responded: “I JUST logged on [on this] app, and this is the type of s**t I see about me on a daily basis.”
She added: “It’s really starting to make me hate the world. Then someone in the comments said I eat ‘lots of fast food’. I LITERALLY STOPPED EATING FAST FOOD YEARS AGO.” She added: “I’m not trying to BE fat. I’m not trying to BE smaller. I’m literally just trying to live and be healthy. This is what my body looks like even when I’m eating super clean and working out!”
For more of the latest showbiz news from Daily Star, make sure you sign up to one of our newsletters here.
“The love definitely do not outweigh the hate on social media,” she added, commenting “how close” she is to “giving up on everyone and quitting and enjoying [her] money and man [Myke Wright] on a F***KING FARM.”
But her fans were there with words of encouragement, with one begging: “Please ignore the haters Lizzo. It’s truly not worth it. You inspire millions of people around the world. Never forget that.” A second chimed: “Lizzo you’re beautiful no matter how you look.”
Follow Daily Star on Threads here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.