Yet more shows have been cancelled, postponed, or moved to the AO Arena in the past 24 hours
Manchester’s £365 million Co-op Live Arena, which was originally projected to open on April 20, has announced the cancellation of even further events.
Scheduled shows from Take That and Keane - which were due to go ahead between May 5 to May 12 - have now been postponed or moved to Co-op Live’s rival venue, the AO Arena.
The crisis-hit venue announced yesterday that it would be taking a “short pause” on events ahead of its new hopeful opening date on May 14.
It follows multiple cancellations and postponements, including the first scheduled public gig from Peter Kay last month, a double-bill from Olivia Rodrigo cancelled with just 48 hours notice, and a last-minute cancellation of A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie’s show on Wednesday.
Read this next: Co-op Live Arena cancels further shows after "piece of air conditioning unit" falls from ceiling
Earlier this week, A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie was due to perform at the 23,500-capacity venue - now the largest indoor arena in the UK - as hundreds waited outside. They were told to leave due to “technical issues” just 10 minutes before he was due to step on stage.
The Manchester Evening News reported that the event was cancelled after “part of an air conditioning unit” fell from the ceiling inside the venue.
A new statement from Co-op Live explained that it will take this time before its next scheduled show to “fully ensure the safety and security of fans and artists” by conducting an “independent inspection of all elements of the arena ceiling”.
Read this next: Co-op Live Arena boss quits just days after venue's scheduled opening
Co-op Live said they “do not expect further impact on our opening season”, and are aware of the impact and “frustrations” caused by ongoing delays.
AN IMPORTANT UPDATE FROM OAK VIEW GROUP pic.twitter.com/tSfdS75ucF
The statement also added that it has “worked with promoters to limit impact on fans”, and as such, will be “keeping as many shows as possible in Manchester”.
Take That’s five-date bill at Co-op Live has now been moved to the AO Arena, a rival venue in the city which recently came head-to-head with Co-op Live in a licensing debate.
The Manchester Evening News reports that six acts have now swapped venues, while others have been postponed, rescheduled, or cancelled outright.
Read this next: Company behind Manchester's Co-op Live plans to build "the greatest arena in the world" in London
Thousands of fans who purchased tickets to cancelled and postponed shows are now demanding compensation as many were left “stranded” in Manchester after the venue pulled the plug on events just minutes before opening.
One fan who travelled over 200 miles to the arena to see A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie with her mum and sister earlier this week told The Guardian: “It’s just really unforgivable.”
She added that they were stung twice after booking tickets to Peter Kay’s postponed opening event earlier in April, spending almost £1,000 on travel and hotel rooms. “Am I going to get lots of compensation? Probably not, but a gesture would be nice,” she told The Guardian.
Last week, Co-op Live’s general manager Gary Roden resigned just days after the venue was scheduled to open. The decision followed controversy, delays, and rows surrounding the £365 million venue.
Gemma Ross is Mixmag's Assistant Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.