By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  05:44, 8 November 2024   |  Updated:  17:10, 8 November 2024   
 23
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo is going viral after having one of her hit songs removed from a TikTok posted by Donald Trump's team after his election win.
The video in question, which was posted to the Team Trump TikTok on Wednesday, celebrated Republican Trump, 78, gaining the presidency for a second time despite his naysayers.
Photos of the president-elect appeared on screen as Rodrigo's 2021 song Deja Vu soundtracked the clip that's since racked up over 11.6million views.
The drama kicked off when an X (formerly Twitter) account posted a screenshot of a comment allegedly left by Rodrigo on Team Trump's post that read: 'ew don't use my sound ever again ty'
While the comment ended up being a fake, Rodrigo — a devout Liberal and pro-choice advocate — did have TikTok remove her song from the video.
Olivia Rodrigo is going viral after having one of her hit songs removed from a TikTok posted by Donald Trump's team after his election win. The video in question, which was posted to the Team Trump TikTok on Wednesday, celebrated Trump's, 78, victory with photos set to the tune of Rodrigo's 2021 song Deja Vu
The drama kicked off when an X (formerly Twitter) account posted a screenshot of a comment allegedly left by Rodrigo on Team Trump's post that read: 'ew don't use my sound ever again ty'
It now displays a 'this sound isn't available' message when a viewer clicks the volume button on Team Trump's post.
However, Deja Vu is still available to use by others on the popular app.
Fans of Rodrigo flooded X and TikTok, praising the Disney Channel alum for making her political 'stance clear.'
Many of the comments were left on the original Team Trump video.
Trump beat Democrat nominee Kamala Harris in a landslide victory in the early hours of Wednesday morning, making him the 47th president of the United States.
The former president beat Vice President Harris in popular and electoral votes.
Trump previously served as president from 2016 to 2020 after beating Hilary Clinton, 77.
The 2024 election was Rodrigo's first as a voting age citizen and she publicly endorsed Harris back in July.
While the comment ended up being a fake, Rodrigo — a devout Liberal and pro-choice advocate — did have TikTok remove her song from the video; Rodrigo seen in April
It now displays a 'this sound isn't available' message when a viewer clicks the volume button on Team Trump's post
Fans of Rodrigo flooded X and TikTok, praising the Disney Channel alum for making her political 'stance clear'
She did so be reposting a clip of Harris vowing to protect 'reproductive freedom' by stopping 'Donald Trump's extreme abortion bans.'  
Rodrigo revealed to THR last month that she completed a mail-in ballot and stressed how 'important' the election was.
'It is my first presidential election. I missed the last one. It's very exciting. I cast my vote yesterday,' she revealed at the time.
'I did a mail-in ballot, and I went and I dropped it off at the polling station. It was very exciting.
'And I wore my sticker very proudly all day. It's a super, super important election, so I'm hoping that everyone, especially people my age, get out there and vote,' she said.
'It couldn't be more important.'
She has also used her platform on several occasions to encourage her fans to register to vote.
In September, she tweeted out a direct link to headcount.org on Nation Voter Registration Day along with the message: 'it's so important to make your voice heard this november!'
Rodrigo has yet to publicly comment on the dramatic outcome of the 2024 election.
The 2024 election was Rodrigo's first as a voting age citizen and she endorsed Harris back in July; seen in February
Rodrigo revealed to THR last month that she completed a mail-in ballot and stressed how 'important' the election was; seen in February
The musician was last spotted in the U.K. with her boyfriend Louis Partridge just a few days before the polls opened.
The couple - who began dating in October 2023 - attended the Premier League match between Manchester United and Chelsea.
Rodrigo's new romance comes a year after her split from Zack Bia and several months of casual dating. 
She is enjoying some much needed downtime after nearly wrapping the entirety of her GUTS world tour in October.
The impressive 97-date tour is in support of her sophomore album of the same name, which earned her six Grammy Award nominations at the 2024 ceremony.
Rodrigo will perform two final shows at Co-op Live in Manchester next summer. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group