Capital




                
                    Tom Watts
                
                

1am - 5am


That's So True

                        

    
    Gracie Abrams
    

                    


                        
                            News
                            



15 May 2024, 16:03

        
            By Abbie Reynolds
        
    
Here's a look at all of the outfits Olivia Rodrigo has worn so far on her GUTS World tour.
Olivia Rodrigo has truly hit the ground running for her second ever worldwide tour. After her sold out SOUR tour back in 2021 we expected big things for the GUTS World tour and she is not disappointing.
After kicking off the tour in Palm Springs on February 23rd, Olivia has continued to dazzle her fans with her hit-filled set list and iconic looks as she works her way through each show.
The 'bad idea right?' singer has taken on a specific style for this tour, it's a lot of hot pants and crop tops - very 2012 of you Olivia - and honestly it's pop girl realness and we are living for it.
For her red carpet moments Olivia is usually styled by the wonderful Danielle Goldburg but for her tour she is being dressed by sisters Chloe and Chenelle Delgadillo. The duo are really playing into her grungy pop princess style with lots of fishnets, boots and glitter.
And if you're lucky enough to have tickets for Olivia's show and are wondering, what should I wear? Well, boots and tights or boots and a dress seems to be the answer. 
The former Disney star even reposted a TikTok on her Instagram of a fan showing off what everyone was wearing on their way into the concert - and it was all boots and skirts!
So to get you well acquainted with true GUTS Rodrigo-style, here's a recap of all her incredible on stage outfits so far...
We have to start with this look, even though technically it's from the end of her setlist. But the 'I'm just a girl' top really says all it needs to say. 
Olivia knows how to do a good slogan, very early 2000s and paired with the sparkly hot pants it's just the perfect outfit to wear while screaming 'get him back' at the top of your lungs.
And that she did. At her opening show at the Acrisure Arena in Palm Springs, she rocked this look, grabbed a megaphone and performed with such vigour that she ended up laddering those fabulous starry tights. Showing us all how rock and roll is done!
Olivia’s tee for #GUTSWorldTourLondon night 1 says “bad idea innit?”! pic.twitter.com/XVCPg2le46
Olivia took it to the next level in May during night 1 of the London leg of the tour where she took this outfit and made a small adjustment. 
The pop star decided to accommodate to the...  local language as she donned a singlet with the words 'bad idea, innit' on the chest. This is of course first of all, absolutely hilarious, and second of all, a play on the song title 'Bad Idea, Right', in case you didn't get it. 
Olivia pays homage to her song 'Vampire' with this gorgeous red playsuit which is very reminiscent of her Grammys 2024 look where she performed the song for the attendees.
Paired with the classic tights and boots combo, this red look is definitely a fan fave.
And if you ever doubted Olivia elevating a two-piece, look no further as she serves gorgeousness in this glittering chainmail dress over a simple black co-ord.
The 'simple black co-ord' in question isn't so simple though as she brings the sparkles to the look with the hot pants and bra which both feature big coin sequins to add that on stage glitz.
She wears this look while she performs 'enough for you' from her album SOUR, but she does this while sitting on a floating moon - okay, iconic!
For her SOUR tour she played into the girlie girl look but for this tour it is definitely all about being punk - but make it sparkly. This silver two-piece is the perfect example of this.
Clearly Olivia is a fan of this look as before the tour started she shared a sneak peak of this outfit on Instagram with the caption: "GUTS world tour starts tomorrow!!!!!"
Well Olivia, we are big fans too - stylist sisters Chloe and Chenelle Delgadillo, we see you and we love what you're doing!
Listen live to Capital, and catch up on any shows you missed, on Global Player.
See more More News
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
See more Exclusive Videos
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
TV & Film
Rihanna
One Direction
News
Dua Lipa
See more Featured Artists