Stevie Nicks will begin her added tour dates on May 17 in Missouri.Bobby Olivier | NJ.com
Our “Dreams” came true, Stevie Nicks has announced more tour dates.
Nicks’ added summer tour dates will begin on May 7 in St. Louis, Mo. and will wrap up on June 18 in Grand Rapids, Mich.
While on these new summer tour dates, Nicks will perform at Hersheypark Stadium in Hershey, Pa. on June 15.
Nicks’ 2024 tour will officially begin on Feb 10. in Atlantic City at the Hard Rock Live at Etess Arena.
In between her solo tour dates, Nicks’ is set to perform a number of stadium concerts with Billy Joel.
If you want to see Stevie Nicks on one of her new tour dates, here is how you can get tickets.
Most tickets to see Stevie Nicks go on sale to the public on Feb. 8 at 8 a.m., 9 a.m. and 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
Tickets for her added Texas and California show dates go on sale to the public on 7 a.m. and 9 a.m. through Ticketmaster.
However, fans also can find tickets on secondary market sites, such as StubHub, Vivid Seats, TicketNetwork and TicketCity.
First-time Vivid Seats users can save $20 on ticket orders over $200 by entering promo code NJ20 at checkout.
TicketCity users can save $15 on orders over $400 using promo code TCITYSAVE15 at checkout.
You can find a full calendar of Stevie Nicks’ tour dates here.
Stevie Nicks is not the only artist going out on tour.
Here are a few more upcoming tours you won’t want to miss: Taylor Swift, The Rolling Stones, Olivia Rodrigo and Nicki Minaj.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Nicole Iuzzolino can be reached at niuzzolino@njadvancemedia.com. Have a tip? Tell us at nj.com/tips.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices