Megan Brownell social media editor  
After her popularity on Disney’s ‘High School Musical: The Musical The Series’, Olivia Rodrigo released her debut single ‘Drivers License’, which then led to her debut album ‘Sour’.  
The album had instant success, shooting up to number one of the billboard charts for five weeks, and even debuting all 11 songs in the top 30. Drivers license was the number one single, and stayed one for eight consecutive weeks.  
Drivers license was released as the single on Jan 8, 2021 and quickly grew popular among teenage girls. I was one who fell in love with the song, listening to it on repeat and learning the lyrics within days. Though now it ranks low in my album rankings, it is more of an iconic song that led to Rodrigo’s success and still has those lyrics that show her heartbreak at the time.  
This album also led to a lot of conspiracy about who it was about, since it contained a lot of breakup songs. Fans quickly speculated Joshua Bassett, who was Rodrigo’s co-star and they had dated and broken up recently. With that, he as well had almost right after the breakup was seen with Sabrina Carpenter and was speculated to be dating as well.  
This theory moves in more with track two and my favorite song, ‘Traitor’. The main message of the song is even though he didn’t cheat while they were dating, but quickly moved on to the girl who she “wasn’t supposed to worry about”, therefore calling him a traitor for doing so. The lyrics and heartbreak in her voice is what I love about the song. Rodrigo showed that she can write incredible bridges as well, voicing her hurt in a perfect scream in the car type of way.  
Not all of the songs are about breakups though. Let’s loop back to the album opener, ‘brutal’. I remember when the full album came out, laying in my bed listening to the first few seconds of this song. It starts slow, before the first lyrics of ‘I want it to be like messy’ before breaking into a rock type beat. For me being 17 at the time, this was the most relatable song about being a teenager and in high school can be brutal.  
‘Deja vu’ and ‘good 4 u’ were the next two singles from the album. ‘Deja vu’ first went to eight on the charts, then later peaked at three. ‘Good 4 u’ went number one in its debut week, before dropping to two. Both are great songs as well, becoming popular quickly, with good 4 u showing off Rodrigo’s rock side of her music.  
‘Jealousy, Jealousy’ is another one of my favorites at track nine. This is another song about her feelings at the age of 17. Seeing others on social media and being jealous of how people seem to get everything they want and their lives seem amazing.  
‘Hope ur ok’ is that closing track on the album. She ends the album opposite of how it started, as this song is slower, with a sadder type of lyrics. The song itself is about her old friends from when she was a child that struggled with their family and how she hopes that they are doing okay now even though she hasn’t talked to them in a while. I relate to this song more than ever now, thinking back on past relationships that I grew apart from and hoping they are doing alright in this world.  
For a debut album, Rodrigo hit it out of the park. The tour sold out in minutes, and as someone who attended it was an incredible show and with small venues made it much more intimate with Rodrigo, and her slowly showing her spunky rock side. I give this album a 10/10, and I even think this is skipless as well. Each song has its own type of hurt from Rodrigo’s life at the time, to just being a teenager, different stages of a breakup, and simply thinking about old friends.  
©
							2025							The Collegio


Powered by WordPress.com.
						
Subscribe now to keep reading and get access to the full archive.


								Type your email…							
 








 
								Subscribe							

Continue reading