Check off your holiday gifting list with the bonus of major savings.

													By
												

	Rylee Johnston


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	One of the biggest savings events is happening sooner than ever this year, with early Black Friday sales and discounts already starting. Rather than dedicate a single day to slashed prices, Amazon is giving you eight days of Black Friday deals. That gives you additional time to stock up on holiday decor, gifts for music lovers and a little extra something for yourself.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Amazon’s 2024 Black Friday deals start Thursday (Nov. 21) through next Friday (Nov. 29), featuring up to 61% off practically everything. You can expect new deals to be dropping each day until the sale ends and that includes on celebrity memoirs, over-ear headphones and viral skincare essentials that’ll upgrade your beauty routine.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Even though you have a little over a week to snag some of Amazon’s best Black Friday deals, that doesn’t mean some of the most-wanted items aren’t going to sell out fast. To make sure you get all your gifting needs (without having to pay full price), you’ll want to hop on the savings sooner rather than later.

	Keep reading to discover some of the biggest Black Friday deals on Amazon now.

	You don’t have to feel overwhelmed when it comes to parsing through all of Amazon’s Black Friday deals, ShopBillboard made it easier by putting together a list of the best sales you can shop online now below.

Geddy Lee’s memoir is on sale for a whopping 61% off and will give readers a closer look at the Rush bassit’s life straight from his point-of-view. You’ll be able to hear from Lee as he recounts the struggles and horrors his parents experienced as teenagers during the Holocaust as well as the events that convinced him to dropout of high school and pursue a lifelong career in music alongside his friends and bandmates. 	

		You can finally pursue your dream of being an NBA player in the latest version of the popular video game, updated for 2025. This new version includes upgraded gameplay and lifelike player animation to make you feel further immersed into the game.	

Amazon’s latest Kindle has dropped under $100 letting you take your reading on the go. The brand promises it to be their lightest version yet, allowing you to slip the Kindle into your purse without weighing your shoulder down. You can surf the Amazon store straight from your device and enjoy an adjustable display that’ll tell you your progress and how much time is left in a chapter.	

		Pimple patches like Starface have become the latest accessory that also doubles as a skin soother. Using 100% hydrocolloid, the patch will not only keep your acne covered, but will help remove fluid and reduce redness helping to minimize the look of pesky pimples.	

		Channel your inner Olivia Rodrigo with a pair of Dr. Martens (a brand the “Vampire” singer commonly wore on stage). Outfits will be taken to new heights thanks to the platform sole while the shiny upper is made with a leather material that’s luxurious and smooth that’ll keep feet protected without sacrificing trendiness.	

		Alicia Keys is treating fans to savings with discounts on her skincare brand — including her lightweight facial oil. It comes with squalane to help nourish skin and only requires a minimum of two drops to keep skin feeling hydrated and soft. 	

		Capture memories with a retro digital camera that features 44 megapixels for crystal clear photos you’ll want to display. You’ll get 32 GB for storage whether you’re snapping pics of your vacation or vlogging about your day. Another notable feature is the anti-shake that’ll keep your content smooth.	

		At $100 off, you can score the Beats Solo 4 and enjoy hands-free listening without having to turn on your Bluetooth speaker. The design features elevated technology including noise-cancelling capabilities and a chic pink shade that’ll turn your listening device into a sleek accessory. 	

		Amazon’s popular shapewear bodysuit gets slashed 45% off letting you score savings and a smoother appearance. The design comes with compression around your stomach while allowing you to show off your curves without having to strap on a corset.	

		Kate Spade has launched on Amazon meaning you can snag stellar savings on the designer brand’s bags. That includes half-off this luxurious shoulder purse that uses a pebbled leather fabric that’s trendy and sturdy allowing you to carry your phone, books and wallet elegantly. 	

		Slip your feet into total comfort with these popular Amazon slippers for less than $20. Besides showing off a cozy, casual vibe, the interior comes with a soft faux fur that’ll swaddle your feet in coziness while keeping them nice and warm. 	

		Enjoy a vintage music listening experience with modern tech that’ll let you listen to your vinyl collection in style. Victrola’s record player shows off a retro ’50s exterior you can put on display while the three-speed options lets you switch up what vinyl you play. There’s even a FM tuner knob and CD player to expand your listening options.	

Just Dance is back with its 2025 version that you can play straight on your Nintendo Switch. It’s the fist time that the game has been on sale for Black Friday with the limited-edition version including an exclusive Ariana Grande pack that’ll have you grooving to the singer’s hottest songs.	

		Bose is making it simple to take your tunes with you in a lightweight form. The Soundlink Flex speaker was designed to be portable featuring a built-in handle you can attach to your bike or backpack while the Bluetooth compatibility makes it simple to instantly connect your smart device. You’ll easily be able to adjust the volume, connection and whether you want to skip or replay a song with the buttons on top.	

		Save your hair from the heat with the help of Kitsch’s heatless curling set — that’s also TikTok viral. You’ll receive everything you could need to get a natural looking curl to your hair without having to worry about damaging your strands. Included is a silky yet flexible wand you can comfortably rest on your head and twist your hair around. Then, to keep everything in place, just add the included scrunchies.	

		The celeb-used facial wand gets a major discount for Black Friday and includes a bonus serum. Solawave’s bundle incorporates light therapy, massage and gua sha to help improve skin’s tone and texture. Using the included serum will ensure the wand glides across skin while leaving behind a softer feel.	

		Your upcoming travels won’t be complete without these sleek set of Samsonite luggage. Featuring a chic deep green shade, you’ll be able to easily spot the luggage at baggage claim while the hardshell exterior will ensure your belongings remain safe and dry. Plus, they’re expandable if you’re prone to overpacking. 	

		At under $20, Laura Geller’s Color-Correcting Powder will create a more matte complexion with just a single pat. It comes in a travel-friendly compact that’s easy to slip into your purse and uses a mix of shades that’ll help balance your skin tone with each use. 	

		More than 10,000 shoppers have purchased Bliss’ facial serum — and now you can score it for 50% off. The formula uses spa-grade vitamin C and tri-peptide ingredients that, once applied, will help boost and protect collagen levels and leave skin with a more glowing appearance.	

		Refresh your entertainment system with Amazon’s top-rated smart TV from Insignia. For Black Friday, you can score it less than $100 and enjoy an HD picture on a 32-inch screen that’s slim and compact for those with smaller spaces. As a Fire TV, you’ll be able to use Amazon’s Alexa for hands-free control and quick-app accessibility. 	

	For more gifting recommendations, check out ShopBillboard‘s roundups of the best gifts for men, Lego gift sets and gifts for gamers.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.