The biggest stars in music celebrated late into the night
The 66th Grammy Awards were defined by memorable performances (Miley Cyrus, Olivia Rodrigo), history-making wins (Taylor Swift, Karol G), and surprise cameos (Céline Dion, Beyoncé). Phoebe Bridgers was the night’s biggest winner, taking home four awards in total. And after hours of handing out prizes, the program wrapped around midnight Eastern—but that didn’t mean the evening was over for many of these celebs.
What else is there to do after the Grammys but head to the after-parties? (Unless maybe you want to get some shut-eye.) Plenty of the attendees decided to keep the party going after the ceremony, from besties Rodrigo and Conan Gray to comedic actor Niecy Nash and her wife, Jessica Betts. Click ahead to see all of the best moments from the 2024 Grammys fetes.
As seen in a full Instagram video posted here, Swift swapped into a shimmering golden flapper dress for a Grammys after-party.
Nash celebrates with her wife of nearly four years.
Reid attends the SZA & TDE Official Grammy After-Party.
These two know how to pose from a couch.
The Glee alum smiles for a picture at Universal Music Group’s after-party.
Singer-songwriter Roan wears an eye-popping red ensemble and a prosthetic pig nose.
The rapper hangs with fellow guests at the SZA & TDE after-party.
Producer Max Martin’s daughter hangs with pal Gray at Universal Music Group’s 2024 after-party.
The Lovell sisters attend the 2024 Red Light Management Grammys after-party.
The Victorious alum poses with his fellow actor.
The radio host and the record-label founder enjoy the SZA & TDE after-party.
The two singers (both signed to Katy Perry’s label, Unsub Records) hug for a photo.
The CEO of the Recording Academy dances at the post-Grammys celebration.
The celebrity stylist and his daughter pose with the Selling Sunset star and the Australian musician.
Lana Del Rey Speaks Out on Grammys Snub
SZA Offers Look at Post-Grammys Hand-Painted Dress
Kylie Minogue Wore “Padam” Red to the 2024 Grammys
Ice Spice Brought the Bronx to L.A. at the Grammys
Taylor Swift Hugs Céline Dion Backstage
Jay-Z Turned His Grammy Into a Cognac Glass
Everything You Missed From the 2024 Grammys
Jay-Z Calls Out the Recording Academy
Blue Ivy Oozes Princess Energy at 2024 Grammys
Taylor Swift Just Broke Another Major Record
The Best Twitter Reactions to the Grammys
Céline Dion Makes Rare Appearance at Grammys
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.