LAist is part of Southern California Public Radio, a member-supported public media network.
Share This
This year's Doo Dah Parade brought together lovers of gaudiness, camp, mirthfulness, and all types of self-expression into the streets of Old Town Pasadena.
The parade, which describes itself as the "twisted sister of the conventional Rose Parade," was founded in 1978. According to Doo Dah's website, the organizers set out to throw something that would be the antithesis of existing events.
"[The Rose Parade has] a theme so we would have no theme," Doo Dah's website reads. "Since none of us would be allowed in the Rose Parade, we would allow everyone in our parade."
In that spirit, the costumes this year ran the full gamut, from furries on longboards to a "long horse" made up of over a dozen people. As per the parade's traditions, parade-goers threw tortillas (not roses) at the floats, though this is no longer encouraged by the organizers due to littering concerns. 
In many ways, it felt like Colorado Boulevard turned into New Orleans's Bourbon Street for the day — and at least one Mardi Gras-themed float made that connection explicit.
It wasn't just about the looks, though: Performers trotted along the parade route too. A bagpipe band kicked off the parade playing traditional bagpipe tunes mashed up with "Camptown Races" — the latter song gave the parade its name, of course. 
Elsewhere on the parade route, bands on truck beds and trailers played a range of rock hits over the decades, from the Runaways to Bikini Kill to Olivia Rodrigo.
The parade was also a showcase for some of Southern California's most unique vehicles, from a crew who showed up in Mad Max-themed trucks to a car with massive wheels tricked out with hydraulics.
And there was certainly no requirement for parade attendees to perform — many just strutted along the parade route in Old Town Pasadena in their outfits of choice, expressing themselves however they wanted, as loud as they wanted.
LAist is part of Southern California Public Radio, a member-supported public media network.