The event takes place tonight (July 30) 
Megan Thee Stallion has announced that she’ll perform at a rally as part of Vice President Kamala Harris‘ presidential election campaign.
The Texas rapper is due to participate in an event in Atlanta, Georgia today (Tuesday July 30), with a source telling Rolling Stone that she’ll deliver a “special performance”.
Megan also shared a promo on social media, writing: “ATL HOTTIES SEE YOU TOMORROW.” She confirmed that the performance will take place at 7:30pm ET.
The rally will mark Harris’ first visit to Georgia since President Joe Biden stepped down from the race to be reelected. He then endorsed the VP to be the Democratic presidential candidate. She is going up against the Republican nominee Donald Trump to become the next POTUS.
Numerous figures from the music world have since expressed their support for Harris, including Ariana Grande, Lizzo and Olivia Rodrigo – the latter of whom highlighted the VP’s stance on reproductive rights.
Charli XCX endorsed Harris by posting: “Kamala IS brat”, a reference to her new hit album and pop culture phenomenon ‘Brat’. This led to CNN attempting to explain the ‘Brat summer’ trend to its viewers live on air.
Elsewhere, Beyoncé granted Harris permission to use her song ‘Freedom’ in an election campaign video after the VP recently walked out to the powerful anthem at a staff meeting.
The clip sees Harris pose the question: “What kind of country do we want to live in?” before adding: “We choose freedom.”
In other news, a writer from The Simpsons has reacted to news that the show ‘predicted’ Harris’ presidential nomination.
Megan Thee Stallion wrapped up her ‘Hot Girl Summer’ tour at The O2 in London earlier this month – where she was joined on stage by Japanese rapper Yuki Chiba to perform their collaborative viral song, ‘Mamushi’.
In a five-star review of the show, NME described the set as “an exuberant celebration of fun, twerking and self-confidence”.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.