An indie-pop band, who chose their name over drinks in a Dalston pub, have been crowned BBC Radio 1's sound of 2024.


The Last Dinner Party were selected by a panel of more than 140 industry experts including Olivia Rodrigo and Mahalia, and join the likes of Lady Gaga, Adele, Dua Lipa and Stormzy as the radio station's previously hotly tipped future stars.


  The London-based five piece made up of Abigail Morris, Lizzie Mayland, Emily Roberts, Georgia Davies, and Aurora Nishevci are due to play their biggest headline gig yet at The Roundhouse in Chalk Farm on February 1.


  With a look that fuses glam rock, Victoriana and punk, the band enjoyed a breakthrough year in 2023 after making their Glastonbury debut, embarking on their first North American tour, and releasing their debut track ‘Nothing Matters’ with Island Records.


  And this year promises big things, including the release of their highly anticipated debut album ‘Prelude to Ecstasy’ in February.The band beat off competition from Olivia Dean and Peggy Gou to scoop the accolade which was previously won by Stormzy, Dua Lipa and Adele  (Image: BBC)


  But the band, who met during fresher's week in London just three years ago, had their origins in small East London pub venues, and played their debut gig at The George Tavern in Whitechapel to just 20 people.


  At an October gig at EartH Hackney, frontwoman Morris told the crowd they were on "sacred ground," because they were around the corner from The Shacklewell Arms "the place we came up with the name The Last Dinner Party." She later added: "It's good to be home."


  Upon hearing the news of their win from Florence Welch of Florence + The Machine, Morris said: “We are overjoyed to have won! We predict amazing things happening in music this year and it is truly an honour to be a part of it.


  "BBC Radio has championed us and so many other young artists from the start of their careers, we still can’t believe it every time we hear one of our songs being played. Every artist who has been nominated or won over the years is such a powerhouse, it humbles us to join their ranks! Thank you to guitar music for never dying. Bands are back, baby."


  Radio 1 DJ Jack Saunders said the band beat off stiff competition from the likes of Olivia Dean, Peggy Gou and Tyla: “It is a really strong year for the Sound Of list, which should make this win for The Last Dinner Party even sweeter. There isn’t a band connecting with their audience like this band right now: great songs, image and drive. They have the perfect concoction for success."


  Radio 1 will host a special event – BBC Radio 1 Sound of 2024 Live – at Maida Vale on Monday 8 January with performances from artists on the longlist.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.