Watch CBS News

Updated on:  February 5, 2024 / 2:14 PM EST
          / Essentials
        

            We may receive commissions from some links to products on this page. Promotions are subject to availability and retailer terms.
          
Oh, what a night! The 2024 Grammy Awards were broadcast live from Los Angeles on Sunday, Feb. 3, 2024. The guest list of music's biggest party included Taylor Swift, Beyoncé and Jay-Z (with daughter Blue Ivy in tow), Olivia Rodrigo, Billie Eilish and brother Finneas O'Connell, SZA, Travis Scott, Luke Combs and more.
If you want to watch the 2024 Grammy Awards, you still can. Here's how to watch this year's Grammy Awards on demand.
Note: CBS Essentials and Paramount+ are both subsidiaries of Paramount.
The 2024 Grammy Awards aired on Sunday, Feb. 4, 2024 at 8:00 p.m. ET (5:00 p.m. PT) on CBS. You can watch the entire show on demand with Paramount+ Essential.
If you missed Sunday's big show, you can still watch the entire 2024 Grammy Awards on demand through a subscription to Paramount+ Essential. You'll also get access to the platform's slate of high-quality content. With a Paramount+ subscription, you can watch top-tier soccer like the Champions League live and SEC college football games (with a Paramount+ with Showtime subscription) as well, plus popular shows such as "Survivor" and "NCIS."
Paramount+ is also the exclusive streaming home to Super Bowl LVIII on Feb. 11, 2024 (all Paramount+ tiers will air the 2024 Super Bowl live).
Paramount+ is currently offering a seven-day free trial. Get Paramount+ Essential for $5.99 per month, or Paramount+ with Showtime for $11.99 per month.
The Walmart+ shopping subscription service includes access to the Paramount+ Essential tier (with live NFL games and top-tier events such as the 2024 Grammy Awards the next day on demand), a $60 per year value. Walmart+ subscribers also get discounts on gasoline at Mobil and Exxon stations, access to special members-only benefits (including auto care at Walmart), same-day home delivery from your local store and more. 
Walmart+ costs $98 per year. Tap the button below to learn all the benefits of Walmart+, and to start your 30-day free trial. 
Why we like Walmart+:
Whether or not you are a doting Miley Cyrus fan, or you feel like SZA is singing to you, you can dive deep into the artists' you love -- and the ones you've just discovered after watching the 2024 Grammy Awards -- with an Apple Music Grammy playlist specifically curated for this year's big show. 
An Apple Music subscription is $11.00 per month, or share with your family for $16.99 per month. You'll get access to the 2024 Grammy playlist, plus more Apple Music curated playlists.
Sure, it's great to be nominated for the 2024 Grammy Awards, but it's even better to win. Taylor Swift won album of the year at the Grammy Awards for her album "Midnights," her fourth time winning that category in her career. That's the most album of the year awards for any artist.
Taylor used her best pop vocal album acceptance speech as an opportunity to surprise fans by announcing she'll release her next album, "The Tortured Poets Department," on April 19, 2024.
SZA, whose real name is Solána Imani Rowe, came into the night with the most Grammy nominations, nine. She's been nominated 15 times in the past, but had only one Grammy win prior to Sunday's show. SZA took home three awards Sunday night, including a win for best R&B song.
Here are some more of the winners from the 2024 Grammy Awards.

          These gifts from Stanley, Apple, AllTrails and more won't bust your budget.
        

          Discover if it's worth upgrading to the new Apple iPhone 16 Pro Max or if you should stick with your current iPhone
        

          Just in time for the holiday season, Nintendo has released Nintendo Switch bundles and special editions.
        

          For that authentic grilling experience, you can't beat a charcoal grill. We've rounded up the best grill options.
        

          Discover the best tech gifts during the 2024 holiday season that your friends and loved ones will absolutely adore.
        

          What will likely be the hottest gift for gamers this holiday season -- the PS5 Pro -- is now available for preorder
        

          The new iPhone 16 Pro is Apple's mid-priced and mid-powered phone, but is it worth it? Here's our hands-on review.
        

          Discover everything you need to know about the new lineup of Apple iPhone 16 smartphones.
        

          Ringing in your ears? These are the best hearing aids for dealing with tinnitus in 2024.
        
©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.