Go ahead, look up your crush’s too.
You know your Sun sign, but do you know your Mars sign? Yes, you have one of those! In fact, you have a sign for every single planet, and they each say something different about your personality. Your Mars sign is determined by which sign Mars was in when you were born.
Don't be surprised if your Mars sign doesn't match your Sun sign (although it is possible). Again, your Sun sign = which part of the zodiac the Sun was in when you were born, and your Mars sign = which part of the zodiac Mars was in when you were born. Got it? To find your Mars sign, simply put your birth date, time, and location into the birth chart calculator below:
This birth chart calculator was created by www.astro-seek.com in collaboration with astrologer Narayana Montúfar. Learn more about Narayana's work on her website www.naramon.com.
Mars is considered a personal planet, which means its energy is prominent in your outward personality. The other personal planets are Venus and Mercury. The Sun and Moon—which astrologers call "luminaries"—also play a big role in your personality. This is in contract to what call astrologers "generational planets"—the outer planets that take years or even decades to move through the zodiac. 
In ancient mythology, Mars was the god of war, and the planet plays a similar role in astrology. To get specific, your Mars sign says a lot about your drive (yes, including sex drive), ambition, passion, and energy. 
Understanding your Mars placement can give you insight into how you operate and what you need to feel motivated… or aroused *wiggles eyebrows*. This knowledge can help boost your energy and make life easier to navigate.  
While Mars says a lot about your sex life, it's not the only planet to influence how you experience sex. Among other things, Venus rules how you experience romance and ~pleasure~. Venus and Mars signs are often analyzed together when talking about sex, romance, or compatibility. 
Less frequently mentioned though no less important is your Moon sign, which rules your emotional inner life, and your Mercury sign, which reveals how you communicate. To get the entire picture of your love/sex life, you'll want to look at your whole birth chart. But if you're talking about libido, Mars plays the biggest role. 
Certain zodiac signs have a special connection with Mars. Mars is the ruling planet of the emotionally deep sign of Scorpio and the fiery leader of the zodiac, Aries. It’s at home (or in astro speak, “in its domicile”) when it’s in these two signs, meaning it’s able to fully express itself with ease. It is also in what astrologers call its “exalted” position (meaning its expression is particularly strong) in the structured and powerful sign of Capricorn. If your Mars sign is in one of these three signs, it will play an extra-large role in your personality.
Mars is one of the faster-moving planets, and it can spend from two to seven months in one sign, depending on when and how often it retrogrades. Mars takes around two years to move through the entire zodiac. Roughly two years is also how often you experience a Mars Return, when Mars returns to where it was when you were born. You've heard of a Saturn Return? Yeah, it's like that, but much more frequent.
A Mars Return chart can give you insight into what will drive you and where you will be taking action. During your Mars Return, you might experience an increase in motivation, libido, and determination.
Mars is retrograde roughly once every two years, for a period of 2-3 months. So it's less frequent than Mercury Retrograde, but also lasts longer. During Mars Retrograde, you might experience changes in libido and motivation, find yourself bickering with others and caught up in drama, or alternately, avoiding confrontation. The details will depend on which sign Mars Retrograde is in, and how it interacts with your own birth chart.
Mars is in its fiery prime in Aries. You have no problem feeling energized and motivated. You go after what you want with passion and vigor. Working out is second nature to you, and you have a lot of stamina in the bedroom.
Celebrities with Mars in Aries: Margot Robbie, Michael B. Jordan, Emma Stone, Vanessa Hudgens, Kourtney Kardashian, Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Rosario Dawson, Lupita Nyong'o, Tyla, Nicola Coughlan
The planet of action is in what’s called its detriment in the sign of Taurus, because Taurus is the opposite sign of Scorpio (which Mars rules). Don’t panic! This just means you take action in a less intense and more harmonious way. Typically, you are not aggressive in your goals and prefer to enjoy the finer things in life. You're chill!
Celebrities with Mars in Taurus: Selena Gomez, Chris Pratt, Nathalie Emmanuel, Keira Knightley, Elizabeth Olsen, Henry Cavill, Rooney Mara, Rami Malek, Kate Moss, Halle Bailey
This is the most chatty out of all the Mars signs. Gemini is the sign ruling communication, logic, discussion, so talking out your actions and ideas is the best way for you to get organized. You also tend to be more social, preferring variety in the people you connect with.
Celebrities with Mars in Gemini: Lily Collins, Kali Uchis, Dwayne "the Rock" Johnson, Natalie Portman, Sarah Hyland, Jennifer Garner, Emma Roberts, Alia Shawkat, Rashida Jones, Eva Mendes, Bowen Yang, Chloe Bailey, Kim Petras
Cancer is what’s called Mars’ fall position, because it’s the opposite sign of Sagittarius, in which Mars is exalted. Don’t worry—that’s not necessarily a bad thing. Mars is not assertive here, and this can soften the intense energy of the planet. You are the type to think about others’ feelings before pressing forward. You need time to work through your emotions, and setting firm boundaries with others can help you lead a more productive life.
Celebrities with Mars in Cancer: Zendaya, Meghan Markle, Chris Hemsworth, Reese Witherspoon, Josh Hutcherson, Jaden Smith, Danai Gurira, Tyler James Williams, Tom Hardy, John Cho, Victoria Monet
You are the star of the Mars show (of course), because you thrive off of having fun and entertaining others. You’re driven by self-expression and you can easily tap into your inner child—you don’t take yourself too seriously. People with this Mars sign tend to have confidence and charisma that can charm anyone.
Celebrities with Mars in Leo: Beyoncé, Channing Tatum, Adam Sandler, Salma Hayek, Daniel Radcliffe, Andrew Garfield, Cillian Murphy, Emily Ratajkowski, Padma Lakshmi, Maya Rudolph, Donald Glover
Mars in Virgo
This Mars sign is all about attention to detail. Virgo is a mutable earth sign that strives for perfection in all they do. You act steadily and with accuracy, taking a practical approach and rationalizing your next move. You want to be good at everything, including in the bedroom.
Celebrities with Mars in Virgo: Hailey Bieber, Alex Cooper, Blake Lively, Dylan O'Brien, Will Smith, Zoe Saldana, Nicola Peltz Beckham, Ben Affleck, Robert Downey Jr., Hillary Duff, Idris Elba, Lisa Rinna, Jenna Ortega
Mars in Libra is in its detriment, meaning it’s outside its comfort zone (because it’s the opposite sign of Mars’ rulership, Aries). Again, this isn’t a bad thing! Mars in Libra shows a more aesthetic-loving and balanced side of the fiery planet. You tend to enjoy keeping the peace and harmony around you before taking action. When it comes to love, you prefer potential partners who look good on your arm. 
Celebrities with Mars in Libra: Kate Middleton, Sabrina Carpenter, Chris Pine, Eddie Redmayne, Brie Larson, Amanda Seyfried, Constance Wu, Adam Driver, Viola Davis, Steven Yeun, Latto
Getting aroused is no problem for you, especially since Scorpio rules sex and Mars is at home in this sign. This Mars placement moves forward with intuition, tact, and strategy. Scorpio is a fixed sign, and people with Mars in Scorpio have a staying power: Once you decide to do something, you go all the way. Skimming over the surface is not for you—there is always the drive to go deeper.
Celebrities with Mars in Scorpio: Taylor Swift, Madison Bailey, Olivia Wilde, Nicholas Hoult, Sebastian Stan, Tyler Posey, Aubrey Plaza, Sydney Sweeney, Gina Rodriguez, Ryan Reynolds, Leonardo DiCaprio
This is the most optimistic Mars position! People with Mars in Sagittarius have a passion for making the most out of life. This is the type of Mars energy that wants to travel the world and pick up bits of wisdom along the way. You tend to have so many big ideas that you forget about the details at times. This Mars sign is also turned on by intellect.
Celebrities with Mars in Sagittarius: Rihanna, Olivia Rodrigo, Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, Rachel McAdams, Jon Hamm, Jennifer Lopez, Liam Hemsworth, Ryan Gosling, Prince Harry
You are strategic, diligent, and structured and have the ability to lead with stability. In Capricorn, Mars is in its exalted position. Capricorn energy gives you a need to be in control and not express passion as visibly. For you, slow and steady wins the race. But behind your poker face, you have the drive and patience to succeed in the long run.
Celebrities with Mars in Capricorn: Lady Gaga, Nicki Minaj, Lindsay Lohan, Freida Pinto, Kerry Washington, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Christina Aguilera, Rowan Blanchard, Keegan-Michael Key, Jimmy Kimmel
This is the quirkiest Mars sign out of the bunch. Mars in Aquarius does not conform to societal norms. People with this Mars sign throw the expectations of others out the window before they take action. You probably seek ways to help others through humanitarian actions. This offbeat Aquarius energy also applies to your sexuality. The more experimental, the better!
Celebrities with Mars in Aquarius: Scarlett Johansson, Drake, Rosamund Pike, Jada Pinkett Smith, Alison Brie, Penn Badgley, Pedro Pascal, Justin Timberlake, Kristen Stewart, Emma Watson, Justin Bieber
People with Mars in Pisces tend to use their emotions to make their next decision. You are not an aggressive Mars sign, as you prefer to go with the flow and see where your inspiration takes you. You definitely need a creative outlet. You also find pleasure in the fantasy and escape of sex.
Celebrities with Mars in Pisces: Emily Blunt, Jessica Chastain, Kit Harington, Oscar Isaac, Neil Patrick Harris, Adam Levine, Sophie Turner, Dev Patel, Shonda Rhimes, Paris Hilton
How Will Pluto Retrograde Impact Your Star Sign?
Your May Horoscope Has Officially Arrived!
Your Zodiac Sign Says A Lot About Your Bed Routine
All About the 12th House in Astrology
Taurus Celebrities Are the Best Celebrities 
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Shoes 
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 27
Your Horoscope for the Week of April 27
Your Horoscope for the New Moon in Taurus
All About Your “Big Three”
Your Zodiac Sign Says You Need These Sunglasses
Your Weekly Tarotscope for April 20-26
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.