Today's Digital Daily	
			



	
			Today's Digital Daily	
			

The architect-turned-designer unveils his first solo U.S. pop-up in Echo Park. 
Senior Reporter

	Gustaf Westman’s work has attracted attention both IRL — fans and clients include a who’s who of next-gen “It” girls Kaia Gerber, Emma Chamberlain and Olivia Rodrigo, to name a few — and online where admirers post DIY recreations of his objects.

	His colorful furnishings, tableware and objects were exhibited at Stockholm Furniture Fair, sell at online retailer Ssense, and have spawned collaborations like the spiky version of his signature cup with Highsnobiety and taking over Café Standard with his designs during Miami Art Week.

	Now he’s unveiling his first solo U.S. pop-up in Los Angeles. 





	
			Related Articles	
	













	Color Cosmetics
	



	
			Patrick Ta Beauty to Unveil First Beauty Pop-up This Weekend in West Hollywood	
			













	Designer and Luxury
	



	
			Louis Vuitton Is Opening a Mega Flagship in Beverly Hills	
			








	His creations are so bright and bold yet minimalist, that his style is often associated with the Memphis movement, Ettore Sottsass’ postmodern group in Milan in the ’80s. Some have assumed it’s the root of his inspiration. But Westman says it isn’t so.

	










			You May Also Like		






	“Scandinavian design has been my main inspiration, Danish, Finnish,” 28-year-old Westman tells WWD in L.A. “I relate more to Scandinavian [design], the simpleness and using few materials.”

	The influence is unsurprising given Westman’s background. Born and bred in Sweden, he’s from a small city called Borås, known for its history in textile manufacturing. Growing up, he sketched clothing and furniture, he says, before ultimately studying architecture in Gothenburg, then moving to Stockholm where he opened his design studio in 2020.

	“The first one I did was an office for a PR firm,” he says of the first architectural project. “And then that PR firm helped me get some more projects. I did a showroom for a clothing brand in Stockholm. I did a small barber shop…and I would do special design objects for those projects. I didn’t charge anything extra for the design. They just helped me with a prototype. So, it was sort of a deal that I made to learn.”

	His smaller pieces include tableware like “Chunky Plate” at 55 euros, made with glazed ceramic in one unified color of baby blue or cherry red, among others. He offers tables, chairs, mirrors (“Curvy Mirror” is often replicated) and lighting. Items currently on his site are priced between 55 euros for a “Chunky Candle Holder” and 3,800 euros for a “Chunky Mirror,” while his viral “Wine Table” is on waitlist.

	“’What’s a different way to use a wine glass?’” he asked himself before creating the piece as part of a project for a wine bar. The wine bottle sits in the middle with openings for wine glasses all around. Like all his work, it’s made in one color throughout — curvy, chunky and blending functionality with a sense of playfulness.

	“It helps the shape to be even more clear or direct in some way,” he says of continuously using one color on each object.

	There is one Italian designer who Westman references, however, “when it comes to building up spaces,” he says. “Joe Colombo, I really love his designs and, especially, his spaces.” (Colombo is an influential innovator in design and architecture from the ’60s who’s made an impact on midcentury design.)

	Westman has been busy these days conceptualizing his own space for the L.A. pop-up. It’s open to visitors now through Sunday, located at The Hunt Vintage in Echo Park. Westman connected online with the owner of the shop, who invited him to display his work.

	










	“It’s an exhibition with the idea of making a few rooms like my home in L.A.” explains Westman. “[There’s] one bedroom and one living room and one kitchen, but very, very abstract.”

	Objects and furnishings are available for purchase in the space, at 1554 Sunset Boulevard. It’s only Westman’s second time showing solo, after opening a pop-up in Amsterdam. What brought him to L.A.?

	“I’ve been in Los Angeles a few times before; I found this venue I really liked,” he says. “And I fell in love with this area,” he adds of Echo Park. “Feels like the only place where people really walk around [in L.A.], which I love.”

	Next, Westman says he is looking to dive into other artistic endeavors. 

	“I’m very inspired by maybe slowing down a bit and working on longer-term projects and more collaborations,” he continues. “And I also want to change my direction and do other types of design. I want to try maybe shoe design, and doing other types of collaborations. That’s what I would like to do, expand my creative work.” 
Sign up for WWD news straight to your inbox every day
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Get all the top news stories and alerts straight to your inbox.
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
WWD and Women's Wear Daily are part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All Rights Reserved.