ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - NOVEMBER 21: Olivia Rodrigo attends the 2021 American Music Awards at ... More Microsoft Theater on November 21, 2021 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty Images for MRC )
Olivia Rodrigo is enjoying a huge week on the Billboard charts. The singer-songwriter recently re-released her sophomore album Guts as a deluxe edition with a handful of new tunes, and they’ve all become quick hits on a number of rankings as her fans were fast to buy them in sizable numbers.
All five songs added to Guts–now called Guts (Spilled) when referring to the deluxe edition–debut on this week’s Alternative Digital Song Sales chart. Billboard’s ranking of the bestselling tracks in the U.S. classified by genre as alternative (a form of rock) is flush with Rodrigo’s latest offerings. This frame, she fills half of all the available spaces on the 10-spot tally with her just-dropped cuts.
Rodrigo’s highest-ranking new hit on the Alternative Digital Song Sales chart is “Obsessed,” which has been chosen as the single from Guts (Spilled). That tune opens at No. 2 with 3,295 copies sold, according to Luminate.
The Grammy winner almost landed another No. 1 on the Alternative Digital Song Sales chart this week, but missed out on earning one more champion by a single space. The tally is dominated this frame by Hozier’s “Too Sweet,” which has proved to be a surprising smash. That cut opens in first place on the ranking with 4,190 copies sold in its first frame of availability.
Rodrigo collects back-to-back-to-back hits on the Alternative Digital Song Sales chart this week. As “Obsessed” launches at No. 2, “Stranger” and “So American” are new at Nos. 3 and 4, respectively. Those tracks sold 2,234 and 2,218 copies, respectively.
A little lower on the Alternative Digital Song Sales chart, two more of Rodrigo’s new hits launch side-by-side. “Scared of My Guitar” starts at No. 6 with 1,969 copies sold in its first seven days. “Girl I’ve Always Been” begins its journey on this list at No. 7 thanks to 1,877 copies purchased.
The five songs from Guts (Spilled) weren’t just sales hits, though they did overperform in that important metric. All of those new drops also debut on the Hot 100, upping Rodrigo’s career total by 20%. They similarly find their way to a number of other rankings she knows well, such as the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs, Hot Alternative Songs, and Alternative Streaming Songs tallies.