The pop-punk princess wore her classic 'Guts' tour get-up with a twist.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

After a Mean Girls remake and a Y2K style renaissance, it looks like bright visible bra straps and underwear as outerwear are back. Olivia Rodrigo is leading the lingerie charge in a Coachella outfit featuring custom Victoria's Secret.
The pop-punk princess has been wearing bold bras under sheer-ish white ribbed tanks throughout her Guts tour, and during her surprise performance at Coachella this past weekend, Rodrigo upped the ante. She joined the legendary ska-rock, Gwen Stefani-fronted band No Doubt on the Coachella Main Stage to sing the band's single "Bathwater" on the second night of the annual music festival, marking both Rodrigo’s and No Doubt‘s first time performing at the festival.
Her typical Guts get-up consists of sparkly purple mini shorts, sheer black tights, heart necklaces, a bright red bra, and a series of white ribbed tank tops printed with phrases like "Hopeful Romantic" and "Dump Him." But on Saturday night, Rodrigo re-imagined the look after Stefani circa 2000. Styled by the duo Chloe and Chenelle Delgadillo, Rodrigo wore a white, customized Victoria’s Secret PINK rib crop tank top printed "I <3 ND" in the old English gothic font Gwen Stefani made her own in the early aughts. Under the tank, Rodrigo wore a Victoria’s Secret Customized Wear Everywhere Push Up Bra in the shade Red Pepper with black studs dotting the straps.
Olivia Rodrigo re-imagined her classic Guts get-up after Gwen Stefani's year 2000 style, with custom pieces by Victoria's Secret.
Rodrigo's dark navy Dickies 874 Work Pants steered the look away from feeling too girly—so did a chunky Georgina Trevino custom belt, engraved with her initials in the aforementioned gothic typeface.
The "Vampire" singer also traded out her Doc Martens for black Converse Chuck High Tops and replaced her classic heart-shaped jewelry with thick silver hoops and a silver chain. Instead of her usual long flowing locks, Rodrigo tied her hair up in a braided up-do that called to mind Stefani's No Doubt era hair styles.
The Delgadillos and Rodrigo frequently work together on red carpet looks, music videos, and various performances and appearances. They also style stars like Kim Kardashian, Rosalía, SZA, and Addison Rae.
Olivia Rodrigo has spent the 'Guts' Tour in a range of ribbed tanks and sparkly hot shorts—usually with a Victoria's Secret bra peeking out from underneath.
Rodrigo wasn't the only artist reviving VS at Coachella. Styled by Mimi Cuttrell, Renée Rapp wore a black Victoria's Secret PINK seamless sports bra for her performance that same day. Meanwhile, Sabrina Carpenter worked with stylist Jared Ellner to source a vintage Victoria’s Secret sheer blue nightie set from 1997 to promote her Coachella set.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
If three Gen Zer's say Victoria's Secret is back, it must be.
Julia Gray is a contributing fashion writer at Marie Claire, where she covers runway trends, celebrity style, and shopping. In her six years as a journalist, Julia’s reporting has ranged across style, music, Internet culture, art, retail, tech, and more. In addition to Marie Claire, Julia writes for outlets like the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal, the Ringer, New York Magazine, Pitchfork, Nylon, and Vice, among others. Julia's fashion reporting is led by curiosity. Julia is not only interested in critiquing and covering pop culture, but in understanding what our pop culture says about how we live and modern values. When she’s not writing, Julia hosts a podcast called Girls Room, where she and her co-host revisit shows like Girls and Gossip Girl from the beginning with guests like comedian Cat Cohen and writer Hunter Harris. Girls Room was recently cited in the New York Times.

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.