She's worn the millennial-favorite brand twice in the past week.

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

The Guts world tour may be on hiatus, but Olivia Rodrigo isn’t slowing down in the wearing-outfits-I-need-to-copy department. The singer solidified herself in my mind as one of the best-dressed members of Gen-Z after she was spotted carrying a vintage Coach bag back in early April. Then, she wore not one, but two sundresses from Reformation over the last week that are about to end up in my summer rotation.
Rodrigo's love of Reformation isn't new—she wore a coat from the brand back in December—but the singer was recently snapped in her home state of California wearing Ref for a date night with boyfriend Louis Partridge. She wore the brand's Sora Linen Dress in a red-and-white checkered colorway for the occasion. Ever-inspired by the '90s, the singer—who was born in 2003, for reference—teamed the mini dress with a pair of black chunky Mary Jane flats from Dr. Martens and a simple navy overcoat. She kept her other accessories simple, opting for a red shoulder bag.
Red has become one of the singer's signature hues during the Guts album cycle, both on-stage and off. She recently wore a custom red bra from Victoria's Secret while on stage with No Doubt when they headlined the first weekend of Coachella.
Rodrigo wore the cute checkered piece for an easy (and endlessly copyable) date night look. 
Red has become one of the singer's signature hues during the Guts album cycle, both on-stage and off. She recently wore a red bra from Victoria's Secret while on stage with No Doubt when they headlined the first weekend of Coachella; she's worn the same piece for most of her tour stops.
The day after she was snapped out at dinner, the "Good 4 U" singer showed fans a few details from her days off on Instagram. In a carousel sweetly captioned "home :)", Rodrigo shared a picture wearing the sustainable brand's Jessi Linen Dress in a black-and-white polka dot colorway. This time, she casually styled the dress with tan knee-high boots and swapped her red shoulder bag for a black one. A pair of slender black sunglasses and delicate silver rings completed the outfit.
A post shared by Olivia Rodrigo
A photo posted by oliviarodrigo on 
These sweeter summer looks are a break from Rodrigo's decidedly Sour (excuse the pun) ensembles from earlier this year. During a stretch of four sold-out shows at New York City's Madison Square Garden in early April, the Grammy-winner opted for grungier outfits in shades of gray comprised of chunky knits and Adidas Sambas sneakers.
No matter the season, one thing has become clear: What makes Rodrigo's style so great is how easy it is to emulate—especially because both of her favorite dresses are still available to shop on Reformation's website. Try one—or both—above.
Get exclusive access to fashion and beauty trends, hot-off-the-press celebrity news, and more.
Julia Marzovilla is the Fashion E-Commerce Editor at Marie Claire, where she reviews the latest launches from fashion and beauty brands, finds the best on-sale items around the internet, and interviews experts to find the best products in any category to share with her readers. She also creates shopping guides that span every vertical on the site as an expert in everything from the best laptop bags to the best laser hair removal devices. 
In her near decade of experience, Julia has both written for several top outlets in the E-Commerce space and worked at major fashion labels. Prior to joining the Marie Claire team, she contributed similar shopping stories to sites such as Bustle, InStyle, The Zoe Report, Who What Wear, and worked as the Trending Fashion and News Writer STYLECASTER. You can find her across the internet at @JuliaMarzovilla. In real life, you can find her creating shopping guides for her friends, cooking or baking in her too-small kitchen, or buying tickets for the next time Harry Styles is in town. 
Julia has a Bachelor’s degree in English with a minor in Journalism from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles, California. She lives in New York City, her hometown. 

Tina Fey co-created an updated version of an '80s rom-com and got Steve Carell, Colman Domingo, and more to join her.


The late Queen broke protocol when her grandson was unhappy about one aspect of his big day.


The late princess took control when it came to this aspect of her sons' lives.


She one hundred percent pulls them off.


'Twilight,' Shania Twain, and beyond...


If this is her off-duty look, I can only imagine what Monday's event will bring.


This timepiece is apparently a billionaire essential.


She's taking the subtle approach to method dressing.


Her style is taking a turn toward the demure.


And she chose one of Rihanna's favorite pairs to do it.


She chose an all-leather look to revive the style.


Marie Claire is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.