Get more for less with these versatile and affordable prom dresses. Shop our list of dresses under $100. 

													By
												

	Lilian Gonzalez


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Living out your Olivia Rodrigo prom dreams and finding a dress that makes you feel your best while also being budget-friendly can be challenging. But with affordable options, you can find what you’re looking for — from sleek and classic to trendy and chic — and even use the dress for more than one occasion.  






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	You can save big and shine bright without breaking the bank when it comes to finding the perfect formal gown. If you’re shopping on Amazon — which has options for prom-appropriate dresses — consider taking advantage of all Amazon Prime has to offer and sign up for a 30-day free trial, which also comes with access to Prime Video, Prime Gaming and Amazon Music. And to help make sure you get your dress in time for your formal event, being a Prime member means you get fast, free shipping in two days or less with Prime Delivery. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	To help make your search for a prom dress easier, we put together this list of affordable options. 

	If you are looking for shimmery and glittery options, consider this Eightale Tulle Lace Sparkly Prom Dress. With its elegant spaghetti straps and flowing tulle skirt, it’s a great choice to wear while celebrating with friends and creating unforgettable memories. This dress comes in various colors, from aqua to yellow.

	If you love dresses, you know a black dress is a staple. This Sasha High Slit Wrap Dress is a simple yet elegant option. If you like the style but were hoping for something other than black, it also comes in four other colors: ivory, hunter, navy and royal. If you want to find similar options, head to the Windsor website, where you will be able to buy a variety of looks ranging from formal to chic. 

	For another alternative black dress, consider this Memoriesea One Shoulder Satin Maxi Dress from Amazon. It also has a sexy slim fit. 

	Less is more with this dress. This Amaya Maxi Dress is perfect for many occasions. Whether you’re attending a fancy evening or enjoying a romantic outing, you’ll feel stylish and comfortable. If pink is your favorite color, this soft hue does not disappoint. 

	Embrace your magical night out in this Juniors’ Off the Shoulder Satin Puff-Sleeve Sweetheart Gown that’s on sale now with a 60 percent discount. With its sweetheart neckline and puff sleeves, this dress radiates charm. 

	










	Dazzle in this Stevie Sweetheart Mini Dress. Its vibrant blue color and sweetheart neckline enhances its distinctive features. You’ll be sure to stand out from the crowd with this mini. 

	Switch up your style with this ASOS Satin Halter Maxi Dress. This dress comes in two colors: Barbie pink and chartreuse. Its one-of-a-kind open back and halter style will make you want it in both colors.  

	If you are looking for a long-sleeved option, consider this ASOS Design High Neck Satin Emerald Green Dress. With its elegant high neck and long sleeves, you won’t even need a cover-up. 

	You can also find affordable tuxedos on Amazon, in your favorite style and any color you like. 

	For more product recommendations, check out the best makeup bags for your prom, pimple patches to overcome breakouts, and ways to elevate your skincare to look and feel your best wherever you go. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.