Fans will get the chance to see Lewis Hamilton in Ferrari gear for the first time.
In a historic first, Formula 1 will host a season launch event at London's O2 in 2025, with all teams, drivers and bosses present.
This will be the first time ever the 10 teams – Alpine, Aston Martin, Ferrari, Haas, Kick Sauber, McLaren, Mercedes, Racing Bulls, Red Bull and Williams – come together to reveal their 2025 liveries in front of a live audience.
The event is to mark 75 years of F1, although perhaps the biggest moment of the night will come from seeing Lewis Hamilton in Ferrari red for the first time.
Alongside a first look at the cars, the premiere will feature interviews with key figures from the sport, plus "top entertainment and special guest presenters".
F1 CEO Stefano Domenicali said: "For the first time, we will bring together our fans, all 20 superstars of our sport and some very special guests to officially kick off our new season and mark our 75th year of racing.
"With 2025 set to be a classic season following all the drama so far in 2024, this is a fantastic opportunity for fans of all ages to experience up-close the incredible entertainment spectacle that is Formula 1."
The F1 2025 season kicks off in Australia on 16th March, so here's how you can get tickets to this groundbreaking world premiere.
Buy F1 75 tickets at AXS
For more of the latest ticketing releases, take a look a Robbie Williams tickets, Olivia Rodrigo tickets, Raye tickets and Andy Murray tickets.
Sign up for our Going Out newsletter to receive the latest updates on new ticket releases, plus inspiration for how to spend your weekend.
By entering your details you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Jump to: 
F1 75 is a unique event designed to launch the 2025 racing season and mark the 75th anniversary of the sport.
For the first time in F1 history, all 10 teams, drivers and bosses will appear together to reveal the new liveries (designs) for their 2025 cars.
The event will also include live interviews with key figures from the sport, including drivers and team principals. Plus, there will be a range of entertainment and special guest presenters to keep things moving.
Buy F1 75 tickets at AXS
F1 75 will take place at London's O2 Arena on Tuesday 18th February 2025. The event will run from 8pm to 10pm.
If you've never been to the O2 before, it's perfectly simple: you'll need to head to North Greenwich via the Jubilee line, or you can drive, but we'd suggest pre-booking parking.
In the need for speed? Take a look at the best driving experiences.
Tickets range from £58 to £113, including booking fees – although an extra £2.50 per order transaction fee will be added.
Buy F1 75 tickets at AXS
Tickets are on sale right now, having gone live at 10am on Friday 15th November via AXS.
Demand is sure to be high, and when we checked ticket availability at quarter past 10, there were still tickets available, but you will have to join a queue.
Buy F1 75 tickets at AXS
If you miss out, though, it's not all bad news: F1 will stream the event live, with broadcast details due to be announced in the coming weeks.
But in the meantime, check out the best TNT Sports offers and the best Sky Sports offers.
Plus, here are the best F1 experience days. 
Sign up to receive our newsletter!
By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get £10 issues for £10!
Releasing equity from your home could help give you the retirement you've been dreaming of?
Need inspiration of where to go next? Escorted tour, river cruise, yacht cruise, short break. Request a free brochure and start your journey. Now taking bookings for 2025, 2026 and 2027!