What's it like to see House Speaker Mike Johnson after missing the Trump rally in Bozeman?
It's like seeing Olivia Rodrigo after missing the chance to see Taylor Swift.  Or maybe vice versa.
Speaker Johnson made a campaign stop for Rep. Ryan Zinke at the Beacon Air Group hanger just outside the Billings Airport on Friday afternoon the 16th.  And the Montana Republican delegation came in force to welcome the third in line to the Presidency.
Montana Talks radio host Aaron Flint warmed up the audience of about 150.  After the Pledge of Allegiance and a prayer, Attorney General Austin Knudsen spoke of Walz and Harris' support of the Minneapolis rioters.  Troy Downing expressed his concerns that younger generations cannot afford first homes and over the security of food, agriculture and energy.
Governor Greg Gianforte humbly acknowledged that serving is the "Greatest honor of my life."  He contrasted the Biden and Trump administrations as the weak and failing verses the strong and successful.
Rep. Ryan Zinke said that in this election year Montana is on the map for crucial races.  He praised Speaker Johnson's four qualities: he's the most Conservative Speaker; he's a Constitutional attorney; he's a Christian; and he's kind yet firm.
After praise for Gianforte and Knudsen, Speaker Mike Johnson showed an amusing talent for imitating Rep. Zinke with the quote "Hold the line, hold the line."
He warned that the U.S. is under the "greatest collection of crises since World War II or the Civil War."  Yet he remains bullishly optimistic that the GOP will hold the House, take the Senate and the White House.
In answering what American Conservatism is, Speaker Johnson has a strong set of values in his 7 Core Principles: Individual Freedom, Limited Government, Rule of Law, Peace through Strength, Fiscal Responsibility, Free Markets, and Human Dignity.  He could run for President of the United States on this simple platform and could win a great majority of Republicans and a lot of votes from Independents.
So I have two questions for you, Dear Reader.  Do you agree with these seven values?  Would you vote for a candidate with these values?
Gallery Credit: jessejames
Gallery Credit: Will Gordon