By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  06:47, 26 August 2024   |  Updated:  08:41, 26 August 2024   
 67
View  comments
This pop star looked unrecognizable in her high school years before she adopted her musical persona and became the avant-garde artist she is widely known as today.
Nearly a decade later since she was in grade school, she has evidently and completely changed her style.
Nowadays, she tends to dress boldly and provocatively to better suit her confident and fun personality as well as her daring and unapologetic attitude.
For her stage performances and public appearances, she is also frequently seen modeling more eclectic and dramatic stage makeup.
Can you guess who she is?
This pop star looked unrecognizable in her high school years before she adopted her musical persona and became the avant-garde artist she is widely known as today
The unrecognizable high school junior who grew up and glowed up is Chappell Roan!
The singer-songwriter, whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, shared a TikTok video two years ago, but the clip of her showing off her yearbook photo is once again making the rounds on social media.
This comes as her fame is propelling to mainstream fame, to heights she has never experienced before, as evidenced by her firm, angry statement in response to invasive fans.
Back in August 2022, the musician, whose album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess is currently inching its way to the top of the Billboard chart, shared a photo of herself in a squatting position on a page of her yearbook. 
She laughed at herself for the photo and captioned her post: 'Proof my high school hated me.' 
In the hilarious video, she lip synced to dialogue from The Vampire Diaries as she put her hand over her face in feigned shame and laughed at herself.
'Burn it. Did I say stand there and look stupid? No, I said burn it.' 
The unrecognizable high school junior who grew up and glowed up is Chappell Roan! Seen at Outside Lands on August 11
The singer-songwriter, whose real name is Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, shared a TikTok video two years ago, but the clip of her showing off her yearbook photo is once again going viral 
In her yearbook photo, her teenage self could be seen wearing a baggy, all-black ensemble and sitting in an awkward squatting stance with her hands posed unnaturally. 
The outfit looked like something she would not be seen wearing today as she is frequently seen in eye-catching and colorful looks on stage nowadays.
In the photo, she could be seen wearing a soccer hoodie with black sweatpants and a white headband over her long, auburn curls, which she has kept the same.
She posed with her chin tucked downwards and stared up at the camera with a purposefully eerie smile on her face.
The Good Luck, Babe! hitmaker's musical career began in her teenage years but it wasn't until this year when her debut album, which her fans often refer to as a 'sleeper hit,' became a commercial success.
When Roan was 17, she uploaded an original song she wrote, Die Young, to YouTube and caught the attention of Atlantic Records, which would land her a contract shortly thereafter. 
In 2017, she released her debut EP, School Nights. Afterwards, she dropped her 2020 single titled Pink Pony Club, which was a shift in her musical style. 
That same year, she was dropped from Atlantic Records and went on to release a series of songs independently before she signed with Island Records. 
For her stage performances and public appearances, she is also frequently seen modeling more eclectic and dramatic stage makeup; seen in February
The Good Luck, Babe! hitmaker's musical career began in her teenage years but it wasn't until this year when her debut album The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess, which her fans often refer to as a 'sleeper hit,' became a commercial success; seen on May 8
In 2023, she released her debut album, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest Princess. 
In support of that album, Roan is currently on her The Midwest Princess tour. 
Although the album was not an immediate commercial success, The Rise and Fall of a Midwest princess has begun climbing the charts — nearly a year after its release. 
In addition to opening for Olivia Rodrigo's Guts and Sour tours, she has made appearances at a number of music festivals, which have all heavily lended to her sudden catapult into mainstream fame.
Her rapid rise to superstardom is something she is navigating in her own way as she continues to publicly reaffirm her boundaries to her fans' inappropriate behavior.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group