Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
"Saturday Night Live" has announced its first two hosts to usher in 2025.
Season 50 of the sketch comedy show will return Jan. 18 with an episode led by Dave Chappelle, marking his fourth time as host, with musical guest GloRilla.
Then, Timothée Chalamet will serve double duty as both host and musical guest for the Jan. 25 episode. Chalamet acts and sings as Bob Dylan in the film "A Complete Unknown," which hit theaters on Dec. 25.
The legendary sketch comedy show's 50th season premiered Sept. 28, 2024, with host Jean Smart and musical guest Jelly Roll.
The show has continued to feature more A-lists hosts and musicians during its landmark season, including: 
In an unofficial "SNL" tradition, Season 50 ushered in several cast changes for the show, which debuted on Oct. 11, 1975.
Former "SNL" cast member Maya Rudolph revived her zany Vice President Kamala Harris impression to coincide with the 2024 presidential election.
Rudolph, a cast member from 2000 to 2007, also hosted the show’s Mother’s Day episode last season.
Three of the show’s cast members — Punkie Johnson, Molly Kearney and Chloe Troast — announced their exits from the show prior to the season's start.
Meanwhile, “SNL” also added three new featured cast members for its milestone season: Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline.
The show's new cast members in Season 50 are Ashley Padilla, Emil Wakim and Jane Wickline.
Padilla, from the San Francisco Bay Area, has been a member of the famed Groundlings Main Company improv and sketch comedy troupe since 2021, according to an "SNL" press release.
Wakim, a Lebanese-American stand-up comedian, actor and writer, was selected as a New Face of Comedy at the 2022 Just for Laughs Comedy Festival. He’s also performed on “The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon.” 
Wickline, who lives in Los Angeles, was a cast member on TikTok’s live show “Stapleview,” and performs sketch comedy on tour. 
Punkie Johnson, Molly Kearney and Chloe Troast all announced their exits from “SNL” prior to the start of Season 50.
Johnson, who had been a cast member for four seasons, announced during a stand-up comedy performance in Brooklyn in July that she would not be returning to “SNL.”
A day later, Kearney, the show’s first nonbinary cast member who joined the cast in 2022, announced their exit on Instagram.
Earlier this month, Troast, who joined the show last year, announced on Instagram that she “was not asked back” for Season 50.
"SNL" will officially celebrate its 50th anniversary with a live primetime special on Sunday, Feb. 16, 2025.
In February 2015, "SNL" celebrated its 40th anniversary in a blowout primetime special featuring some of the show's most beloved cast members over the years, including Eddie Murphy, Adam Sandler, Bill Hader, Molly Shannon, Tina Fey, Amy Poehler, Chris Rock, Will Ferrell, Dan Aykroyd, Kate McKinnon, Fred Armisen, Maya Rudolph, Norm Macdonald, Kenan Thompson, Jimmy Fallon and dozens more.
Cast member Mikey Day revealed during a June 2023 visit to TODAY that Lorne Michaels, the show's creator and producer, had already begun planning for the show's 50th anniversary celebration.
“It’s going to be insane,” said Day. “I haven’t heard that much. I know Lorne’s slowly putting it together.”
Gina Vivinetto is a trending news reporter for TODAY.com
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.