Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 2)
All About That Bass was nominated for Record/Song in 2015 when she was still a one hit wonder (Lips Are Movin hadn’t taken off yet), she didn’t win BNA until the next year.
The reason was because she hasn’t released her studio album yet at that moment
These were her submissions in 2014:
Meghan Trainor
All About That Bass – ROY, SOY, Pop Solo, Music Vid
She wasn’t eligible for BNA that year
https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js 
I guess this is why Queen B is never ever winning AOTY. All those creatives she stole publishing from talk among themselves, and they will never be voting for someone who is taking credit and money from fellow creatives.
Honey, miss Beyoncé been stealing from the gurls for YEARS!!!  Nothing new.
I guess this is why Queen B is never ever winning AOTY. All those creatives she stole publishing from talk among themselves, and they will never be voting for someone who is taking credit and money from fellow creatives.
She needs to stop sampling and interpolating other people’s song. That’s simple as that.
Migs
I wonder if St. Vincent’s upcoming album could end up being an AOTY contender? Alternative voters like her a lot, she herself even called this her most “serious” album yet, and especially with the feature from Dave Grohl it seems like it’ll be much more straightforward rock which could get her more support from more traditional Rock voters. Don’t know if I’d predict her but I’m definitely counting her as a contender.
listened to both of vampire weekend’s new songs. i love both, but i think “capricorn” will be the track submitted for the categories. it feels more, approachable? definitely more likeable than “gen-x cops” but i think the latter has better production.
FOR YOUR GRAMMYS CONSIDERATION :
MAGDALENA BAY - IMAGINAL DISK
listened to both of vampire weekend’s new songs. i love both, but i think “capricorn” will be the track submitted for the categories. it feels more, approachable? definitely more likeable than “gen-x cops” but i think the latter has better production. 
“Capricorn” for Best Alternative Music Performance and “Gen-X Cops” for Best Rock Performance/Song.
I wonder if St. Vincent’s upcoming album could end up being an AOTY contender? Alternative voters like her a lot, she herself even called this her most “serious” album yet, and especially with the feature from Dave Grohl it seems like it’ll be much more straightforward rock which could get her more support from more traditional Rock voters. Don’t know if I’d predict her but I’m definitely counting her as a contender. 
It would be interesting because she will have a release with Olivia Rodrigo this year too (St Vincent as songwriter/producer) so she will be in the spotlight more than in the past
Hot 100 (only 5 days)
#2. Texas Hold Em (next week prediction #1)
#38. 16 Carriages
We must be entering the biggest Beyonce era since Sasha Fierce.
“Capricorn” also has alt-ROTY nominee written all over it. Won’t win of course but the nom is all but guaranteed.
Gaga will probably make her comeback in fortnite.
*fortnite https://t.co/1FwPHmMfRJ pic.twitter.com/9BSG6S23zh
— Lady Gaga (@ladygaga) February 20, 2024
“Texas Hold ‘Em” was added basically everywhere this week, a total of 8 radio formats.
Ranging from pop (top 40/HAC/AC) to rhythmic/urban (incl. AC) and finnishing on country and – most surprising – triple A radios. A crossover smash hit incoming, perhaps?
I don’t think it’ll win ROTY after 8 freaking noms, but that’s something to definitely look out for: Beyoncé entering on a bold/new zone musically, backed on a certified hit with a safe sound and potential cross-genre/universal appeal.
But yeah I’m rooting for Texas ROTY already
“Capricorn” also has alt-ROTY nominee written all over it. Won’t win of course but the nom is all but guaranteed. 
Vampire Weekend is in the bottom of the ballot. Without committees and on such a strong year, they’re going to be relegated to Rock/Alternative categories. But that still means 4 nominations for them.
yeah, i think vampire weekend will have a very tough time getting into GF. ‘not strong enough’ only happened last year because of the ballot placement
Honey, with 8 slots in the General Field, Vampire Weekend can totally happen in Record of the Year and/or Album of the Year.
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 2)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media