You start with MTV, of course. Then VH1, The Box, Kiss, Kerrang up to Clubland past the many others in between. Then back down again through the same channels until you find something you like.
It is a ritual that could continue for hours. Half of them would be on ad breaks but that was fine, you would eventually settle on something. If you were born in the 80s or 90s this is likely a familiar chunk of your childhood.
At a friend's house in the school holidays the music channels could be the soundtrack to the summer, especially when it was invariably raining outside. Then in our teenage years, they were in the background at house parties and then the warm-up act as we got ready to for nights out.
READ MORE: New iPhone feature will 'help drivers avoid speeding fines'
Receive newsletters with the biggest and breaking TV and showbiz news by signing up here
But then something changed. It was with a tinge of nostalgic sadness that I recently learned a number of once-popular music channels had been taken off air, including The Box and Kerrang. The age of the music channel is over but in truth it died long ago.
There was a time when excitement over the latest video almost topped the song itself and huge budgets would be blown on them accordingly. We watched with wide-eyed amazement at what Eminem or Beyonce were doing this time to top their rivals.
I've hardly seen a new video in years, so it's not like I can complain. I'm not even sure if artists still make them. If video killed the radio star, I guess the iPod wounded the video star before Spotify finished it off completely.
For someone like me, the music channels were heaven. I have a wide range of taste when it comes to music. So if there was nothing for me on MTV Dance or The Box, I was just as likely to find something to enjoy on Kerrang from the likes of Blink 182 or the Foo Fighters. Equally, there might be an 80s classic on VH1 to stop me in my tracks, a 90s dance banger or club anthem on one of the others.
The kids of today might tell me there's still a place for video. YouTube and TikTok get billions of viewers. Maybe they still care about the latest video from Taylor Swift or Olivia Rodrigo. But it doesn't appear to be the same to me.
Nowadays it tends to be more about the latest album drop on Spotify from Swift or Beyonce (somehow relevant in both eras - that's why they call her the queen, I guess). And Spotify and its streaming rivals have a lot to do with this.
If you had told me when I was kid you would have virtually any song from history in the palm of your hand, for a relatively tiny montly fee, I'd have thought it impossible. It still amazes me now.
Kids today, they can listen to any song they want whenever they want. They can stream it hundreds of times on Spotify or YouTube, they can make their own playlists and countdowns that once played out on music channels. I suppose the Spotify listening party is today what flicking through the music channels was 20 years ago.
Like so many other things in life, the time came when they were no longer relevant. And while I may not have watched Kerrang or The Box for years, there was something comforting about knowing they were still there.
In the same way I would mourn the death of my one-time favourite football magazine, despite deserting it for the internet along with millions of its other readers long ago, I feel a sense of sadness at the loss of these once giant music channels, a longing for simpler times perhaps.
It's the end of an era. But what a glorious era it was.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.