By BRIDIE PEARSON-JONES FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  08:50, 30 March 2024   |  Updated:  17:02, 14 May 2024   
 10
View  comments
With a voice of an angel, the angst of Joan Jett and the style of RuPaul, Chappell Roan was born destined for superstardom. 
The pop sensation, born in a small town of just 6,000 people in Missouri, has had an incredible rise in the last year and is set to perform at a series of shows in London for her world tour. 
Since she released her debut album in September the singer has continued to rise and rise, thanks to her burlesque-inspired looks and raunchy lyrics gathering a legion of Gen Z fans.
The album The Rise and Fall of Midwest Princess, is aptly named, given Chappell came from nowhere to get a huge record deal at 17, only to be dropped and working in a coffee shop a few years later.
Nine years ago, when she was just 17, Chappell, real name Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, was signed to Atlantic Records, a major label that has the likes of Bruno Mars, Cardi B,  Lizzo and Ed Sheeran on their books.
A big feat for anyone but especially for Chappell, who at the time was closest queer woman who grew up 'really really religious' and who knew no one in Hollywood.
But as soon as it happened, it disappeared. Chappell was dropped by her label in 2020, and returned to her tiny Ozarks home, where she worked as a barista and made music quietly.
Four years on,  she's touring the world in an arena tour with chart topper Olivia Rodrigo. She counts Elton John as a fan. 
Chappell Roan was born destined for superstardom. She is pictured on the cover of her new album
Since she released her debut album in September the singer has continued to rise and rise, thanks to her burlesque-inspired looks and raunchy lyrics gathering a legion of Gen Z fans
Nine years ago, when she was just 17, Chappell, real name Kayleigh Rose Amstutz, was signed to Atlantic Records, a major label that has the likes of Bruno Mars, Cardi B, Lizzo and Ed Sheeran on their books
Four years on, she's touring the world in an arena tour with chart topper Olivia Rodrigo. She counts Elton John as a fan. She is pictured after a show
As a teenager, Chappell had been discovered via YouTube after uploading videos of herself singing covers 'for fun'. She had written songs because she had a crush on an older Mormon student. Skipping her last year of school, she then moved to Hollywood, released an EP,  and opened for huge acts like Vance Joy.
She thought she had won the lottery.
'I was 17 and I thought I was gonna win a Grammy,' she told the Guardian. 'It's funny, because, when you sign to a label, that's when the real work begins'.
In 2020, she released Pink Pony Club, a single that got massive critical traction.
The semi-autobiographical track tells the tale of a girl from a small town discovering her queerness at a gay club.
It was written immediately after her first visit to a gay club. Growing up in Missori she had 'never seen a drag queen.  
Critical acclaim soon followed. USA Today ranked the song third on a list of the '10 best songs of 2020, Vulture called it the 'song of summer 2021' 
As a teenager, Chappell had been discovered via YouTube after uploading videos of herself singing covers 'for fun'. She is pictured performing on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert
The star is now opening for Olivia Rodrigo (pictured together)
Yet, despite praise from critics,  the dream quickly came crashing down. After a lack of sales, Chappell was dropped by her label.
 This, paired with the Covid-19 pandemic, and a break-up of a boyfriend of four years, and a bipolar diagnosis, saw Chappell move back to Missouri with her parents and get a job at a drive-through donut shop.
After working in a coffee drive thru as a barista while working on her music as an independent artist she managed to save enough money to move back to LA.
'I was working the drive-through and I would just think of little song melodies and write on my Notes app. And that's kind of how I kept the flame going. It didn't really explode until I moved back to LA and got a job,' she told Vanity Fair. 
The return to the midwest was tricky one for Chappell, who had been both 'terrified and thrilled' to move to LA.
Growing up listening to Christian rock, and going to church three times a week, the first time she saw the video for Lady Gaga's Alejandro she thought it was 'porn'. 
Her name comes from her grandfather Dennis K. Chappell, who died of brain cancer in 2016 and his favourite song 'The Strawberry Roan' by Curley Fletcher. She is pictured as a child
Chappell often brings out drag queens to open at their shows 
She had been 'shaking in Trader Joe's' the first time she saw someone shopping in a sports bra, yet quickly she embraced the west coast lifestyle. 
'I grew up thinking being gay was bad and a sin,' she added to the Guardian. 'I went to the gay club once and it was so impactful, like magic. It was the opposite of everything I was taught'.
Not surprising, as she had grown up being told LA was 'demonic' and 'full of Satanists'. 
Once back in LA, Chappell began working with Dan Nigro, who produced Pink Pony Club.
In the in between, Dan had reached producer superstar status for working with Olivia Rodrigo on Grammy-winning albums SOUR and GUTS.
Before making it big, she worked odd jobs, including at a donut shot, as a nanny and a production assistant on a HBO show.
Then, she then landed a  deal with Sony in 2022, and now she's opening for Olivia Rodrigo on her world tour, playing for hundreds of thousands of people. 
Growing up listening to Christian rock, and going to church three times a week, the first time she saw the video for Lady Gaga's Alejandro she thought it was 'porn'. Chappell is pictured
Then, she then landed a deal with Sony in 2022, and now she's opening for Olivia Rodrigo on her world tour, playing for hundreds of thousands of people. She is poc
'It happened so fast and I just wasn't ready,' she told Variety.
'It's so cliché, but one weekend I was playing coffee shops and the next weekend I was signed to Atlantic Records. It was very, very unhinged and really scary. I just genuinely didn't know what I was doing, and I didn't feel like I had a lot of help.'
Chappell, who she calls a 'drag persona', is the 'future of pop' according to Rolling Stone.  
The album has now been streamed more than a hundred million times, with Chappell also making appearances on late night shows in the US. 
'I rose from the ashes of losing all my money and moving back in with my parents and working the drive-through — this beautiful project came to life from the deep pits of hell',' she told Variety.
She now says that she 'hated all her music' from her first EP, and the new album, is filled with sexually-suggestive queer tracks including 'My Kink is Karma' and  'Naked in Manhattan'.
One track, Casual, has lyrics: 'Knee deep in the passenger seat and you're eating me out. Is it casual now?'.
In another, Red Wine Supernova, she cheekily sings: 'I heard you like magic – I've got a wand and a rabbit.'
She now says that she 'hated all her music' from her first EP, and the new album, is filled with sexually-suggestive queer tracks including 'My Kink is Karma' and 'Naked in Manhattan', Pictured perfoming in Califronia 
Olivia is known for her burlesque-inspired outfits and raunchy lyrics
'My songs are so overtly sexual on purpose because it's an expression of me that I wasn't able to express growing up in a Christian household, in a Christian town that was very conservative,' she told Vulture.
'But I shot myself in the foot because unfortunately, when people hear those songs, they just assume that I'm that way. That's definitely put me in some uncomfortable situations.'
While the album has described by critics as 'really high-femme, over-the-top gay pop', Chappell says she's 'an introvert' and her onstage persona is a drag queen.
Despite the obviously sexually-charged lyrics, for Chappell she 'just wants to be Hannah Montana' - the teen star played by Miley Cyrus. 
Her name comes from her grandfather Dennis K. Chappell, who died of brain cancer in 2016 and  his favourite song 'The Strawberry Roan' by Curley Fletcher.
Off-stage, Chappell says she's very lowkey and an 'introvert' 
The star describes herself as a 'midwest Princess' 
And while her name is wholesome, her look, is part drag-queen, part burlesque.   
'I'm very much inspired by drag and burlesque,' she told Vulture, as well as saying she is inspired by 'Bratz dolls'.
'I love burlesque outfits because they're so dramatic and pretty and sparkly and intricate. Showgirls, the movie, is one of my favourite movies, I love the outfits and the makeup. Euphoria stole everything from that movie. And Pinterest. Pinterest is my way of life,' she added to Vulture, a far cry from her 'very sheltered and very prude' upbringing.
'I am very introverted. I love being alone. I love playing video games by myself'.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group