By 

	Tomás Mier


	Sex is good. Reproductive rights for everyone? Even better. On Tuesday, Noise for Now revealed the track list for Tift Merritt’s album initiative Songs for Sex, featuring Jason Isbell and the 400 Unit, Andrew Bird, and several other stars to support sexual and reproductive rights.

	Among the artists featured on the record are Ella Vos, Rett Madison, Kev Decor, Tanner Porter, Thao, and My Brightest Diamond. Some stars will perform covers, while others will share live versions of their own tracks to benefit the National Women’s Health Network.

	“We all have stories about how these regressive steps backward play out in our lives, and in the lives of people we love,” Merritt said in a press release. “I hope these songs open your heart to how important it is to stand up for bodily autonomy, reproductive freedoms, privacy, and more love in the world no matter what it looks like.”

	Noise for Now — the non-profit organization leading the LP — teased its release by dropping an album preview, “How to Be 18” by girl band Trousdale, about a young woman who seeks an abortion in a state where it’s illegal to.

	










	“While the political conversation around abortion in this country often centers on life-threatening circumstances, we wanted to focus on the more common reason women seek it: simply not being ready to bring a child into the world,” the band said in a press release. “In addition to reproductive rights, Project 2025 targets the rights of LGBTQ+ individuals and undermines protections for marginalized communities.”

	“We’re proud to be part of the fight for the basic human dignity that every person deserves,” the band added.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








Songs for Sex Track List

	1. “Recreational Sex” by Tift Merritt and Robert Ellis2. “Love in This Club” (Usher cover) by Ella Vos3. “Bad Idea, Right?” (Olivia Rodrigo cover) by Thao4. “Whe Beretta (Live)” by Jason Isbell and the 400 Uited5. “Bloodless (Live from the Green Mill)” by Andrew Bird6. “Fatal Attraction (Live)” by Katie Malco7. “Today/Sex (Live in Portland, OR)” by Erin McKeown8. “Red String Theory” by Kev Decor9. “Hold You (Responsible)” by Cake10. “Black Sheep” by My Brightest Diamond11. “ThreeSeven” by the Album Leaf12. “Kids Having Kids” by Redd Madison13. “Eager Teeth (Acoustic)” by Sym Fera14. “Back to Shore (Acoustic)” by Tanner Porter15. “How to Be 18 (Demo)” by Trousdale16. “One Good Thing” by Tift Merritt
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.