The 2024 MTV VMAs will air live from New York's UBS Arena at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Wednesday, Sept. 11
Steve Jennings/Getty; Gareth Cattermole/TAS24/Getty
 The 2024 MTV Video Music Awards have arrived!

 The annual ceremony, which honors the best music videos, artists and songs of the year, will take place at UBS Arena in Elmont, New York on Wednesday, Sept. 11, with Megan Thee Stallion as host.

 This year’s show is set to be a star-studded affair, with various A-listers performing and vying for Moon Person trophies.

 Keep reading for everything to know about the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards.

James Devaney/GC Images; Astrida Valigorsky/Getty 
 Taylor Swift leads the pack this year with 10 nominations, including the coveted video of the year category. Should she take home a Moon Person for video of the year, she’ll break her own record and become the only artist to ever three-peat and win five times in the category.

 Post Malone, Swift’s “Fortnight” collaborator, is up for nine awards himself, while Ariana Grande, Eminem and Sabrina Carpenter each earned six nominations.

 Host Megan Thee Stallion and SZA are each vying for five awards, while LISA, Olivia Rodrigo and Teddy Swims have four each.

 Carpenter and Swims are among the 29 first-time nominees, which also includes Benson Boone, Tyla, Chappell Roan, Jelly Roll, Rauw Alejandro, Sexxy Red, Victoria Monét and more.

 See the full list of nominees for 2024 here.

John Smolek/Icon Sportswire/Getty
 This year’s show includes an A-list lineup of talent set to take the stage and perform, including Eminem, who will open the show with music from his latest album, The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce).

 Sabrina Carpenter, Shawn Mendes, Chappell Roan, Camila Cabello, Megan Thee Stallion, Halsey, Anitta, Benson Boone, GloRilla, Karol G, Lenny Kravitz, LISA, LL Cool J and Rauw Alejandro are all on the docket as performers.

 Additionally, Teddy Swims and Jessie Murph will deliver performances on the show's Extended Play stage, while Le Sserafim is set to take the stage during the pre-show.

 Katy Perry is also set to perform on the VMAs stage for the first time in seven years as she receives the Video Vanguard Award, joining the ranks of icons like Britney Spears, Rihanna and Michael Jackson.

Taylor Hill/Getty
 Meghan Thee Stallion will take the reigns as host this year, following last year’s emcee Nicki Minaj.

 The rapper is nominated for five awards this year, including best collaboration for "Wanna Be" with GloRilla as well as best hip-hop, best visual effects, best direction and best art direction for "Boa."

Kevin Mazur/WireImage
 Katy Perry is set to receive this year’s Video Vanguard Award, and will hit the show’s stage for the first time in seven years to perform a medley of his biggest hits in celebration.

 "Katy is a musical powerhouse and true pop culture icon," Bruce Gillmer, Paramount's president of music, music talent, programming and events and Paramount+'s chief content officer for music, said in a statement.

 The “Never Really Over” singer won her first VMAs in 2011, taking home three Moon People for best visual effects and best collaboration (“E.T.” featuring Kanye West) and video of the year (“Firework”).

Amy Sussman/WireImage, John Nacion/Getty, Kevin Mazur/Getty
 Celebrities set to present at this year’s show include Big Sean, Busta Rhymes, Carson Daly, Cyndi Lauper, Addison Rae, Chicken Shop Date host Amelia Dimoldenberg and Alessandra Ambrosio.

 Others include musicians Damiano David of Måneskin, DANNA, DJ Khaled, Lil Nas X, Miranda Lambert, Fat Joe, Flavor Flav and French Montana, plus Little Mermaid star Halle Bailey, Olympic gymnast Jordan Chiles, Naomi Scott, Paris Hilton, Suki Waterhouse, Thalía and Tinashe.

 The 2024 MTV VMAs will air live from New York’s UBS Arena at 8 p.m. ET/PT on Wednesday, Sept. 11. A preshow will also air beginning at 6:30 p.m.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)