WITH a host of names up in the air to headline the biggest music festival in the UK, one name stands out among the rest and has been named the "clear favourite" by UK bookmakers.


  Usually, the initial Glastonbury Festival line-up announcement comes in March, with each stage and area sharing its full line-up in the following months.


  Glastonbury 2022 came to a close after it returned for the first time in three years due to the coronavirus pandemic, marking 50 years of the festival.


  With it brought star names including Sir Paul McCartney, who sang a duet with vocal recordings of his former bandmate, John Lennon, and Greta Thunberg, who delivered a passionate speech from the Pyramid Stage calling on society to take on its “historic responsibility to set things right” with the global climate crisis.


  However, the big surprise was upcoming music sensation Olivia Rodrigo, who impressed on her Glastonbury debut on the Other Stage in 2022.


  Olivia was joined by Lily Allen, who shocked fans with her long-awaited return to the stage.


  Lily Allen sang her hit song F*** You alongside Rodrigo in response to the US Supreme Court’s decision to end the country’s constitutional right to abortion.


  With less than a month until Glastonbury tickets go on sale, UK bookmakers have significantly shortened the odds of the US pop star to headline the Pyramid Stage in 2025.


  Olivia Rodrigo has seen her odds slashed from 6/4 to 1/5 since the start of October, raising her implied probability of headlining from 40% to 83.3%.


  This surge in confidence comes as Rodrigo announced tour dates in Manchester on June 30th and July 1st, 2025, just after Glastonbury takes place.


  The only other artist with an implied probability higher than 50% is London-based DJ Fred Again, who is currently priced at 5/6, equating to a 54.5% probability.


  Other top contenders in the market include Harry Styles (6/4), Sam Fender (6/4), Rihanna (2/1), Ed Sheeran (9/2), and Eminem (9/2).


According to Oddschecker, Olivia Rodrigo is the 'clear favourite' to headline next year's Glastonbury Festival. (Image: Harry Mockridge/Newsquest)Olivia Rodrigo has rescheduled performances at Manchester’s Co-op Live arena, more than a year after the gigs were controversially cancelled because of a string of problems with the new venue.


  The new dates have roused further speculation that Rodrigo could form part of the bill at Glastonbury Festival, to take place at Worthy Farm from June 25 to 29.


  Unfortunately for some, and despite their recently announced comeback tour, Oasis have confirmed they won't be taking part in next year's Glastonbury Festival which leaves them out for the count.


  The singer, who has almost 40 million followers on Instagram, recently performed her "biggest show yet" in the Philippines earlier this month, which the star described as “the most special show and the most meaningful trip” as her great-grandfather emigrated from the Philippines to the US.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.