Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
 A North Wales takeaway has gone viral after the owners posted hilarious musical covers on TikTok. Jimmy and Fatima Hamil, the husband and wife duo who own Street Pizza and Kebab in Llangollen have clocked up a huge following on the social media platform. 
The couple's covers of classics from Grease and The Proclaimers have generated more than a million views and tens of thousands of likes. It has sparked hundreds comments on the social media platform garnering thousands of views in the process. 
Their most watched video, which has had more than 1.3m views, is a cover from the musical Greece. One commenter said: "Brilliant where is this shop I'm going to visit."
READ MORE: Charity boxes and till stolen from Llandudno cafe during break-in
READ MORE: Siblings inherit huge Welsh farm from relative they never knew existed - and it's worth a fortune
Another said: "This is fantastic I wish you were local cause I would order. Their Version of "I'm Gonna Be (500 miles) by the Proclaimers, has had more than 682,000 views alone. 
One person said: "Just rolls off the tongue, great work," while another person added: "In tune and rhymes perfectly."
Another video has a cover of The Verve's Bitter Sweet Symphony and, which gives the opening times and menu of the takeaway to the tune.
Another person added: 'Great people lovely food.'
The takeaway shop even did a video featuring Olivia Rodrigo's song, Sour, where one of the owners comes in with a pizza box labelled 'Pizza guy' and the Street Pizza & Kebab logo scribbled out. 
Another video captioned with 'Another fun weekend with some of the Llangollen locals' features customers dancing while a wrap is prepared.
The song It's Friday Then Saturday Sunday (What!) by Dubskie plays in the background and a huge cheer can be heard from the customers when the freshly made wrap is handed over the counter. 
Street Pizza and Kebab has posted 25 videos in total bringing a smile to people's faces.
Sign up now for the latest news on the North Wales Live Whatsapp community
See what's happening in your area: