By KIRSTEN MURRAY FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:27, 5 October 2024   |  Updated:  16:57, 5 October 2024   
 10
View  comments
Olivia Rodrigo fans have been left furious after the Co-op Live released an update on the singer's rescheduled dates. 
The Good 4 U hitmaker was forced to cancel the Manchester dates of her Guts world tour back in May after the landmark £350million Co-op Arena postponed its opening show for the third time.
Both Olivia's shows on the Friday and Saturday in the city were axed, and the venue has now revealed details on the rescheduled dates will be announced next week. 
However fans were left furious after waiting five months for an update, with many fans already requesting refunds after assuming the tour was over.  
Taking to Instagram, Co-op Live wrote: 'Rescheduled dates for Olivia Rodrigo’s 2 previously postponed Manchester shows will be announced next week. Stay tuned!'
Olivia Rodrigo fans have been left FURIOUS after the Co-op live provided an update on her rescheduled Manchester dates FIVE MONTHS after the initial cancelled gigs
The Good 4 U hitmaker was forced to cancel the Manchester dates of her Guts world tour back in May after the £350million Co-op Arena postponed its opening show for the third time
Yet the statement was not well received by fans as they took to the comments to share their outrage. 
They wrote: 'lollll what i literally just sent the email asking to refund';
'got mine refunded 2 days ago and now you do this! Now I have no tickets because you took 5 months to do something and thought it would never be rescheduled!';
'not me applying for a refund LASTNIGHT because Olivia claimed her tour had come to and end and we’d heard NOTHING from yourself or ticketmaster. what a joke';
'about time @cooplive what about all the interest that’s been earned off the money that paid for tickets for a concert that didn’t happen and people have waited months for information… who’s benefitted from that?';
'Literally got my tickets refunded last week after you said there was no update'; 'After I’ve refunded my tickets'; 'IVE REFUNDED MY TICKETS NO.'
Others were appalled my the length of time they had to wait as they fumed: 'Took u long enough mate x'; '5 months later and not even an apology for the delay';
'Because we’ve already waited 6months. What’s another few days'; 'Any suggestions fans which month it might be';
Both Olivia's show's on the Friday and Saturday in the city were axed, and the venue has now revealed details on the rescheduled dates will be announced next week
Yet the statement was not well received by fans as they took to the comments to share their outrage
Others were appalled my the length of time they had to wait as they fumed: 'Took u long enough mate x'; '5 months later and not even an apology for the delay'
Fans also questioned whether more tickets will be added for the shows after fans proved unlucky in securing tickets the first time round
'I wonder if you'll remember that you said you were working on compensation for those of us who lost £100s from travel and hotel expenses??' 
Fans also questioned whether more tickets will be added for the shows after fans proved unlucky in securing tickets the first time round. 
They asked: 'Will there be more tickets added?'; 'I hope there’s extra tickets'; 'is there gonna be a new sale with the new dates ?'
MailOnline have contacted Olivia's representatives for comment. 
Olivia previously said she was 'sooooo disappointed' and 'so bummed' to postpone the Manchester shows after slated the venues 'poor management' of the arena opening.
They said they had to cancel the show after a piece of ventilation equipment 'separated from the ductwork' in what it blamed on a 'factory defect' related to the piece of kit. 
In a statement on Instagram, Olivia Rodrigo said: 'Hello! I've been having such a great time in Europe so far and I'm sooooo disappointed that we're unable to perform in Manchester due to on-going venue-related technical issues.
'We're doing our best to schedule the show. You can hold onto your tickets for further info or request a refund at your point of purchase. More info will be sent directly to ticket holders.
'I'm so bummed and I really hope to see you all soon.'
Olivia previously said she was 'sooooo disappointed' and 'so bummed' to postpone the Manchester shows after slated the venues 'poor management' of the arena opening 
Hysterical fans took to social media to lash out at bosses for failing to get the arena ready for the third time after previously postponing other opening shows.
Olivia fan Lee Middleton, who had tickets for Saturday's show, told MailOnline: 'I cannot believe millions of pounds have been spent on this venue and a bit of an air conditioning unit falls off.'
'I was so looking forward to it. I never go out at night and this was a big thing for me to do,' said TikToker Chelsea Salt in a video she posted after the Olivia news broke.
'We spent so much time planning, talking about it, booking hotels, booking surprises, I booked my make-up online to get done, I bought matching bracelets, spent time talking about outfits.
'I'm just absolutely gutted. It's just such a shame and they've let so many people down.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group