The Women's 100 metre Olympic champion Julien Alfred.
In one of his first moves since his victory in the US election, President-elect Donald Trump has named his 2024 campaign manager, Susie Wiles, as his chief of staff in the White House. She will make history as the first woman to hold the title. But what do we know about the woman Trump referred to as the "ice maiden"? Kylie Pentelow was joined by Anne McElvoy, Executive Editor at Politico and host of the Power Play podcast to discuss.
The Women's 100 metre Olympic champion Julien Alfred joined Clare McDonnell in the studio. Her gold medal in Paris was the first time St Lucia had won an Olympic medal. She discusses what it took to become a champion and also having a national day named after her.
A Woman's Hour listener is fed up with the phrase 'Dear Sirs'. Ellie Rees is the co-founder of Brickworks Estate Agency and despite her team being all female, they are often addressed in this way. Clare was joined by Ellie and by Susie Dent, the author and lexicographer to discuss this.
Do you have a first date red-flag question? What would be an absolute sure-fire, definite no-no answer which would tell you there is definitely going to be no second date? Olivia Rodrigo, the American singer-songwriter and actor, is quoted as saying that if her date wants to go to space, that is a red flag for her. Krupa Padhy spoke to Helen Coffey, senior journalist at the Independent who's written her take on questions she would ask, and Poppy Jay, director and podcaster most famously on Brown Girls Do It Too and now the spin-off Big Boy Energy.
Irina Janakievska is a food writer and recipe developer. Born in what is now North Macedonia, she left her career in corporate law to follow her passion for sharing her love of Balkan cuisine. In her new cookery book, The Balkan Kitchen, she takes us on a culinary and cultural journey across the former Yugoslavia with recipes that speak for the vast and varied cuisine of a region overshadowed by conflict in recent years – from North Macedonia to Serbia, Montenegro, Croatia and Kosovo.
Presenter: Kylie PentelowProducer: Annette WellsEditor: Rebecca Myatt

                                    Available now
                            

57 minutes
            


            See all episodes from Woman's Hour
        

Get all the pictures, videos, behind the scenes and more from Woman’s Hour

Women's voices and women's lives - topical conversations to inform, challenge and inspire.