News | Apr 19, 2024 
jlaconte@vaildaily.com
Last year, on Record Store Day, Tom Robbins with Eagle Valley Music and Comics in Minturn received 25 copies of Taylor Swift’s “Folklore: The Long Pond Studio Sessions,” and sold them for $40 apiece.
The album is now considered the most in-demand record in Colorado, and on April 16, a copy sold for $630 on eBay.
Record Store Day 2024 takes place on Saturday, and once again Robbins says there will be some rare finds that are sure to increase in value. He expects albums from Jerry Garcia, the Grateful Dead and Talking Heads will be expectably popular.
Record Store Day bills itself as “the global celebration of the culture of the record store,” and is an annual event in which independent record stores around the country are given access to limited-edition records for sale in their shops.
In Colorado, a total of 29 record stores plan to participate in Record Store Day 2024, but very few of them are on the Western Slope. Two record shops in Summit County are participating — Libby’s Old School Records in Frisco and Affordable Music in Dillon. Triple Play Records in Grand Junction will celebrate Record Store Day, as well.
Record Store Day was expanded for 2024, with roughly 450 titles available, up from approximately 300 last year.
Those titles arrive in different shipments and Robbins says he’s trying to get as many of them as he can, but the expanded offering for 2024 has created a lot of extra work for him.
“The first order that came took me three days to get through, it had 500 pieces in it,” Robbins said.
Robbins says he’s trying to get as many copies as he can of the albums that he thinks will be popular in the area. He was able to get 12 copies of Talking Heads “Live on Tour” and 10 copies of Grateful Dead “Nightfall of Diamonds.”
Eagle Valley Music and Comics is scheduled to open at 11 a.m., and Robbins will allow five people in the shop at a time. Everyone who enters the shop will be required to use hand sanitizer upon entering.
“The first person in line gets first dibs on everything we have,” Robbins said.
Join the 17,000 readers who get the news from us daily.
Sign up for daily or weekly newsletters at VailDaily.com/newsletter
Robbins said on some Record Store Day events in the past, a line has started forming as early as 5 a.m.
People can purchase as many records as they want, but they will only be allowed one copy of each title. Robbins will not put any items on reserve.
Swag like Record Store Day posters, magazines and stickers and buttons will be given out to each customer, but the popular Record Store Day tote bags won’t be available this year.

May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 1, 2025


May 1, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 30, 2025


May 1, 2025


Apr 28, 2025


May 1, 2025


May 1, 2025


Fleet Care Technician $25.50hr to $35.97hr • Full Time / Year Round • Free Medical, dental & vision • 10%…


Appointment Scheduler Avon, CO Job Type Full-time Description About the Steadman Clinic: Join The Steadman Clinic Team and embark on…


Now Hiring: Insurance Sales & Agency Support Rep . Do you love working in a positive, energetic environment where you…


Advocate Position Summary: Under the direction of Bright Future Foundation’s Advocacy and Housing Supervisor, the Advocate will support the mission…


Ski/Bike Shop Sales Associates & Service Mechanics and Technicians - Full-time or Part-time - Limited housing available - Health Insurance/Ski…


Bilingual Information Service Representative $21.78/hr 29.41/hr Full Time / Year Round Free Medical, dental & vision 10% Retirement Match Four…


Insurance Specialist Avon, CO Job Type Full-time Description About the Steadman Clinic Join The Steadman Clinic Team and embark on…


Company: GH Sands Construction Job Title: Superintendent Location: Eagle County, Colorado Job Start: ASAP Job Type: Full-Time, Year Round, In…


Job Title: Towing Operator - West Vail Shell Company: West Vail Shell Towing Services Location: West Vail, Colorado About Us:…


IT'S TIME TO BEGIN YOUR STORY WITH FOUR SEASONS VAIL Current Openings: Lead Host, Host, Lead Concierge, Guest Experience Specialist,…


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025


May 2, 2025

Sign up for daily and breaking news headlines.
Manage Subscriptions

May 1, 2025

Kentucky Derby Parties The 151st Kentucky Derby is set for Saturday at 4:57 p.m. and here are a few places you can go for watch parties: Lookout Bar at Westin Riverfront in Avon Celebrate the Kentucky...

Apr 17, 2025

Easter events in the Vail Valley Church services An Easter tradition that’s been going on for over 30 years is the Vail Mountain Easter Sunrise Service bright and early on Sunday morning. This takes place...

Apr 10, 2025

Après Madness Championship Party at Avanti F&B The NCAA College Basketball Tournament may have crowned a champion on Monday, but Friday is when you can congratulate this year’s winner of Vail’s own form of competition:...

Apr 3, 2025

Après at The Amp For its third year in a row, the Gerald R. Ford Amphitheater has proven that it’s not just a summer venue. Each April a huge crowd comes out – rain, snow,...

Mar 27, 2025

Mania: The ABBA Tribute ABBA, the Swedish pop band that took the world by storm in the 1970s and early 1980s with its hits “Waterloo,” “Take a Chance on Me” and “Dancing Queen,” will virtually...

Jobs


Classifieds


Autos


Real Estate


Rentals


Service Directory


Pets


Merchandise


Legals


Place Legal Ad


Search Legal Ads


Farm & Ranch


Recreation


Announcements


Contact Us


Become a Carrier


Submissions


Advertise


Submit an Obituary


Commercial Print Sales


RSS


Magazines


Vail Daily E-Edition


Daily Weekly E-Edition


Eagle Valley E-Edition


Newsletters


Cookie List


Do not sell my personal information


Events in Vail today and tomorrow


Events in Vail this week


Events in Vail within two weeks


Aspen-Snowmass


Breckenridge-Summit County


Craig-Moffat County


Glenwood Springs-Rifle


Park City-Utah


Steamboat Springs-Routt County


Winter Park-Granby-Grand County


Printing Press Jobs

©2005 - 2025 Swift Communications, Inc.