Peter Kay has been forced to cancel a massive Manchester gig, leaving fans disappointed with less than a day's notice. The beloved comedian was set to perform at the Co-op Live Arena tomorrow night, but the event organisers have confirmed that the show will not go on.
Additionally, his second scheduled performance at the venue on Wednesday has also been scrapped.
Supporters of the comic are understandably deflated by the sudden change, though they won't have to wait too long to catch him live. The cancellation is due to a power supply issue at the new arena, which has led Peter to express his regret: "I'm truly gutted as I know how disappointing this will be for everyone with tickets, but obviously it's a brand-new venue and it's important that everything is finished and safe for full capacity audiences."
He light-heartedly added: "Fortunately, we've been able to reschedule the shows to next week, (I'll have to miss my Bums and Tums class) but hopefully I'll see you then."
The Co-op Live Arena, which recently hosted a test event featuring Rick Astley, has faced complications that require more time before its official launch, reports the Mirror.
A spokesperson for the arena explained the situation: "Following our first test event on Saturday, regretfully we have made the difficult decision to reschedule our two opening performances by Peter Kay. These dates will move from 23 April and 24 Wednesday to Monday 29 and Tuesday 30 April.
"It is critical to ensure we have a consistent total power supply to our fully electric sustainable venue, the completion of which is a few days behind. Rescheduling gives us the extra time we need to continue testing thoroughly. This is vital to satisfy the rigorous set of guidelines and protocols that are necessary for a venue of this size.
Get the latest news sent straight to your messages by joining our WhatsApp community today.
You'll receive daily updates on breaking news as well as the top headlines across Scotland.
No one will be able to see who is signed up and no one can send messages except the Daily Record team.
All you have to do is click here if you're on mobile, select 'Join Community' and you're in!
If you're on a desktop, simply scan the QR code above with your phone and click 'Join Community'.
We also treat our community members to special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners. If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like.
To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose 'exit group'.
If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
"Peter Kay has very graciously agreed to perform his record-breaking comedy at Co-op Live on 29 (rescheduled from 23) and 30 (rescheduled from 24) April 2024. All tickets remain valid and ticket holders will be contacted by their point of purchase. Refunds will be available for those who can no longer attend.
"We are very sorry for the inconvenience that this change will undoubtedly cause for some. We are thrilled to welcome Peter Kay as our grand opening act just a few days later than planned."
This shift comes in the wake of difficulties with power at the site, believed to have affected the fire safety and emergency services communication systems. These issues prompted management to reduce attendance from roughly 11,000 to 4,000 at a Saturday night test event - announced less than two hours before the start time.
Insider sources claimed 'everything was run down to the wire' in anticipation of the test show.
Among the other stars set to take the stage are Olivia Rodrigo, Take That, Eric Clapton and Liam Gallagher.
The arena is located in the heart of the Ethiad Campus, adjacent to the Manchester City stadium, with Harry Styles reportedly making a small investment in the development.
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.