Fans will love these themed presents inspired by "SOUR" and "GUTS."
We've been independently researching and testing products for over 120 years. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more about our review process.
It’s no secret that Olivia Rodrigo fans totally love her guts. And naturally, any Livie would be thrilled to receive a pair of concert tickets to see O.R. IRL and grab some GUTS merch to wear. But when that's out of your price range, you can get some of the best gifts for Olivia Rodrigo fans in a snap.  
We’ve rounded up tons of Olivia Rodrigo-inspired gifts, from nods to her latest album to some of her favorite things that Livies will also want to get their hands on. We've got products that are wrapped in her favorite light purple color, links to the clothes she actually wears and inexpensive little gifts that are just for fun.  And if you're still looking for merch, we have that, too.
So, just when you thought shopping for a Livie would be brutal, we've got your back with everything you'll need to make your best friend, your 16-year-old daughter, favorite Gen-Zer and all of the other the Olivia Rodrigo fans in your life a little bit happier.  
Looking for more great ideas? Check out our top gift guides:
Gifts for Sisters | Most Popular Gifts of 2024 | Taylor Swift Gifts That Will Never Go "Out of Style"
It's not the exact one from her tour, but if they want to feel like they were there, this shirt is the next best thing. Available in different patterns and colors, it can be worn as a nightshirt or oversized t-shirt. 
When in doubt, go with stickers. Especially this pack, which has 50 of them. Each one is an ode to the singer, and can be put on laptops, notebooks, phones, you name it. 
Brass rings with an adjustable fit that spell out "GUTS" are just what any GUTS concert-goer needs to take their outfit to the next level. Even after the concert, they can wear the rings as a reminder of their experience or anytime they stream the album.
Their Stanley Cup just got a whole lot more edgy. This seven-piece set features iconic symbols from the singer, including her initials, butterflies and song lyrics. 
RELATED: Trendy Gifts That Tween Girls Actually Want
Even if they're into the no-makeup, makeup look, they'll still need a place to keep all of their essentials. This soft canvas bag, which is adorned with the O.R. logo and butterflies, hearts, flowers and candies, similar to the stickers Olivia Rodrigo wears on her face on the SOUR album cover, is the perfect compact size to sit on their vanity or to fit in a suitcase when they travel. 
Obviously, they already love her music, but these special collab ear buds will take their listening to a new level. The two-toned violet ear buds are noise-canceling, and are designed with a special sound equalizer feature, tuned by Olivia and her producer, to reportedly improve sound quality specifically for both SOUR and GUTS albums.
If they already have tickets to the GUTS tour, they'll love this candle that doubles as room decor. It comes in five scents (Clean Cotton, Sea Salt + Orchid, White Sage + Lavender, Apple Harvest and Cinnamon Vanilla), and boasts a burn time of 50 to 60 hours. 
Test their fan knowledge with this book that details Olivia Rodrigo's rise to fame with anecdotes from her collaborators, photos from her concerts and red carpet appearances as well as quotes. 
So this isn't the exact Olivia Rodrigo X Castify collaboration case (that's sold out), but it's pretty close. It features the singer's favorite color and butterflies, which Liv has said she loves for the symbolism of "transformation", and because they're pretty, so it checks all the boxes.
Fans noticed quickly that Olivia uses custom guitar picks when she's up on stage. Although these aren't them, they are pretty close as they are purple and also feature butterflies. 
The Adidas Samba is definitely the hottest shoe out right now. But if the Livie in your life needed any more convincing, Olivia was seen rocking a pair in New York City this April.
RELATED: Best Sneakers for Women 
As the first celebrity ambassador for Glossier, Olivia Rodrigo has not shied away from sharing her love for their products. "I love an Ultralip," she said in a recent get ready with me video. "I have them in like every shade." Trust us, the Livie on your list will want these high-sheen, buildable color balms in every shade, too. 
If they aren't already on the Stanley bandwagon, a little influence from O Rod can't hurt. This tumbler, in Olivia's signature color, will be the perfect bottle to help them increase their water, or craft soda, intake.
RELATED: Best Stanley Cup Accessories on Amazon
Practically everyone has a record player these days. And, of course, a limited edition signed print of GUTS needs to find its way into their collection. If they don't have one, you can get one on the cheap at Amazon.
Affordable and versatile, this "Sour" long sleeve shirt can be worn far beyond tour dates. Plus, they can pair it with jeans or a mini skirt for an extra nod to Liv. 
If you're shopping for a tween or teen in particular, you can't go wrong with a neon sign. Even more so, when it's made to look like the Olivia Rodrigo butterfly logo. 
One thing Olivia Rodrigo needs to get comfy before bed? A weighted blanket. "Every time I get into bed at a hotel, and I'm like 'something's not right,' it's because I'm missing this," she said in a recent interview. This knitted throw, which is 12 pounds, will help to provide comfort and improve the sleep for the Livie in your life. For the exact one Liv uses, we're pretty sure it's the Bearby Napper. 
RELATED: Best Weighted Blankets for Calming Comfort
Livies who are looking to expand their creative thinking will love this book that Olivia Rodrigo says she recommends to everyone. "I read this for the first time when I was making Sour," she said in a recent interview. "I actually don't think the album would've turned out the way it did had I not read this book. It was so instrumental in my creative journey."
Livies are known for sporting Y2k accessories, and beaded friendship bracelets are no exception. Give them the gift of crafting their own with this kit that features over 5,000 beads, with numbers, letters and 18 color options, though they may be partial to purple. 
Sure, the tour is already underway, but snagging them a ticket to a show this summer would be the ultimate gift. They are hard to come by, so if you find seats, snatch 'em up! 
Cameron (she/her) is a staff writer for Good Housekeeping, where she covers everything from holidays to food. She is a graduate of Syracuse University, where she received a B.A. in magazine journalism. In her spare-time she can be found scrolling TikTok for the latest cleaning hacks and restaurant openings, binge-watching seasons of Project Runway or online shopping.
The Ultimate Gift Guide for Law School Grads
Cool Gifts to Impress Your 8th Grade Grad
The Coolest 'Star Wars' Gifts for Fans of All Ages
The Ultimate Gift Guide for Car Enthusiasts
Creative High School Graduation Gift Ideas
The Cutest Easter Squishmallows Are Here
The Best Custom Grad Gifts and Decor From Walmart
40 Thoughtful Gifts for Mom 
The Best Gifts for Women
Gifts Under $10 That Feel Special
The Best Gifts for Crafters in 2025
Gifts for 17-Year-Olds
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
Good Housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.