Viterbi students found ways to explore engineering and other facets of their lives.
Amid midterm season is National Engineers’ Week, a week dedicated to the achievements of engineers. Last week, the Viterbi Klein Institute for Undergraduate Engineering Life hosted events for Viterbi students, including a start-up career fair, an engineering carnival, an engineering Olympics and a talent show where students showed off their talents in areas outside of engineering.
The talent show, which took place on Wednesday, has been a staple at USC since the inauguration of National Engineers’ Week in 2008. It’s usually a highlight of the week, according to KIUEL president Devin Martin.
“The talent show gives students a way for them to come in and show off their skills beyond just programming, beyond just robotics, beyond just building the next spaceship,” said Martin, a senior majoring in computer science and business administration. “We want them to be able to show their diverse talents to the engineering community. We also are using it as a way to bring the engineering community together.”
Life for many engineering students is very solitary, Martin said. Students might spend all day alone behind a computer coding or in a lab observing chemical reactions. Martin said many Viterbi classes don’t involve as much collaboration as other schools do. 
Events like these aim to bring the various kinds of engineers together and create a community, said Christina Stone, the event & programming chair of KIUEL and a senior majoring in chemical engineering. The goal is to create a larger and more inclusive community of all engineering students and to get people out of their bubbles.
“Engineering, as a major, is generally pretty stressful,” said Michael Qi, a sophomore majoring in electrical and computer engineering. “Events like this, you get this energy, it gives a chance to get away from the books, get away from my computer; just chill and have fun.”
Tommy’s Place hosted the talent show, with low lights and all eyes on the colorfully lit-up stage. The audience saw various musical performances and a stand-up comic. 
Another set of performers, and one of the talent show’s partners, was the Musicians’ Club at USC. The club, composed mostly of engineering students, encourages them to explore their passion for music, Martin said. For the event, the Musicians’ Club performed a setlist meant to convey the life of an engineering student with songs like Olivia Rodrigo’s “brutal” and Bon Jovi’s “Livin’ on a Prayer.”
Rohan Gupta, a senior majoring in computer science and treasurer of the Musicians’ Club, said the club started as a way to let non-Thornton students explore music as a hobby and a way to create community among beginners. Martin reached out to Gupta about the opportunity to play before the talent show started to serve as an opening act.
“It’s great to have something that allows me to be more than just a Viterbi student at USC,” Gupta said. “And just be more well rounded in the sense I get to explore everything that I want to explore. Whether that’s an academic focus, like it is within Viterbi, or a passion outside of it, like music.”
After securing a budget and event list, Stone said the organizing committee faced a difficulty in how much the week’s events rely on outside partners and vendors. 
“It took a lot of persistence, making sure that everything ran smoothly,” Stone said. “Things don’t always go according to plans, and [we were] just dealing with those hiccups along the way. It was kind of bumpy here and there … We were able to rally and get it all done.”
KIUEL also hosted a start-up career fair on Wednesday that invited more than 20 alumni who have founded start-ups looking to recruit students for internships and full-time roles. On Friday, there was a L’Oréal “Brandstorm Demo Day,” in which students competed to place in the international competition and get a three-month internship with L’Oréal in Paris.
The group held the Engineering Olympics inspired by MIT and Caltech on Saturday, in which students competed in bridge-building and speed-coding, among other challenges. Martin said he hopes KIUEL accomplished its goal of bringing students together.
“Celebrate yourself; you made it to USC Viterbi,” Martin said. “Know that USC Viterbi is not just a place for school, but a place for fun, for connection, for building your network, and for making lifelong friends and memories. That’s what we’re hoping to accomplish with these events. We’ve been able to do that for the past 20-plus years, and we’re hoping to continue on the legacy here.”
We are the only independent newspaper here at USC, run at every level by students. That means we aren’t tied down by any other interests but those of readers like you: the students, faculty, staff and South Central residents that together make up the USC community.
Independence is a double-edged sword: We have a unique lens into the University’s actions and policies, and can hold powerful figures accountable when others cannot. But that also means our budget is severely limited. We’re already spread thin as we compensate the writers, photographers, artists, designers and editors whose incredible work you see in our daily paper; as we work to revamp and expand our digital presence, we now have additional staff making podcasts, videos, webpages, our first ever magazine and social media content, who are at risk of being unable to receive the support they deserve.
We are therefore indebted to readers like you, who, by supporting us, help keep our paper daily (we are the only remaining college paper on the West Coast that prints every single weekday), independent, free and widely accessible.
Please consider supporting us. Even $1 goes a long way in supporting our work; if you are able, you can also support us with monthly, or even annual, donations. Thank you.
Career Fair Guide April 2025
Housing Guide 2025
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We may request cookies to be set on your device. We use cookies to let us know when you visit our websites, how you interact with us, to enrich your user experience, and to customize your relationship with our website. 
Click on the different category headings to find out more. You can also change some of your preferences. Note that blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience on our websites and the services we are able to offer.
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our website and to use some of its features.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the website, refusing them will have impact how our site functions. You always can block or delete cookies by changing your browser settings and force blocking all cookies on this website. But this will always prompt you to accept/refuse cookies when revisiting our site.
We fully respect if you want to refuse cookies but to avoid asking you again and again kindly allow us to store a cookie for that. You are free to opt out any time or opt in for other cookies to get a better experience. If you refuse cookies we will remove all set cookies in our domain.
We provide you with a list of stored cookies on your computer in our domain so you can check what we stored. Due to security reasons we are not able to show or modify cookies from other domains. You can check these in your browser security settings.
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our website is being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customize our website and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
If you do not want that we track your visit to our site you can disable tracking in your browser here:
We also use different external services like Google Webfonts, Google Maps, and external Video providers. Since these providers may collect personal data like your IP address we allow you to block them here. Please be aware that this might heavily reduce the functionality and appearance of our site. Changes will take effect once you reload the page.
Google Webfont Settings:
Google Map Settings:
Google reCaptcha Settings:
Vimeo and Youtube video embeds:
The following cookies are also needed - You can choose if you want to allow them: