If you've been scrolling on Instagram or TikTok at any point this year, there's a very good chance you'll have come across the Stanley cup craze.
These drinking vessels have gone viral over the past few months, and it's easy to see why. The large cups are a great way to boost your water intake, plus they have a nifty handle so you can carry them around wherever you go.
The sealable lid and detachable straw also makes them a lot more fun to drink out of, compared to a normal cup. But if you've been put off by the price of the real deal, don't fret - Lidl is launching a much more affordable alternative this weekend, and it costs less than £10.
READ MORE: Radley's compact cross body bag will keep your passport and purse safe while you travel
The budget supermarket has unveiled the Décor XL Travel Tumbler, as the perfect budget alternative to the wildly popular Stanley cups, priced at just £9.99 and dropping in stores nationwide on Sunday, July 28.
This must-have item is a quarter of the price of the cult product, as the real deal is priced at £43 - meaning you can save £30 by opting for the Lidl alternative.
It's sure to keep everyone's thirst quenched this summer, providing shoppers with 880ml of cool hydration, in a familiarly shaped, stylish tumbler complete with a handle and detachable stainless steel straw.
Shoppers can enjoy their favourite cold beverage at a quarter of the cost of its pricy lookalike. The tumbler comes in four summer shades, from a classic black, to a summery mint green, as well as a tranquil aqua and lavish lilac - there's truly something to suit every taste.
The lilac colourway is also said to be the perfect 'dupe' for Olivia Rodrigo's sold-out edition of the Stanley cup - so any fans who missed out on picking one up will want to head to Lidl this weekend to get their hands on the budget-friendly offering.
The Décor XL Travel Tumbler launches in four limited-edition summer shades to stores nationwide on Sunday July 28 and is available while stocks last.
If you want ideas and inspiration to plan your next UK adventure plus selected offers and competitions, sign up for our 2Chill weekly newsletter here
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.