If you purchase an independently reviewed product or service through a link on our website, Variety may receive an affiliate commission.

Dr. Marten‘s luxury, thick-soled boots have had quite an evolution since their original founding as workwear shoes in 1940s Germany. By the 1960s, they became a staple of the punk rock scene, becoming a sartorial symbol of the counterculture before hitting the mainstream.

	Their popularity was first helped by bold-faced names such as The Who’s Pete Townshend trendsetting them onto the catwalks. Now, it’s nearly impossible to walk outside without seeing Dr. Martens out in the wild, with everyone from Tyler the Creator and Bella Hadid to Olivia Rodrigo and Dua Lipa boasting the versatile shoes as wardrobe staples. Best of all, many of their best styles are on sale for Black Friday — just in time for seasonal closet switch-outs and holiday gifting.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					State of the Video Game Industry: A Special Report		
			














	
		
					Disney Hack: Man Pleads Guilty to Stealing 1.1 Terabytes of Data Over Slack		
			








	Below, shop through some of the best Dr. Marten Black Friday deals to buy today:

		The latest update to Dr. Marten’s classic platform shoes have grown to become one of the most popular styles from the brand. Constructed out of their signature smooth leather and featuring a yellow-stitched Quad platform sole for extra height, they look just as stylish polished or scruffed — with a wide, rounded toe for walkable comfort.	

		Oxford shoes are great because they can be dressed up or down, and these bestselling ones from Dr. Marten are sure to last years (I know because I’ve owned by own pair for nearly 5 years). The 3-eye shoe was made specifically for women’s feet, crafted with Dr. Marten’s grooved edges, yellow stitching and lightly textured smooth leather. Plus, they’re down to an unbeatable $105 for Black Friday. 	

		These unique Amaayah Lo Leather Boots are proof that Dr. Marten can perfect newer styles such as well as their most classic designs. Boasting a unique square-toe silhouette and elevated on their Bex Squad sole, they’ll pair just as well with lightwash jeans as a dress and tights.	

		The Ambassador Leather Ankle Boots feature the brand’s iconic 1460 silhouette, minnus two eyelets. The updated edition is made out of Ambassador leather, and marked by their signature yellow welt stitching.  Plus, sitting on the lower on the ankle, the boots stand on a robust, air-cushioned sole and are finished with an AirWair heel loop.	

		Show off your personality with these one-of-a-kind Mary Janes, designed with a classic floral pattern — a collison of decayed roses atop Classic Nappa leather.	
The Business of Entertainment