By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, StyleCaster may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
Olivia Rodrigo is one of the most talked about artists right now. With no. 1 hits for songs like Good 4 U and Vampire, she has cemented herself as one of the biggest rising stars of her generation, in my humble opinion.
If you are anything like me, you have loved her since her Bizaardvark and High School Musical: The Musical: The Series (HSMTMTS) days. There was nothing more exhilarating than waiting for a new episode of HSMTMTS to air on Fridays after school to see what was happening with Nini.

 








Related Stories This Firming Butt & Thigh Cream Makes Skin ‘Feel Tighter’ With Dedicated Use The Only ‘Ready-to-Wear’ Wig Brand Worth Your Time & Money 
Her pop rock girl aesthetic has set her apart from her competition and has made her name spread like wildfire. Olivia has given us sad girl ballads in SOUR and angry unapologetic women in GUTS. She has been candid about what it’s like to be a teenager and transitioning into the growing pains of being in your 20s. 
She’s one of the coolest girls in the industry right now, not only with music, but with her rare archive fashion pulls she casually wears out to dinner or to her Fund 4 Good foundation supporting reproductive rights. Olivia is clearly someone to reckon with and is following in the footsteps of other Disney artists like Selena Gomez and Miley Cyrus. 
Her GUTS tour kicked off the end of February, and if you were literally blessed by some godlike entity and managed to secure tickets, you may be wondering what exactly to wear to celebrate the night. While these are all valid questions, do not fret. This is what I am here for—to help inspire your perfect GUTS outfit.
This grunge lacy dress is the perfect black dress to be the “Smart Sexy Lacy” in the room. If black isn’t your vibe, then you can opt for the white version. 
As every Olivia Rodrigo fan knows, Dr. Martens are her staple. These boots will enhance any look and confirm to every Livies in the room you know your stuff. 
This natural stone necklace is so versatile and can be worn for any occasion–especially a concert.
Black Eyeliner is such an essential in everyone’s makeup bag, so if you haven’t got one, I recommend this vegan, cruelty free and smudge-resistant eyeliner. Here is some makeup inspo to go with it.
 As you scream “love’s embarrassing as hell” you better be looking good doing it—make them regret losing you. This top comes in 7 different colors, so play around and create your own unique look.

 









I am a big leather jacket girl and think it does nothing besides amplify your outfit.
Investing in a miniskirt is the best thing you could do for yourself when going out. Whether it’s a concert for Olivia or hanging with your friends, this will be your best friend. 
If you don’t own tights… I would say you’re late to the game. Olivia’s whole tour is filled with different styles adorned with bows, stars and even butterflies. These Free People’s tights will make you fit right in and look so cool while doing it.
These high rise boots are to die for. I mean how could you not get them? They are a signature piece you should own in your closet. Olivia and you can match while you dance till you drop.
This makeup inspo is a blush heavy look. It will be subtle enough but chic for such a striking look.
This Wolf and Badger necklace is chunky and adorable, and will go with any of these outfits. 

 









This top is a two and one kind of deal; the outfit will reach its full potential if you buy the red bra below.  You’ll match with Olivia and rock out to get him back!
This red bra is honestly just so hot. It’ll for sure make him feel “really jealous” and you’ll “make him feel bad” with any and all posts on your Instagram story.
I feel like the inspo I am going for here is clear by now—recreate her on-stage look! This skirt is so iconic for GUTS and every outfit Olivia has on stage. Glitter and flair is so fun!
Whether you’re in the pit or in the nosebleeds, these red boots will make you stand out. They are so flexible and work with so many outfits.
The makeup inspo for this outfit is GLITTER. Whether it’s purple for SOUR or Silver for GUTS, the glitter will make your eyes pop.
Olivia brought back the grunge girl look with chipped, colored nails but I don’t cares—that’s the inspo for these nails.
 









This look is a bit more fun!  A burgundy base and little white hearts are so cute, it has to be a crime.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.