Manage your account
While Olivia Rodrigo is getting slammed by fans and media outlets for handing out Plan B and condoms, new claims are revealing it was not the singer's idea.
At the 'Vampire' artist's recent St. Louis concert, her fan base received birth control options after Missouri announced a ban on all abortions except to save the life of the pregnant person.
Photos shared to X, the social media platform formerly known as Twitter, show the hand-outs Rodrigo's fans received at the show.
“Free plan b at @oliviarodrigo in St. Louis tonight,” the caption on the photo said.
The distribution came after Missouri “began enforcing its trigger ban, which bans all abortions except to save the life of the pregnant person," according to the Center for Reproductive Rights. This comes "following the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision to overturn Roe v. Wade in the case Dobbs v. Jackson Women’s Health Organization," something Rodrigo has spoken out about on numerous occasions.
The Missouri Abortion Fund is now claiming that while the 'Good 4 U' artist invited the organizers to set up spaces in her concert arenas, it was not her choice to hand out the birth control options.
"It was our decision to pass out EC," the Missouri Abortion Fund told Rolling Stone.
Robin Frisella, Missouri Abortion Fund's Community Engagement Director, says, "While we are disappointed to learn that other abortion funds will not get the same opportunity to do the same, we are encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive response."
Adding, "We can't speak to why this decision was made, but we hope this conversation highlights the work being done by abortion funds every day in states across the country. We stand by our decision to hand out EC and will be increasing our efforts to provide this to our community."
Despite some slamming the 'Good 4 U' singer, others rallied behind her, thanking her for the distribution.
One Olivia Rodrigo fan praised the singer, “Pro-choice queen! We love her for that," as another expressed, “Making sure people have the choice to not be a mother. Oh, that’s mother right there.”
Another chimed in by saying, “OMG this is such a sweet gesture from Olivia and her team," as one X user said, "We love seeing a celebrity who is actually dedicated to their cause and who doesn’t just repost stuff."
Others, however, did not agree with the recent handouts at Rodrigo's concert.
Republican Missouri state senator Bill Eigel posted on X, claiming that the 'Vampire' singer should be “ashamed” for handing out an “abortifacient."
"As the father of a daughter, I am horrified by this," Eigel wrote in a post, "Olivia Rodrigo passed out an abortifacient at her concert in St. Louis last night. This was sponsored by the Missouri Abortion Fund. Many of her fans are CHILDREN."
It should be noted that the morning-after pills handed out at Rodrigo's concert do not end pregnancy, but they prevent it. Per the NHS website, “Emergency contraception can stop you getting pregnant after unprotected sex… You need to use emergency contraception within 3 to 5 days of having unprotected sex.”
Eigel did not stop there as he went on to claim, "Abortion hurts women. Physical damage of course, but also psychological. Women who have had abortions have higher rates of anxiety, mental health problems, substance abuse, and s--cide."
He then tagged the singer, saying she "is actively harming women in Missouri by championing abortion. She should be ashamed."
Olivia Rodrigo has been vocal in advocating for reproductive healthcare, having launched her own non-profit, Fund 4 Good, which “will directly support community-based nonprofits that champion things like girls’ education, support reproductive rights, and prevent gender-based violence.”
A portion of Rodrigo's tour ticket sales will go to abortion funds across the US through her non-profit. Additionally, she has allowed local rights groups to set up booths at venues she performs in.
The Grammy-award-winning pop star, who has partnered with the National Network of Abortion Funds (NNAF) for her latest tour, has yet to comment on the recent controversy.