update
11:00 AM PT -- A source with direct knowledge tells us Chappell Roan yelled at the photographer on Friday because the same person pissed her off at a different event with alleged obnoxious behavior ... and CR remembered.
The photog did offer an apology ... but it's not clear if it was accepted.
We're told it is NOT the same photog who pissed her off in September on the red carpet at the MTV Video Music Awards, as you'll recall.
Chappell Roan can't escape all the drama in her life .... or the paparazzi!!!
On Friday, the singer went off on a photographer while posing for pics on the red carpet at the “Olivia Rodrigo: GUTS World Tour” concert film premiere in Los Angeles.
Chappell Roan confronts a photographer who was disrespectful to her at a Grammys party. pic.twitter.com/phs1SOTRER
Check out the video ... Chappell, wearing a see-through red dress, spots a shutterbug and approaches them, claiming they yelled at her at the UMG Grammy after part back in February.
She said they were disrespectful and rude to her ... and that they owed her an apology.
The photog, who was offscreen, must have pushed back because Chappell then said, “No, no, no, you need to apologize.”
A woman intervened before the confrontation escalated, escorting Chappell away from the photographer in question.
Chappell has been experiencing a lot of negative drama lately ... in September, she got into it with another photographer on the red carpet at the MTV Video Music Awards.
Also in September, Chappell pulled out of the All Things Go festival because she felt overwhelmed.
Shortly before that, she fiercely defended herself for not endorsing either presidential candidate in the upcoming 2024 election.
And, earlier this month, she was performing onstage at Austin City Limits when she suddenly veered off, dedicating a song to "my f****** theater teacher who kicked me out, b****!." She added, "I'm here!"
Take a chill pill, Chappell.
Originally Published -- 5:43 AM PT
Yes! Send me email updates and offers from TMZ and its Affiliates. By subscribing, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use