Our community members are treated to special offers, promotions and adverts from us and our partners. You can check out at any time. More info
Ahead of its opening this spring, Co-op Live has today released the first images of its exclusive VIP Lounge - Decibel Club. Billed as Manchester’s ‘most-decadent’, the members-only space has been developed in partnership with luxury wine and Champagne brand’s Moët Hennessy and Armand de Brignac.
Luxe memberships will be capped at 100, and members will benefit from exclusively held seats in the arena, right next to the stage. Those initiated into the exclusive lounge will also have early access to Co-op Live, will enter through a dedicated VIP entrance an hour before general admission, and will be able to pre-book private booths.
When it opens in April, Co-op Live will be the UK’s biggest entertainment arena. The 23,500-capacity arena backed by music sensation Harry Styles, has already announced a string of concerts and gigs for its opening season including performances from Take That, Olivia Rodrigo, Nicki Minaj and Liam Gallagher, among others.
Try MEN Premium now for FREE... just click here to give it a go
Gary Roden, Executive Director and General Manager of Co-op Live, said: “The launch of The Decibel Club marks yet another breakthrough for the arena as Co-op Live continues to deliver on its commitment to provide the best experience for fans. The club has been developed in partnership with the iconic Moët Hennessy and Armand de Brignac, to truly ensure that members receive the premium experience from the moment they arrive.”
The venue, which was originally set to open in December 2023, will host around 120 events a year, and feature 32 bars, restaurants and lounges, including locally sourced food and drink. Co-op Live, a joint venture between Oak View Group and City Football Group will feature a unique bowl- design state-of-the-art acoustics, and will be one of the most socially responsible arenas in Europe with a target to be net carbon neutral by 2038.
Render images of the Decibel Club released by Co-op Live today show a series of separated seating areas and booths, as well as a large bar area and dancefloor. Also revealed, a red-hued walkway and mirror set-up where people can take pictures before heading into the gig. 
Those behind the venue have promised the ‘ultimate party’ inside the £365m venue, pre-and-post-show, as well as Asian-fusion dining, opulent cocktails, and after-show experiences. And, as part of partnership with the two luxury wine and Champagne brands, the first 40 members of The Decibel Club will receive a personalised alcohol locker which includes one bottle of Hennessy Paradis Cognac 70cl and one magnum of Armand De Brignac ‘Ace of Spades’ Champagne 150cl.
Sam Piccione III, President of Oak View Group International, said: “To bring Moët Hennessy into yet another OVG venue is truly an honour. We have partnered with Moët Hennessy at Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle, Moody Centre in Austin, UBS Arena in New York, and now Co-op Live in Manchester. 
“The strength of the partnership has already offered countless fans a unique premium in-venue experience, and I look forward to celebrating continued success with Armand de Brignac and Hennessy Paradis in the Decibel Club at Co-op Live. Thank you, Moët Hennessy UK, for your vision to be an important part of the best music venue in the UK.
As Manchester gears up for the imminent arrival of Co-op Live, a new Metrolink service has been launched to help ferry football and music fans to and from the city centre. Trams which usually run from Altrincham to Piccadilly will now also continue on to the Etihad stop on some evenings, and all day on Sundays. 
The alterations have been made in order to move Manchester City and Co-op Live fans to the city centre, or onwards to the Trafford town. The new Altrincham-Etihad trams will replace the MediaCityUK-Etihad trams which only run at peak times.