The Spectrum Center as you know it closes in May.
Hornets Sports and Entertainment’s renovation plans for the Spectrum Center will close the arena for consecutive summers ahead of the Charlotte Hornets’ 2025-26 NBA season. HSE will utilize $275 million granted by the city of Charlotte ($215 million for the arena and $60 million for the team practice facility) as well as an undisclosed contribution from the new ownership team to initiate upgrades to the nearly 20-year-old arena. The funding was approved by the city in 2022, which also extended the Hornets’ lease at Spectrum Center through 2045.
The publicly funded arena, opened in 2005 at a cost of $265 million, seats 19,077 fans, ranking 13th out of 29 NBA stadiums. The upgrades include renovations to the concourse, entrances, hospitality and suites, food and beverages, as well as an additional 2,500 lower-level seats.
“We always viewed Spectrum Center as an important community asset that brings people together and has a tremendous economic impact within our city,” HSE Executive Vice President and Spectrum Center General Manager Donna Julian said. “The more people we draw to games and events at the Spectrum Center, the more people that visit uptown, our restaurants, and stay at our hotels, which helps our local businesses and provides part- and full-time employment for thousands.”
Although the renovation dates cater to the NBA’s fall-spring schedule, the amenities and upgrades will boost the experience for all arena events, which Julian detailed Thursday at the unveiling press conference.
“We take our responsibility as stewards of this building very seriously, as we are proud of the wide range of entertainment that we offer, including recent shows by Drake, Dave Chapelle, the Jonas Brothers, the Jumpman Invitational, and, of course, upcoming events WWE’s Friday Night Smackdown, and the first and second rounds of the NCAA Division I Men’s Basketball Championship that we will host in March,” Julian said. “We view the investment in the Spectrum Center as an investment in Charlotte and our community.”
With renovations expected to begin in May – assuming the Hornets don’t make the NBA playoffs – the arena will re-open in September. This cycle will repeat in 2025, with renovations completed in September 2025.
“The guest experience has been top-of-mind throughout every stage of the re-imagining process, with renovations touching nearly every area of the arena” Julian said. “Our goal is to have every guest have a unique, memorable experience during their visit to the Spectrum Center. These transformable upgrades are going to give us a state-of-the-art, world-class venue with something for every guest that walks through our doors.”
A key factor in the re-imagining Spectrum Center includes open-air views of the lower bowl from the concourse, dining areas and suite level.
Julian said inspiration for the arena’s upgrades spanned across several NBA arenas, including State Farm Arena in Atlanta, Gainbridge Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, and Footprint Center in Phoenix – all of which are older than Spectrum Center.
Every seat in the arena will be upgraded, and additional seats in the lower bowl will bring fans closer to the action.
“We will be re-configuring the existing Founders Level in the Summer of 2025 to offer 2,500 new lower-level seats,” she said. “This will allow more fans closer to the action. For basketball events, our (lower level) capacity will increase to approximately 8,500 seats, moving the team from the bottom 10 to the top 10 in the NBA. At the same time, every seat in the building will be replaced to provide increased comfort for all of our fans.”
The renovated suite level will feature fewer individual suites, dropping the number from 54 to 28. There will be five different suite options following renovations, including Mini Suites (up to 12 people), Standard Suites (up to 24), Party Suites (up to 72), Super Suites (up to 76 guests), and Theatre Suites (up to 130 guests).
“Over the next two summers, we will be transforming all of our hospitality spaces. Renovating the fan-level clubs and suite-level clubs,” HSE Chief Revenue Officer Jacob Gallagher said. “Our most exclusive area will remain the Hardwood Club, which we will relocate closer to the arena bowl. We are also introducing our brand-new Courtside Club to complement our existing club. This club has all-inclusive amenities, including the ability for POS sales. Lastly, our largest club is our Inner Circle Club.”
The most notable renovations for the average fan will include upgraded lighting, floors, and signage on the arena concourse, as well as upgraded food and beverage options with a focus on grab-and-go dining. The concourse will be wider, allowing for better foot traffic flow entering and exiting the arena.
While the renovations are catered to arena guests, various back-of-house upgrades will take place. These renovations include upgraded sound systems, building system improvements (HVAC, electrical, plumbing and security), upgraded dressing rooms and production areas, additional flex space for events, increased storage and staging space, upgraded kitchen and prep space, and accessibility and sensory inclusion improvements.
Based on a recent study, the Hornets have the ninth-cheapest ticket in the NBA, at an average of approximately $169. While you can buy an upper-level ticket for less than $20 with regularity, the state of the Hornets’ franchise plays a factor, with eight wins in 35 games and an injury-ridden roster.
Charlotte ranked 23rd among 30 NBA teams in attendance for the 2022-23 season with an average of 17,123 and currently ranks last this season with an average of 16,286 fans per home game.
With favorable ticket prices for both individual game purchases and season-ticket holders in mind, Gallagher said the Hornets will withhold pricing updates but estimate a 10-20% increase depending on ticket location.
“We want to sit down with our season ticket holders and explain this to them, the amenities that they will be getting and upgrades to the experience, before sharing pricing,” Gallagher stated. “(Changes) vary on the area, but when you look at the averages, it is anywhere between 10-20%.”
Prior to the arena’s closure in May, the Hornets will host 24 more home games, including the Los Angeles Lakers, Golden State Warriors, Phoenix Suns, Los Angeles Clippers, and Minnesota Timberwolves, among other top teams. Spectrum Center will also host concerts for artists Bad Bunny, Nicki Minaj, Olivia Rodrigo and Tim McGraw, among others.
5118 Princess St. Charlotte, NC 28269
PH:  704 376-0496FX:  704 342-2160
Copyright The Charlotte Post 2025 | Policy and User Agreement | Website by Accrisoft