ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Ariana Grande attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, ... More 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Marleen Moise/Getty Images)
Ariana Grande released her new album Eternal Sunshine on Friday, March 8. The set has been performing well in the days since it dropped, and it looks like it’s headed for a very impressive start on the Billboard charts in a week or so. The pop singer was always bound to score another commercial win with the full-length, but she’s set to benefit immensely from the chaotic release schedule of another artist.
This week was shaping up to be a race for the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200 between Grande and Ye West (formerly known as Kanye) and Ty Dolla $ign. The two hip-hop musicians, who formed a super duo named ¥$, were expected to release their new collaborative album Vultures 2 at the same time as Eternal Sunshine. Their set didn’t arrive as was planned, and while that may have disappointed their fans, the “Yes, And?” singer certainly doesn’t mind.
The fact that Vultures 2 didn’t drop on Friday, as was expected, means that Grande has this week all to herself. She doesn’t need to compete against West and $ign, two of the biggest stars in their genre. Eternal Sunshine is now all but guaranteed to debut at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 when that ranking refreshes in a few days.
Grande may very well have beaten West and $ign anyway, but her success wasn’t a given. The hip-hop pair recently debuted their Vultures 1 album at No. 1 on the Billboard 200. The project is still doing very well, with its single “Carnival” performing better than ever. A second installment could have launched with an even greater sum, thanks to the success of its predecessor–which would have given Grande a run for her money.
At present, there is no release date for Vultures 2. West and $ign announced weeks ago that the album Vultures was not one project, as many expected, but actually a series of three complete full-lengths. They outlined a release schedule, with the first installment coming on February 10, while the second and third were slated for March 8 and April 5, respectively.
Now that Vultures 2 missed its release date, chances are Vultures 3 will also be pushed. West is known for failing to deliver music when he promises, so the fact that the second iteration of the Vultures franchise didn’t appear on time wasn’t shocking. He and $ign may announce new release dates weeks in advance, or they may drop the collection suddenly, as West has tried both plans in the past.