Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
The movie opens on November 22, the same day as Gladiator II.
POPULAR
As we inch closer to Wicked's highly anticipated opening this month, box office predictions continue to come in. As of October 31, the November 22 opening weekend is looking to bring in an impressive $80-$85 million, according to reports at Deadline and The Hollywood Reporter, respectively.
This is up significantly from a previous report of $67M-$74M, which was predicted in mid-October. However, the box office prediction still lags behind Disney's Moana 2, which hits theaters Thanksgiving weekend a week later. That film, a sequel to Disney's 2016 hit, is estimated to bring in a whopping $100+ million over its five-day holiday weekend. A previous report indicated that the film would open with $75M-$82M between Friday and Sunday, though these numbers have yet to be updated. 
Earlier this year, the Mean Girls musical film opened with $28M over the MLK holiday weekend earlier this year. During 2023's holiday season, the movie musical Wonka grossed $43M during its opening weekend. 
Gladiator II, another tentpole film opening on the same day as Wicked, is tracking to earn more than $65 million at the box office. The Ridley Scott-directed movie is a sequel to the 2000 hit starring Russell Crowe. Earlier this year, there was talk of Wicked and Gladiator II following in the footsteps of the "Barbenheimer" phenomenon of 2023, but discussions of this nature seemed to have died down. 
The Wicked film adaptation stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba and Ariana Grande as Glinda. Joining them is Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Ethan Slater as Boq, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard. The first part will be released on November 22, 2024, with Part Two hitting theaters on November 21, 2025.
Walt Disney Animation Studios’ epic animated musical Moana 2 reunites Moana (voice of Cravalho) and Maui (voice of Johnson) three years later for an expansive new voyage alongside a crew of unlikely seafarers. With music by Abigail Barlow and Emily Bear, Moana 2 opens in theaters on November 27, 2024. The first Moana debuted in theaters on Nov. 23, 2016, grossing nearly $644 million in global box office.
Inside a one-room apartment on the outskirts of Seoul, Oliver lives a happily quiet life listening to jazz records and caring for his favorite plant. But what else is there to do when you’re a HelperBot 3, a robot that has long been retired and considered obsolete? When his fellow HelperBot neighbor Claire asks to borrow his charger, what starts as an awkward encounter leads to a unique friendship, a surprising adventure, and maybe even...love?
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy