Ariana Grande explained her decision to be credited in the upcoming Wicked movie with her full real name, Ariana Grande-Butera.
For Ariana Grande, filming Wicked felt like turning back time.
The singer—who plays Glinda the Good Witch in the upcoming film—is credited as her full name Ariana Grande-Butera, E! News confirmed Nov. 1. (Her hyphenated last name incorporates the last names of her mother Joan Grande and father Edward Butera.)
Ariana explained her decision to not go by her stage name in the film's closing credits, revealing that it's a nod to her younger self and a reflection of how she felt making the musical.
"Technically, it's my little girl name," she said in a preview of her appearance on The Streaming Service with Justin Hill alongside costar Cynthia Erivo released Nov. 4. "Technically it's little Ari's name."
"But, no, I just feel like this experience was such a homecoming for me," Ariana elaborated. "I feel like I came home to myself in a lot of ways through what I learned from Glinda, from [Cynthia's character] Elphaba and, you know, that was my name when I went to see the show when I was 10 years old—and it felt like a really lovely way of honoring that."
The "One Last Time" singer added that the decision "felt really full circle, and it just felt like something I really wanted to do."
Indeed, when the interviewer called it "a love note to" the younger version of herself, Ariana agreed.
@arianagrande explains why she’s not using her stage name in her role as #glinda in the @Wicked Movie #arianagrande #cynthiaerivo #elphaba #wicked @Universal Pics ANZ 
Deciding to be credited with her full birth name isn't the only change that Ariana made for the Broadway adaptation, either. The "thank u, next" singer also raised the pitch of her voice for her performance.
"There is a part of the world that isn’t familiar with what it takes to transform your voice," she explained to Vanity Fair in September, "whether it’s singing or taking on a different dialect for a role or doing a character voice for something."
Ariana pointed out that such creative licenses are taken differently when done by men and women.
"When it’s a male actor that does it, it’s acclaimed," she said. "There are definitely jokes that are made as well, but it’s always after being led with praise: ‘Oh, wow, he was so lost in the role.’ And that’s just a part of the job, really."
And, ultimately, the Grammy winner stands by her work in Wicked, which is already generating Oscar buzz. 
"It’s something that I’m just really proud of,” Ariana added. "Part of why I did want to engage [with critics] is because I am really proud of my hard work and of the fact that I did give 100 percent of myself, including my physicality, to this role. I am proud of that, so I wanted to protect it."
Keep reading for more about Ariana.
Ariana Grande dazzled in a salmon pink dress at the 2010 MTV Movie Awards. This look made her vibrant red hair pop!
The Sam & Cat star stunned in a charming white mini-dress at the 2011 Grammy Awards. She paired her simple, yet striking outfit with sparkly gold heels and dainty jewelry pieces.
Looking like a modern-day Jessica Rabbit with her blinding Dolce & Gabbana red dress, Ariana shimmered at the 2013 American Music Awards.
Serving fans retro charm in her custom Kenley Collins dress, the Scream Queens actress looked perfectly polished at the 2013 Style Awards.
The "Dangerous Woman" singer made a splash at the 2014 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. Matching the orange carpet, Grande wore a vibrant mini-dress and pairs it with white pumps and a whimsical clutch.
Ariana oozed with old Hollywood glamour at the 2014 American Music Awards. She opted for a floor-length black lace gown from MT Costello.
Wearing a white gown with silver lamé mesh at the 2015 Grammy Awards, Ariana shined as bright as the flashing lights on the red carpet.
Beaming in a floral beaded, peplum mini-dress at the 2015 American Music Awards, Ariana stunned in this statement-making piece from Giambattista Valli.
Ariana made a bold fashion choice wearing an all-white ensemble at KISS FM in 2015. While most are scared to get an outfit like that dirty, the Nickelodeon alum wasn't afraid to take that risk! 
Ditching the usual dress at the 2016 American Music Awards, the "Problem" artist opted for a sexy corset top and elegant white pants.
Ariana rocked a funky fresh outfit at the 2016 Hairspray Live! press junket. She sizzled in oversized overalls, a bralette and a bedazzled choker necklace.
Ariana brought the heat to the 2016 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas. Her Atelier Versace dress highlighted her playful side with its unique cut-out design and bright colors.
Ariana took fans to church with her Sistine Chapel-inspired dress at the 2018 Met Gala. Megan McCluskey designed the gown in keeping with event's theme of "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination."
Ariana looked like a cotton candy dream in her pastel pink ensemble at the 2018 iHeartRadio Wango Tango event. Giving us '90s nostalgia, she rocked platinum sneakers, matching ankle socks and an oversized sweater that states, "girls girls girls."
The "7 Rings" singer looked regal and elegant in her custom Christian Siriano dress, which she perfectly dubbed the "loofah of the year" lewk. Of course, she tied her outfit together by wearing her signature thigh-high boots.
Not only did the pop star turned heads with two outfit changes at the 2020 Grammys red carpet, but her platinum blonde pony was all anyone could talk about at the time.
Ariana said thank u, next to her signature high pony with a selfie that showed off her natural curls in 2020.
The "Positions" singer channeled Jennifer Garner's 13 Going on 30 character in 2021.
The Wicked actress debuted a dramatic blonde look in October 2022.
Wickedly Good
Ariana channeled Glinda the Good Witch in a pink Giambattista Valli gown at the 2024 Oscars.
Goddess of the Garden
For the 2024 Met Gala, which had a "Garden of Time" dress code to celebrate the "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" exhibit, Ariana wore an ethereal white gown from Loewe featuring a mother of pearl bodice—a nod to her birthstone—and long chiffon skirt.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.