By KIRSTY MCCORMACK FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:41, 18 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:41, 18 December 2024   
 25
View  comments
Ariana Grande has been notoriously private when it comes to her relationship with Ethan Slater, but this week she publicly gushed over him on social media.
The 31-year-old singer, who attended the Golden Globes first-time nominee luncheon this week, couldn't resist complimenting her beau when he shared some black and white photographs of himself on Instagram on Tuesday that were taken for Schon! magazine.
Ethan, 32, simply captioned the post: 'Looking around,' and his popstar girlfriend was quick to comment on the snaps.  
'The Buster Keaton of today!' Ariana wrote, referring to the late US actor and comedian, who was known for his silent films during the 1920s.
Ariana followed it up with another comment which featured three exclamation marks and a heart - both of her remarks have been liked over 3,000 times.
Last month, DailyMail.com exclusively revealed how Wicked bosses covered up the couple's budding romance for fear that it would overshadow the film's release. 
Ariana Grande pictured with her boyfriend Ethan Slater, whom she met on the set of Wicked
Ariana publicly gushed over Ethan on his latest Instagram post and referred to him as the 'Buster Keaton of today'
The costars met in December 2022 on the UK set of the film adaptation of the Broadway hit, in which Ariana plays Glinda — the good witch — alongside Ethan as munchkin Boq.
At the time, Ariana was still married to Dalton Gomez. She filed for divorce in September 2023 and listed the date of separation as February 20, 2023. 
The singer announced her separation from Dalton just three days before confirming her new relationship with Ethan.
Meanwhile, he was married to his high school sweetheart, Lilly Jay, when he joined the production. 
The actor, who welcomed his first child with Jay in 2022, filed for divorce in July 2023 - five years after they tied the knot. 
With an eye-watering $145 million budget and the release date fast approaching after years of delays, studio executives at Universal Pictures were 'worried' about the impact their controversial pairing would have on the movie's success.
Insiders claimed the couple were instructed to 'disappear for six months' in the hope that the backlash would die down before the long-awaited musical hit cinemas on November 22.
'When news of the relationship first broke, studio execs were extremely worried about how it would impact the film,' a source told DailyMail.com. 'They were feeling the heat and Ariana and Ethan were instructed to disappear for six months, which they did.' 
Ariana and Ethan pictured with a delighted fan in New York City earlier this month 
The pop star, pictured here on December 4, has been relatively private when it comes to her current relationship
Ethan was married to his high school sweetheart Lilly Jay when he first met Ariana. The former couple are pictured here in November 2018
However, their new romance sparked uproar among Ariana's followers.
This was exacerbated when Ethan's ex slammed the Thank You, Next singer in a series of disparaging interviews in which she claimed she is 'not a girl's girl' and accused Ariana of seeing her family as nothing more than 'collateral damage.' 
Following the continuous flow of negative headlines, Ariana and Ethan refrained from the spotlight making only a handful of public appearances including his opening night in the Spamalot Broadway show. 
'Ariana and Ethan are professionals and know better than to bring their personal relationship to promotional events,' the insider said.
'Ariana was terrified that her personal actions would cause this film to bomb. They are both divorced and people have moved on from this.' 
Luckily that wasn't the case and Wicked has achieved much success since it's release and grossed $320.5 million domestically and $455.5 million worldwide.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group