By EMILY LEFROY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:54, 28 November 2024   |  Updated:  00:22, 30 November 2024   
 16
View  comments
Today show host Al Roker made a 'Wicked' mistake.
The 70-year-old accidentally let a major spoiler slip about the Wicked movie while hosting the show on Thursday morning.
He was fronting a portion of the 2024 Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade with Wicked Broadway legend Idina Menzel, 53, when he revealed a secret about the film, which stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo.
'You had a cameo in Wicked, in the movie,' Roker said to Menzel.
Menzel, who played Elphaba in the Broadway show from October 2003 to January 2005, admitted she does appear in Wicked: Part One - but it was meant to be a surprise appearance. 
'You’re not supposed to tell anyone about the cameo! Cat’s out of the bag,' Menzel laughed wearing a grey HiSO Kennedy wool coat.
'Cat’s out of the bag!' Roker repeated, before adding 'everyone’s been sharing everything online.'
Menzel herself has uploaded several photos on social media in costume on the set of Wicked, but had revealed tight lipped about what her role looks like.
Roker, 70, was hosting a portion of the 2024 Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade with Wicked Broadway legend Idina Menzel
In the film, which premiered on November 22, 2024, Menzel and Kristin Chenoweth, 56, play members of a theater troupe in the Emerald City.
Chenoweth played Glinda on Broadway from October 2003 until her departure on July 2004.
The duo play members of the Emerald City ensemble who hilariously fight for the spotlight while singing a new verse in One Short Day about the Wizard of Oz 
Menzel told Roker it was a 'great source of pride' to be part of the legacy of Wicked.
'I will hold dear forever,' she gushed. 
Menzel also gushed over the 'full circle' moment of being on the Today show with Roker, as she performed in the parade as Elphaba when Wicked first hit the stage nearly 20 years ago.
The singer and actress also performed a song from the Redwood, which she currently stars in, called Great Escape.
After the highly anticipated film was released last week, with eager movie-goers taking to social media to praise the flick - many thrilled with the surprise cameos from Menzel and Chenoweth. 
Menzel, who played Elphaba in the Broadway show from October 2003 to January 2005, admitted she does appear in Wicked: Part One - but it was meant to be a surprise appearance
The singer and actress also performed a song from the Redwood, which she currently stars in, called Great Escape
The two actresses famously originated the roles of Elphaba and Glinda, respectively, during the musical's initial run on Broadway in 2003 (pictured)
The highly-anticipated film, starring Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande (pictured), was released in cinemas last week
While there had been several hints that Idina and Kristen could make cameos, the actual moment had been successfully kept secret, meaning the majority of fans were caught unaware.
Speaking to Variety last week about returning to Oz after two decades, Menzel said: 'It was so surreal. It was really extraordinary.
'It was wonderful to be there, to get all the feels, to rehearse together, to somewhat echo our characters a little bit, to be with Cynthia and Ari and enjoy the set in a totally different way. It was everything.'
Chenoweth added: 'I was so honored that they wanted to include us. I thought, "Should we? Is it weird, because it’s [Ariana and Cynthia’s] now?" And Marc Platt said, "You have to. What do you mean? It wouldn’t happen without you!"
She continued: 'Idina and I had so much fun. Our costumes were amazing, and we just made up our thing. We just had the best time ever. We did it in one day, and to be reunited with my with my sister was very, very special. We had a good time there. Elphie and Glinda grew up!'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group