Ariana Grande attends the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on January 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. 
Ariana Grande is not beating the "homewrecker" allegations after her latest interview. As we've previously reported, just days after the award-winning singer announced the separation from her husband, Dalton Gomez, reports of her dating Wicked co-star Ethan Slater surfaced. As for Slater, he didn’t file for divorce from his wife, Lilly Jay, until after he was publicly linked to the singer. Lilly was Ethan’s high school sweetheart, and the two had recently welcomed their first baby together. Lilly told the Daily Mail Ariana is “not a girl’s girl” and that her family was being treated like “collateral damage.”
Since the release of "yes, and?" and the pop star's latest interview calling out the toxicity of tabloid coverage and the effects stories have on people. Grande, 30, says that we "selectively remember" that the tabloids fabricate stories, especially on women, based on "whether or not we like the person."
As clips of the interview made its way online, fans are calling her out. One person commented on a clip shared to TikTok, "Ariana just say you stole a dad. Wrap it up. WHAT A GASLIGHT good hell." Another stated: "Women who like her are a red flag." A third wrote: "im sorry but she literally started a relationship with a man who was married and just had a baby!! there is no way of making that be okay at all." One person said, "Honey we heard the story from the wife. Being a mistress homewrecker publicly is icky." Another echoed that sentiment, writing: "Lol why is she acting so dumb tryna blame the tabloids when his own wife now ex even said she’s a mistress [tomato emojis]."
Another person said: "she’s a homewrecker. always been. but never wants to be the villain so she always plays the victim." One person brutally commented, "Did you hold that lady’s baby then run off with her man, yes or no?" Commenting on Ariana's choice of words, one person stated: "Ok so set the record straight then. She says a whole lot of nothing and no one believes she ISNT a homewrecker. Nothing she said changed my mind on that anyway." Commented another, "We also know gaslighting? [nervous laugh emoji]"
Ariana Grande is perhaps the quintessential pop star of the last half of the 2010s. With her four-octave vocal range, it is no wonder that Grande has received numerous accolades throughout her career as a pop icon. Grande began her music career at age 15 in the 2008 Broadway musical 13. She rose to fame for playing Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon series Victorious from 2010 to 2013. In 2011, Grande signed with Republic Records after label executives saw YouTube videos of her covering songs by Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston.
With seven studio albums under her belt, Grande is one of the world's best-selling music artists. She has sold over 90 million records globally, and all of her studio albums have been certified platinum or higher. The Florida native is also the most streamed female artist of all time. Besides music, Grande has worked with many charitable organizations and advocates for animal rights, mental health, and gender, racial, and LGBT equality. She also has a successful cosmetics company, R.E.M. Beauty, which she launched in 2021. Tapping into the perfume industry, Grande has released 13 fragrances and is the most-searched celebrity fragrance.
<em>(Photo by Marleen Moise/Getty Images)</em>
Ariana will play Glinda in the upcoming film adaptation of Wicked, which will hit theaters on November 27, 2024. Over ten years in the making, Grande was signed on in 2021 along with Cynthia Erivo, who will be playing Elphaba, the Wicked Witch of the West. The second installment of Wicked will premiere one year later on November 25, 2025. In 2023, fans asked why Ariana isn't a singer anymore. In response, she sang a beautiful rendition of "Over the Rainbow" on TikTok. She told fans she "wanted to sing you a little something but don’t want to sing anything that is not ‘Ozian’ at the moment [smiley face emoji] keeping to my little bubble for now … done with lots of love."
Ariana's 2020 song "positions" tells us how far she is willing to go for her lover because they are as down for her as she is for them. This is a song that you would dedicate to that special someone who you've got infinite love for. You'd love to hear this song sung for you with lines like, "Know my love infinite, nothing I wouldn't do."
The flow of 2016's "Dangerous Woman" is one that builds up, and slows down again, yet is powerful all the way through. Put this song on and instantly feel empowered. That is the effect Ariana Grande has.
2018's "breathin" reminds us to keep on breathing when you're going through one of those days that are sucking out your energy. Being reminded by someone else to reflect on easier times is sometimes all it takes to help pull you out of a depressive episode, and this song does just that. What we love most about "true story" is how Grande proclaims she doesn't care about the interference or narratives, because she will play the role of the bad guy to keep her peace.
Following the theme of picking yourself up from being down, Ariana has another 2018 banger. The intro and outro of this song are breathtaking vocally and visually. The intro is soft and ethereal until the beat drops, and the song turns into a dance banger. In the outro, Grande's isolated voice is confident, as the song is about positivity and love.
There is nothing more powerful than Grande's 2018 hit proclaiming that God is a woman. The music video is a little bit all over the place, but scenes that stand out most to us is the opening ethereal space shot, a nude Grande covered in body paint, and a giant pair of legs with the sun shining through. Grande's range shines the best in this song and it is an empowering female anthem.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!