By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and CASSIE CARPENTER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:46, 16 October 2024   |  Updated:  18:56, 16 October 2024   
 86
View  comments
Cynthia Erivo has blasted an edited Wicked poster featuring she and co-star Ariana Grande as she branded it the 'wildest, most offensive.'
The 37-year-old actress took to her Instagram Story on Wednesday to repost an edited version of the recently unveiled poster for her new film which is a remake of the stage version.
She wrote: 'This is the wildest, most offensive thig I have seen.'
Cynthia went on to compare it to the questions that have been sent her way regarding her green skin in the film.
She continued: 'None of this is funny. None of it is cute. It degrades me. It degrades us.
Cynthia Erivo has blasted an edited Wicked poster featuring she and co-star Ariana Grande as she branded it the 'wildest, most offensive'
The original version of the film poster is seen on the left as the edited version which upset Erivo is on the right
'The original poster is an ILLUSTRATION. I am a real life human being, who chose to look right down the barrel of the camera to you, the viewer …because, without words we communicate with our eyes.'
The talented actress then went on to describe the differences between the original musical and the theatric version.
'Our poster is an homage not an imitation,' she said, before adding, 'to edit my face and hide my eyes is to erase me. And that is just deeply hurtful.. '
She then went on to post another Instagram Story featuring the official poster.
'Let me put this right here,' Cynthia wrote above the image, alongside two green hearts. 'To remind you and cleanse your palette. '
This comes days after the dynamic duo were blasted on social media for trying to recreate the iconic 2003 poster for the original San Francisco theatrical production of Wicked for Jon M. Chu's upcoming big-screen adaptation, which frustrated fans of the Broadway musical.
In it, the 31-year-old Florida-born pop star wore a crown rather than a white hood while the British-Nigerian 37-year-old showed her eyes and did not smirk with red lipstick.
X user @schlife tweeted: 'Cannot believe it took them this long to recreate the poster and they fumbled it so hard.'
The 37-year-old actress (pictured in Paris earlier this month) wrote: 'This is the wildest, most offensive thig I have seen.'
She then went on to post another Instagram Story featuring the official poster
'The subtle grin is the most iconic part of the poster, why is she just going [no expression emoji]?' X user @Sweeney_Daily wondered.
X user @strstyler tweeted: 'Would it have been too hard to give her red lipstick, pull down the hat over her eyes and make her smirk a lil? She just looks like [a straight-faced meme].'
X user @Picsart Photoshopped their own version of the Wicked poster, which was captioned: 'Fixed it hope this helps!'
Ariana proudly Instastoried the new poster and gushed: 'I love you @cynthiaerivo and I cannot wait for the world to experience your sheer, utter magnificence in this... I'm just sayin'. I love you, here we go!'
Cynthia - who's an Oscar away from EGOT status - then replied via Instastory: '@arianagrande what a moment in time. What a wonder we get to experience together! I can't wait for people to be blown away by you and your utter love and care for Glinda (and truly Elphie). It's time now. I've got you. I love you.'
Grande (born Butera) and Erivo star as Shiz University witch roommates Glinda Upland and Elphaba Thropp in Wicked, and tickets for the first part officially went on sale Wednesday ahead of the November 27th release date.
The two-time Grammy winner notoriously met her married boyfriend Ethan Slater - who plays munchkin-turned-tinman Boq - on the London set of Wicked, which doesn't release its second part until November 26, 2025.
Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Yeoh, Jonathan Bailey, Marissa Bode, Bowen Yang, Bronwyn James, Keala Settle, and Peter Dinklage also star in the highly-anticipated, two-part fantasy flick.
Ariana and Cynthia attempted to recreate the iconic 2003 poster for the original San Francisco theatrical production of Wicked for Jon M. Chu's upcoming big-screen adaptation, which frustrated fans of the Broadway musical
In it, the 31-year-old Florida-born pop star (R) wore a crown rather than a white hood while the British-Nigerian 37-year-old (L) showed her eyes and did not smirk with red lipstick
X user @schlife tweeted: 'Cannot believe it took them this long to recreate the poster and they fumbled it so hard'
'The subtle grin is the most iconic part of the poster, why is she just going [no expression emoji]?' X user @Sweeney_Daily wondered
X user @strstyler tweeted: 'Would it have been too hard to give her red lipstick, pull down the hat over her eyes and make her smirk a lil? She just looks like [a straight-faced meme]'
X user @Picsart Photoshopped their own version of the Wicked poster, which was captioned: 'Fixed it hope this helps!'
Ariana proudly Instastoried the new poster and gushed: 'I love you @cynthiaerivo and I cannot wait for the world to experience your sheer, utter magnificence in this... I'm just sayin'. I love you, here we go!'
Cynthia - who's an Oscar away from EGOT status - then replied via Instastory: '@arianagrande what a moment in time. What a wonder we get to experience together! I can't wait for people to be blown away by you and your utter love and care for Glinda (and truly Elphie). It's time now. I've got you. I love you'
Fans can also pre-order Wicked: The Soundtrack, featuring all 11 songs from act one, on Wednesday ahead of its official November 22 release. 
Speaking about her transformation into Glinda, Ariana told Vogue in September: 'My pop persona is such a characterized version on its own. Beauty really helped me deconstruct that person and find Glinda.
'Even though I was wearing wigs, I needed to be blonde, too,' she explained, adding that the brows needed to match because there was 'a softness that Glinda has with the lighter brows. It didn't make any sense when I had my dark brows.'
'Cynthia and I have really loved to shop in character,' she added of her costar. 'I just wanted to live in the DNA and mindset of the character. Now I love the color pink and it feels like part of me. I think it’s something I’ll be forever intertwined with in a very special way.'
Grande (born Butera) and Erivo star as Shiz University witch roommates Glinda Upland and Elphaba Thropp in Wicked, and tickets for the first part officially went on sale Wednesday ahead of the November 27th release date 
The two-time Grammy winner notoriously met her married boyfriend Ethan Slater (L) - who plays munchkin-turned-tinman Boq - on the London set of Wicked, which doesn't release its second part until November 26, 2025 
Jeff Goldblum (L), Michelle Yeoh (R), Jonathan Bailey, Marissa Bode, Bowen Yang, Bronwyn James, Keala Settle, and Peter Dinklage also star in the highly-anticipated, two-part fantasy flick
Fans can also pre-order Wicked: The Soundtrack, featuring all 11 songs from act one, on Wednesday ahead of its official November 22 release
Elphaba is a young woman, misunderstood because of her unusual green skin, who has yet to discover her true power while Glinda is a popular young woman, gilded by privilege and ambition, who has yet to discover her true heart.
Following the release of part one this November, the second film is scheduled to be released November 26, 2025.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group