Our #1 AI Stock Pick is on a steep discount - 29.99$ instead of 99.99$! Click here to access exclusive investment research and ad free browsing!
Our #1 AI Stock Pick is on a steep discount - 29.99$ instead of 99.99$! Click here to access exclusive research!
In this article, we will discuss the 20 Best Everyday Office Perfumes for Women. You can skip our detailed analysis and go directly to the Best Everyday Office Perfume for Women.
The United States of America is the world’s largest importer of fragrances, with imports reaching an incredible $4.489 billion in 2023, according to the latest UN Comtrade DataBase. Considering that it imported $3.787 billion in 2022, this is a promising 18.53% growth. Furthermore, as we have mentioned in our article “20 Best Feminine Perfumes For Everyday Use,” the US perfume market will expand at a CAGR of 9.12% from 2022 to 2027, as per Technavio. 
On the other hand, based on the latest UN Comtrade DataBase, France is ranked as the top global perfume exporter in 2023, with a remarkable $7.520 billion in exports. Compared with the export estimates of $6.749 billion in 2022, this marks a significant 11.42% increase. Additionally, Research and Markets predicts that the French perfume market will increase by $0.63 billion by 2027.
Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPAR) creates, produces, and markets high-end fragrances and cosmetics. Additionally, Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPAR) is among the 15 Beauty Stocks To Invest In and it had an annual revenue of $1.3 billion in 2023.
Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPAR) announced in 2023 that it had acquired an exclusive worldwide fragrance license for the Roberto Cavalli brand, starting immediately. The Cavalli fragrance business will be operated from Inter Parfums Italia’s Florence headquarters, in line with the company’s objective to establish an Italian brand hub.
Coty (a key market player in the cosmetic industry) was the former owner of the license. The new deal will initially lead to the release of line expansions for the current perfumes, and a brand-new blockbuster will follow in 2025, as per the company.
Jean Madar, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Inter Parfums, Inc. (NASDAQ: IPAR), stated:
“We are enthusiastic about the potential of our partnership with Cavalli and its creative director, Fausto Puglisi. We will modernize and elevate the fragrance portfolio, build out a powerful global brand presence along with a robust omni-channel reach, strengthening visibility and improve shelf space. Our current plans call for brand extensions in 2024 and a new blockbuster scent for women in 2025. It is natural that the Cavalli brand be based in Italy utilizing our Florence resources, staff and infrastructure, which will be a long-term competitive advantage.”
With that said, here are the 20 Best Everyday Office Perfumes for Women. 
To pick out the 20 Best Everyday Office Perfumes for Women, we searched the internet for the best everyday office perfumes for women and ranked them based on their number of appearances in our sources, so each appearance got one score. Then we ranked the list based on the aggregated scores. Only perfumes under $100 have been included in our list. We have also included each perfume’s price and quantity in our list, using the price as a tie-breaker in case two or more perfumes had the same score. The prices that we have mentioned are for particular spray bottles with varying capacities, mostly relying on Sephora and Nordstrom for the data. Please note, however, that we can’t guarantee the accuracy of these prices, since they can vary from region to region.
Insider Monkey Score: 2
Price: $82 for 1.7 o.z
It’s a pleasant scent with notes of orange, rose, and lily. Clinique Happy is not only citrusy but also has an affordable price tag, making it an ideal fragrance for women to wear to work every day.
Insider Monkey Score: 2
Price: $69 for 3.4 o.z
Among the best daily office perfumes for women is Tommy Hilfiger’s Tommy Girl, which has dominant notes like Apple Tree Blossom, Mandarin Orange, Camelia, and Black Currant. Moreover, Lemon, Honeysuckle, Grapefruit, Rose, Lily, Mint, and Violet are the middle accords  and Magnolia, Jasmine, Cedar, Sandalwood, and Leather are the base notes.
Insider Monkey Score: 2
Price: $64 for 1.7 o.z 
One of the best everyday office perfumes for women is OUAI Melrose Place Eau De Parfum that features a fresh floral scent. Key notes of champagne, bergamot, and rose are paired with hints of lychee, white musk, cedarwood, and bergamot in the velvety-rich rose fragrance.
Insider Monkey Score: 2 
Price: $38.8 for 6.7 o.z 
Women’s Floral Aquatic scent Cool Water by Davidoff has foundation notes of Musk, Raspberry,  Vetiver, Violet Root, Blackberry, Peach, Sandalwood, and Vanilla. While Melon, Lotus, Lemon, Quince, Calone, Lily, Pineapple, and Black Currant are the most prominent notes, the scent also consists of Lotus, Water Lily, Lily-of-the-Valley, Jasmine, Honey, Hawthorn, and Rose as the heart notes.
Insider Monkey Score: 3
Price: $97 for 3.3 o.z
One of the best everyday office perfumes for women, Calvin Klein markets the flowery scent Eternity specifically for ladies. Freesia, sage, citrus fruits, mandarin oranges, and green notes make up its top notes. The middle notes consist of carnations, lilies, lily-of-the-valley, narcissus, marigold, violet, rose, and jasmine. The base notes are sandalwood, amber, patchouli, and heliotrope.
Insider Monkey Score: 3
Price: $65 for 3.4 o.z
English Pear and Freesia by Jo Malone captures an olfactory sensation of perfectly ripe pears, softened by wood, amber, and patchouli, and encased in a white freesia fragrance.
Insider Monkey Score: 4
Price: $64 for 2.0 o.z
With a floral scent, Amazing Grace by Philosophy is one of the best everyday workplace scents for women. Tanya Petrakov is the scent creator. Musk is the base note and Jasmine, Freesia, and Rose are the middle notes. Moreover, Mandarin Orange, Bergamot, and Grapefruit are the top notes.
Insider Monkey Score: 4
Price: $37.90 for 1 o.z 
Being one of the best everyday office perfumes for women, Vera Wang Princess has a deeper, creamier tone of vanilla, amber, and dark chocolate that wonderfully balances the fruity, flowery top notes to create a seductive whiff.
Insider Monkey Score: 5
Price: $100 for 1.7 o.z 
The perfume has a warm, spicy aroma that is further accentuated by a contrast of sugared patchouli, soft golden rum, and sweet vanilla. It is also mixed with notes of crème brûlée and royal oud, making it one of the best perfumes for office use.
Insider Monkey Score: 5
Price: $78 for 3.3 o.z 
Cosmic Kylie Jenner is a brand-new scent that made its debut in 2024. It is one of the everyday office perfumes for women in 2024 with an amber floral scent. Nicole Mancini Issaq is the nose behind this scent. Amber and Red Peony are its middle notes, Blood Orange and Star Jasmine are the top notes, while Musk, Vanilla, and Cedar are the base notes.
Insider Monkey Score: 5
Price: $38 for 3.3 o.z 
Burberry Brit Eau de Toilette is a classic daily wear office perfume for females that has center notes of almond, sugar, and peony, and top notes of green almonds, lime, pear, and lemongrass. Amber, mahogany, and vanilla complete the base notes. It is a fruity, flowery smell for women that was developed by Natalie Gracia-Cetto.
Insider Monkey Score: 6
Price: $99 for 3.3 o.z
Being one of the best everyday office perfumes for ladies according to Reddit,  Kate Spade New York is a Ladies’ floral-fruity scent. In 2020, the fragrance was created by the perfumer Marie Salamagne. Its notes in the center include Rose and Freesia while the base notes incorporate Ambroxan and Cashmeran. The top notes are Wild Strawberry, Citrus, and Bergamot.
Insider Monkey Score: 6
Price: $65 for 3.4 o.z 
One of the best everyday work perfumes is Ariana Grande’s Cloud Eau de parfum which has a background of woody musk, the notes of whipped cream, praline, and coconut. Cloud was first introduced in 2018, and was created by the perfumer Clement Gavarry.
Insider Monkey Score: 7
Price: $75 for 1.7 o.z
The floral scent Rosie by By Rosie Jane is one of the best everyday workplace fragrances for ladies. The year Rosie was introduced was 2016. White musk makes up Rose making it the top, middle, as well as base note with a small amount of real rose oil added.
Insider Monkey Score: 7
Price: $74 for 2.0 o.z 
In 2019, Clean Classic Warm Cotton debuted with a Floral scent. Being one of the best office perfumes for women and men, the perfume mainly consists of Citrus and verbena as the top notes; Cotton Flower, Fruits, Sea Notes, and Orange Blossom as the middle notes, and musk and amber as foundation notes.
Insider Monkey Score: 8
Price: $99 for 1.7 o.z 
A floral, woody, and musky everyday office scent for both women and men, Missing Person is produced by Phlur. 2022 saw the introduction of Missing Person. The scent was created by Constance Georges-Picot. Citrus, cyclamen, and orange blossom are in the middle notes and white musk, Australian sandalwood, and white wood are in the base notes. Moreover, Musk, Jasmine, and Bergamot are in the top notes.
Daily Newslettercheapest AI stockeveryday office scentbest everyday work perfumesbest perfumes for an officebest perfumes for office use15 Beauty Stocks To Invest InBurberry Brit Eau de Toilettebest perfumes for office wearOUAI Deen Street Eau de Parfumbest office perfumes for womenOUAI Melrose Place Eau De ParfumAriana Grande Cloud Eau De ParfumCosmic Kylie Jenner Eau de ParfumBy Rosie Jane Rosie Eau De ParfumPHLUR Missing Person Eau de ParfumClinique Happy Eau de Parfum SprayVera Wang Princess Eau de ToiletteGlossier Glossier You Eau de ParfumCalvin Klein CK One Eau De Toilettebest daily office perfumes for womenMichael Burry Is Selling These StocksCLEAN RESERVE - Classic - Warm Cottonbest everyday office perfume for womenKate Spade New York Eau de Parfum SprayJim Cramer is Recommending These Stocksbest everyday office perfumes for womenbest everyday workplace scents for womenRecent Purchases in the Perfume Industrybest everyday workplace perfume for womeneveryday office perfumes for women in 202420 Best Everyday Office Perfumes for Women20 Best Feminine Perfumes For Everyday Usebest everyday workplace fragrances for ladiesclassic daily wear office perfume for femalesSol de Janeiro Sol Cheirosa '62 Eau de ParfumJo Malone English Pear & Freesia Body MistTommy Hilfiger Tommy Girl Eau de Toilette Sprayideal fragrance for women to wear to work every dayCalvin Klein Eternity For Women Eau de Parfum SprayPhilosophy Philosophy Amazing Grace Eau de ToiletteThe World’s Largest Perfume Importer and ExporterKayali Vanilla Royale Sugared Patchouli Eau de ParfumDavidoff Cool Water Eau De Toilette Spray Perfume for Womenbest everyday office perfumes for ladies according to Redditunisex fragrance that is appropriate for everyday office useShow more...Show less
Returns since its inception in May 2014 (through February 19th, 2025)
Warren Buffett
Berkshire Hathaway
$293,447,417,000
David Einhorn
Greenlight Capital
$1,491,303,000
George Soros
Soros Fund Management
$5,416,602,000
Jim Simons
Renaissance Technologies
$77,426,184,000
Leon Cooperman
Omega Advisors
$1,886,381,000
Carl Icahn
Icahn Capital LP
$22,521,664,000
Steve Cohen
Point72 Asset Management
$22,767,998,000
John Paulson
Paulson & Co
$3,510,256,000
David Tepper
Appaloosa Management LP
$4,198,712,000
Paul Tudor Jones
Tudor Investment Corp
$6,160,740,000
Get our editor’s daily picks straight in your inbox!