Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande on "Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked," airing on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024, on NBC.Giles Keyte/NBC
“Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked” will air tonight, three days before the worldwide release of “Wicked” in theaters.
The special, filmed on Universal Pictures Emerald City set, the special will air at 10 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 19, on NBC.
“Wicked,” starring Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, debuts on Nov. 22.
The special stars Erivo, Grande, Michelle Yeoh, Jeff Goldblum, Jonathan Bailey, Ethan Slater, Bowen Yang and Marissa Bode who “will share personal memories, intimate video diaries and revealing secrets about their personal journeys through the making of the Universal Pictures film.
‘Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked’ will also debut the world premiere of a ‘thrillifying’ scene from the motion picture that audiences can only see in this behind-the-scenes special,” NBC said. 
Jonathan Bailey and Jeff Goldblum on "Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked," airing on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024, on NBC.Giles Keyte/NBC
What is fuboTV?
FuboTV is a streaming service that offers more than 100 live and on-demand channels and includes cloud DVR. FuboTV has a seven-day free trial. Channels include AMC, E!, HGTV, ESPN, NBC Sports, NFL Network, FS1, MSNBC, Food Network, Great American Living, Magnolia Network, Animal Planet, Bravo, FX, CMT, Comedy Central and Hallmark. The Pro plan is $79.99 a month, Elite is $99.99 a month and Deluxe is $109.99 a month. Add-ons include EPIX, Showtime and Starz.
What is DirecTV Stream?
DirecTV Stream provides access to more than 100 channels, hundreds of on-demand titles, the ability to stream through three devices at once, and unlimited Cloud DVR storage. Channels include ABC, HGTV, Hallmark, Bravo, BET, Discovery, Food Network, AMC, Animal Planet, CMT, Comedy Central, FX, ID, Disney, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon and PBS Kids. Subscription package prices start at $101.98. The streaming service offers a five-day free trial.
What is Peacock?
Peacock plans start at $7.99 a month for Premium. The Premium Plus plan is $13.99 a month. Premium Plus includes ad-free content as well as your local NBC affiliate. Peacock includes more than 80,000 hours of content from NBC, Bravo and Telemundo, movies, TV shows, originals, sports and news.
What is Sling?
Sling streaming service is $40 a month for the Orange (32 channels) or Blue (40 channels) Levels. Orange plus Blue is $55 a month. Premium subscribers also can get a month of Showtime, STARZ and EPIX for free. Channels include CMT, Bravo, BET, Comedy Central, A&E, AMC, Animal Planet, Discovery+, Hallmark, History, National Geographic, Lifetime, TLC and USA.
Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo and Jeff Goldblum on "Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked," airing on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024, on NBC.Giles Keyte/NBC
Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo and Jonathan Bailey on "Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked," airing on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024, on NBC.Giles Keyte/NBC
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices