By MELISSA KOENIG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:42, 27 December 2024   |  Updated:  23:25, 27 December 2024   
 204
View  comments
Filmmaker Adam McKay has speculated that Donald Trump will ban the widely popular Wicked film when he is in office.
The Big Short director wrote on X Monday that the film starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo was released at a time when the United States 'has never been more right wing and propagandized'. 
'On a pure storytelling level Wicked Part 1 is right up there as one of the most radical big studio Hollywood movies ever made,' he wrote, before naming other films he placed into that category like Bridge on the River Kwai, The Sound of Music and The Hunger Games.
'I know Part 2 swings back to the center a bit, but Part 1 is nakedly about radicalization in the face of careerism, fascism, propaganda,' McKay said of the film  about the Wicked Witch of the West.
'What's really striking about Wicked Part 1 is that it's coming out NOW when America has never been more right wing and propagandized,' he continued.
'And yes, I know the theatrical production and the book are much older so part of the timing is a coincidence, but still...' 
It has been a major box office success, easily surpassing its $145million budget.
The first installment of the two-part film has already made over $500million.
Woke filmmaker Adam McKay has speculated that President-Elect Donald Trump may ban the Wicked film after he takes office
The film starring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo has been a major box office hit
Yet McKay seemed to think its success will eventually draw the ire of Trump.
He shared that belief after another X user thanked him for the 'alternative perspective.'
'Really? Wow! I'm sorry I didn't even think of seeing it when it was showing here in Dublin,' the X user replied. 'It just looked like more American fantasy, franchise-wringing and CGI fare to me. 
'I'll have to see it when it gets to streaming. Thanks for the alternative perspective,' he wrote.
McKay then replied that he thinks the X user will 'be shocked.'
'If America keeps going on the track it is, I wouldn't be surprised to see the movie will be banned in three to five years,' he wrote.
McKay claimed Trump is already considering shutting down nonprofits, noting: 'Things [are] changing fast'
The second installment of the film is due to be released in theaters in November 2025, and the first part is likely to be available to stream on Peacock early into the new year 
Then, when another X user asked McKay for clarification, he seemed to take aim at the future president.
'You really think I'm 100 percent saying the movie will for sure be banned to the point where no one can ever see it?' he asked, rhetorically. 
'The idea of shutting down nonprofits at the President's discretion is in motion,' he claimed. 'Things [are] changing fast.'
Despite McKay's fears, the second installment of the film is due to be released in theaters in November 2025, and the first part is likely to be available to stream on Peacock early into the new year.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group