By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:52, 15 November 2024   |  Updated:  08:28, 15 November 2024   
 12
View  comments
Lea Michele was pretty in pink at Thursday evening's Wicked premiere in New York City.
The 38-year-old entertainer — who welcomed her second child in August — arrived on the red carpet in a boat neck, sleeveless gown.
The former Glee sensation's classic look was teamed with a pared back hairstyle as she wore the dark locks in a deep center part tight bun.
Michele added diamond stud earrings, a sparkly diamond bangle, and two-toned cream and white Mary Jane-style shoes.
And her face was aglow in soft, rosy-toned makeup that warmed her cheeks and accented her full lips. 
Lea welcomed daughter Emery Sol Reich, her second child with husband Zandy Reich, nearly three months ago. 
Lea Michele was pretty in pink at Thursday evening's Wicked premiere in New York City
The 38-year-old entertainer - who welcomed her second child in August - arrived on the red carpet in a boat neck, sleeveless gown
To announce that she had given birth, the songstress shared a snap of the newborn wrapped in a blanket with her feet poking out on social media.
She wrote in a caption to her 8.2 million Instagram followers, 'Our hearts are so full. Emery Sol Reich.'
Michele and Reich are also parents to their four-year-old son Ever Leo Reich.
The actress announced her pregnancy in March, sharing photos of her cradling her baby bump online. 
'Mommy, Daddy and Ever are overjoyed,' she captioned an Instagram post.
Then on Mother's Day, she revealed the sex of her child as she shared another snap of her burgeoning belly.
'The most beautiful Mother’s Day today, holding my son who made me a mama…and carrying my daughter,' she captioned a snap of her bump.
Part one of Wicked stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo as Glinda and Elphaba respectively. 
The former Glee sensation's modest, classic look was teamed with a pared back hairstyle as she wore the dark locks in a deep center part tight bun.
Michele added diamond stud earrings, a sparkly diamond bangle, and two-toned cream and white Mary Jane-style shoes
Part one of Wicked hits movie theaters on November 22 and stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo as Glinda and Elphaba respectively
The story follows Elphaba and Glinda as they meet at Shiz University and share a life-changing encounter with Jeff Goldblum's Wizard of Oz.
Universal enlisted Chu to direct the beloved story in 2021.
The first of two Wicked installments hits theaters on November 22, 2024, with its sequel slated to premiere one year later on November 21, 2025.
Taking to Instagram earlier this month, Ariana shared promotional posts from the start of her press tour.
She wrote to her online audience, 'There are truly no words. I missed you all. Thank you for welcoming us with such warmth and love. What a special way to begin this tour.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group