Home    Forums    Music    Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 10)
It’s so funny to me that some people still dare to underestimate Bruno Mars. This man hasn’t lost a Grammy nomination since 2014 and he’s pretty much a Grammy darling especially in ROTY. Bruno has been on a hiatus. DWAS is perfect choice for voters, the real music making a comeback and they will eat it up. 
Bruno can win or can lose. When he got all these Grammys with Uptown Funk and post Uptown Funk, he was basically a Motown artist. They love the Motown Bruno, 70’s/80’s R&B Bruno. This is a pop ballad with Lady Gaga. Bruno won Pop Grammys before but they made him a Grammy juggernaut when he was Retro R&B.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Die With A Smile is actually a crossover contender. Bruno Mars is liked by pop and r&b voters. D’Mile is God for r&b field. Gaga is one of the pop favorites. I’m curious who rock will vote. I think Billie has a strong support there, but they would split with Chappell this time. Gaga is also liked and respected in rock industry. Remember she has a song eligible for Rock Field this year. 
Chappell will not have rock appeal, she should be applauded by pop voters, but she is not Olivia or Billie who can have strength in rock and alternative.
 Bruno can win or can lose. When he got all these Grammys with Uptown Funk and post Uptown Funk, he was basically a Motown artist. They love the Motown Bruno, 70’s/80’s R&B Bruno. This is a pop ballad with Lady Gaga. Bruno won Pop Grammys before but they made him a Grammy juggernaut when he was Retro R&B. 
The song entered Apple Music’s biggest R&B playlist. I don’t know how it is on Spotify and radio, but the song is a crossover point of soft rock, R&B and pop. Gaga and Bruno have a lot of support in pop, Bruno and D’mile are R&B bosses, and Andrew Watt has a support and history in rock.
I won’t buy Gaga/Bruno winning in the GF till i see it. the song had a decent debut considering neither of them is strong there. Radio will make or break the song.
EGOT & Triple Crown of Acting winner, VIOLA DAVIS
2-time Oscar winner, EMMA STONE
Emmy & Tony winner, JODIE COMER
Emmy & Olivier winner, SARAH SNOOK
Oscar & Emmy nominee, SEBASTIAN STAN
I won’t buy Gaga/Bruno winning in the GF till i see it. the song had a decent debut considering neither of them is strong there. Radio will make or break the song. 
The radio seems to have liked it but they love everything Bruno releases
New predictions Record Of The Year  Jon Batiste – It Never Went Away The Beatles – Now and Then Beyoncé – Texas Hold ‘Em Sabrina Carpenter – Espresso Billie Eilish – Birds Of A Feather Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars – Die With A Smile Kendrick Lamar – Not Like Us Chappell Roan – Good Luck, Babe! Possible: Charli xcx – 360 Ariana Grande – We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love) Lucky Daye – That’s You Album Of The Year Beyoncé – Cowboy Carter Sabrina Carpenter – Short n’ Sweet Charli xcx – Brat Billie Eilish – Hit Me Hard And Soft Ariana Grande – Eternal Sunshine Muni Long – Revenge Chappell Roan – The Rise And Fall Of A Midwest Princess Taylor Swift – The Tortured Poets Department Possible: Black Pumas – Chronicles Of A Diamond Childish Gambino – Bando Stone and The New World Lucky Daye – Algorithm Song Of The Year “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” – Shaboozey “Beautiful Things” – Benson Boone “Birds Of A Feather” – Billie Eilish “Die With A Smile” – Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars “Espresso” – Sabrina Carpenter “Good Luck, Babe!” – Chappell Roan “Not Like Us” – Kendrick Lamar “Texas Hold ‘Em” – Beyoncé Possible: “Agora Hills” – Doja Cat “Fortnight” – Taylor Swift & Post Malone “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)” – Ariana Grande Best New Artist Artemas Benson Boone BossMan Dlow Sabrina Carpenter Sierra Ferrell Rae Khalil Chappell Roan Shaboozey Possible: The Last Dinner Party Megan Moroney Raye 
jon baptiste?
Die With A Smile is so good!!, ballads are definetly Gaga’s biggest strenght, and Bruno’s too
I love how their voices sound together
I was so worried Gaga was going to let her Joker 2 hype go during Grammy voting period without proper material to boost, but now this is just what she needed
Bruno darling status + Gaga joker hype will be a great mix for this song to succeed with the voters
With ASIB boost Gaga managed to make Joanne (the song) win pop solo against big hits and Shallow got lot of love too despite not being the smash that it became after the oscars yet
Also with House Of Gucci boost she got nominations everywhere including unexpected ROTY and Music Video nods with Love For Sale despite its limitated commercial success
I can see Joker 2 being way more impactful than ASIB (and HoG for sure), so I’m sure Gaga is gonna try to maximize her Grammy winning chances for next ceremony (as she should)
I assume this is how her submissions are gonna look, win an important winning potential if nominated
• ROTY – Die With A Smile / SSOH
• SOTY – Die With A Smile
• Best Pop Duo/Performance – Die With A Smile
• Best Rock Performance – Sweet Sounds of Heaven
• Best Music Film – Chromatica Ball
• Best Music Video – Die With A Smile
I won’t buy Gaga/Bruno winning in the GF till i see it. the song had a decent debut considering neither of them is strong there. Radio will make or break the song.
Wdym? Half of Bruno’s Grammy wins are in the GF
Gaga has never won there cuz of her controversial past (she is a turn of for the conservative branch)
Here are my predictions for the General Field right now:
Record of the Year:
Album of the Year:
Song of the Year:
Best New Artist:
Get real!  Ariana Grande is NOT happening in Record of the Year, Album of the Year, and Song of the Year.  Pure delusion.  Eternal Sunshine, “We Can’t Be Friends,” and “Yes, And?” are completely forgotten.
gaga’s multiweek #1 hits are born this way and just dance. those songs specifically don’t sound at all like general winners.
“chola or orient made” for example.
the Bruno collab sounds more geared to 80 year olds.
 The song entered Apple Music’s biggest R&B playlist. I don’t know how it is on Spotify and radio, but the song is a crossover point of soft rock, R&B and pop. Gaga and Bruno have a lot of support in pop, Bruno and D’mile are R&B bosses, and Andrew Watt has a support and history in rock. 
I understand the producers impact, i just gave a reason if Bruno & Gaga loses. It’s a contender if it becomes a smash. We’ll see.
I'm making love to the angels of death,
Catchin' feelings, never stumble, retracin' my steps.
Die With A Smile received 5M unfiltred streams. That means only 10% of total streams was filtered. It was an organic debut without mass streaming by fanbases.
Gaga/Bruno probably have BPDGP on lock. Not sure about ROTY/SOTY. 
The topic ‘Grammys 2025 Predictions (Part 10)’ is closed to new replies.
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…

				23 mins ago			

				1 hour ago			

				2 hours ago			

				15 mins ago			

				11 mins ago			

				2 hours ago			

				2 hours ago			

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media