By PAUL CHAVEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:16, 28 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:16, 28 June 2024   
 42
View  comments
Vera Wang shared an adorable throwback photo on social media in celebration of turning 75.
The famous fashion designer posted the black-and-white photo on Wednesday, the day before her birthday, for her nearly 1 million followers on Instagram.
The photo showed a young Vera in a checkered patterned dress looking over her shoulder with a small smile.
'CIRCA 1956. Just me. TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE MY BIRTHDAY AND ALL THROUGH THE HOUSE…,' Vera wrote as a caption.
Vera shared a short video on Thursday that was presented when she won the 2013 Geoffrey Beene Lifetime Achievement Award.
Vera Wang shared an adorable throwback photo on social media in celebration of turning 75
'In celebration of my 75th birthday, one of the most treasured moments of my 55 years in fashion and 35 years in business. Thank you @cfda for this unforgettable honor,' she wrote, referencing the Council of Fashion Designers of America.
The N + N Films video directed by Jun Diaz depicted a young Vera running around a backyard and having a vision of models in stunning designs including herself as an older bride.
Vera gained worldwide recognition for her wedding dresses that have been worn by numerous celebrities, including: Ariana Grande, Kim Kardashian, Chelsea Clinton, Ivanka Trump, Alicia Keys, Mariah Carey, Victoria Beckham and Hilary Duff.
The New York City native earlier this week wowed fans by posting a selfie on Instagram that showed her age-defying looks.
Vera wore a grey T-shirt, black mini skirt, and burgundy tights with matching platform heels. She had her signature long, straight locks pulled back in a black headband and threw a fur vest over her shoulder.
For the selfie, Vera posed in front of a mirror, displaying her tiny legs and trim figure.
The fashion designer captioned her post, 'When its 90 degrees outside, but your office is freezing……..SUMMER IN THE CITY!'
Followers flocked to the comments section to praise the former figure skater - who has continued to look years younger than her actual age.
The famous fashion designer, shown earlier this month in New York City, posted the black-and-white photo on Wednesday, the day before her birthday, for her nearly 1 million followers on Instagram
The New York City native earlier this week wowed fans by posting a selfie on Instagram that showed her age-defying looks
Vera, shown in March in Los Angeles, gained worldwide recognition for her wedding dresses that have been worn by numerous celebrities, including: Ariana Grande, Kim Kardashian, Chelsea Clinton, Ivanka Trump, Alicia Keys, Mariah Carey, Victoria Beckham and Hilary Duff
Followers flocked to the comments section to praise the former figure skater - who has continued to look years younger than her actual age.
One user wrote, 'You look amazing! My heroe Vera,' while another chimed in, ' You look so good!'
The icon welcomed summer as she danced around her pool in a white tank top, a low-waisted denim mini-skirt, and white heels.
Making sure to protect her skin, Vera donned a hat and sunglasses as she held onto her coffee cup and moved to the beat of Michael Jackson's hit song, You Rock My World.
The wedding dress guru wrote beneath the clip, 'COFFEE BREAK.'
Vera was married to Arthur Paul Becker, 74, for 23 years before announcing their separation in July 2012. They have two daughters Cecilia, 34, and Josephine, 31, who they adopted.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group