Former “SNL” star Pete Davidson is covering a lot of strange ground in his latest stand-up special, including a childhood crush on Leonardo DiCaprio, among other revelations. But there was one head-scratching revelation in particular that left us with so many questions. The comedian admitted to being under the influence of ketamine while attending Aretha Franklin’s 2018 funeral. 
Ketamine is a dissociative anesthetic approved for use with patients with “treatment-resistant depression.” Because users can feel the effects within 40 minutes of use, it has been used with patients who are experiencing suicidal thoughts. But according to the DEA, the drug has some hallucinogenic effects, distorting the users perception of light and sound and making them feel as if they are not in control.
Davidson, who has been open about his borderline personality disorder, depression and PTSD, checked himself into a rehabilitation center for treatment in June.
“I’m embarrassed I was out and about like that. That’s not cool,” the “Bodies Bodies Bodies” star shared during his hour-long “Turbo Fonzarelli” stand-up special currently streaming on Netflix. 
But if showing up high to Franklin’s funeral wasn’t bad enough, Davidson went on to tell his audience that he actually opened his mouth to speak to the legendary R&B singer’s family. And what came out, was nothing to laugh about.
“I was so high I thought it’d be a good idea to go up to her family and go, ‘Hey! I’m just here to pay my R-E-S-P-E-C-Ts,’” he joked.
If you were wondering why, on God’s green Earth, the Staten Island native was among the guests at the Queen of Soul’s homegoing, you’re not alone. He was there as the plus one of his former fiancée Ariana Grande, who performed Franklin’s hit “A Natural Woman” at the service. 
You may remember that Grande made headlines of her own that day, wearing a Black mini dress the Internet thought was way too short for a house of the Lord.
“Like, I get it, you’re Ariana Grande, but you’re at the FUNERAL FOR THE QUEEN. HAVE SOME CLASS. You know every auntie in there is ready to tell her that her hair is longer than her damn dress. #ArethaHomegoing” wrote one user on X.