By EMILY COOPER 
 Published:  11:21, 27 December 2024   |  Updated:  12:03, 27 December 2024   
 9
View  comments
 A British schoolgirl who landed a starring role in Wicked alongside Ariana Grande has revealed how the actress 'saved her' when she was injured on set.
Hattie Ryan, nine, starred as a munchkin in Wicked, which won rave reviews after debuting in November.
The story - a prequel to the Wizard of Oz - tells the tale of Glina the Good Witch, played by Ariana Grande, and Elphaba, played by Cynthia Eviro, during their time at University.
As director Jonathan M. Chu was determined to make the film as realistic as possible, all the sets were built outside and minimal CGI was used.
But when the wind picked up and grit from the yellow brick road flew into Hattie's eye, she ended up halting production because her face was so red with irritation.
But Ariana stepped in to save the day.
'I went into her dressing room to give her cuddles,' Hattie told Femail.
'She was so lovely to me and told me to be brave when I got sand in my eyes and got upset. 
Karis Musongole (left) and Hattie Ryan (right) joined the same stage school at the age of three and have been inseparable ever since
Hattie met Ariana Grande (left) who plays Glinda while Karis received life advice from Cynthia Erivo (right) who plays Elphaba
Hattie (pictured left in costume as a munchkin) is now jetsetting around Europe starring in adverts while Karis (pictured right in costume as young Elphaba) is now starring in a Christmas musical
When asked what she thought of Ariana, Hattie replied: 'She’s really a princess.'
Remembering her first day on set, Karis told Femail that she was 'excited to be working alongside the amazing cast'.
'I felt really lucky,' she said.
Hattie, however, recalls having some first-day nerves and said: 'It almost didn't feel real to be in the same room as big famous people.'
Amazingly, Hattie was cast alongside her best friend Karis Musongole, 10.
The pair joined the same stage school at the age of three and have been inseparable ever since - so it is only right that they are now in a Hollywood film together.
While Karis auditioned for the role of young Elphaba, her pal Hattie auditioned to be a munchkin in the wonderful land of Oz.
Karis and Hattie both auditioned for and landed roles in Wicked: Part One as young Elphaba and a munchkin respectively
Despite being up against tens of thousands of young hopefuls, the girls found out they had landed their respective parts in the 'dead of night' due to the time differences between LA and Manchester.
Meanwhile, Karis got to spend some quality time with Broadway star Cynthia Erivo - even though she was flying for most of it.
Karis, who was eight at the time of filming, was on set whilst Cynthia belted out Defying Gravity - arguably Wicked's most recognisable song.
The youngster said: 'I got to spend time with Cynthia which was really lovely and I got to see her fly.'
Karis herself got to fly as she played the younger version of Cynthia's character Elphaba aka the Wicked Witch of the West.
While filming their scenes together, Cynthia shared some 'lovely advice' with Karis - namely 'to never be embarrassed when making mistakes on set as the professionals that have been doing it a long time also do'.
'Cynthia is just as beautiful in person as she is on screen,' Karis told Femail.
After attending the Wicked premiere in London, Karis has gone on to play a lead role in a Christmas musical.
And Hattie is jet setting around Europe filming adverts. 
Karis attends the Wicked: Part One premiere in London at the Royal Festival Hall
Karis (second to the right) poses with the stars of Wicked. The 10-year-old told MailOnline that she was 'excited to be working alongside the amazing cast'
Both girls told Femail that they plan to carry on with training at their Manchester-based stage school in order 'to get better and better'.
Their advice for any youngsters looking to pursue a career in acting? 
'⁠Work hard and don’t give up,' Karis said. 'There will be lots of no before there is a yes. But all the nos are preparing you for that great job.'
'And have fun!' Hattie added.
Wicked opened to $19.2million in its first week – despite annoyance at lead stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo's emotionally charged press tour.
According to reports, Amazon Prime screenings on November 18 generated $2.5million at 750 theaters across the country.
Advanced screenings on November 20 grossed another $5.7million in the US and Canada.
I twill be released on streaming services on New Year's Eve. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group