The Perfume Shop, the UK’s largest fragrance retailer is thrilled to reveal the recipients of its yearly Love Perfume Awards, an event honouring fragrances chosen by employees and the public throughout the UK to unveil their top scents of 2024.
This year the awards saw an astounding 150,000 votes across all categories. Categories include Best Celebrity Launch, Best Gender Neutral Launch, Best Sustainable Brand and the much-coveted title of Nose of the Year the ‘metaphorical nose’ a celebrity chosen by the public voters! This year, The Perfume Shop continued to include the categories of Journalist of the Year and Influencer of the Year which they introduced for the first time last year.
2024 saw accolades being awarded to highly desired brands across categories such as the Best Men’s Launch fragrance and Perfume Icon Award. Previous winners in 2023 such as Tom Ford and Ariana Grande continue to showcase their credibility by winning awards again this year.
Gill Smith, managing director of The Perfume Shop, said: “We are thrilled to unveil the winners of The Perfume Shop’s Love Perfume Awards for this year. Among a plethora of exquisite fragrances, these awards honour the brands that our dedicated customers truly appreciate. Not only that, but we’re excited to share some amazing new fragrances that have launched and of course have won in this year’s awards. The Love Perfume Awards means a lot to us as a business as we get to highlight exceptional brands available both online and in our stores that truly deserve these accolades.”
Best Men’s Launch:
Jean Paul Gaultier Le Male Elixir
Best Women’s Launch:
Miss Dior Blooming Bouquet
Best Gender Neutral Launch:
Tom Ford Black Orchid
Best Celebrity Launch:
Ariana Grande Cloud Pink
Best Elixir Launch:
Dior Sauvage Elixir
Best Value for Money:
Guess Iconic
Best Duo Launch:
Issey Miyake L’Eau D’Issey Pivoine & L’Eau D’Issey Vetiver
Best Sustainable Launch:
Armani Acqua Di Giò Parfum
Nose of the Year:
Taylor Swift
Perfume Icon Award:
Chanel No.5
Perfume Experts Choice Award:
Yves Saint Laurent MYSLF
Journalist of the Year:
Hannah Britt, The Daily Express/The Daily Mirror
Lakeside Shopping Centre, the internationally renowned shopping, dining and leisure space owned by SGS Group,...
Klarna, the AI-powered payments and commerce network, crossed 11 million active customers and has doubled...
Côte Brasserie is bringing the timeless charm of French hospitality into the home like never...
Wickes is proud to announce it has reached its £2 million fundraising target for The...
The Lexicon, owned in a joint venture between Schroders Capital and Legal & General Capital,...
Whether you’re passionate about games of chance or you’ve never stepped into the captivating casino...