Thousands of happy Amazon shoppers are raving over a floral fruity perfume launched by Ariana Grande back in 2015. Ari by Ariana Grande is named after the songstress and was the first fragrance in her line.
It was first described as 'luscious and sexy' and while there is a note of marshmallow it's said to not be too sweet. It opens up very fruity with notes of raspberry, pear and grapefruit.
The fruits are balanced out with a floral heart of vanilla orchid, rose and lily-of-the-valley. It has a well rounded base of marshmallow, musk and woody notes.
READ MORE: Marilyn Monroe fans can get their hands on her beloved fragrance - and it isn't Chanel No 5
READ MORE: LookFantastic has knocked 20% off Burberry's 'stunning' Goddess perfume
Ari has brought in an average score of 4.7 out of five across 16,150 global ratings. One shopper penned: "Absolutely gorgeous perfume, one of my favourites, scent lasts all day, I’ve had lot of people commenting about it, definitely need to give it a try."
A second wrote: "I love this perfume. The bottle itself with the lovely fluffy pom pom and also the design of the bottle makes it look super expensive. The smell of the perfume is so nice and fresh. I spray on of a morning and lasts all day, struggle to find perfumes that do this. Would really recommend to anyone looking for a new fragrance."
A third said: "Best perfume I've ever tried will never change it I've been using the Ari perfume for over a year now and get lots of compliments and girls asking me what fragrance I'm wearing I'm literally in love with it. I recommend getting the actual perfume instead of the body mist because the body mist has a very strong alcohol scent and doesn’t last very long. Also will be repurchasing this if the bottle even ends."
Not everyone is so pleased though, with some shoppers wishing it was a more gourmand scent. One penned: "I love the sweet like candy perfume and when I read the ingredients for this one I thought ohhh another sweet perfume! I got the bigger one as there wasn't much price difference between the sizes. However I find the scent more floral than sweet. I've gotten use to the smell as I don't want to waste it, but I will be going back to the other perfume as I like super sweet perfumes!"
Some shoppers have suggested that Ari is reminiscent of the much more expensive Gucci Flora Gorgeous Gardenia (from £68). You can get Ari for £39.39 on Amazon.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.