After two decades as one of the most beloved and enduring musicals on the stage, Wicked makes its long-awaited journey to the big screen.


Ariana Grande is Glinda and Cynthia Erivo is Elphaba in Wicked, directed by Jon M. Chu (Image: Universal Pictures)


  Directed by acclaimed filmmaker Jon M. Chu, of Crazy Rich Asians and In the Heights fame, Wicked is the first chapter of a two-part adaptation of the musical fantasy and can be seen in cinemas from November 22.


Wicked Part Two is scheduled to arrive in theatres in November 2025.


  Filming of Wicked took place at the new Sky Studios Elstree in Borehamwood, Hertfordshire, the nearby Warner Bros. Studios Leavesden, and on location at a huge purpose-built set at Ivinghoe in the Buckinghamshire countryside. 


  Here's a behind the scenes look at the film adaptation of Broadway and West End musical Wicked.


Cynthia Erivo is Elphaba in Wicked. (Image: Universal Studios)


  Featuring the huge song Defying Gravity, Wicked is the untold story of the witches of Oz.


  It stars Emmy, Grammy and Tony-winning powerhouse Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, a young woman, misunderstood because of her unusual green skin, who has yet to discover her true power.


  Cynthia stars alongside Grammy-winning, multi-platinum recording artist and global superstar Ariana Grande as Glinda, a popular young woman, gilded by privilege and ambition, who has yet to discover her true heart. 


  The two meet as students at Shiz University in the fantastical Land of Oz and forge an unlikely but profound friendship.


Cynthia Erivo is Elphaba in Wicked. (Image: Universal Pictures) Following an encounter with the Wonderful Wizard of Oz, their friendship reaches a crossroads, and their lives take very different paths.


  Glinda's unflinching desire for popularity sees her seduced by power, while Elphaba's determination to remain true to herself, and to those around her, will have unexpected and shocking consequences on her future.


  Their extraordinary adventures in Oz will ultimately see them fulfil their destinies as Glinda the Good and the Wicked Witch of the West. 


Jeff Goldblum is The Wizard of Oz and Michelle Yeoh is Madame Morrible in Wicked. (Image: Giles Keyte/Universal Pictures) The film also stars Oscar winner Michelle Yeoh as Shiz University’s regal headmistress Madame Morrible, and Bridgerton's Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, a roguish and carefree prince.


  Tony nominee Ethan Slater (Broadway’s Spongebob Squarepants) as Boq, an altruistic Munchkin student and Marissa Bode in her feature film debut as Nessarose, Elphaba’s favoured sister. 


  Jeff Goldblum plays the legendary Wizard of Oz, while The Greatest Showman's Keala Settle is new character Miss Coddle, and four-time Emmy winner Peter Dinklage — of Game of Thrones fame — is the voice of Dr Dillamond. 


Jonathan Bailey is Fiyero in Wicked (Image: Universal Pictures)


Ariana Grande is Glinda in Wicked. (Image: Universal Studios) Last year, Sky Studios Elstree welcomed its first production, Wicked.


  Although the first major film to base itself at the state-of-the-art studios in the borough of Hertsmere, Wicked will be the second movie filmed at Sky Studios Elstree to actually hit the big screen, following the latest Paddington adventure Paddington in Peru which was released earlier this month.


Wicked producers took over the new stages at the Sky Studios complex, which is situated just off the A1 at Borehamwood, a few miles south of the M25.


  The studios are reportedly the most sustainable in the world.


Director Jon M. Chu with Cynthia Erivo (as Elphaba) and Ariana Grande (as Glinda) on the set of Wicked. (Image: Universal Studios) Speaking on the experience of filming at Sky Studios Elstree, producer Marc Platt said: “We built huge, impressively detailed sets on the brand-new stages at Sky Studios Elstree, which provided the perfect studio environment for the shoot, with the bonus of it being in close proximity to London.


  "With over 3,000 roles employed behind the camera, it was fantastic that some of these could be filled by the freelance film community living within the local area, as well as opportunities for trainees to learn and develop their skills. 


Wicked is released on November 22 (Image: Universal Studios)


  "The sustainability ambitions of the site were also significant, and to know there were thousands of solar panels on the rooftops and other renewable energy sources helping to power our production was important.  


  "We cannot wait for the world to see the Wicked movies and the magic that was created at Sky Studios Elstree.”


Cynthia Erivo (as Elphaba), director Jon M. Chu, and Ariana Grande (as Glinda) on the set of Wicked. (Image: Universal Studios) Noel Tovey, MD at Sky Studios Elstree, said earlier this year: “It was such a privilege to welcome Wicked as the first film production at Sky Studios Elstree and the biggest production filmed in the last decade.


"Having both part one and two filmed simultaneously onsite shows the studios' ability to host large-scale major motion pictures and I look forward to seeing the finished project.”


  As well as Wicked and the recently released third Paddington film, Paddington in Peru, the forthcoming Jurassic blockbuster Jurassic World Rebirth, also starring Jonathan Bailey, and the new Bridget Jones sequel, Bridget Jones: Mad About The Boy, are upcoming movies filmed at Sky Studios Elstree. 


Ariana Grande is Glinda in Wicked, directed by Jon M. Chu (Image: Universal Pictures)


Wicked film poster (Image: Universal)


  As well as Sky Studios Elstree, Wicked also used stages at the Warner Bros. Studios Leavesden complex in Hertfordshire, best known for being the home of the Harry Potter movies.


  On the movie's release day, the studios near Watford posted on Instagram: "The Emerald City at #WBSLeavesden


  "We are rejoicifying that @wickedmovie, partially filmed at the Studios, is out in UK cinemas today! It was a pleasure to assist them on their gravity defying journey #SetLightingAndRigging"


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Warner Bros. Studios Leavesden (@wbsleavesden)






A post shared by Warner Bros. Studios Leavesden (@wbsleavesden)


  Located just down the road from the new Sky Studios Elstree is the famous Elstree Studios in Borehamwood, complete with its new Platinum Stages.


  Home to Netflix's The Crown, and where the original Star Wars and Indiana Jones movies were made, the Hertsmere Borough Council-owned Elstree Studios was also utilised by filmmakers for Wicked.


  Posting on Instagram, Elstree Studios wrote: "WICKED IS OUT NOW
  "Defying gravity on the big screen, it’s a cinematic feast! Filmed in Hertsmere and Hertfordshire, Elstree Film Studios are so proud to have played a part in creating this unforgettable experience! #therealelstreestudios #wicked #premiere #elstreestudios #film"


























                    View this post on Instagram
                
























A post shared by Elstree Studios (@elstreestudios)






A post shared by Elstree Studios (@elstreestudios)


  Huge outdoor sets for Wicked were built on location in Ivinghoe in Buckinghamshire, near Leighton Buzzard.


  A farm in the Bucks countryside was transformed into a Munchkin village with a yellow brick road, as seen from aerial shots taken when the sets were being built.


  The Shiz University set can also be seen in photos of the huge site.


  Last year, a tulip field was planted in west Norfolk as one of the filming locations for Wicked, with more than 20 acres of pink, red and white blooms, and it features in the trailer. 


  According to the Eastern Daily Press, crews were spotted in the Terrington St Clement area.


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.