Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo are said to be putting on a fake front.
Dec. 20 2024, Published 6:00 a.m. ET
The public lovefest between Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo is a Wicked lie.
That's the dirt being dished by industry insiders, who said the on-set tension between the costars of the blockbuster flick was so spellbinding that producers needed to hire a mediator to keep them from acting like witches to each other, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
"It's like Glinda vs. Elphaba in real life," said one source. "The chemistry onscreen might be magical, but behind the scenes it's a whole other story."
Erivo has admitted to struggling with her newfound notoriety since the film's success.
News of the feud is particularly shocking to fans in the wake of the bond that the two stars went out of their way to talk about in interviews, with Cynthia even saying she "gained a sister" in Ariana when she took the role. Meanwhile, Ariana has said she's become a "different person" because of their seemingly close relationship.
But Cynthia also revealed their relationship wasn't all sunshine and roses when she said, "We had really beautiful conversations, some that were not easy, but that's what makes relationships. 
Erivo, 37, apparently got fed up with 31-year-old Ariana's diva demands and resented the fact she wasn't getting the same kind of star treatment. "Cynthia is actually the lead in Wicked, but Ariana is the global superstar", said an insider. 
"Ariana's used to being the center of attention, and working as part of a team isn't her style. She doesn't do well promoting other people – even if it helps her".
Erivo is said to have grown weary of Grande’s 'diva demands' on the 'Wicked' set.
Word is that British-born Erivo, who is relatively new to American audiences, was hoping Ariana would help launch her career into the stratosphere – but our sources said the Florida-bred nightingale isn't one to share the spotlight. 
One tip-off that things are icy between the two came when Grande hosted Saturday Night Live during the run-up to Wicked's release and didn't invite Erivo to attend the show or afterparty.
Sources said Erivo hoped Grande would boost her U.S. profile, but the spotlight stayed on the blonde.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
"Cynthia felt overlooked and disrespected", said another source. Adding fuel to the fire, there are whispers that Erivo had hoped to collaborate with Grande after the movie's release, perhaps even doing a tour together.
"That will never happen", said the first insider. "Ariana doesn't share her fans or her success." There were also embarrassing reports that Grande's salary was more than TEN TIMES what Cynthia earned, but they were quickly denied by Universal Pictures reps who said they got equal pay. "Ariana's reputation isn't the best", noted an insider.
"So these Wicked reports aren't tough to believe."
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.