Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande on "Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked," airing on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024, on NBC.Giles Keyte/NBC
Ahead of the theatrical release of “Wicked” on Friday, Nov. 22, NBC is giving anxiously awaiting fans some sneak peeks into the making of Oz. A new special featuring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo, “Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked,” premieres Tuesday, Nov. 19, at 10 p.m. ET on NBC.
Watch the exclusive look for free with Fubo or DIRECTV Stream trials. It can also be streamed on Nov. 20, on Peacock.
“Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked” offers fans a behind-the-scenes look at the highly-anticipated, two-part film adaptation of the hit Broadway musical “Wicked.”
Cynthia Erivo (Elphaba) and Ariana Grande (Glinda) reveal their journey into Oz with personal footage from set and a world exclusive scene. “Wicked” cast members Michelle Yeoh (Madame Morrible), Jonathan Bailey (Fiyero), Ethan Slater (Boq), Bowen Yang (Pfannee) and Marissa Bode (Nessarose) join them along the way.
Tune in for personal memories, intimate video diaries and revealing secrets about this exciting journey. Watch the special tonight, Nov. 19, at 10/9c on NBC.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices