"i promise, i'll do my best to make it worth the wait," the pop star wrote.

													By
												

	Mitchell Peters


Ariana Grande is offering up some behind-the-scenes footage as fans eagerly await her next single.

	On Saturday (April 27), the 30-year-old pop superstar shared black-and-white footage from early recordings of her Billboard Hot 100 hit “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love),” which blasted to No. 1 on the chart in mid-March.

	“found some more behind the scenes of We Can’t Be Friends and couldn’t wait to share with you…,” the Wicked star wrote alongside the video on Instagram.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	In the clip, Grande is seen “piecing together the first two melody passes, resulting in the bridge you know today” with the assistance of co-writer and producer Max Martin. Also heard is the “first voicenote I texted to [songwriter Ilya Salmanzadeh] after he sent me the original beat,” she wrote in the post.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	The R.E.M. Beauty founder added, “this song holds such a special place in my heart and i can’t thank you enough for all of the love you’ve shown (and continue to show) it.”

	“We Can’t Be Friends” is the second single from Grande’s seventh album, Eternal Sunshine, which launched at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 chart. “Yes, And?,” the lead single from the set, released on Republic Records, premiered at the summit in January.

	Grande concluded her IG post by teasing the next single from Eternal Sunshine.

	“i know everyone is antsy and excited for the next single (so am i — literally typing this to you while working on …a something…) but i appreciate your patience, allowing wcbf to continue doing her thing. i promise, i’ll do my best to make it worth the wait,” she wrote.

	Grande’s mother, Joan Grande, took to the comments section to show her support for her daughter. “I love hearing you in the studio… pure magic! Pure genius!! Incredible… magnificent song, singer!!” she wrote. The singer’s brother, Frankie, added, “We know it’s going to be worth the wait and I’m so happy to continue celebrating WCBF! It’s a triumph!”

	Salmanzadeh, who co-wrote “We Can’t Be Friends,” noted that the recording showed “Magic in the making. Such a special record. We are lucky to know and work with U my incredibly brilliant friend!”

	In early April, exactly one month after dropped Eternal Sunshine, Grande shared additional behind-the-scenes video of her in the studio and revealed that she’s just getting started on promoting the project.

	“i cannot wait for everything that has yet to come within this eternal sunshine cycle (that has only just begun & may it never end),” she wrote. “thank you for your love.”

	










	See Grande’s “We Can’t Be Friends” behind-the-scenes footage post on Instagram below.
A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.