Ariana Grande is the seventh most-followed Instagram account in the world (nearly 400 million). She has worked in promotion and/or “brand ambassador” positions with Reebok, Givenchy, Apple and many others. She is a successful film/TV star (about to go next level with Wicked). She has her own billion-selling perfume line.        
Music is a central supporting beam to her profile maintenance. Thus, her new album, her seventh, is key content for this well-oiled brand. It does its job efficiently and, occasionally, takes flight.
One of the highlights is the single “Yes, And?”, possibly the best song Grande has ever done, a Kylie-esque, confectionery dancefloor frolic that, by December, will still holds its own against 2024’s top pop tunes. The other stand-out is “Imperfect For You”, a detuned, pared-back slowie, narcotic trap bass’n’clicks melded with doo-wop soul. The hand of Swedish super-producer/songwriter Max Martin is on the tiller throughout, so even the lesser songs on Eternal Sunshine often contain ear-interest.
The tone is somewhere between the contemplative indie-electro-pop of Taylor Swift’s Lover and the woozy, stoned-out production of Kali Uchis. It’s smoothed-out, loungey-but-bubbly girl-pop, the lyrical tone defined by the album’s very first line, “I cannot tell if I’m in the right relationship/Aren’t you supposed to know that shit?” Throughout, Grande veers between ebulliently bidding “Bye Bye” to the boys and realising that, contrarily, “you play me like Atari”.
Her voice is thin but pure (and often in thrall to Beyoncé’s stylings). Such tones are in line with her girlish elfin image. On wispy, luscious electro-balladeering such as “Supernatural”, it fits well. For the non-fan, the brain drifts off during the waftier material, but the album is still a cohesive whole, its best shots hitting their target. Albeit there’s nothing on it the match of “Yes, And?” In Ariana Grande’s world, the thrills are carefully assigned, designated by spreadsheet for maximum market reach. There’s a job to do. She does it well enough.
Below: Watch the video for "Yes. And?" by Ariana Grande
cant you criticize a woman without comparing her with 19282727x other women? that's a poor review. get better.
More information about text formats
We urgently need financing to survive. Our fundraising drive has thus far raised £33,000 but we need to reach £100,000 or we will be forced to close. Please contribute here: https://gofund.me/c3f6033d
And if you can forward this information to anyone who might assist, we’d be grateful.
Thank you for continuing to read our work on theartsdesk.com. For unlimited access to every article in its entirety, including our archive of more than 15,000 pieces, we're asking for £5 per month or £40 per year. We feel it's a very good deal, and hope you do too.
To take a subscription now simply click here.
And if you're looking for that extra gift for a friend or family member, why not treat them to a theartsdesk.com gift subscription?
Get a weekly digest of our critical highlights in your inbox each Thursday!
Simply enter your email address in the box below
View previous newsletters