If you've been online in the last few days, you'll be fully aware of the disastrous, yet mildly hilarious Wicked dolls that have gone on sale. The dolls themselves, modeled off lead characters Elphaba and Glinda, are fine, but printed on the packaging is the name of a website: Wicked.com. You'd think that takes you to a site about the movie, right? Wrong. Wicked.com is a porn site. Yikes.
Wicked, based on the beloved novel by Gregory Maguire and later turned into a hugely successful musical, is poised to be the cinematic event of the year. Starring Ariana Grande as Glinda and Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, the movie clocks in at just short of three hours. Early reviews of the film are overwhelmingly positive.
But the Mattel doll's packaging left many unsuspecting fans in utter shock. The real link should've read WickedMovie.com. Given that the movie is poised to be a big hit among younger generations especially, this blunder has had the internet up in arms. See for yourself:
The official Mattel Wicked dolls link to a porn site on the box 😭😭 pic.twitter.com/iW4mNVAlPE
Mattel has issued a plea to all parents to either discard the packaging or obscure the link. In a statement to NPR, Mattel apologized for the catastrophic error. "Mattel was made aware of a misprint on the packaging of the Mattel Wicked collection dolls, primarily sold in the U.S., which intended to direct consumers to the official WickedMovie.com landing page," the statement read. "We deeply regret this unfortunate error and are taking immediate action to remedy this."
Naturally, many folks out there are enjoying the benefits from this blunder. Sellers on eBay are selling the misprinted toy as a rare collectible for upwards of $500. Considering the toy originally retailed for $40, you've got to respect the hustle.
On a lighter, more wholesome note, a new Wicked promo takes us back to 2021 and shows us how both Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo react to being cast in the movie by director Jon M. Chu. It's so sweet!
There have been quite a few videos from Wicked going up lately. Below, get a sneak peak of Ariana Grande singing one of the hit songs from the show, "Popular":
There's actually a mistake in this lyric video, for the line, "I'll teach you the proper ploys when you talk to boys." The lyric video misprints this as, "I'll teach you the proper poise when you talk to boys."
How do we know this? Because Ariana Grande herself commented as much below the version of this video on the official Wicked Instagram account. “It’s 'ploys' !!!!!!" she wrote. "i love you @wickedmovie.” Jennafer Newberry Peery and Ginna Claire Mason, both of whom have played Glinda in stage productions of Wicked, agreed with her. "Just another Glinda here to say…. proper ploys," Peery wrote on social media, according to CNN. “The text says poise, but it’s proper ploys,” Mason put in.
Wicked premieres in theaters on November 22. Not long now, folks!
To stay up to date on everything fantasy, science fiction, and WiC, follow our all-encompassing Facebook page and Twitter account, sign up for our exclusive newsletter and check out our YouTube channel.
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.