If you just couldn't help but wonder what the 2024 Met Gala was like for Sarah Jessica Parker, allow her to explain. 
After walking the red (or rather off-white and green) carpet with BFF Andy Cohen, the Sex and the City star headed inside New York's Metropolitan Museum of Art for the May 6 soirée. However, she didn't stick around for the dinner or Ariana Grande's performance thanks to an ensemble that created a few roadblocks.
"I couldn't sit," Parker told Hoda Kotb and Jenna Bush Hager on the May 7 episode of Today. "Literally couldn't sit."
For "The Garden of Time" dress code, the 59-year-old—who acknowledged she also had prior commitments the next morning—wore a sheer dress by Richard Quinn that featured a hoop skirt along with lace and crystal detailing. (See every star's look here.)
And if you need any proof of just how hard it was to sit in the dress, SJP shared a photo of herself standing in a van as she made her way to the ball.
Even though the And Just Like That... actress—who topped off her outfit with a Philip Treacy hat—left the ball early, she was still able to peruse the exhibit "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion." In fact, she told Today "it is the most unforgettable, glorious exhibition" she's ever seen from the Costume Institute.
A post shared by SJP (@sarahjessicaparker)
The Family Stone alum also expressed how the Met Gala allows guests to mingle with other attendees they might not otherwise meet. Although, she admitted she can be "very shy."
"I've never been good at a big party," Parker continued. "I'm always afraid. I'm always nervous. If you tell me a dinner party with 12 people, I'm first to arrive. But a big party—and everybody's so famous."
Sarah Jessica Parker recaps what actually happens inside the Met Gala and what's ahead on Season 3 of "And Just Like That..." pic.twitter.com/PncrpcF045
But if you're not shy about how much you love Met Gala fashion, keep reading to see more stars' looks.
(E! and NBC News are both part of the NBCUniversal family).
Zendaya
In Maison Margiela.
Sydney Sweeney
In custom Miu Miu.
Cardi B
In Windowsen.
Kim Kardashian
In custom Maison Margiela Couture and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Jessica Biel
In Tamara Ralph.
Bad Bunny
In custom Maison Margiela.
Jodie Turner-Smith
In Burberry and Chopard jewelry.
Kylie Jenner
In custom Oscar de la Renta and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Kendall Jenner
In Givenchy Haute Couture and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Jennifer Lopez
In custom Schiaparelli Haute Couture.
Mindy Kaling
In Gaurav Gupta.
Ariana Grande
In custom Loewe and Lorraine Schwartz jewelry.
Shakira
In Carolina Herrera and Stuart Weitzman shoes.
Mona Patel
In custom Iris Van Herpen couture.
Janelle Monáe
In custom Vera Wang.
Dua Lipa
In Marc Jacobs and Tiffany & Co. jewelry.
Gabrielle Union
In custom Michael Kors.
Sarah Jessica Parker
In Richard Quinn and Philip Treacy hat.
Ayo Edebiri
In Loewe.
Gigi Hadid
in Thom Browne and Chopard.
Nicki Minaj
In Marni.
Jaden Smith
In Thome Browne.
Elle Fanning
In Balmain and Cartier jewelry.
Zendaya
In Givenchy SS96 Couture.
Ambika Mod
In Loewe.
Pamela Anderson
In Oscar de la Renta.
Cara Delevingne
In Stella McCartney.
Naomi Campbell
In custom Burberry.
FKA Twigs
In Stella McCartney.
Lea Michele
In Rodarte.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.