Ariana Grande attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California.
Ariana Grande's latest album, eternal sunshine, has inspired her fans to take her lyrics out personally on the pop star's ex-husband, Dalton Gomez. Grande made her return to music after over three years, and her first music video release since the album's March 8 release took inspiration from Jim Carrey's 2004 film Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind.
As we previously reported, the music video for "we can’t be friends" features Grande undergoing a procedure to remove “this person completely from your memory.” In the video, we take a look into her memories with her and Gomez (played by Evan Peters). This song and video may be one of the more sad songs about her heartbreak on the album, but other songs' lyrics snared the attention of protective fans.
(Photo by JC Olivera/Getty Images)
In her album title track, "eternal sunshine," Grande hints that the Los Angeles luxury real estate agent cheated on her. She sings: "I've never seen someone lie like you do. So much, even you start to think it's true." Later in the song, she adds, "Now she’s in my bed, layin’ on your chest." The singer-songwriter has since moved on with her Wicked co-star Ethan Slater, but Arianators have been inspired to leave negative online reviews about her ex-husband's business and threaten him online.
One person on X (formerly Twitter) wrote: "i don’t wanna see her like this literally ever again dalton gomez you will never have another peaceful sleep in this lifetime i promise you that." Another said: "dalton gomez you rat f@ced PIG you will pay for what you did to ariana BELIEVE THAT." A third fan, who quoted Ari's lyrics from "don't wanna break up again" said: "dalton gomez.. you are dust." One fan threatened, "ariana’s voice breaking at the end of 'i wish i hated you' dalton gomez … you have sold your LAST home."
Taking to social media after apparently being made aware of the actions, Grande, 30, wrote on her Instagram Stories: "Hi I just wanted to say anyone that is sending hateful messages to the people in my life based on your interpretation of this album is not supporting me and is absolutely doing the polar opposite of what I would ever encourage (and is entirely Misinterpreting the intention Behind the music)… I ask that you please do not. It is not how to support me. It is the opposite."
Adding more context, the pop icon said, "Although the album captures a lot of painful moments, it also is woven together with a through line of deep, sincere love. If you cannot hear that, please listen more closely. Thank you."
Grande has been busy as of late, going from the East Coast to the West. She performed "we can't be friends" and "imperfect for you" on Saturday Night Live, then made her first red carpet appearance at the Oscars after four years.
The biggest night of awards season is here at the 96th Academy Awards. Actors big and small stepped out at the 2024 Oscars, wearing their most show-stopping ensembles of the year, but not these folks. The ceremony airs live from the Dolby Theater on ABC, abc.com, or the ABC app. on Sunday, March 10, starting at a new earlier time at 7 pm ET, scheduled to end at 10:30 pm ET. Jimmy Kimmel returns as host for the fourth time. Zendaya, Michelle Pfeiffer, Nicolas Cage, and Al Pacino are among the first group of presenters for the awards ceremony. Also presenting are last year’s winners: Brendan Fraser, Michelle Yeoh, Ke Huy Quan, and Jamie Lee Curtis. Oscar winners Mahershala Ali, Jessica Lange, Matthew McConaughey, Lupita Nyong’o, and Sam Rockwell are also set to take the stage.
Fantastic films are nominated for this year’s Oscars, with Oppenheimer, Barbie, Killers of the Flower Moon, Poor Things, The Holdovers, The Color Purple, Maestro, American Fiction, and Past Lives taking a lot of nominations in the major categories. This year, 321 feature films were eligible for the Oscars, and 265 of those qualified for the Best Picture category. Oppenheimer leads the 2024 Oscar nominations with 13 nods, with Poor Things trailing behind with 11 nods and Killers of the Flower Moon with 10.
The list of confirmed performers includes Jon Batiste performing "It Never Went Away" from American Symphony, Becky G performing "The Fire Inside" from Flamin' Hot, Billie Eilish, and Finneas O'Connell performing "What Was I Made For?" from Barbie, and Scott George and the Osage Singers performing "Wahzhazhe (A Song For My People)" from Killers of the Flower Moon. As we previously reported, added to the list of performers includes Ryan Gosling and Mark Ronson performing "I'm Just Ken" from Barbie.
With winners and losers of the Oscars tonight, these stars lost before they even entered the Dolby Theater with these red carpet train wrecks. Take a look below at the 6 red-carpet disasters at the 2024 Oscars:
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Melissa McCarthy attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Aliah Anderson/Getty Images)
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Fran Drescher attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Arturo Holmes/Getty Images)
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Dwayne Johnson attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images)
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Regina King attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Aliah Anderson/Getty Images)
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Da'Vine Joy Randolph attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Mike Coppola/Getty Images)
HOLLYWOOD, CALIFORNIA - MARCH 10: Ariana Grande attends the 96th Annual Academy Awards on March 10, 2024 in Hollywood, California. (Photo by Marleen Moise/Getty Images)
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!