Every year, the Grammy nominations cause nothing but drama – but for the 2025 awards the snubs and surprises are more controversial than ever.
The big headline is that Beyoncé has received 11 nominations in total, which makes her the most nominated artist in the award’s history with 99 nods.
She was previously tied on 88 with her husband Jay Z, real name Shawn Carter, but the 99 Problems rapper might have to release a new version of his hit song to mark that feat.
Meanwhile, Taylor Swift has been nominated in the best album category for her latest release The Tortured Poets Department, overtaking Barbra Streisand for the most nods in that category – seven.
And of course it’s no surprise that Charli XCX, Chappell Roan, Kendrick Lamar, and Post Malone all received nominations after each having a whirlwind last 12 months.
But what of the artists, albums, and songs that have been overlooked for the 2025 Grammys? Here are five of the most shocking Grammys snubs this year.
Now, producer extraordinaire Jack Antonoff is hardly going to be one to complain about his lack of nominations at the 2025 Grammy Awards. 
He’s already won his fair share of gongs down the years after becoming one of the biggest pop producers in the music business, working on several successful albums and songs.
Jack’s first Grammy came in 2013 when his band Fun won both best new artist and best song for their breakout hit We Are Young, which featured Janelle Monáe.
He’s also won best rock song for his work with Annie Clark, better known by her stage name St. Vincent, and album of the year with Taylor Swift’s Folklore.
And this year he’s got credits on Taylor’s multi-nominated album The Tortured Poets Department, as well as Sabrina Carpenter’s Platinum-certified Short n’ Sweet.
But the surprise snub has come in the big category that Jack has basically made his own these past few years – producer of the year (non-classical). 
2022, 2023, and 2024 saw him win the award three years running, but this year it’s the turn of Alissia, Dernst ‘D’Mile’ Emile II, Ian Fitchuk, Mustard and Daniel Nigro.
While Ariana Grande – or Ariana Grande-Butera as she’d like to be called at the moment – has received a 2025 Grammy nom, it’s not where you’d expect.
The No Tears Left to Cry singer, 31, has been given a nomination for best pop vocal for her album Eternal Sunshine, which was released earlier this year.
She’s also received nominations for best pop duo performance and best dance pop recording for her controversial comeback single Yes, And?
But she’s completely absent from the album of the year race, which instead features breakout stars like Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter. 
@Percolode angrily tweeted: ‘The Grammys will NEVER respect Ariana’s artistry and talent as a singer, songwriter, and producer and this is the last straw.’
Charli XCX, Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, and Billie Eilish are expected nominees there, but former OutKast rapper Andre 3000’s flute album New Blue Sun is an unexpected nom.
Ariana has already won in the best pop vocal and best duo categories before, for her album Sweetener and for the single Rain On Me, with Lady Gaga.
10 years ago, Hozier’s massive hit single Take Me to Church sent him over the top and earned a song of the year nomination at the 2015 Grammy Awards.
Since then, he hasn’t been nominated for another Grammy. But after topping the Billboard charts with his song Too Sweet, people expected a repeat of 2015.
That wasn’t to be the case, however, with the song missing out on a nomination altogether, meaning Hozier has now gone a decade without a Grammy nod.
It seemed certain to be nominated in the best pop solo performance category, or maybe even record of the year, but it wasn’t to be this time around.
@ItWillComeBacks exclaimed: ‘I can’t believe I’m seeing Hozier being 100% snubbed from the Grammys after he had one of the most successful songs of the year!’
His place in the list might have been taken by none other than The Beatles, who have received their first Grammy nomination since 1997 for their song Now and Then.
Made up of old recordings captured by John Lennon in the 1970s, and remastered by AI technology, Now and Then was a UK number one in 2023.
While a Grammy award in 2025 could be added to the list of beautiful things that Benson Boone has got, fans are disappointed that he wasn’t better represented.
Booneheads had anticipated nominations in the categories for record of the year and best pop solo performance after Beautiful Things became a smash hit worldwide.
Despite being one of the few major rock hits of recent times, it didn’t even get nominated for best rock song – although some stellar names would have provided tough competition.
However, Benson hiself was nominated for best new artist, alongside the likes of Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, and Raye. 
St. Vincent, Green Day, The Black Keys, Idles, and Pearl Jam will all fight it out for the rock award, while Benson will be hoping for better luck next time.
Beautiful Things spent two weeks at number one earlier this year and only just left the top 40 this week, having been on the chart for almost 12 months.
Cher is a legendary artist whose lists of awards and accolades could fill every novel on your bookshelf 10 times over, but some fans were shocked at her absence from this year’s group of nominees.
The veteran singer and songwriter, 78, released a Christmas album late last year that many thought would be her ticket to an eighth Grammy nomination.
Some expected her to pop up in the traditional pop vocal category, but when the list of nominations were announced she was nowhere to be found. 
However, some Cher devotees understood why their favourite singer wasn’t nominated, with Christmas albums only producing seven winners down the years.
@QueMsVici said: ‘I love Cher too, but Christmas albums are the antithesis of cool. And let’s not be glass half empty here – she’s had a stunning acting career.
‘I’ve always loved her voice and her song delivery too. Go Cher! Make a better album next year?’
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Wicked movie toymaker apologises for X-rated porn link on doll packaging
Arrow
MORE: Pop icon favourite to headline Glastonbury 2025 after cancelled performance
Arrow
MORE: Cynthia Erivo’s insanely savage dig at two actresses who auditioned for Wicked