Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Lady Gaga, Jessica Chastain, Snoop Dogg, Greta Gerwig, Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo, John Legend, Chrissy Teigen, Nick Jonas and Anna Wintour were also spotted watching the gymnastics competition in Paris.

							By 

	The Associated Press


	When Biles competes, the show is in the stands too. Tom Cruise, more stars attend her Olympic return.

	The Palais Omnisports was the place to be on the second day of the Paris Olympics. To watch Simone Biles, of course, and to be seen.



	A star-studded crowd attended the return to the Olympics of Biles, the most decorated athlete in the history of gymnastics.

	Among the high-profile fans were Hollywood star Tom Cruise and Oscar-winning actor Jessica Chastain sitting under the roof of the packed Bercy Arena on Sunday.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					'Lilo & Stitch' and 'Mission: Impossible' Tracking to Sew Up Biggest Memorial Day Box Office in History		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					NBC Sports Turns to Ray Romano and Sebastian Maniscalco to Kickstart 2026 Winter Olympics Push		
			








Lady Gaga, who delivered a dazzling performance as the first musical act during the opening ceremony earlier this week, was also in the mix. The Grammy-winning performer posted a video of Biles’ routine on the beam on her Instagram account, with the caption: “She nailed it, what an honor to be so close!”

	










Snoop Dogg had front-row seats while Greta Gerwig, Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo, John Legend and Chrissy Teigen, Nick Jonas and Anna Wintour also attended Biles’ competition.

	Snoop Dogg was in a partying mood and danced during the team’s presentations. Cruise was mobbed by fans and agreed to selfies, shaking a few hands.

	Biles competed in the team’s qualifying alongside U.S teammates Jordan Chiles, Hezly Rivera, Sunisa Lee and Jade Carey. It was her first competitive appearance in Paris, where she will try to add to her already impressive tally of seven Olympic medals.

	Despite discomfort in her left leg, the American gymnastics superstar posted an all-around total of 59.566 and the Americans scored a 172.296, well clear of the field.

	Also in attendance were USA snowboarder Shaun White and his girlfriend Nina Dobrev. Athletes across the Olympic spectrum have said they want to make it a point to catch the most decorated gymnast of all time in what could be the final competition of her unparalleled career. Among them: LeBron James and the U.S. men’s basketball team, which was busy Sunday with Olympic qualifying.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.