Username
Password
Remember me
Forgot your password?

                                Subscribe today to gain access to every Research Intelligencer article we publish as well as the exclusive daily newsletter, full access to The MediaPost Cases, first-look research and daily insights from Joe Mandese, Editor in Chief.
                            
If you're already a paid subscriber, please sign-in.
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
Log in if you are already a member
Username  
                                    
Password  
                                      Forgot?
 Image above: The film's star,
Cynthia Erivo, models Emerald Butterfly Earrings, part of Muse's Wicked-themed jewelry collection.
The number of brands that have partnered with NBCUniversal, attempting to harness some
of the hype behind the studio’s theatrical “Wicked” adaptation, is enough to make Barbie blush.
Given the family-friendly nature of the film – which debuted in U.S.
theaters last weekend and has already grossed over $128 million, according to Box Office Mojo – it’s no surprise to see a line of dolls and toys from the film’s “master
partners” Mattel and LEGO, alongside adjacent brands like Fisher-Price, Funko, Hallmark, and Hasbro.
But like “Barbie” before it, the partnerships, handled through the company’s Universal
Products & Experiences division, span well beyond  conventional products like apparel and accessories. Other key collabs reach into categories such as beauty (Glinda portrayer Ariana
Grande’s R.E.M. Beauty, naturally, is a key partner), food, and lifestyle brands. There’s also a long list of “Wicked” retail partners, including Amazon, Marks & Spencer,
Primark, Target, Tesco, and Walmart -- many of which include exclusive product lines.
advertisement
advertisement
“Wicked”-obsessed consumers can get their hands on everything from “Wicked”
branded sunglasses and Stanley cups to diamond jewelry and designer fashion -- or even cocktails.
Below are just five of the more noteworthy brand collaborations for the film.
Bloomingdale’s
There are nearly 500 items listed as part of the Wicked holiday collection on the  retailer’s website (although not all of them appear to have a
direct connection to the film). That includes a significant number of items exclusive to Bloomingdales, including an Aqua x Wicked capsule collection from the retailer’s in-house fashion brand,
comprised of around 60 pieces.
Crocs
Footwear famously factors into the plot of “The Wizard of Oz,” so it would seem a natural fit for the franchise. While their
kicks may be a far cry from ruby red slippers, Crocs has consistently cashed in on brand collaborations, so it’s not surprising to see it partnering with NBCUniversal’s new blockbuster.
The Crocs x Wicked collection exclusively available on Crocs’ website features Glinda and Elphaba-themed clogs, as well as a series of the brand’s Jibbitz accessories.
Muse x
Cynthia Erivo Have A Heart x ‘Wicked’
Erivo, who stars as Elphaba in the film, teamed up with the fine jewelry brand on one of the more upscale releases from
“Wicked” partners as part of Muse’s “Have a Heart” initiative. The least expensive item in the collection is the Turquoise Split Heart Charm, listed for $245. The Big Ram
Totem necklace, with diamonds, emeralds, green tourmaline, and cat eye tourmaline, is top of the line at $36,300. That money does go to a good cause, though. The collection will benefit Dreams of
Hope, an organization chosen by Erivo, which is devoted to empowering LGBTQIA+ youth through the arts.
Pernod Ricard
Fans who indulge too heavily with this co-branded release
may face a wicked hangover. Pernod Ricard -- Universal Pictures’ “official spirits partner” for the movie--– is offering an exclusive “Wicked Cocktails Straight from
Oz” kit. The release includes the necessary ingredients and recipes to make an assortment of themed cocktails: Absolut x Ozmopolitan, Absolut Kahlúa x Ozspresso Martini, Malibu x Popular
Pink Punch, Skrewball x Thrillifying Nutty Elixir; and an Absolut x Wickedly Dirty Martini inspired by Absolut partner Evan Ross Katz. The kit also include a coupon code for discounted tickets to see
“Wicked” in theaters.
Target 
Target lists around 300 ‘Wicked’ related items on its website. The retailers’ exclusives include a fashion and home
collection from the film’s costume designer, Paul Tazewell. The chain also leveraged its partnership with Stanley to offer an exclusive line of the brand’s viral tumbler bottles themed
around each of the movie’s main characters. Unsurprisingly, these are selling quickly.
advertisement