23 November 2024

Ariana Grande first saw a therapist at the age of eight.
Ariana Grande first saw a therapist when she was eight years old
The 31-year-old pop star was so affected by the divorce of her parents when she was a child that she ended up talking to a professional and still believes in the practice of seeking help today. 
She is quoted by The Sun on Sunday's Bizarre column as saying: "I first saw a therapist when I was eight after my parents’ divorce — but I don’t think I was really mature enough to process things.
“But as I have gotten older, my therapist has been everything to me."
The 'Into You' hitmaker previously claimed that therapy sessions had been "life-saving" for her and called for mental health services to be made available for free so that even those that can't afford the expensive appointments can benefit from them.

She said: "Therapy has saved my life. That is why I am so passionate about making therapy and mental health services available for all.

"It shouldn’t just be for those that can afford it."

Meanwhile, Ariana is now starring as Glinda in the adaptation of the Broadway musical 'Wicked' - which is the unofficial prequel to Judy Garland classic 'The Wizard of Oz' - and noted how she and her co-star Cynthia Erivio have become "so emotional" amid the release of the film.

She said: "We have become such criers — especially in the last few weeks.

"As we have been able to see the final product of what we have done, as we have been able to see people’s reactions to the movie — it’s just been so emotional."

Ariana noted that Cynthia - who plays the misunderstood green girl Elphba in the film - has become a "sister" to her and believes that they have created a bond that will last a lifetime.

She said: "Cynthia and myself just randomly burst out crying — but don’t worry, they are good tears!

“Honestly, she has become my sister.#

"The first time we met we had what we thought would be a short conversation about what we wanted to achieve creatively — and it ended up with us talking for hours, bonding over so many things.

“Creatively we wanted to do all we could — but we also decided early on that we would be there during shooting for each other — no matter what.

“I am so proud of what everybody on Wicked has achieved — but the greatest thing for me is that I have gained a sister for life.”


Tagged in  Judy Garland
Ariana Grande


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.10983s v4.2 - 2025-05-03 21:13:21