Singing and dancing along with his friends to Ariana Grande, this is Martyn Hett before he lost his life in the Manchester Arena bombing.
The footage, filmed during the concert by one of his friends, was shown at public inquiry into the terror attack in September 2021. And even in the sombre, and sober surroundings of the courtroom, the 29-year-old's life was remembered with smiles and laughter.
On the afternoon of the concert, on May 22, 2017, Martyn enjoyed drinks with his pals as they celebrated him going on a 'trip of a lifetime' to America. Tragically he never made it there.
Martyn, 29, was one of 22 people who were killed when a suicide bomb was detonated in the foyer of the arena, as the Ariana Grande concert came to close. Following his death tributes flooded in for the popular and outgoing PR manager, from Stockport.
Martyn had hundreds of friends and had built up a large following online after a number of appearances on TV, including on Come Dine With Me, where alongside his boyfriend he won £1,000. But he was perhaps best-known as a Corrie superfan, with his flat said to be decked out with memorabilia.
One morning, 'still drunk from the night before', he'd had the name Deidre tattooed on his ankle in honour of his favourite Coronation Street character. In 2015 appeared on the TV show Tattoo Fixers to have it covered up - with an even bigger image of Deidre Barlow behind bars.
It became a kind of calling card for Martyn. And on the day of the attack the tattoo was still being discussed when he was featured on BBC Five Live as the presenters asked if anyone other Corrie superfans could match his dedication to the show.
Paying tribute to him during the inquiry Martyn's dad Paul said his son's life was 'vibrant and full of energy'. "Martyn crammed more into his 29 years than most of us do in a lifetime," he added. "His memory will shine brightly forever."
Following his death, Martyn's mum Figen threw herself into campaigning for a law that would improve safety and security at venues in the UK. Named Martyn's Law, in honour of her son, it would require venues with a capacity of more than 200 to take steps to ensure they have a plan in place in case of an attack on their premises.
On the seventh anniversary of the attack Figen walked the 200 miles from the arena to Downing Street. There she met with then-PM Rishi Sunak, who told her Martyn's Law would be passed by this summer.
But later on the same day, he called the general election, meaning the previous Bill could not be passed. Sir Keir Starmer personally promised Figen he would pick up Martyn's Law and bring it into force as soon as possible.
Today, the PM made good on that vow.
The legislation means that a new duty would be placed on premises and public events, requiring them to take appropriate action to strengthen public safety, with requirements reflecting the size of the venue and the activity taking place. The Home Office says premises 'will be required to fulfil necessary but proportionate steps, according to their capacity, to help keep the public safe'.
Premises with a capacity of between 200 and 799 will be asked to put in place 'simple yet effective' procedures to reduce harm to the public the event of an attack - such as training staff to lock doors, close shutters and identify a safe route to cover. Venues with a capacity of 800 or more will need to put in place measures such as CCTV or hiring security staff.
Security minister Dan Jarvis said: "We are determined to strengthen security at public events and venues and passing Martyn’s Law will be vital step forward in this objective. Today’s Bill is the result of a considerable amount of consultation, consideration and collaboration. I look forward to working with colleagues in Parliament to deliver this important legislation."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.