By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:57, 24 December 2024   |  Updated:  07:57, 24 December 2024   
 16
View  comments
Ariana Grande surprised hospitalized children in Manchester, England, with gifts ahead of Christmas.
The 31-year-old singer's festive gesture of goodwill comes nearly 7 years after a suicide bomber detonated an explosive device at the Manchester Arena stop of her Dangerous Woman Tour in 2017.
On Monday, the Manchester Foundation Trust Charity took to Instagram to share photos of youngsters who received gifts that were disbursed throughout hospitals in the city thanks to the One Last Time hitmaker.
'Thank you @arianagrande! ✨✨✨,' the charity captioned the post. 'We are so grateful to Ariana for thinking of our young patients this Christmas.'
'The gifts she has donated are being distributed to babies, children and teenagers across Royal Manchester Children's Hospital, Trafford General Hospital, Wythenshawe Hospital and North Manchester General Hospital. @mftnhs,' it read.
The charity also shared photos of nurses in colored Santa hats distributing the brown and green wrapped gifts adorned with festive string bows and a card that read 'Happy Holiday.'
Ariana Grande, 31, surprised hospitalized children in Manchester with gifts ahead of the holidays; seen in December
On Monday, the Manchester Foundation Trust Charity took to Instagram to share photos of youngsters who received gifts bought by Ariana that were disbursed throughout hospitals in the city
The Wicked star — who said in 2018 that she thought about the horrific bombing every day — is no stranger to donating gifts to the hospital system as she performed the same kind of charitable gesture in 2022.
The We Can't Be Friends songstress holds a special place in her heart for Manchester after 22 fans lost their lives and hundreds were injured in a suicide bombing commited by 22-year-old Salman Abedi at her May 2017 show.
To fundraise for families affected by the tragedy, Ariana funded the funerals of those who lost their lives, and she also rallied the music world to host One Love Manchester just one month later.
Held on June 4, 2017, at the Emirates Old Trafford Cricket Ground, the benefit concert brought together artists including Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber, Katy Perry, Coldplay and Pharrell Williams for the televised fundraiser.
Those were were in attendance at Ariana's terrorized concert received free tickets to the event. In total, One Love Manchester raised over £17 million for the victims and their families. 
A year after the devastation in 2018, Ariana wrote in a tweet: 'I love you with all of me and am sending you all of the light and warmth I have to offer on this challenging day.'
Fans rushed to the comments to share their support for the children and the pop star for remembering the city and continuing to show her support.
'She’s the very best! ❤️❤️❤️,' one fan wrote. Another chimed in, 'This is why we love Ariana. Merry Christmas.'
The charity also shared photos of nurses in colored Santa hats distributing the brown and green wrapped gifts adorned with festive string bows and a card that read 'Happy Holiday'
'Thank you @arianagrande! ✨✨✨,' the charity wrote. 'We are so grateful to Ariana for thinking of our young patients this Christmas'
'The gifts she has donated are being distributed to babies, children and teenagers across Royal Manchester Children's Hospital, Trafford General Hospital, Wythenshawe Hospital and North Manchester General Hospital,' the charity added
The singer's festive gesture comes nearly 7 years after a suicide bomber detonated an explosive device at the Manchester Arena stop of her Dangerous Woman Tour in May 2017; the scene on May 22, 2017, in Manchester
22 fans lost their lives and hundreds were injured after 22-year-old suicide bomber Salman Abedi committed the unimaginable at her 2017 show; tributes are pictured on May 29, 2017
To fundraise for families affected by the tragedy, Ariana funded the funerals of those who lost their lives; a memorial is pictured on May 29, 2017
She rallied the music world to host the One Love Manchester fundraiser just one month after; seen in June 2017
Soaking up the holiday spirit, Ariana surprised fans with a live version of her Christmas pop hit Santa Tell Me on Monday for the Eternal Sunshine Sessions series promoting her record.
'Celebrating ten years of Santa Tell Me!' she wrote via her Instagram Stories with a link to the video. 
'Thank you so much for all the love you have shown this record over the past decade. Wishing you all a happy happy holiday!' 
According to People, the song hit the Billboard Hot 100's top 10 at No. 9 for the first time since its November 2014 release.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have been moderated in advance.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group