Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Both standard and singalong versions of Wicked are playing in theaters.
POPULAR
Wicked has crossed a new milestone. According to data from Box Office Mojo, part one of the big-screen Broadway adaptation has become one of the top 50 highest-grossing movies in the United States of all time, currently sitting at No. 49. Moana 2, the hit Disney sequel, isn't too far behind at No. 64. 
As of December 26, Wicked has grossed $392.4 million domestically and is expected to pass the $400 million mark before leaving theaters. It was announced earlier today that the movie will be coming to digital platforms in just a few short days on December 31. The Blu-ray and physical media release is set for February 4. 
In addition to standard screenings, select theaters have begun to host special sing-along screenings. This special presentation will include all the film's celebrated musical numbers with on-screen lyrics, allowing audiences to join in with the performances that have captivated viewers worldwide, along with a special introduction from Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande.
Wicked, the untold story of the witches of Oz, stars Erivo as Elphaba who is misunderstood because of her unusual green skin and has yet to discover her true power. Grande plays Glinda, a popular young woman, gilded by privilege and ambition, who has yet to discover her true heart. 
The two meet as students at Shiz University in the fantastical Land of Oz and forge an unlikely but profound friendship. After encountering The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, their friendship reaches a crossroads, and their lives take very different paths. 
The Wicked film adaptation stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba, Ariana Grande as Glinda, Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Jeff Goldblum as The Wizard, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, Ethan Slater as Boq, and Marissa Bode as Nessarose. The first part was released on November 22, 2024, with Wicked: For Good hitting theaters on November 21, 2025.
In Operation Mincemeat, it’s 1943, and the Allied Forces are on the ropes. Luckily, they’ve got a trick up their sleeve. Well, not up their sleeve, per se, but rather inside the pocket of a stolen corpse. Equal parts farce, thriller, and Ian Fleming-style spy caper (with an assist from Mr. Fleming himself), Operation Mincemeat tells the wildly improbable and hilarious true story of the covert operation that turned the tide of WWII.
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy