Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande on "Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked," airing on Tuesday, Nov. 19, 2024, on NBC.Giles Keyte/NBC
“Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked” premieres on Tuesday, November 19 (11/19/2024) at 10 p.m. ET. A live stream of the NBC special can be found on fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV stream (free trial), and more TV services listed below.
NBC News released a sneak peek of the premiere. “Filmed on the movie’s eye-popping Emerald City set, the hour-long television event features interviews with main members of the cast — Cynthia Erivo (Elphaba), Ariana Grande (Glinda), and Jeff Goldblum (the Wizard) among others — who will share “personal memories, intimate video diaries, and revealing secrets about their personal journeys through the making of the Universal Pictures film,” reads the official release. In addition, eager audience members can check out an exclusive, ‘thrillifying’ snippet from the final movie, as well as Wicked-themed ads courtesy of brand sponsors like Lexus and Target.”
Cord cutters can stream “Defying Gravity: The Curtain Rises on Wicked” on fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV stream (free trial), and Sling (free trial).
According to NBC, “Dateline is NBC’s signature newsmagazine, bringing viewers storytelling at its best. Our stories range from compelling mysteries to powerful documentaries and in-depth investigations. When major news breaks, we go to the scene, putting the pieces together to bring you the full picture. And in every story we tell, we help the real people who lived the events share their journeys with you. On the air since 1992, Dateline is the longest-running prime-time program on NBC.”
fuboTV - FuboTV offers one of the widest selections of channels among live TV streaming services. More than 190 channels, including all the sports and entertainment you love, plus sports add-ons for those niche networks you rely on, and it all starts with a free trial.
DirecTV Stream - It’s a subscription streaming service that lets you watch live TV from major broadcast and popular cable networks. Enjoy local and national live sports, breaking news and must-see shows the moment they air. Included: unlimited cloud DVR storage space so you can record as many shows as you want and stream them from wherever you go. DTV Stream starts at $79.98 per month but has a free-trial offer.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices