The xx singer took to the Woodsies stage to perform hits off her new album 'Mid Air'
Romy has graced Glastonbury‘s Woodsies stage today (June 30) with a lush, romantic setlist – here’s what she played this year.
The xx member took to Woodsies a day after her surprise appearance with Jessie Ware to play through hits from her latest album, ‘Mid Air‘, including ‘Enjoy Your Life’ and ‘She’s On My Mind’.
Romy took to the stage at the beginning of her set to congratulate the crowd for making it to the last day of the festival: “You’ve made it to Sunday, you’re all legends… let’s keep it going!”
She also acknowledged her performing on the last day of Pride, adding: “This is for all my queers in the crowd… Let’s go lesbians!”
Along with her remix of Ariana Grande‘s ‘Into You’, Romy also covered The xx’s ‘Angels’, before closing out with her Fred again.. collaboration ‘Strong’. Check out the full setlist down below:
‘Weightless’
‘Lifetime’
‘The Sea’
‘She’s On My Mind’
‘Angels’
‘Twice’
‘Did I’
‘Into You’ (Ariana Grande remix)
‘Always Forever’
‘Loveher’
‘Enjoy Your Life’
‘Lights Out’
‘Strong’
In other Glastonbury news, Paloma Faith paid tribute to Amy Winehouse with a cover ‘Back To Black’ during her performance at the Pyramid stage. Elsewhere, fans have been sharing their love for Gossip following their eruptive set at Glastonbury – which saw them call out the US government.
Still yet to come this weekend at Glastonbury 2024 are performances from SZA, The National, Two Door Cinema Club, Justice, Nia Archives, James Blake, and more.
Coldplay‘s electric headlining set on Saturday scored them a four-star review. Little Simz‘s Pyramid performance marked her bid as a future headliner, while Camila Cabello turned in a chaotic performance.
Check back at NME for the latest Glastonbury 2024 news, reviews, interviews, photos, rumours and more. Check out the NME liveblog here for all the latest Glastonbury action as it happens.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.