ByChris Malone Méndez
ByChris Malone Méndez,
 Contributor. 
Ariana Grande | David Crotty/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
A lot has changed since Ariana Grande released her sixth studio album Positions in 2020. The Grammy-winning vocalist got married, got divorced, launched and built her R.E.M. beauty brand, and filmed the highly anticipated Wicked movie due out this Thanksgiving. After her divorce, Grande began focusing on her next album Eternal Sunshine, out now.
Fans first got a taste of the project this January with lead single “Yes, And?” Unlike her previous records, Grande is the sole writer on almost the entire album, and her lyrics speak to both the heartbreak and the joy that she’s experienced in recent years. Songs like “I Wish I Hated You” and “Don’t Wanna Break Up Again” and new single “We Can’t Be Friends (Wait For Your Love)” take listeners on that same emotional journey throughout the LP’s 35-minute runtime.
When speaking with Apple Music about the project, she explained that the titular inspiration of Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind wasn’t an accident. The music video for “We Can’t Be Friends,” for example, places Grande in a similar story of erasing her fond memories of an old relationship.
“I think the movie is so beloved because so many people can relate to knowing that something isn’t right, but loving so much, and wanting to stay, and wanting to figure it out, and that cycle that can happen,” she confessed.
“I think it kind of fell into place that these songs had little tidbits of that theme,” the admitted Jim Carrey fan added. “I just felt really inspired by it.”
She went on to share that she had a “very interesting relationship to music” before filming Wicked, but recording the album while production was on hold during last year’s SAG-AFTRA strike helped her rediscover her passion for creating.
“I’ve loved every minute of making this album—the videos, rehearsing, putting the rollout together, doing the photo shoots, every single part of it,” she said proudly. “More than ever before in my life, I've been able to be so much more present and enjoy it and savor it this time in a way that I don't think I was able to before.”