By Armando Tinoco 
Staff Writer

Ariana Grande apologized to Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) for allegedly snubbing her years ago.

	Elvira is back at Knott’s Scary Farm, and at a fan Q&A, she was asked about any encounters with other celebrities. The “Mistress of the Dark” recounted a story with Grande, in which the singer attended one of her events for Halloween.

	Elvira said that she accommodated Grande’s guests and took photos with every single one of them. After she was done, Elvira asked Grande to take a picture with her, but the singer for “We Can’t Be Friends” said she didn’t “really do that.”





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	













	News
	



	
		
					'Wicked: For Good' First Look: Galinda Exclaims "Elphaba, They're Coming For You!" - CinemaCon 		
			















	News
	



	
		
					Oscars TV Review: Conan O'Brien Nails It In Hosting Debut On A Night Of Celebration For Cinema, L.A. & Gene Hackman		
			







	After Elvira shared screenshots of the story on her Instagram, Grande clarified things in the comments section.

	










			Watch on Deadline		






	“I’m so disheartened to see this,” Grande wrote. “I actually don’t even remember getting the chance to meet you because I had an anxiety attack and to my memory, left before the rest of my family (this was around 7 years ago and at the time i was really not great with being in public crowds or loud places).” 

RELATED: ‘SNL’: Ariana Grande & Dana Carvey Impersonate Jennifer Coolidge & Almost Break Character

	Grande continued, “But if i’m misremembering this moment, i sincerely apologize for offending you so.thank you for being so nice to my mom, she told me how lovely you were (she might have different feelings about that now but i’ll talk to her… clearly, we all have our days!).”

	She ended the note by saying, “Sending love always. You’ll always be our queen of Halloween.”
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.