Morgan Wallen has been pelted with a pair of panties. 
During his One Night at a Time tour show in Minneapolis, Minn., June 21, the "Last Night" singer was hit in the face by a fan's thong after it was thrown onto the stage. 
As the country star sang "I Had Some Help"—his latest collaborative project with Post Malone—he leaned down to one side of the catwalk before the underwear was flung into his face. The 31-year-old quickly recovered, grabbing the thong off his face and smirking briefly before turning to the opposite side of the stage. 
While Morgan, who wore a pair of skinny jeans, black cowboy boots, a black button up shirt and a trucker's hat during his June 21 performance, was not hurt by the flying undergarment, he quickly tossed them back off the stage before ascending back up the catwalk to finish his song. 
The fiasco happened just before the midpoint of the concert, and Morgan was able to continue performing without much interruption.
However, flying objects thrown onto stages has been an issue for performers for many years—with Steve Lacy, Harry Styles, Ariana Grande and many others having their fair share of objects flung onstage during their shows. Bebe Rexha, who was hit with a fan's phone last July, even suffered from a black eye following the disruption. 
After being charged with assault, the 27-year-old who threw his phone at the "Meant To Be" singer stated through a lawyer that it was "never his intention" to hurt Bebe, only to get her to take some photos on his device. Even so, some musicians including Taylor Swift, have spoken out against the popular fan gesture—citing the harm it can cause whether they are hit or not.
"It really freaks me out when stuff gets thrown on the stage, because if it's on the stage then a dancer can trip on it," Taylor explained during an Eras Tour concert in November after an object landed near her piano while performing. "I love that you brought presents and that is so nice, but just can you please not throw them on the stage. I love you so much."
Keep reading for more artists' reactions to getting hit with objects on stage.
The Jonas Brothers member had to send out an S.O.S and ask fans to stop throwing things on stage after two bracelets almost hit him at a California stop on the group's tour. 
In case it wasn't clear, Cardi B does not like it like that. When a front row patron splashed their drink on the performer mid-set at Drai's Beachclub in Las Vegas July 29, she responded by throwing her microphone. The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department said in a statement that an unidentified woman reported a battery case the day after the concert, but noted no arrest or citations have been issued. On Aug. 3, Cardi's lawyers told TMZ that police informed them no chargers would be filed against the singer.
Baby, Bebe Rexha is gonna have the best f--kin' night of her life no matter what happens. Struck in the face when a man at her June show in NYC threw a phone, she later posted a photo of her injured eye, writing, "Im good."Todd A Spodek, a lawyer for Nicolas Malvagna, who was arrested and charged with assault, told TMZ, "As a fan, Mr. Malvagna's sole intention was to have Ms. Rexha take photos with his phone, and return it as a keepsake. It was never his intention to injure Ms. Rehxa."
Kelsea Ballerini didn't find it all that charming when someone tossed jewelry up on stage during a June performance in Idaho. "Someone threw a bracelet, it hit me in the eyes," she wrote on Instagram Stories days later, "and it more so just scared me than hurt me."
Listen, she's not that sweet. Ava Max had words for the man who assaulted her during an L.A. performance this past June. "He slapped me so hard that he scratched the inside of my eye," the "Sweet but Psycho" singer wrote on Twitter. "He's never coming to a show again."
Pink thought the fan who randomly passed her a wheel of Brie while she was singing at at the British Summer Time Festival in London this past June was kinda grate. "What the f--k," the musician said, as she reached for the dairy. "I wanna kiss you on the mouth."But just give us a reason for why another fan tossed a bag of ashes the very next day. "This is your mom?" the "What About Us" singer asked. "I don't know how to feel about this."
A sign of the times? Harry Styles had to get away from numerous flying objects during his recently wrapped Love on Tour, including, inexplicably, a handful of Skittles at a 2022 show in Los Angeles. A rep for the taste the rainbow brand later tweeted, "Didn't think I needed to say this: Please don't throw Skittles."
What a boob. As Billie Eilish sang "Lost Cause" at a February 2022 show, one fan tossed a set of false boobs at her. But proving that she's, uh, breast under pressure, the seven-time Grammy winner flung them back into the crowd and kept going. 
Uh, guys, he warned you. Moments after Kid Cudi told the crowd at his 2022 Rolling Loud set, "Yo, I'm going to walk off this stage, if y'all throw one more f--king thing up here, I will leave," he was pegged with yet another object. So he left. 
Arianators were left feeling sour after Ariana Grande was beaned with a lemon while headlining Coachella in 2019. And though the singer was definitely not so into it, into it, into it, she brushed off the fruit, telling the crowd, "One of ya'll threw a lemon at me, s--t."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.