Ariana Grande's tattoo collection spans countless designs, many of which carry deep meanings or commemorate significant events in her life.
This sentiment shines through in pieces such as the bee tattoo behind her ear, which she got as a tribute to Manchester following the tragic 2017 Manchester Arena concert bombing.
The bee is a symbol of Manchester’s resilience. Grande shared a photo the ink on social media with the word “forever,” signifying her powerful connection to the fans who experienced the traumatic event with her.
But that bee tattoo is just one of many the pop star and acclaimed Wicked actress has on her body.
Ariana Grande boasts over 50 tattoos as a form of personal and creative expression.
"When they [tattoo ideas] come to me, I just get them," she told Allure magazine about her ink inspiration in 2023.
While the pop star loves her tats, not every design has been a winner.
In January 2019, Grande faced an unusual mishap with a tattoo meant to honor her song "7 Rings." Written in Japanese characters, the tattoo was intended to read “7 Rings” but instead translated to "small charcoal grill" or "small barbecue grill."
READ MORE: 25 Celebrities Who Had Tattoo Regret
After fans pointed out the mistake, Grande addressed it on social media, explaining she had intentionally left out some characters due to the pain of the tattooing process. She later tried to correct the tattoo by adding additional characters but acknowledged the final version was still not entirely accurate.
Despite the mix-up, Grande embraced the lightheartedness of the situation, writing in a since-deleted tweet, “It’s still cute,”​ and joking that she was a "fan" of tiny grills.
Ariana Grande, who plays Glinda in the Wicked film franchise, had to cover all of her exposed tattoos while filming since the character does not have any ink.
Some of the tattooed areas she needed to cover included her shoulder, neck, ear, hands and arms.
In a behind-the-scenes video clip taken while shooting the first Wicked film, Grande showed off how makeup artists expertly covered her many tattoos on set.
"Tattoo time! I have to cover quite a bit, my hands are pretty covered [in tattoos]. It depends on the costume, because sometimes I wear gloves and stuff," Grande explained.
Gallery Credit: Jacklyn Krol