When you scroll through the comments on any social media post about the new Wicked movie, all you see are positive comments about how amazing the movie is.
Call me a skeptic, but historically, Broadway musicals turned movies usually are kind of sort of terrible.
I'm looking at you Cats (which depresses me so much because it's my favorite musical).
I thought, perhaps, that negative comments were being hidden to help promote the movie.
I grew up going to Broadway shows, I honestly can't even count how many. There are a few I've seen multiple times, Phantom of the Opera taking the top spot with 3 times.
When Wicked first came to Broadway there was a Girl Scout trip hosted by my local council, so my dad and I went.
We were very fortunate to see Idina Menzel play Elphaba and Kristin Chenoweth play Glinda.
Could Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo hold a candle to the original Broadway cast?
When the cast was announced, I was very excited to see Cynthia Erivo play Elphaba. I was first introduced to Cynthia's incredible voice with a video of her in The Color Purple. She has a truly remarkable voice.
However, when I saw that they were splitting Act One and Act Two into two different movies and that they extended Act One to a 2-hour and 40-minute run time, I thought that this was going to be terrible.
The Broadway show's run time is only 2 hours and 45 minutes, including a 15-minute intermission.
After sitting through the 2-hour and 40-minute movie last night, I can confirm that they did it perfectly.
Seriously, when they got to the final scene of the movie I thought to myself that I couldn't believe it was almost over. Everything they added just added more to the story and didn't feel like they dragged it along too long.
I cried throughout the movie, from start to finish. Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo were perfect in their roles as Glinda and Elphaba. Their voices were outstanding and their acting was incredible.
It had me entranced from start to finish.
This morning I relistened to "Defying Gravity" from the movie soundtrack and cried again.
Don't look up the soundtrack if you don't want anything spoiled before you see the movie.
Jonathan Bailey exudes a charism I haven't seen on screen before. Jeff Goldblum is perfect as The Wizard, he was the one I was worried most about. Michele Yeoh always commands the screen and she does so masterfully in this movie.
Every single actor is perfect for their character. The casting team killed it.
The sets are exquisite. The costumes are gorgeous.
If I could give it higher than a 10 out of 10 I would and I am not even trying to exaggerate for effect. It is a perfect screen adaptation of one of the most popular musicals on Broadway.
I just hate that I have to wait a year for Act Two.
Gallery Credit: Jahna Michal
Stop scrolling if you don't want a spoiler at the end.