Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
'Wicked' co-stars Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo garnered an extremely close relationship while filming the musical adaptation.
Dec. 4 2024, Published 2:00 p.m. ET
Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande have some fans believing they have taken their Wicked close friendship to the next level.
The stars of the new musical adaptation of the Broadway smash have sparked "lesbian lover" rumors after revealing their matching tattoos and getting extra touchy-feely during recent press appearances, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
Grande and Erivo have been seen holding hands and touching in many of their recent interviews for the new 'Wicked' film.
Wicked, which was released in theaters on November 22, stars Erivo, 37, as green-skinned protagonist Elphaba Throppe, and Grande, 31, as her enemy-turned-bestie Galinda Upland – later known as Glinda the Good Witch.
The co-stars have been candid about the emotional journey they’ve experienced over the past few years working on the film, fueling fan speculation about a possible romance between them.
Tony winner Erivo said she and Grande often end up 'hand-in-hand' and that she's gotten used to it.
They even got a series of matching tattoos while filming the movie, including the words "For Good" written on their palms. 
The two shared that when they hold hands, the words – which is also the title of Elphaba and Glinda's emotional duet toward the end of the show – align perfectly.
Both Grande and Erivo also have matching poppy flower tattoos on their hands, which were symbolic in both the original The Wizard of Oz and their new film.
Other Wicked-inspired tats include Grande's illustration of Glinda in L. Frank Baum's original The Wizard of Oz book and Erivo's witch hat and broomstick.
The co-stars have gotten a few matching tattoos, including poppy flowers on the side of their hands.
But their closeness hasn't just been apparent through their permanent souvenirs from their time with the movie – the best friends have also been seen getting extremely close while doing press interviews.
Some fans have been questioning whether they are romantically involved, with one asking on X: "Are they friends or lovers?"
Another wrote: "Happily divorced, grammy winner and talented singer and songwriter Ariana Grande with her new lover… a Grammy, Tony and Emmy award winner Cynthia Erivo. We wish the couple the best."
Someone else said: "Ariana and Cynthia’s interviews make Wicked seem like a lesbian love story movie."
Meanwhile, others have labeled the two as "platonic soulmates" and have praised the stars' closeness to have translated on the big screen.
The two have a very strong physical connection, with Erivo opening up about how they are able to communicate with touch.
The Tony Award winner said in a new interview: "I think I'm sort of used to it now. If it's not like connected, I'm like, what's wrong? What's happening? Where are you? You know what I mean?
"We always end up... we walk hand-in-hand very often. Like, if we're not walking hand-in-hand, we'll find each other somewhere."
Erivo, who began dating partner Lena Waithe, also an actress, around 2020, shut down rumors regarding a possible romance with the Thank You, Next hitmaker.
She explained: "I think we assume that physical connection can only be romantic. I think we don't realize that how we communicate sometimes is by physical touch."
She and co-star Ariana Grande quickly became besties on set.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Erivo continued: "Like sometimes you can't say anything and you're in a room and you're like, I just that it's just like a squeeze of hand and that's sometimes how she and I communicate, we might be talking to someone or I might need to, like, communicate something to her.
"And I'm, it's just a squeeze of the hand or just like a pinch of a finger, you know, or a hug. It just, you know, whatever we, however we need to communicate, it is how we need to communicate.
"And I think we don't give enough credit to how we communicate with our friends physically."
Grande has also sparked up a romance with her Wicked co-star Ethan Slater following her divorce from Dalton Gomez.
The singer was quickly labeled as a "homewrecker", with reports saying she was hooking up with Slater when he was still a married man and less than a year after the actor welcomed his first child with his wife.
Part 2 of the 'Wicked' film will be released in theaters next November, one year after Part 1's release.
While the couple has kept their relationship on the down-low, he and Grande did just fly back to Boca Raton, Florida, to watch Wicked in Grande's hometown movie theater with her grandma.
Part 2 of the Wicked film is set to have its theater release in November 2025, with many more press interviews sure to come around the same time next year.
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.