Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Check out our list of Wizard of Oz spin-offs to watch before the Wicked movie!
POPULAR
In the years since L. Frank Baum published his first Land of Oz novel in 1900, dozens of writers and creators have taken their own swing at the wonderful world that the author created. There have been books, comics, video games, movies, and television shows all set in the fantastical setting of Emerald City.
Of all the methods of storytelling, the visual medium seems to be the most prominent. Year after year, theater makers continue to stage productions, both professional and amateur, adding their unique spin to this ever-growing list. In 2003, Gregory Maguire's novel Wicked, a prequel to Baum's original tale, made its way to the Broadway stage. Since that time, it has become one of the most successful musicals of all time, touring all over the world. 
However, one could argue that the medium of film is how this classic story made its way into the public consciousness. The 1939 MGM musical set the stage for how most people visualize the world of Oz and, even in 2024, many people can't think of the story without remembering Judy Garland's iconic rendition of Over the Rainbow.
It's fitting, then, that the worlds of Oz, theatre, and film all collide in the upcoming two-part adaptation of Wicked, the first of which hits theaters next month. The show has established a fan base that rivals both the original novels and the 1939 film adaptation. 
To prepare for the big moment of seeing the tale on screen, BroadwayWorld has put together a list of film projects that we think are worth viewing or revisiting before Wicked flies into theaters on November 22. They are not all musicals, though several are. The list is presented in reverse chronological order, from recent entries to the 1939 classic. Check it out below!
This panned animated feature is not actually based on any of the original Wizard of Oz novels. Instead, it is adapted from the book Dorothy of Oz, written by L. Frank Baum's grandson Roger S. Baum. Like the title implies, it serves as a sequel to the original story, with Dorothy returning to Oz following the Kansas tornado. The musical features an all-star voice cast of many Broadway names including Lea Michele, Kelsey Grammer, Megan Hilty, Patrick Stewart, Bernadette Peters, and Martin Short.
Wicked fans might be interested to see an alternate prequel to the classic story of The Wizard of Oz. Like the beloved stage musical, this version incorporates the early years of Glinda and the Wicked Witch (called Theodora here). However, the primary story follows Oscar Diggs, who would go on to become The Wizard.
In a fun connection, the screenplay is written by David Lindsay-Abaire, Tony Award winner for Kimberly Akimbo and Pulitzer Prize winner for his play Rabbit Hole. Lindsay-Abaire is no stranger to fairy tale material, having also written the book for Shrek the Musical.
Following in the seemingly-defunct tradition of inserting the Muppets into classic stories, this television movie modernizes but mostly follows the familiar story- with the addition of Muppet antics, of course. As usual, the Muppets play many of the roles including Kermit the Frog as Scarecrow, The Great Gonzo as Tin Thing, Miss Piggy as the Witches, and Fozzie Bear as the Cowardly Bear.
The musical television special also stars Queen Latifah, David Alan Grier, Jeffrey Tambor, Quentin Tarantino, and Ashanti as Dorothy.
Though not technically a film, this concert production of the musical was filmed for TV, airing on TNT and TBS in 1995. The concert features an all-star cast of both Broadway and non-Broadway performers including Joel Grey as The Wizard (years before he would play the role in Wicked) along with Nathan Lane, Natalie Cole, Debra Winger, Roger Daltry, Jackson Browne, Debra Winger, and Jewel as Dorothy.
The music consists of the songs from the 1939 film including Over the Rainbow, If Only Had a Brain, and the cut song The Jitterbug. This concert is not officially available to stream anywhere, but copies are not difficult to find online.
Return to Oz is a genuinely terrifying entry in the greater "Oz Cinematic Universe." An unofficial sequel to the 1939 film, the movie is no musical and ultimately bears little resemblance to its classic counterpart. Instead, viewers are in for a dark ride consisting of electrotherapy, severed heads, and the villainous Nome King, all of which make it feel less like a Disney film, (which it is) and more like like a fever dream. 
This anime adaptation follows the familiar story and is, in fact, considered one of the closest to the original novel. The production was intended for a theatrical release in Japan, but instead was released straight-to-video. The English dub, which was released on VHS by Paramount, featured the voice of Aileen Quinn (known for playing Annie in the 1982 film) along with Lorne Greene, Billy Van, John Stocker, and Elizabeth Hanna. A musical, the songs include I Dream of Home and A Wizard of a Day, which are written by Jō Hisaishi, with lyrics by Sammy Cahn and Allen Byrns.
Based on the hit Broadway musical, The Wiz is a reimagining of the classic story, but with an African-American cast. Instead of Kansas, the story opens in Harlem. With a cast that included Diana Ross and Michael Jackson, the film has gone on to become a cult classic. A revival of the stage version is currently playing on Broadway at the Marquis Theatre.
The soundtrack features the songs by Charlie Smalls, adapted for the screen by Quincy Jones who was nominated for an Academy Award for his work.
This Australian rock-and-rock musical follows the antics of Dorothy, a groupie who bumps her head while riding with a rock band called Wally and the Falcons. When she awakes, she finds herself in a grey world featuring alternate versions of the Wizard of Oz characters like Glin the Good Fairy and the Wizard (played by Graham Matters, who also plays Wally). It is set 
Liza Minnelli voices the character her mother made famous in this animated musical. Though it bears little connection to the original 1939 movie, the film takes its inspiration from the second book in L. Frank Baum's series. 
In addition to Minnelli, the film features several bonafide Broadway names including  Mickey Rooney, Ethel Merman, Herschel Bernardi, Milton Berle, Paul Lynde, and Paul Ford. Opera singer Risë Stevens also lends her voice to the project, as does Margaret Hamilton who played the role of the Wicked Witch of the West in the original film. Sammy Cahn and Jimmy Van Heusen wrote the twelve original songs featured in the film.
This now-classic musical film stars Judy Garland as Dorothy Gale, the young Kansas girl dreaming of a life away from her family farm. What begins in dull black-and-white soon becomes a Technicolor extravaganza as Dorothy and her dog Toto are whisked away to the colorful world of Oz. 
Many people have been introduced to Dorothy and the Emerald City through this movie, which was released to acclaim in the summer of 1939. The sets, production design, and Judy Garland's performance were all praised, as were the songs by Harold Arlen and Yip Harburg.
Over the Rainbow and If I Only Had a Brain are among the memorable numbers in the film, the former of which has been covered countless times by some of the top recording artists. One of the cut songs- The Jitterbug- has turned up in many subsequent stage productions of the material. The movie won three Academy Awards, receiving a total of six nominations. It has gone on to be considered one of the greatest films of all time.
The Wicked film adaptation stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba and Ariana Grande as Glinda. Joining them is Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Ethan Slater as Boq, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard. 
Marissa Bode will portray Nessarose, Elphaba's younger sister. The cast of characters also includes Pfannee and ShenShen, two conniving compatriots of Glinda played by Emmy nominee Bowen Yang (Saturday Night Live) and Bronwyn James (Harlots), and a new character created for the film, Miss Coddle, played by Tony nominee Keala Settle (The Greatest Showman). Aaron Teoh joins as Avaric with Michael Carmichael as Nikidik. Emmy-Winner Peter Dinklage is set to play Dr. Dillamond in the film.
Part One of the film will be released on November 22, 2024, with the second part hitting theaters on November 21, 2025. Watch the trailer below.
Madeline Ashton is the most beautiful actress (just ask her) ever to grace the stage and screen. Helen Sharp is the long-suffering author (just ask her) who lives in her shadow. They have always been the best of frenemies… until Madeline steals Helen’s fiancé away. As Helen plots revenge and Madeline clings to her rapidly fading star, their world is suddenly turned upside down by Viola Van Horn, a mysterious woman with a secret that’s to die for.  After one sip of Viola’s magical potion, Madeline and Helen begin a new era of life (and death) with their youth and beauty restored…and a grudge to last eternity. Life’s a bitch and then you die. Or not!
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy