By Dessi Gomez 
SEO Staff Writer

	Following the magical moment of Wicked: Part One enchanting audiences ahead of Thanksgiving, a return to the land of Oz will take place in 2025 when the second film in the duology comes out.

	Those anxious to see how the story of Ariana Grande’s Glinda and Cynthia Erivo’s Wicked Witch of the West, formerly known as Elphaba, have a little under a year before the second half of the story will arrive in theaters. The film underwent a title change in December 2024 to Wicked: For Good.

	For everything we know about Wicked: Part Two, read below.

When does Wicked: Part Two come out?











Wicked: Part Two, now known as Wicked: For Good, will arrive in theaters Nov. 21, 2025.

Who is in the cast of Wicked: Part 2?

	Of course, dynamic duo Glinda (Ariana Grande) and Elphaba (Cynthia Erivo) will return in the second film, though they may be more separated than in the first film. There are still some duets they share, including the titular For Good, in which they reflect on how impactful their relationship has been for the both of them.

RELATED: ‘Wicked’ Movie Cast: Who Plays Who?

	Jonathan Bailey will return as Fiyero, and Ethan Slater’s Boq will be back as well as Marissa Bode’s Nessarose. If the music is anything to go by, Michelle Yeoh’s Madame Morrible will return as well as Jeff Goldblum’s Wizard of Oz.

Is Wicked: Part 2 in production?

	The second film has wrapped production. Director Jon M. Chu told Deadline that he cut both films side by side ahead of the release of Wicked: Part One.

	“I cut both of them at the same time last year so I could watch both of them back to back, and wait til that happens. It’s a doozy to see both,” he said. “I put it to bed. I needed to know that every scene in one had an intention for two, and we put that to bed, and I just opened it up last week. We’re tweaking and doing all the things.”

What songs will be in Wicked: Part 2?

	Songs to look out for in Wicked Part Two include

RELATED: Jon M. Chu’s ‘Wicked’ Soundtrack: What Songs Are In ‘Part 1’?

	According to an interview with Capital FM UK, Jeff Goldblum let slip that there may be new original songs written by Stephen Schwartz for Wicked: For Good.

	










Is the same team behind Wicked: For Good?

	Yes, Jon M. Chu took over the directing role of the entire project in February 2021 after Stephen Daldry exited the cockpit of the Universal Movie Musical Adaptation in October 2020. Daldry was first attached to the film in 2016.

	Winnie Holzman, the book writer who adapted the stage musical from Gregory Maguire’s bestselling novel, is behind the script with co-writer Dana Fox. Broadway musical songwriter Stephen Schwartz executive produces alongside Jared LeBoff and David Nicksay. Producers include Marc Platt and David Stone.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.