Megan Thee Stallion, The Roots, Dolly Parton and Chelsea Handler are also featured on Fallon's first holiday collection, due out on Nov. 1.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Jimmy Fallon has loaded up his sleigh with a gang of A-list stars for his first holiday album. On Monday morning (Oct. 21), the Tonight Show host revealed the track list for Holiday Seasoning,  in his typically cheerful fashion in a brief video posted on Instagram in which he “unwraps” each feature on the collection due out on Nov. 1.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Jimmy Fallon		
					






















	
		
					Justin Timberlake		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	To the strains of his previously released bouncy Meghan Trainor collab “Wrap Me Up” — which hit No. 2 on the Billboard Adult Contemporary Airplay chart — Fallon excitedly came down the steps to present a series of wrapped gifts featuring his collaborators names. He started with the Jonas Brothers (“Holiday”) and funny man Will Ferrell (“One Glove”). “Will Ferrell? On a song?” Fallon said with a tremble in his voice. “I can’t even believe this is real.” 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The album of all originals will also feature “You’ll Be There” with his bestie Justin Timberlake, a silly tune about “bromance”Jimmy said when JT visited the Tonight Show last month. The song, recorded at the fame Electric Lady Studios in New York features some unique instrumentation, with Justin joking at the time that “nothing says Christmas like a ukulele.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	As if that wasn’t enough, the 16-track LP will also feature the previously released singles “It Was a… (Masked Christmas)” with Ariana Grande and Megan Thee Stallion” and “Almost Too Early For Christmas’ with country icon Dolly Parton, as well as Tonight Show house band The Roots on “Hey Rudy,” comedian Chelsea Handler on “Merry Happy Christmas,” model/actress Cara Delevingne on “Hallmark Movie” and the only happy New Year’s Eve song he can think of, “New Year’s Eve Polka (5-4-3-2-1)” featuring “Weird Al” Yankovic and the Roots. 

	Fallon also takes the mic for a number of other originals, including: “Christmas Ding Dong,” “How You Know It’s Christmastime,” “Chipmunks & Chestnuts,” “Coquito,” “Weird Cousin” and “Thanksgiving Eve.”

	Check out Fallon’s video and the full tracklist below.
A post shared by Jimmy Fallon (@jimmyfallon)

	Holiday Seasoning track list:
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.