Let us know your top music release of the week by voting in our poll.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	The long weekend is finally here, and some of today’s top stars unveiled new music to keep the party going.

	After teasing a special announcement via her Instagram Story earlier this week (Feb. 13), Ariana Grande confirmed Mariah Carey’s appearance on the “Yes, And?” remix with a Feb. 14 post captioned, “Thank you from the bottom of my heart for this dream come true and for sprinkling your brilliance and magic on my little song @mariahcarey. [It] means more to me than [I] could ever possibly articulate and [I] cannot wait for everyone to hear this! [I] love you eternally!!!!!!!”

	Dua Lipa unveiled “Training Season” after announced the single last month in a clip posted to her TikTok, declaring that she’s very tired of mediocre men. “I need someone to hold me close, deeper than I’ve ever known/ Whose love feels like a rodeo, knows just how to take control,” she sings over a pounding beat.

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Mariah Carey		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Meanwhile, Jennifer Lopez dropped her ninth studio album, This Is Me… Now, on Friday (Feb. 16). This Is Me…Now is the sister album to 2002’s This Is Me…Then, which was dedicated to her partner at the time, Ben Affleck. Lopez and Affleck have since rekindled their romance, and the couple married in 2022. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Which music release was your top pick of the week? Let us know by voting below.

What’s Your Favorite New Music Release of the Week?
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.