ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
THE VOICE — "Live Top 11 Eliminations Episode 2116B — Pictured: Ariana Grande — (Photo by: Trae ... More Patton/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images)
Ariana Grande is back, and she’s making quite the grand return. The pop singer kicked off the latest era in her musical career with the single “Yes, And?” which has arrived at No. 1 on a handful of Billboard charts. The tune opens in first place on the sales list–and it tops every other bestseller so far this year by a huge margin.
“Yes, And?” debuts at No. 1 on this week’s Digital Song Sales chart, which tracks the bestselling songs in America. The tune starts its run on the list with 41,000 digital sales, according to Luminate.
Grande’s starting sum is the biggest thus far in 2024. In fact, no other title that’s ruled the Digital Song Sales chart this year has come even close to selling as well as “Yes, And?”
Before Grande’s new smash arrived, the bestselling No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart in 2024 was Jimin’s “Closer Than This.” The BTS singer dropped the tune as a surprise in late December, and the track arrived atop the ranking dated January 6 with just over 14,000 copies sold. Until this frame, Jimin was the only musician to sell at least 10,000 copies of a tune in a tracking week in 2024.
“Yes, And?” performed so well, it outsold the No. 1 titles on the Digital Song Sales chart in each of the past three weeks–Jimin’s “Closer Than This,” Jack Harlow’s “Lovin On You,” and Nicki Minaj’s “FTCU”—combined. When the sales sums of those three tracks are combined, they add up to just under 31,000 copies–10,000 fewer than Grande’s latest.
Grande employed a familiar technique to help inflate her opening sales figure–one which worked brilliantly. Throughout the first week that “Yes, And?” was available, the singer continued to share new versions of the song. Fans snapped up all editions of the dance-pop cut, helping it arrive with tens of thousands of copies purchased.
As “Yes, And?” launches at No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart, it also opens atop the Hot 100. The tune is the Grammy winner’s eighth leader and her sixth instant ruler. Sales played a major role in pushing the cut to the summit, but it also performed very well on streaming platforms, and radio plays aided as well.