Stars have wowed at the annual Met Gala. Zendaya returned to the "red carpet" for the first time since 2019, Jennifer Lopez joked about retiring and Ariana Grande hinted at a Wicked update. Scroll below to read about the biggest night in fashion as it happened.
Tuesday 7 May 2024 11:18, UK
Thank you for following our live Met Gala updates overnight, that's all our coverage for now. 
This year has definitely featured some stunning outfits, and surprising absences. 
It's also seen a pregnancy announcement, hints about the new Wicked film and the return of Zendaya. 
If you are only just waking up, don't worry - you can scroll below to read all about the biggest night in fashion as it happened. 
Have a great day and for those who stayed up, have a great sleep. 
One big party involving the most fashion-forward celebrities over the years is sure to generate some iconic looks. 
Previous years have been no disappointment (although shout-out to 2018 and 2019 in particular). 
While there are too many memorable looks to show you here, this is a list of some of the best...
Rihanna, 2018
This pop icon almost never misses, but this Pope-inspired look truly inducted her into the Met Gala halls of fame. 
Her 2018 outfit makes it on to pretty much every best-dressed-of-all-time list going. 
Cardi B, 2019
The year was 2019, the theme was camp and Cardi did not disappoint. 
Vogue reported at the time her Thom Browne dress involved 30,000 feathers, 2,000 hours and 35 people putting it together. 
Ariana Grande, 2018
Spectacularly pulling off 2018's theme (Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination), Grande donned a Vera Wang gown printed with images from Michelangelo's fresco The Last Judgement. 
Those well-read on art history will know this fresco sits on the sanctuary wall of the Sistine Chapel in Vatican City. 
Kim Kardashian, 2019
Proving she can pull off the wet-hair look better than anyone else, Kim Kardashian's Thierry Mugler gown was an instant hit. 
The latex corseted dress reportedly took eight months to make. 
Zendaya, 2019
One of 2019's most show-stopping moments was Zendaya's arrival as Cinderella. 
Her stylist Law Roach joined her on the red carpet, waving a wand, and with a little red carpet magic, her powder blue tulle gown slowly lit up from the bottom. 
Kate Moss, 2009
Stealing the show on the Met Gala red carpet since the 90s, Kate Moss's most lauded look came in 2009. 
Her liquid metallic minidress and headscarf are still seen as one of the best looks of the event's history. 
Billy Porter, 2019
Bringing more theatre to the night, Billy Porter arrived on a litter carried by six shirtless men - a nod to ancient Egypt. 
That wasn't all, though, as he later unveiled a bejewelled catsuit fitted with 10-foot wings. 
Lady Gaga, 2019
Why bring one outfit when you can bring four. 
The 2018 theme of Camp was right up Lady Gaga's street, and she spent 16 minutes on the red carpet posing with oversized props and dancers to match her outfit changes. 
Beyonce, 2015
The naked dress may be popular again this year, but let's remember that Beyonce did it first in 2015 (okay, not literally first, but it really was that iconic). 
She was famously late to the Met Gala that year after attending a fundraiser with Barack Obama. 
Blake Lively, 2022
Ever a Met Gala darling, Blake Lively wowed when she co-chaired the event in 2022. 
Her Versace gown transformed halfway into her entrance, representing the oxidation of the State of Liberty. 
There have been a lot of exquisite looks at the Met Gala, and most of them arguably stuck to the theme. 
Guests were told to follow the dress code The Garden Of Time, inspired by a 1962 story by JG Ballard. 
The book tells the tale of a man who turns back time by plucking each flower in his garden until it is barren. 
Unsurprisingly, it inspired several floral looks. 
Here are 10 of the most stunning outfits...
The Marc Jacobs social media account brought a playful twist to the Met Gala. 
Before the red carpet started, the brand teased four celebrities it was dressing and asked its followers to guess who they were
Now we know it was Dua Lipa, Karol G, Keke Palmer and Venus Williams.
Last year, the brand dressed pop stars Anitta and Kim Petras and reality TV legends Paris Hilton and Kendall Jenner.
The Met Gala meal always matches the theme, and this year is no exception. 
Matching the Sleeping Beauty: Reawakening Fashion theme, caterer Olivier Cheng said he wanted to create an "ethereal" menu. 
Using seasonal ingredients, he told vogue he had created a three-course meal that was like something from a fairytale. 
Starter
The fish dish to be served was a spring vegetable salad with elderflower foam, raspberry vinaigrette, olive crumble  and butterfly-shaped croutons, he said. 
Main 
The main course was a filet of beef topped with a tortellini rose.
The beef was on a pine needle and in a mushroom "moat", he added. 
Dessert
In a nod to Snow White, Cheng created an almond cremeux in the shape of an apple, covered in a red mirror glaze and placed on a walnut flavoured leaf. 
We'll catch all the celebrities parading on the red carpet, but as for what happens inside the event... Honestly, it's a closely guarded secret. 
Guests are usually given dinner, and the event often involves a high-profile performer such as Rihanna or Justin Bieber.
Guests are asked to abide by a no-phone policy - meaning few pictures emerge from inside. 
In the past, a few photos have slipped out, with one of the most iconic shared by Kylie Jenner showing a star-studded crowd posing in the bathroom. 
Others have shown guests, including Bella Hadid and Dakota Johnson, smoking in the bathroom, despite New York State banning smoking in enclosed spaces. 
This post by Elizabeth Chambers from the 2017 Met is a good example... 
Adwoa Aboah has revealed she's pregnant at the Met Gala. 
The British model bared her baby bump for the first time, wearing a red skirt and ruffled top. 
A pregnancy announcement has become a bit of a tradition at fashion's biggest night of the year. 
Last year, Karlie Kloss and Serena Williams both announced they were expecting. 
While the celebrities continue to enjoy their evening inside the Metropolitan Museum of Art, we are still working our way through the red carpet photos. 
Actress Sydney Sweeney was almost unrecognisable after dying her hair black. 
Singer Lana del Rey looked incredible in an architectural forest piece designed by Sean McGirr for Alexander McQueen. 
We were the only ones who immediately thought of a swan after seeing Nicole Kidman. 
Singer Sabrina Carpenter, whose recent song Espresso has dominated the charts, arrived at the Met in a black and blue gown. 
Her rumoured boyfriend, actor Barry Keoghan, was also on the carpet, with the pair arriving simultaneously and posing together at the top of the famous stairs.
Carpenter's dress was created by Oscar de la Renta, who has been very popular tonight, also dressing the likes of Kris and Kylie Jenner. 
Holding a single red rose, Usher opted for an all black outfit this year. 
Similarly, Formula One driver Lewis Hamilton wore a black suit, but it featured embroidered flowers on the jacket. 
Model Brooklyn Beckham decided to wear a white suite, paired with a gold bird chain. 
He arrived solo this year, taking to Instagram to say he was "missing his beautiful wife" Nicola Peltz while on his way to the Met.