By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:39, 29 October 2024   |  Updated:  23:03, 29 October 2024   
 39
View  comments
Celebrities nationwide are taking to social media to encourage their followers to follow their lead and vote early in the upcoming presidential election. 
While Election Day isn't until Tuesday, November 5th, 2024, a number of Hollywood stars, including Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande and Lizzo have already cast their ballots. 
On Monday, Gomez, 32, dropped off her official election envelope in a mail box on the way to the premiere of Wizards Beyond Waverly Place in Los Angeles.
She even accessorized her mesmerizing red sequin Rodarte gown with a coordinating clutch that featured her 'I Voted' sticker on it. 
'ITS TIME TO GO VOTE!!!' she reminded her more than 58.2 TikTok followers.
Celebrities nationwide are taking to social media to encourage their followers to follow their lead and vote early in the upcoming presidential election
This marks her second time voting in a presidential election as she admitted in 2020 that she previously felt her vote didn't matter as a Democrat living in a blue state.
'Honestly, I’m not ashamed to say this but I kind of—this was my first time,' she told Vogue, at the time. 'And I’m going to say that, because I've never felt — and this is so true, and I'm now admitting it to people — like my vote counts. Every vote counts. Some people get in their head, and they're like, "Oh, well what does it matter?"'
Like Gomez, Grande also cast her ballot, this week, and encouraged her fans to do the same. 
To mark the occasion, the We Can't Be Friends hitmaker posted a selfie on her Instagram selfie.
She tagged Vice President Harris, who is the Democratic presidential nominee and overlayed the image with Beyoncé's hit song Freedom, which has become an anthem for Harris' campaign.
Jessica Alba celebrated Vote Early Day with a passionate Instagram post urging her followers to take their patriotic duty seriously by making their voices heard. 
'Honoring #VoteEarlyDay today by checking in on my friends and fam to make sure they’re registered, have a voting plan, or better yet—have already voted,' she captioned a glamorous selfie, in which she sported a 'Vote' necklace. 
The mother-of-three continued: 'The election is not in 7 days—the election is over in 7 days. By voting early, we make sure nothing - surprises, long lines, or confusing rules - keeps us from making our voices heard in this critical moment.'
Like Gomez, Ariana Grande also cast her ballot, this week, and encouraged her fans to do the same
Jessica Alba celebrated Vote Early Day with a passionate Instagram post urging her followers to take their patriotic duty seriously by making their voices heard
'Honoring #VoteEarlyDay today by checking in on my friends and fam to make sure they’re registered, have a voting plan, or better yet—have already voted,' she captioned a glamorous selfie
'So please, join me in voting early - this is one of the most consequential election of our lifetime, where our votes decide who becomes the next President of the United States, who represents us in Congress, and whether essential ballot measures become law,' she concluded. 
Mariska Hargitay, best known for her role as Olivia Benson on NBC's Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, snapped a photo of herself voting in New York.
'I believe in a future where our freedoms are protected and our rights are upheld,' she captioned the post. 'Today, I voted for that future. You matter. Your voice matters. Your vote matters. Let’s shape the future together. Let’s get out there and VOTE!!!' 
Her post comes less than two weeks after she publicly endorsed Harris' Presidential bid.
In a political ad for Harris, the actress, 60, spoke about spending her entire 'life fighting for girls and for women, both on screen and off.' 
'I want a strong leader who will uphold the law and protect our freedoms,' she captioned the post. ''With so much on the line this election, my choice for President is clear: KAMALA HARRIS.' 
Cindy Crawford posted a picture in front of an official ballot drop box as well as a reminder that it is a 'great privilege' to live in the United States and vote.
Mariska Hargitay, best known for her role as Olivia Benson on NBC's Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, snapped a photo of herself voting in New York
'I believe in a future where our freedoms are protected and our rights are upheld,' she captioned the post. 'Today, I voted for that future. You matter. Your voice matters. Your vote matters. Let’s shape the future together. Let’s get out there and VOTE!!!'
Cindy Crawford posted a picture in front of an official ballot drop box as well as a reminder that it is a 'great privilege' to live in the United States and vote
Lizzo proudly wore a 'Harris Walz' baseball cap after dropping off her ballot
Lizzo proudly wore a 'Harris Walz' baseball cap after dropping off her ballot. 
'I voted! #merica,' she captioned an image of herself smiling while sporting a white t-shirt, jeans and her 'I Voted' sticker. 
Gwyneth Paltrow was also among the stars who couldn't resist sharing a snap of herself rocking her 'I Voted' sticker. 
James Taylor took to Instagram with a powerful message about the importance of voting. 
'There are places in the world where people risk their lives to go to the polls. Here in the US, 50% of eligible voters can’t be bothered. There are frequent local elections wherever you are, but these big national elections happen every two years,' he began. 'We should make it as easy and convenient as possible to cast our votes. It is the life blood of any democracy and our first duty as citizens.'
Taylor continued: 'But there are people among us working hard to find ways to restrict voter participation, to keep people away from the polls. They should be ashamed of themselves.' 
Gwyneth Paltrow was also among the stars who couldn't resist sharing a snap of herself rocking her 'I Voted' sticker
James Taylor took to Instagram with a powerful message about the importance of voting in this 'really important election'
Mandy Moore, who welcomed her third child last month, also managed to vote early
He reminded fans that this is a 'really important election' with 'so much at stake.'
'Can you feel it, America? Can you feel what it is we need to do? How important it is right now? I sure do,' the musician asked. 'It’s not hard for me because I don’t have to change my mind. It’s up to you who do have to shift your loyalties, search your heart and go against your friends and family to make the right choice.'
He concluded the post by writing: 'There’s still time to get out and register so you can participate by casting your vote. Let’s make it happen. If you love your country, register and vote.' 
Mandy Moore, who welcomed her third child last month, also managed to vote early. 
'Voted,' she captioned a selfie of herself holding up her 'I Voted' sticker. 'Now it’s your turn. Make sure you triple the vote and tell 3 friends or family to make a plan to vote too. Don’t sit this one out, there’s too much as stake!! Visit Iwillvote.com for more info on voting in your area.' 
Last week, Kevin Bacon showed off his dance moves as he made his way to a public mailbox to cast his mail-in ballot
On Tuesday, Michelle Pfeiffer posed with her 'I Voted' sticker on her nose
'Did my civic duty!' she captioned the post. 'Did you know that most Americans can vote right now? Today, as we celebrate #VoteEarlyDay, take 30 seconds to find out your early voting options. Text VOTER to 26797. Let’s get this done! #iamavoter ❤️'
Last week, Kevin Bacon showed off his dance moves as he made his way to a public mailbox to cast his mail-in ballot.
'The election doesn’t start on Nov 5th; that’s when it ends. Vote early!' he captioned the video of himself making his voice heard. 
Model Brooklyn Decker shared a selfie with her husband Andy Roddick after voting early. 
In the image, they both smiled as they rocked 'I Voted Early!' stickers on their cheeks.  
'Today was a good day. NORTH CAROLINA listen up. NC (Mecklenburg County specifically) has a lot of power this election.' she captioned the post. 'The last Senate race came down to TWO votes per precinct, that’s how tight shit is here. How exciting to know your vote carries that much weight.' 
Model Brooklyn Decker shared a selfie with her husband Andy Roddick after voting early
Meanwhile, on Tuesday, Michelle Pfeiffer posed with her 'I Voted' sticker on her nose.
'Did my civic duty!' she captioned her Instagram post. 'Did you know that most Americans can vote right now? Today, as we celebrate #VoteEarlyDay, take 30 seconds to find out your early voting options. Text VOTER to 26797. Let’s get this done! #iamavoter ❤️' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group