From discourse online insinuating that movie musicals were dead after the casting of Ariana Grande as Glinda, to an emotion-packed press tour, Jon M. Chu’s 2024 film “Wicked” has been the subject of extreme scrutiny. 
“Wicked” is split up into two parts. The first film clocks in at just under three hours — that’s only five minutes less than the entirety of the stage show, including the intermission. “Wicked: Part Two” will be released Nov. 21, 2025. Chu allotted more time to moments that the stage adaptation only spends mere seconds on, or doesn’t give as much emotional weight to. 
There were moments in the film where this translated well: Glinda and Fiyero’s flirty banter after his arrival at Shiz and Elphaba and Glinda’s heart-to-hearts in the dorms. However, one particular scene seemed to drag on for ages. 
After Elphaba arrives at the OzDust (a nightclub in Oz) and is relentlessly mocked by her classmates, she begins to dance to no music. Ever so slowly, Glinda begins to dance alongside her. This was a scene where it felt like the director wanted audience members to feel something instead of it being a moment where a reaction occurred organically. 
Unfortunately, the scene ended up feeling more awkward than impactful.
Instead, it was the simple quiet moment during “Popular”, a song where Elphaba is being “galinda-fied” that was emotionally striking. After a song filled with the good witch highlighting the importance of beauty and charm, she simply places a flower in Elphaba’s hair and says: “You’re beautiful”. 
Casting controversy
Cynthia Erivo, who plays Elphaba, won a Tony, a Grammy and several other awards for her role as Celie Harris in the 2015 stage revival of “The Color Purple”. Since Erivo comes equipped with a background in musical theater, fans seemed less apprehensive about her performance. As opposed to Grande who is known for her un-enunciated pop hits. 
Fans have been anxiously awaiting the film’s release since as early as 2021, placing even more pressure on Chu and the film’s cast to make sure this beloved musical would be immortalized in film “For Good”.
Both Kristin Chenoweth (original Glinda in “Wicked” on Broadway) and Idina Menzel (original Elphaba in “Wicked” on Broadway) expressed their support for Grande and Erivo and even made a cameo in the film. 
Before the film began, the theater was practically vibrating with anticipation. The question on everyone’s mind seemed to be could pop princess Ariana Grande portray an Oz-ian diplomat, or would the musical theater community have to burst her bubble? 
A “thrillifying” performance
Well … As Glinda sings in the opening song “No One Mourns the Wicked”, “Let us be glad! Let us be grateful! Let us rejocify that …” “Wicked” is positively emerald. 
From “The Wizard of Oz” inspired title text to the first flash of yellow brick, Grande immediately had theater-goers in the palm of her regal hand. 
The respect that each and every actor had for their role in this film is evident. One of the best aspects of any great Broadway production is anywhere your eye goes there is energy and excitement — “Wicked” on the big screen is no different. 
Erivo portrays Elphaba in a way that viewers can’t help but fall in love with her. Her optimism, grit and empathy are all qualities that make her an unforgettable character. Erivo’s vocals are nothing less than stunning and her deep dedication to the craft is apparent from the first notes of “The Wizard and I”. 
While Instagram and TikTok users alike have poked fun at the deep bond Grande and Erivo seem to share, after witnessing the film, it’s easy to see why the two became so close. 
The actresses portray Glinda and Elphaba as two sides of the same coin — both seeking goodness, but viewing the virtue completely differently. From their charged rivalry presented through “What is This Feeling” to their heartfelt duet in “Defying Gravity” the progression of their friendship feels natural and raw. 
Jonathan Bailey was exactly what an Oz-ian heartthrob should be. Bailey’s performance as Fiyero, a transfer student and playboy, was electric. Bailey captured the audience’s attention any time he was on screen and his chemistry with both Grande and Erivo was undeniable. 
The ability to look effortless while spinning from the ceiling and dancing on books is nothing short of a marvel. Bailey illustrated both Fiyero’s charm, and his empathy toward others as, thanks to Elphaba, he slowly realizes that maybe “Dancing Through Life” isn’t always the answer. 
Boq (Ethan Slater) and Nessa Rose (Marissa Bode) did an excellent job of creating a captivating subplot, without drawing focus from Grande or Erivo. Slater is loveably earnest as he pursues Glinda and Bode expertly portrays Nessa’s deep desire to be loved by Boq. 
“Defying Gravity” and vocal bounds
Erivo’s vocal performance for the entirety of “Wicked” was a gift to witness, made even more impressive by the fact that the cast sang live for the whole  film. From sweet and somber songs like “I’m Not That Girl” to “Defying Gravity” which showcases Erivo’s incredible belts, this vocal powerhouse can do it all. Erivo did a fantastic job of illustrating Elphaba’s emotional journey as a character through her stylistic choices in songs. 
In “The Wizard and I” we see Elphaba get almost guiltily giddy as she belts out the last chorus on a cliff’s edge. By the end of the film, Elphaba is unapologetically herself and leaves audiences with a “Defying Gravity” war cry and a deep desire to see what the witch will do next. 
Sets that will make you say “We’re not in Kansas anymore …”
Chu’s sets for both Shiz University and the famous Emerald City were spectacular. Sweeping pastoral scenes of open fields and rows of poppies contrasted with the mechanical and zany architecture of the metropolitan city. 
Shiz was built around a huge body of water, separating the colossal dormitories and study halls that the students eventually flee to find the OzDust Ballroom, also known as “the most swankified place in town.”
The OzDust seems to be located in an icy underground cavern, furnished with a dance floor and a band comprised entirely of animals. It is exactly the kind of place you’d picture to depict nightlife in Oz. 
CGI in this film wasn’t used as a placeholder or a substitute for the magic of set design, but simply enhanced scenes. “One Short Day” was filled with fireworks, stilt walkers, gaudy costumes and of course, green as far as the eye could see. 
By the end of this film, it feels almost impossible that nearly three hours have passed. “Wicked” is a truly transportive film that was made with heart, passion and a little bit of magic. 
The only question that remains is … Are you ready for part two?
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Editor-in-Chief
Kelly Ann Asker | editor@stumedia.boisestate.edu
Arbiter Staff: (208)-426-6308
Sales Team: (208)-426-6302
The Arbiter is the official independent student news source of Boise State, where student editors make all content decisions and bear responsibility for those decisions. The Arbiter’s budget consists of fees paid by the student body and advertising sales.