Ariana Grande attends The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating “Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion” at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. Monica and Brandy arrives at the 2011 Pre-GRAMMY Gala and Salute To Industry Icons Honoring David Geffen at Beverly Hilton on February 12, 2011 in Beverly Hills, California.
Ariana Grande's highly-anticipated collaboration with "The Boy is Mine" originators Brandy and Monica made its way to the airwaves on Friday (June 21).
Getty Images
In Grande's official music video of her version of it for her eternal sunshine album, Brandy and Monica made a cameo for the pop star as news anchors. During their skit, they talked about how Mayor Max Starling, who was played by You star Penn Badgley, was going to change the city in his press conference.
The appearance of Brandy and Monica after their famous 1998 track pretty much guaranteed that there would be a remix with the two, as Ariana has made that much happen. The duo's original track remains their most popular song of all time in their respective careers.
"The Boy Is Mine" is inspired by Michael Jackson and Paul McCartney's 1982 duet "The Girl Is Mine." The track was a song Brandy wrote with Rodney "Darkchild" Jerkins, his brother Fred Jerkins III, Japhe Tejeda, and LaShawn Daniels. The singer came up with the concept while watching an episode of The Jerry Springer Show, which was known for its many love triangles among the guests as the theme.
Brandy originally recorded the song alone, but she and Jerkins decided it would work better as a duet. She approached fellow R&B teen singer Monica to collaborate, especially to help combat ongoing rumors at the time that the two were rivals.
Now, nearly 30 years later, the duo joined forces once again to aid Ariana in the remix of "the boy is mine." Brandy, 45, kicks off the remix singing new lyrics: "How can it be? You and me, might be meant to be, can't unsee it, but I don't wanna cause no scene, I'm usually so unproblematic, so independent, tell me why, Cause the boy is mine."
After Grande's chorus, Monica, 43, then took on the next verse as their vocals and harmonies were layered on top of one another. The video continues in the comic book style as the original, and in Monica's solo, she sings, "Please know this ain't what I planned for, probably wouldn't be a dime or my life on, there's gotta be a reason why."
"This was both a pleasure and an honor @arianagrande We love you deep!! @brandy divine timing ♥️ 25 THE BOY IS MINE …. Remix out NOW," Monica wrote on Instagram. Meanwhile, Grande, 30, shared a video of her collaborators speaking about how they were called to take part in the remix.
"I rocks with Ariana," Monica said, before Brandy, 45, added, "She can really sing!" The remix also marks the first time Brandy and Monica have musically reunited since their 2020 Verzuz battle, where they admitted they hadn’t spoken in around eight years.
Grande also shared her gratitude for their collaboration on social media, writing on Instagram: “i ……… cannot believe this is real (i don’t know if i will even long after it’s out). my deepest and sincerest thank you to Brandy and Monica, not only for joining me for this moment, but for your generosity, your kindness, and for the countless ways in which you have inspired me." Later in her caption, the Wicked star adds, "this is in celebration of you both and the impact that you have had on every vocalist, vocal producer, musician, artist that is creating today."
Watch the lyric video for "the boy is mine (Remix)" below:

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!