Ariana Grande fans will be pleased to hear the price of one of her bestselling perfumes has been slashed on Amazon. As part of the online retailer's Beauty Week Sale, which is on until Monday (April 22), thousands of products are being reduced.
 The Eternal Sunshine singer's Sweet Like Candy 30ml Perfume Spray is now on sale for £19.10. The perfume was originally £28, but has been given a 32% discount - saving shoppers almost £10. 
 The 'irresistible' perfume has been a hit with thousands of shoppers. Almost 12,000 reviews out of 14,600 have all been five-star. 
Sweet Like Candy features a 'gorgeous' blend of vanilla, blackberry, crème de cassis and fluffy marshmallow scents. The perfume is characterized by an "irresistible attraction" that "reawakens the girl in you". 
 Shoppers can also get a 50ml bottle for a reduced price of £28.07, or 100mls for £39.95. Ariana Grande's Cloud Perfume Spray has also been reduced in price, with a 30ml bottle now £24.99 on Amazon. 
 The popstar's Ari Eau de Perfume Spray is also now less than £20, at £18.80. Customers have given Sweet Like Candy an impressive overall score of 4.7 out of five. 
Chloe wrote: "Really nice sweet smell just like the body mist but stronger and will last all day. I would 100% recommended." Sarah added: "One of my favourite perfumes smells amazing and last all day."
Neeta typed: "I'm so pleased with this it smells just like I hoped it would fruity and sweet but not sickly sweet!! definitely worth the money." Ruby penned: "Absolutely gorgeous perfume. My teen started wearing this and now has me wearing it nonstop as such a lovely fragrance. It is not heavy and is lovely and light and actually lasts well."
However, Anna put: "Not for me, I was really disappointed as I love sweet perfumes. My body mist from Superdrug smells better and lasts longer." Another said: "Wasn't quite what I was expecting, smells ok but the scent doesn't last long unless it's because I've gone nose blind."
 Elsewhere, there are plenty of other sweet perfume alternatives on the market. You can get Dolce & Gabbana's L'Imperatrice Eau De Toilette 100ml for £31 at Superdrug - was £62. 
 Or you can get Vera Wang's Princess Eau de Toilette Spray for £17.99 at The Perfume Shop. Debenhams is also selling Moschino Pink Bouquet Eau De Toilette 100ml for just £20 - down from £78.