Capital




                
                    Sonny Jay
                
                

4pm - 7pm


On My Love

                        

    
    Zara Larsson x David Guetta
    

                    

Download 'On My Love' on iTunes



News


                        
                            TV & Film
                            



5 December 2024, 18:06 | Updated: 6 December 2024, 18:42

        
            By Sam  Prance
        
    
Who auditioned to play Elphaba in Wicked? Here's who else tried out for the role before Cynthia Erivo was cast.

To quote Madame Morrible, Cynthia Erivo's performance as Elphaba in Wicked is "absolutely remarkable". In fact, it's so remarkable that it's impossible to imagine anyone else in the role. Who else auditioned for the iconic part though?
Speaking to SFX Magazine, Wicked director Jon M. Chu revealed that he originally intended to cast unknown actresses as the main characters, Elphaba and Glinda. He explained: "I wanted to have a very clear slate coming into Wicked. It's a big enough property on its own, so we can discover two people. I was like, 'We're gonna find no-namers'."
However, he then admitted that his mind changed when multiple big names tried out for the roles: "But then we got calls from all these great actresses who wanted to audition and we saw everybody, and they were all really great. Anyone could have done this role. Except there were two people who were meant to do this role."
We already know that many actresses auditioned for Glinda alongside Ariana Grande but who tried out for Elphaba?
A day in the life of Wicked’s Cynthia Erivo
Fans of Ariana Grande will already know that she once told Zach Sang that Elphaba was her dream role. In 2019, she said: "I would do anything to play Elphie. I don't really have many dream roles. I already got to play Penny [Pingleton in Hairspray]. Elphaba and Audrey in Little Shop of Horrors, those are my two dream roles. I would do anything."
And it turns out that Ariana did read for both Elphaba and Glinda. Appearing on the Sentimental Men podcast, she said: "I had a feeling they were gonna make me sing for both roles and they did." She revealed she sang: 'No One Mourns the Wicked', 'Popular', 'The Wizard and I' and 'Defying Gravity' in her first audition.
Speaking further, Ariana said: "I had an inkling in my heart always that it was going to be Glinda, but I was hearing really mixed things from people who were like, 'Oh, they want you to read for both.'"
"I was like, I guess that's because they don't know what my voice is - and maybe they think vocally I might be better-suited for Elphaba," she added. "I secretly knew I was only meant for Glinda."
Ariana continued: "Either way, I was going to be open to the conversation."
Speaking on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon in September, How I Met Your Mother and The Penguin actress Cristin Milioti confirmed that she tried out for the role of Elphaba. She said: "Wicked is one of my favourite musicals. They called me and asked if I wanted to audition for Elphaba, the green witch. I was like yes of course."
Giving context, Cristin continued: "I had two weeks and this was my first in person audition since Covid. A little rusty. Not great for singing, not great for high notes. And the big day comes, they're so nice. We start singing through the songs, I'm doing it. And then they were like, are you ready for the big boy?
"They start the music and this calmness washes over me. I think I'm gonna hit this crazy note that I've been obsessing over. I open my mouth and the sound that escaped me is something I will hear on my deathbed. It was disgusting. I sounded terrible."
However, Cristin ended by saying Cynthia was the right fit for the role: "I'm so excited for that movie and specifically Cynthia Erivo. I cannot wait to hear her."
Christin Milioti on her failed Wicked audition
Lady Gaga has never spoken about auditioning for Elphaba in Wicked. However, according to Page Six, she was reportedly going to play Elphaba in an earlier version of the movie. Stephen Daldry signed on to direct the film back in 2016 and Lady Gaga was allegedly his first choice for the role.
A source told Page Six: "They had meetings, the two of them, about the character and who she would be. [Gaga] was essentially cast in his version, and then it fell through." Stephen left the project in 2020 due to scheduling conflicts.
Jon M. Chu then became the director in 2021, Cynthia was cast as Elphaba and the rest is history!
In 2017, The Sun claimed that Nicole Scherzinger was being eyed to play Elphaba in Wicked after playing Grizabella in Cats on the West End. A source said: "Nicole has held early discussions with film bosses who think she’s perfect for the role of Elphaba. She’s been eyeing a career in acting for some time now."
However, Nicole later told E! News' Sibley Scoles at the Billboard Music Awards that the rumours weren't true. Nicole is currently receiving critical acclaim for her performance as Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard on Broadway. 
As it stands, no one else has come forward to say they auditioned to play Elphaba but I think we can all agree that Cynthia was born to play the role.
Bookmark this page and we'll let you know if anyone else speaks up about their audition experience.
Wicked Cast vs. 'The Most Impossible Wicked Quiz'
Rihanna
One Direction
News
Dua Lipa
See more Featured Artists