Defy gravity with Elphaba and Glinda-inspired jewelry, makeup, and so much more.
Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
The long-awaited movie adaptation of the Wicked musical is nearly here, with part one hitting theaters this week. The film, which stars Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande, has already inspired a wide range of merch and collaborations. If you're looking to channel Elphaba and Glinda this winter, or find the perfect gift for the Wicked fan in your life, check out our favorite picks from the best Wicked collaborations out now:
These friendship necklaces are the perfect gift for the Glinda to your Elphaba (or the Elphaba to your Glinda). 
Shop the full Wicked x Sydney Evan collection.
The holidays are right around the corner, and we love a good advent calendar. For the Wicked fan in your life, the film's official advent calendar would be a sweet surprise.
Iconic Canadian brand puts its own Wicked spin on their classic hoodies and sweatpants.
Shop the full Roots x Wicked collection.
Vera Bradley's signature duffles got Oz-ified in celebration of the upcoming movie musical. (There's also a pink Elphaba version, if that's more your style.)
Shop the full Wicked x Vera Bradley collection here.
H&M's Wicked collection features the film's logo on stylish pieces of merch, like this cozy black sweatshirt. 
Shop the full Wicked x H&M collection here. 
Of course, Ariana Grande's r.e.m. beauty got in on the Wicked craze, releasing eyeshadow palettes, lip oil, under-eye masks, and more. Our favorite product is the galinda glow drops. 
Shop the full r.e.m. beauty x Wicked collection here, or get the full collection bundle (which has all nine pieces from the collection).
Bombas's Wicked collection features green and pink socks, naturally. Bonus, for every pair purchased from this collection, Bombas will be donating another pair to organizations like Miracle Messages, Neighborhood Coalition for Shelter, and River Fund "who use one-on-one connections to support the unhoused population."
Shop the full Bombas x Wicked collection here.
Lingua Franca's cashmere sweaters now come with hand-embroidered Wicked slogans, like this Glinda-themed one.
Shop all Lingua Franca x Wicked.
Luggage brand Béis advertises that their Wicked collection is "designed to defy gravity." We have our eyes on their limited-edition carry-on roller—which comes in Wicked pink and green.
Shop the full Béis x Wicked collection here.
Gap gets Galinda-fied in their new capsule collection, which is mainly for kids (but features a few cute adult pieces, including the vintage soft logo hoodie).
Shop the full Gap x Wicked capsule here.
Rebecca Minkoff released two handbags inspired by Wicked, one pink and one black. We are especially chamred by the Elphaba-inspired bag, which is described as "a tribute to Elphaba's mysterious power." The design features a striking symbol from Elphaba’s grimmerie.
Shop the full Rebecca Minkoff x Wicked collection.
Aqua's Wicked collection features dresses that are holiday party ready—even if you're not going to the Oz Dust ballroom.
Shop the full Aqua x Wicked collection.
Watching Wicked in theaters, you just want to be comfortable. If you want to be on-theme and cozy, this oversized graphic tee from Aerie's Wicked line is perfect—and features "Defying Gravity."
Shop the entire Aerie x Wicked collection here.
This Binocular Bag features in the Wicked film itself (Galinda carries a pink version). We love the mini black version for its versatility.
Shop the entire Cambridge Satchel x Wicked collaboration here.
Bloomingdale's annual holiday bear has been Oz-ified in green and pink. Plus: For each bear sold through 2024, Bloomingdale's will donate $5 to the Child Mind Institute
Even your devices can get in on the Wicked fun–why not get a new case for your phone, or laptop!?
Shop the full Wicked x Casetify collection
This gift set features two bar soaps inspired by Elphaba and Glinda, along with a moisturizing mist. 
Shop the full Wicked x Beekman 1802 collaboration here.
Fossil's limited-edition collection celebrates the 85th anniversary of The Wizard of Oz, but it still is timely (pun intended!) for Wicked movie celebrations. Their Raquel watch is in three new designs—inspired by the Wicked Witch of the West, the Good Witch, and Dorothy. 
Target has a very extensive Wicked collection, including a line designed by Wicked costume designer Paul Tazewell himself. We have our eyes on these comfy sweatpants. 
Dragon Glassware's Wicked-inspired glassware- includes this white wine and red wine set, with Elphaba and Glinda stems. We also have our eyes on their insulated tumbler. 
Emily Burack (she/her) is the Senior News Editor for Town & Country, where she covers entertainment, celebrities, the royals, and a wide range of other topics. Before joining T&C, she was the deputy managing editor at Hey Alma, a Jewish culture site. Follow her @emburack on Twitter and Instagram.
Jesse Armstrong's Next Project
How to Watch 'Conclave'
A Primer for Christopher Nolan's ‘The Odyssey’
Who Will Be the Next James Bond?
The Best Easter Movies 
What We Know About the Third Downton Abbey Movie
The Best Movies of 2025... So Far
Anne Hathaway to Star in 'Verity'
How to Watch Oscar Winning Film ‘The Brutalist’
How to Watch Anora
Sean Baker Sets a New Oscar Record
Mikey Madison Wins Best Actress at the 2025 Oscars
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.