VU Volleyball earns All-Region 24 honors
VINCENNES, Ind. – Four members of the 2024 NJCAA Division I Region 24 Champion Vincennes University volleyball team earned All-Region 24 honors earlier this week.
Trailblazer sophomores Isadora Dias (Rio Grande de Norte, Brazil), Elisa Dalla Pozza (Vincenza, Italy), Laura Tavares (Merida, Venezuela) and Libby Mehringer (Jasper, Ind.) all closed out the VU careers by earning All-Region 24 honors, including Dias earned 2024 NJCAA Division I Region 24 Player of the Year honors.
Dias had a breakout year for the Trailblazers, serving as a constant fixture on the court for the Blue and Gold this season.
Dias led the Trailblazers with an outstanding 465 kills during the 2024 season, averaging 3.25 kills per set.
Dias also contributed on the floor with 341 digs, 53 blocks, 35 set assists and 25 aces this past season.
Dias currently sits number five this season in all of NJCAA Division I volleyball in kills.
Dias finished out the season with 13 double-doubles and her best hitting match coming against Kaskaskia College in the opening round of the 2024 Region 24 tournament.
Dias finished that game with 13 kills and 14 digs while having a hitting percentage of .520.
Dias closes out her Trailblazer volleyball career with 716 kills, 454 digs, 129 blocks, 41 set assists and 34 aces.
Dias becomes the fifth NJCAA Division I Region 24 Player of the Year honoree for the Trailblazers since moving to Division I in 2016, joining the list of two-time Player of the Year Paige Parlanti (Las Vegas, Nev.), 2021 honoree Grace Earp (Mattoon, Ill.) and 2018 recipient Alison Smith (Oakland, Ill.).
Dias earned Third Team Academic All-American honors last year and was also named to the 2024 Blazer Classic All-Tournament team.
“Being named the 2024 Region 24 Player of the Year is such an honor and it means the world to me,” Dias said. “As an international student, this recognition feels even more special as it reflects not just the hard work and dedication I’ve put into this sport, but also the sacrifices I’ve made to pursue my dreams far from home. It’s also a recognition of the incredible support I’ve received from my coaches, teammates and family, especially my parents, Fabíola Batista and Afonso Melo, who have always been there for me no matter the distance.”
“My favorite memory at VU has to be winning the Region 24 Championship,” Dias added. “It just so happened to fall on the same day as my birthday. It was honestly the best birthday present I could have asked for. Being able to celebrate that win with my teammates made it even more special. The energy, the excitement and the sense of accomplishment we shared in that moment was unforgettable.”
“The best advice I can give is value teamwork and be coachable,” Dias said. “No matter how much talent you have, you can’t achieve success alone. A team’s strength comes from how well everyone works together, supports one another and pushes each other to improve. Appreciate and prioritize collaboration. When the team succeeds, everyone succeeds. Be open to learning and take feedback seriously. Show up with a positive attitude, give your best effort and encourage your teammates. And above all, always stay humble. If you keep those principles in mind, the recognitions and awards should follow but it will be because of your commitment to the team and to continuous growth.”
Sophomore Elisa Dalla Pozza earned First Team All-Region 24 honors for the second year in a row continuing to serve as VU’s imposing blocking force at the net.
Dalla Pozza improved on her outstanding freshman campaign to finish the 2024 season with 350 kills, 164 blocks, 145 digs, 56 aces and 33 set assists and a season long hitting percentage of .376.
Dalla Pozza is currently the NJCAA Division I leader in blocks this season and is second in the nation in block assists.
Dalla Pozza earned Second Team Academic All-American honors and was named to the All-Tournament teams for both the 2024 Blazer Classic and 2024 Showdown on the Wabash tournaments this season.
Dalla Pozza closed out her time in the Blue and Gold with 566 kills, 315 blocks, 230 digs, 98 aces and 51 set assists.
“Surely having achieved this goal again states that I work with consistency and dedication,” Dalla Pozza said. “I am grateful to have worked together with my teammates and with the coaches in overcoming difficult moments in such a way as to fix what led us to success as a team.”
“Probably one of my favorite memories is the victory over Southwestern Illinois in the Region 24 final,” Dalla Pozza said. “Then one thing I am proud of is that after a period of personal frustration, I was able to communicate with my team and reach the bond that led us to obtain victories and successes.”
“To the next players at VU, I would like to advise that in periods of personal and team frustration, it is necessary to remember the reasons why you have chosen to play volleyball and know how to collaborate with your teammates and coaches,” Dalla Pozza said.
Sophomore Laura Tavares had an outstanding sophomore season, stepping in as the main hitter for the Vincennes University offense.
Tavares closed out her 2024 season with 448 kills, 127 digs, 97 blocks, 17 set assists and five aces.
Tavares currently sits eighth in all of NJCAA Division I volleyball in kills this season.
Tavares twice finished a match with 19 kills and had four matches of 18 kills, including back-to-back matches against Snead State and Wallace State at the 2024 Wallace State C.C. Fall Bash.
Tavares closed out that weekend in Alabama with her best hitting performance of the season, recording 14 kills with an unreal .722 hitting percentage against Lawson State Community College.
Tavares closed out her Vincennes University career with 778 kills, 231 digs, 210 blocks, 25 set assists and 15 aces.
Tavares earned Third Team Academic All-American honors as a freshman and was named to the 2024 Showdown on the Wabash All-Tournament team.
“Being named Second Team All-Region 24 means to me a lot of happiness and effort because thanks to that, I can reach all the different goals I have in my life,” Tavares said. “Because of the effort and preparation my teammates and I were able to be Region Champions again. I would never be able to say I did this on my own, so I have to thank a lot of my teammates and coaches. Thanks to Coach Ariana for her sensibility, kindness and love of the sport and for us.”
“When I first got here my principal goals were to succeed on the volleyball court and in my academics,” Tavares added. “I did everything I could and put all my effort on it, even though sometimes there were sacrifices, this sophomore year gave me the rewards and the satisfaction of collecting my prizes after working so hard for them.”
“It’s hard for me to choose a specific memory because I have so many that are my favorites,” Tavares said. “The biggest memory from VU that I will remember for life are the people I found here and what they have taught me. I have met so many people since I got here but I also have made really good friends and I hope they stay in my life for a long time. I have to say that my time here has changed me for the good and made me more careful, thoughtful and mature. My biggest memory is always going to be the love, respect, support, changes and the tears of happiness and growth people gave me during this time.”
“The advice I would give to all the upcoming Trailblazers is to never give up,” Tavares added. “To fight for your dreams and for your goals and to put little goals inside the bigger ones so you will feel you’re always achieving your goals, therefore you will be more motivated.”
“Effort and sacrifices will give you what you desire but you have to work for it with discipline and respecting yourself,” Tavares said. “There is nothing like the happiness of thanking yourself when you get what you wanted.”
Sophomore setter Libby Mehringer rounds out the list of VU honorees after spending all year as the Trailblazers top setter and number one server.
Mehringer is currently 17th in the nation this season with a total of 829 set assists, while also finishing her sophomore season with 286 digs, 114 kills, 91 aces and 27 blocks.
Mehringer had 20 matches this season of 20 or more set assists, including six matches with at least 30 set assists.
Mehringer’s season high came against Wallace State Community College at the 2024 Showdown on the Wabash tournament where she picked up a double-double with 39 set assists and 13 digs.
Mehringer closed out her Vincennes University career with a total of 1,060 set assists, 371 digs, 136 kills, 131 aces and 31 blocks.
“Being named to the 2024 Second Team All-Region 24 is an incredible honor and recognition of all the hard work, dedication and effort I have given through my 10 years of playing this amazing sport,” Mehringer said. “Of course, I wouldn’t be able to be where I am without being a part of a team that pushes each other to be at their best and supports each other no matter what.”
“I think my favorite memory would have to be the moments I shared with my teammates during the Region tournament this year,” Mehringer added. “We had to fight so hard for that Championship and it created a sense of unity as a team. But in the end, I am most grateful for the relationships I have been able to build throughout this season.”
“My biggest piece of advice would have to be never quit trying to learn,” Mehringer said. “Show up every day, give your best and be coachable. Always remember that teamwork is crucial and being a good teammate and person is the most important thing at the end of the day.”
This collection of outstanding Trailblazer sophomores helped guide the Vincennes University volleyball team to a record of 30-13 this past season, including securing VU’s fourth straight NJCAA Division I Region 24 Championship and close out their Trailblazer careers with a combined record of 62-20 with a 32-3 record against Region 24 opponents.
The Vincennes University Athletic Department would like to congratulate Isadora, Elisa, Laura and Libby on a great season and this tremendous honor.
2024 NJCAA Division I All-Region 24 Teams
Player of the Year – Isadora Dias – Vincennes
First Team
Luciana Araujo – Lake Land
Sophie Hill – John A. Logan
Elisa Dalla Pozza – Vincennes
Gabbi Burkard – John A. Logan
Meikayla Graham – Southwestern Illinois
Reese Brunken – Lake Land
Second Team
Leigh Carnes – Lincoln Trail
Sarah Whittom – Kaskaskia
Laura Tavares – Vincennes
Emma Day – Southwestern Illinois
Libby Mehringer – Vincennes
Sophie Spanier – Wabash Valley