Grande should snag her fifth U.K. chart title with "Eternal Sunshine."

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Ariana Grande is fast out the blocks in the U.K., where Eternal Sunshine leads the chart race.

	Based on midweek sales and streaming data captured by the Official Charts Company, Grande should snag her fifth U.K. chart title with Eternal Sunshine (via Republic Records). 

	The U.S. pop star previously led the weekly survey with 2016’s Dangerous Woman, 2018’s Sweetener, 2019’s thank u, next and 2020’s Positions.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Bananarama		
					






















	
		
					Bleachers		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Grande’s seventh studio LP, Eternal Sunshine is also set to place three songs inside the top 20 of the Official Singles Chart, including lead single “yes, and?”, “we can’t be friends (wait for your love)” and “bye” (according to U.K. chart criteria, no more than three songs from one artist album can impact the national singles chart). 





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Meanwhile, British heavy metal veterans Judas Priest could bag a career best with their 19th and latest studio album, Invincible Shield (Columbia). Led by Rob Halford, Judas Priest’s career best is a No. 4 peak with 1980’s British Steel. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Completing an all-new top three on the chart blast is Bleachers’ eponymously-titled fourth studio LP (via Dirty Hit).  It’s new at No. 3 on the chart blast, and likely to set a new career peak position for Jack Antonoff’s U.S. pop-rock outfit. 

	‘80s girl group Bananarama could snag a first top 10 appearance in 36 years with hits retrospective Glorious – The Ultimate Collection (London Music Stream). It’s new at No. 6 on the Official Chart Update. Previously, the “Cruel Summer” singers enjoyed top tier spots with 1983 debut Deep Sea Skiving (at No. 8) and 1988’s The Greatest Hits Collection (No. 3). 

	Another all-female British pop outfit is eyeing a top 10 return — Girls Aloud. Following the release of a 20th anniversary reissue, including three previously-unheard tracks featuring vocals from late band member Sarah Harding, Girls Aloud’s sophomore album from 2004 record What Will The Neighbours Say? (Polydor/UMR) is tracking for No. 10.

	Finally, new releases from Grace Petrie (Build Something Better at No. 17 via Robots Need Home), Norah Jones (Visions at No. 35 via EMI) and former Sonic Youth star Kim Gordon (The Collective at No. 37 via Matador) are on target for top 40 berths. 

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Albums Chart is published late Friday, March 15.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.