Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Target has teamed up with Wicked on a massive collection containing 150 movie-inspired products.
POPULAR
Target has released a new commercial for their expansive partnership with Universal Pictures' Wicked movie. The ad features Target customers attempting the iconic Defying Gravity riff as they shop for their Wicked merch before culminating in an appearance by Cynthia Erivo herself. Watch the commercial below!
A post shared by Target (@target)
As previously reported, Target has teamed up with Wicked on a massive collection containing 150 movie-inspired products, including an apparel and accessories line created by the film’s Costume Designer Paul Tazewell. Highlights include a black stripe cardigan based on the Shiz University uniforms from the film and a “Wicked” “W” sweater for adults, along with kids’ dresses, graphic tees and a “Sky is the Limit” hoodie.
The collection also includes Mattel’s Elphaba Singing Doll, OPI Nail Lacquer “Wicked” Collection, and Bitty Boomers Elphaba and Glinda speakers, as well as film-inspired beauty collections from It Brushes For Ulta, Beekman 1802 bath, body and skincare, and makeup from “Wicked” star Ariana Grande’s r.e.m. beauty line available at Ulta Beauty at Target locations for a limited time only.
The Wicked film adaptation stars Cynthia Erivo as Elphaba and Ariana Grande as Glinda. Joining them is Jonathan Bailey as Fiyero, Ethan Slater as Boq, Michelle Yeoh as Madame Morrible, and Jeff Goldblum as the Wizard. The first part will be released on November 22, 2024, with Part Two hitting theaters on November 21, 2025.
In Operation Mincemeat, it’s 1943, and the Allied Forces are on the ropes. Luckily, they’ve got a trick up their sleeve. Well, not up their sleeve, per se, but rather inside the pocket of a stolen corpse. Equal parts farce, thriller, and Ian Fleming-style spy caper (with an assist from Mr. Fleming himself), Operation Mincemeat tells the wildly improbable and hilarious true story of the covert operation that turned the tide of WWII.
In a recent interview, Jeff Goldblum shared a bit about the musical number 'Wonderful,' which he performs in Wicked: For Good alongside Cynthia Erivo.
Jeremy Jordan has joined the ranks of Amanda Seyfried, Cristin Milioti, and other talented performers who are speaking out about their Wicked movie auditions.
The Cinema Foundation has confirmed that attendees of their Sneak Peek Showcase, which plays in theaters on April 22 and April 24, may be the first people outside of CinemaCon to see the first trailer for Wicked: For Good. 
A new version of the Wicked soundtrack will be released tonight at midnight, which features cast and filmmaker commentary, including from Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo. 
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy