The diva duo will be heard together this Friday (Feb. 16).

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


	Even Ariana Grande can’t believe it. The singer revealed on Wednesday (Feb. 14) that she will be teaming up with the “queen of my heart” Mariah Carey on a remix of her “Yes, And?” single. In an Instagram post featuring a photo of the two women leaning in and touching foreheads, Grande said, “I cannot believe the words i am typing,” while announcing the remix due out on Friday (Feb. 16), calling MC her “lifelong inspiration.”

	“There truly are no words that suffice. thank you from the bottom of my heart for this dream come true and for sprinkling your brilliance and magic on my little song @mariahcarey,” Grande added. “It means more to me than i could ever possibly articulate and i cannot wait for everyone to hear this ! i love you eternally !!!!!!!” Carey re-posted the same image and message on her Insta.

	










	It will mark the second time the two vocal powerhouses have teamed up, following on the heels of Grande appearing on a 2020 remix of Mariah’s Christmas song “Oh Santa!” alongside Jennifer Hudson as well as Grande’s December cameo at one of Carey’s Christmas shows in New York. 

	Grande appeared in the first trailer for the live action adaptation of Wicked during Sunday’s Super Bowl LVIII, in which her Glinda the Good Witch stars opposite Cynthia Erivo’s Elphaba. While the film isn’t due out until the fall, Grande’s upcoming album, Eternal Sunshine, will drop on March 8. The singer recently revealed that she will not release another single until after the album’s release. 

	Check out Grande’s post below.
A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.