Ariana Grande clapped back at criticism over the way she speaks, saying that switching between different inflections is "normal."
Ariana Grande has no tears left to cry over criticism of her voice.
In fact, the Grammy winner doesn't think it's a big deal that she can switch between two different accents. Approaching a viral video of her changing vocal inflections with a "yes, and?" attitude, Ariana noted that the shift is "a normal thing people do, especially if you have a large range.”
“I did just spend a long time playing a character every single day,” Ariana said on the July 9 episode of the Shut Up Evan podcast, referring to her role as Glinda in the upcoming Wicked movie musical. "Muscle memory is a real thing."
The 31-year-old also pointed out how there seems to be a double standard when male actors unintentionally stay in character after filming.
"Sure, people make jokes here and there as well, but it’s always after the fact, ‘Oh wow, how dedicated to his craft! What an amazing transformation! He’s a brilliant performer!'" she continued. “But then it’s like, god forbid I sneeze like Glinda."
This is not the first time Ariana defended her ever-changing voice. When a critic called out the "Dangerous Woman" singer last month, she clapped back, saying that the varying inflections are for her "vocal health."
"I intentionally change my vocal placement (high / low) often depending on how much singing i'm doing," she wrote in the comments section of a TikTok video about her speech patterns. "I've always done this BYE."
And Ariana is now ready to say "thank u, next" to all the buzz over the viral moment. After all, she told Evan Ross Katz on his podcast that she's been resisting the urge to publicly address internet chatter.
"I’ve sent you so many drafts of things that I’ve been like, 'I want to say this so badly,'" she told the host. “And I always come back around to protecting and not taking that bait."
Ariana continued, “Protecting that peace and privacy is actually far more important than the understanding and approval of letting people in in that way."
Keep reading to revisit Ariana's evolution over the years. 
Ariana Grande dazzled in a salmon pink dress at the 2010 MTV Movie Awards. This look made her vibrant red hair pop!
The Sam & Cat star stunned in a charming white mini-dress at the 2011 Grammy Awards. She paired her simple, yet striking outfit with sparkly gold heels and dainty jewelry pieces.
Looking like a modern-day Jessica Rabbit with her blinding Dolce & Gabbana red dress, Ariana shimmered at the 2013 American Music Awards.
Serving fans retro charm in her custom Kenley Collins dress, the Scream Queens actress looked perfectly polished at the 2013 Style Awards.
The "Dangerous Woman" singer made a splash at the 2014 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards. Matching the orange carpet, Grande wore a vibrant mini-dress and pairs it with white pumps and a whimsical clutch.
Ariana oozed with old Hollywood glamour at the 2014 American Music Awards. She opted for a floor-length black lace gown from MT Costello.
Wearing a white gown with silver lamé mesh at the 2015 Grammy Awards, Ariana shined as bright as the flashing lights on the red carpet.
Beaming in a floral beaded, peplum mini-dress at the 2015 American Music Awards, Ariana stunned in this statement-making piece from Giambattista Valli.
Ariana made a bold fashion choice wearing an all-white ensemble at KISS FM in 2015. While most are scared to get an outfit like that dirty, the Nickelodeon alum wasn't afraid to take that risk! 
Ditching the usual dress at the 2016 American Music Awards, the "Problem" artist opted for a sexy corset top and elegant white pants.
Ariana rocked a funky fresh outfit at the 2016 Hairspray Live! press junket. She sizzled in oversized overalls, a bralette and a bedazzled choker necklace.
Ariana brought the heat to the 2016 Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas. Her Atelier Versace dress highlighted her playful side with its unique cut-out design and bright colors.
Ariana took fans to church with her Sistine Chapel-inspired dress at the 2018 Met Gala. Megan McCluskey designed the gown in keeping with event's theme of "Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination."
Ariana looked like a cotton candy dream in her pastel pink ensemble at the 2018 iHeartRadio Wango Tango event. Giving us '90s nostalgia, she rocked platinum sneakers, matching ankle socks and an oversized sweater that states, "girls girls girls."
The "7 Rings" singer looked regal and elegant in her custom Christian Siriano dress, which she perfectly dubbed the "loofah of the year" lewk. Of course, she tied her outfit together by wearing her signature thigh-high boots.
Not only did the pop star turned heads with two outfit changes at the 2020 Grammys red carpet, but her platinum blonde pony was all anyone could talk about at the time.
Ariana said thank u, next to her signature high pony with a selfie that showed off her natural curls in 2020.
The "Positions" singer channeled Jennifer Garner's 13 Going on 30 character in 2021.
The Wicked actress debuted a dramatic blonde look in October 2022.
Wickedly Good
Ariana channeled Glinda the Good Witch in a pink Giambattista Valli gown at the 2024 Oscars.
Goddess of the Garden
For the 2024 Met Gala, which had a "Garden of Time" dress code to celebrate the "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" exhibit, Ariana wore an ethereal white gown from Loewe featuring a mother of pearl bodice—a nod to her birthstone—and long chiffon skirt.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.