Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Taurus and Cancer are a match made in astrological heaven! Simply put, they speak each others' languages.
Together, Taurus and Cancer make for a nurturing and stable union. Taurus, an earth sign, brings reliability, practicality and a love for the finer things in life. Cancer, a water sign, brings emotional depth, intuition and a strong sense of home. They both value commitment and are quite affectionate. Both have a love for domestic pleasures and love to keep one another company. 
Overall, this has the potential to be a warm and supportive relationship and among the most compatible for Cancer and Taurus. Here's what to know.
Dates: Approximately April 20 to May 20
Element: Earth
Modality: Fixed
Planetary ruler: Venus
Represented by: The bull
Famous Tauruses: Queen Elizabeth II, Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson, Adele, Channing Tatum, George Clooney, Cher, Cate Blanchett, William Shakespeare, Penelope Cruz, Mark Zuckerberg, Megan Fox, Jack Nicholson, Stevie Wonder, Robert Pattinson, David Beckham
Dates: Approximately June 21 to July 22
Element: Water 
Modality: Cardinal 
Planetary ruler: The moon 
Represented by: The crab
Famous Cancers: Selena Gomez, Khloé Kardashian, Sylvester Stallone, Ariana Grande, Elon Musk, Sandra Oh, Tom Cruise, Tia and Tamera Mowry, Solange Knowles, Kevin Hart, Meryl Streep, Prince William, Margot Robbie  
What does “grounded” mean to a Taurus? It means comfortable! This Earth sign loves to cultivate a sense of coziness, whether that means curling up in a blanket or simply spending time in the presence of loved ones, without a word exchanged. While they have busy social lives, they do require time to recharge between obligations, and they love to sleep. Although their love of relaxing gives them a reputation for being lazy, they tend to be quite ambitious and can achieve lofty goals when they set their minds. They are big-hearted and compassionate hosts. 
As the homebody of the zodiac, Cancers take pride in making people feel at ease — but they don’t let everyone into their inner circle. Luckily, once they trust someone, they’re in for good. Cancers’ intuition is their compass; they might not know why they feel a certain why, but they know to trust their guts. Cancers are deep feelers and are in search of relationships that give their lives meaning. In terms of friendship, Cancers will always support those they love — even taking on the emotional baggage of their besties. They don’t need words to know what’s goin on.
Taurus and Cancer are known to be compatible. Taurus' stability, reliability, and practicality complements Cancer’s emotional depth and intuition. Homebodies at heart, they both make commitment a priority while fostering a nurturing environment. They share a love of domestic pleasures and create a secure foundation for making sure their connection is long-lasting. Taurus and Cancer will find comfort in understanding one another. Their relationship is based on loyalty and support. 
Friendship between Taurus and Cancer is built on a solid foundation of trust and understanding. You won’t see them out partying but they may hang out a lot at each other’s homes. Ever solid, Taurus can handle Cancer's moods and will appreciate their emotional insight. Both signs will support the other and will appreciate being supported back. They have an appreciation for the simple joys of life. 
Taurus and Cancer form a deeply emotional and nurturing partnership. Taurus is stable, loyal and practical while Cancer is emotional, intuitive and home-oriented. These two have a harmonious and loving partnership. Taurus’ reliability pairs well with Cancer’s sensitivity. Cancer and Taurus appreciate the comforts of home and will spend time together, just the two of them. They are committed to building a lasting and affectionate romance. They find security and warmth in each other’s arms, making their love enduring and supportive. 
A marriage between Taurus and Cancer has the potential to be stable, enduring and emotionally fulfilling. Taurus brings reliability, loyalty and practicality while Cancer adds intuition, nurturing, and a strong sense of home. They have a secure and harmonious marital bond. These signs prioritize commitment and their shared values will contribute to a long-lasting marriage. They will most likely invest in the perfect home where they can stay together forever. 
At work, Taurus and Cancer are complementary and supportive to one another. Taurus is the reliable and practical one who contributes stability to the workplace. Cancer is emotional and intuitive and will sprinkle in caring and understanding. Together they have a harmonious working relationship that is rooted in loyalty and commitment. Taurus will focus on getting results while Cancer supports their efforts in every way, making them excellent collaborators. They have a shared dedication to their team’s well-being and foster success in a positive and productive work environment.
Barbra Streisand (Taurus) and James Brolin (Cancer)
Gal Gadot (Taurus) and Jaron Varsano (Cancer)
Ariana Grande (Cancer) and Dalton Gomez (Taurus)
Lisa Stardust is a New York City-based astrologer. Stardust is the resident astrologer for Oprah Magazine, Teen Vogue and The Hoodwitch. She has two upcoming books: “Saturn Return Survival Guide: Navigating this cosmic rite of passage” is due out this May from Hardie Grant Books and “The Cosmic Deck” from Chronicle Books is due out in November. Follow Lisa on Instagram for her daily horoscopes @lisastardustastro.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.