Our latest episode covers four artists who didn't make the top two of our 2024 rankings, but very easily could have.

													By
												

	Andrew Unterberger


	This week on the Greatest Pop Stars podcast, we have begun unveiling the top 10 of our Greatest Pop Stars of 2024 list — and even though we’re still a few days away from the unveiling of our top two (coming up this Monday, Dec. 3), we’re already well in the thick of artists who were given strong consideration for the top spot. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Ariana Grande		
					






















	
		
					Chappell Roan		
					






















	
		
					Taylor Swift		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	On our latest episode, host Andrew Unterberger is joined by Billboard Pride editor Stephen Daw and staff writer Hannah Dailey to talk about our Nos. 6 through 3 artists, which we unveiled Wednesday and Thursday (Dec. 18-19) this week. We start at No. 6 with Ariana Grande, an all-century pop star whose 2024 got off to a great start, was in danger of being overshadowed by an impossibly packed summer, and now is ending even stronger than it began. We discuss our feelings about Eternal Sunshine and Wicked and debate how long the wait is likely to actually be until we next get new music from her. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Then, at No. 5 (we remember the Year of Charli XCX (25:30), a pop star whose brilliance seemed destined to be underappreciated in her own time, but which everyone seemed to finally realize at once in 2024. We share our memories of the impossible highs of Brat Summer, and what it was about this era of Charli’s — and how it kept expanding and evolving over those months — that made her truly unignorable in the larger pop culture. We also offer takes on what the true greatest artistic achievement of her year was, and play a fun guessing game related to the Brat and It’s Completely Different But Also Still Brat remix album.




			Trending on Billboard		






	After that, at No. 4, it’s Chappell Roan (1:05:30), an absolute supernova of a 2024 pop star, who emerged from cult hero-dom to scorch her way through the mainstream this year. We talk about what it means for pop stardom in general in 2024 that someone once believed to be primarily be a niche artist like Roan could unquestionably become one of the biggest stars in the world, and we marvel at how she was able to dominate the year while only releasing one new song. We also look at what the next year or two could look like for Roan as she acclimates to her insane new life circumstances and (hopefully) prepares for a globe-conquering second album.

	Finally, at No. 3 (1:42:30), it’s Taylor Swift, already one of the greatest pop stars of all time. We discuss the cases for whether she’s too high on this list, too low or just right. We also look back at the legacies of her charts-conquering The Tortured Poets Department and her globe-conquering Eras Tour, and wonder what the hell she could possibly do next to try to follow all of it up. (Don’t worry, we have ideas.) 

	










	Check it all out above, and be sure to come back on Monday (Dec. 23) as we reveal our brutally difficult decision for the top two Greatest Pop Stars of 2024.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.