Virgin Radio
23 Jul 2024, 14:25
Credit: Getty
Kamala Harris’ campaign for president just got a major boost from none other than Queen Bey herself!
In a dazzling display of support, Kamala Harris made her grand entrance to her campaign headquarters in Wilmington, Delaware, on Monday night, striding in to the empowering beats of Beyoncé’s hit song Freedom. 
The atmosphere was electric, and it’s no surprise considering the heavyweight backing from the global superstar.
A Harris insider told CNN that the campaign team received prior authorisation from Beyoncé’s representatives to use the song. 
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Watch Paul Heaton and Norman Cook's brilliant 'hotel room rehearsal' for Glastonbury
Coldplay to light up Wembley with a 10-night residency
90s boy band throw hat in the ring for Eurovision 2025 as they line up ‘the perfect song’
------------------------------------
This is a monumental endorsement as Beyoncé is notoriously protective of her music. 
She doesn’t just hand out permission to use her tracks to anyone, but Kamala passed the test with flying colours. 
Within hours of the request, Beyoncé gave the green light to play Freedom.
Though Beyoncé hasn't officially endorsed Harris just yet, it seems likely that the singer's support is more than just a one-hit wonder. 
Tina Knowles, Beyoncé’s mother, has already thrown her weight behind Kamala, and it might not be long before Bey herself does the same.
Kamala Harris hasn't secured the Democratic presidential nomination yet, but she’s the favourite, thanks to robust support from donors and party leaders. With enough delegate backing, she’s poised to cross the finish line.
The music world is abuzz with excitement following Joe Biden’s decision not to seek re-election. High-profile artists like Cardi B, John Legend, Ariana Grande, and more have rushed to endorse Kamala Harris for the 2024 U.S. presidential election.
Cardi B, never one to shy away from expressing her opinions, took to X (formerly Twitter) with a jubilant: “AHAHAHAHA LETS GOOOOO I TOLD YALLL KAMALA WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE 2024 candidate… STOP F****** PLAYIN WITH ME!!!!!!”
Meanwhile, on Instagram, Ariana Grande shared Biden’s post endorsing Harris, and Lil Nas X tweeted: “Ur seat is ready madam president… lock in lil bro! @KamalaHarris.” 
The social media frenzy continued with John Legend, who praised Biden's tenure but acknowledged the inevitability of time and age, before endorsing Harris as the next presidential hopeful.
Charli XCX, ever the icon of the digital age, chimed in on X with a simple yet effective: “kamala IS brat.” 
This clever nod inspired Harris’ campaign to update its banner image on their HQ page, spoofing Charli XCX’s album, Brat, which has enjoyed viral fame since its release in June.
Harris has also become a meme sensation herself, with the phrase: “You think you just fell out of a coconut tree?” from a speech last May. 
In it, she emphasised the importance of focusing on young people and their communities, making a point that no one exists in isolation. 
The line, delivered with Harris' characteristic humour, quickly went viral, featuring in over 18,000 TikTok videos.
For ongoing US election coverage listen to Times Radio.
Advertisement
Bruno Tonioli gets the boot from Britain's Got Talent, but is Alan Carr stepping in?
Comedian shares health update on his ongoing struggle with Parkinson's disease.
When will the award-winning singing competition return to our screens?
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit