Some Taylor Swift fans have decided they no longer want to attend her Wembley Stadium shows following the Vienna terror threat.
The pop star's three performances in Vienna, Austria, were cancelled over an apparent plot to launch a terrorist attack at her concert venue in the city. She was set to perform at the Ernst Happel Stadium on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, and is next due to play five dates at London's Wembley Stadium between Thursday August 15 and Tuesday August 20.
Taylor is "horrified" at the thought of the terror attack after the tragedy of Ariana Grande's devastating Manchester gig. Authorities have arrested two suspected extremists, one of whom appeared to be planning an attack on the event in the Vienna area. The 19-year-old main suspect was arrested in Ternitz, south of Vienna, and the second person in the Austrian capital.
The 19-year-old's arrest took place in the early hours of Wednesday, while the second arrest took place in Vienna later in the day. Franz Ruf, the public security director at Austria's interior ministry, said the 19-year-old pledged an oath of allegiance to the Islamic State group.
It has left some fans thinking twice about heading to Wembley Stadium to see the singer next week despite authorities insisting the shows will still go ahead. One fan said: "After seeing taylor swift cancelling the shows for Vienna is anyone else scared to go to wembly to see her in London ?"
Another added: "is anyone please selling a ticket to taylor swift in london next week august 15 ??? i dont feel comfortable going and waiting around the arena with everything going on." While one fan has already decided to cancel their trip. Posting on X, they said: "Having to cancel my trip to London to see Taylor Swift because people can't just not be a******s is insane, my anxiety won't even let me think of stepping foot in London and even worse the stadium.
Other fans have been using the social media platform to flog their tickets. There have been countless posts of fans trying to sell their tickets to the shows following the incident in Vienna. However, Lloyds Bank has already warned Taylor Swift fans have lost an estimated £1million to ticket fraudsters.
The Mayor of London issued a defiant statement to reassure fans. Sadiq Khan told Sky News : "We have a huge amount of experience in policing these events, we're never complacent, many lessons were learned after the awful Manchester Arena attack. The police work closely, not just with City Hall, but with councils, but also with those who host concerts, like the Taylor Swift concert coming up over the next couple of weeks.
"I'm sure Vienna has got its own reasons to cancel the Taylor Swift concerts, we're going to carry on, working closely with police [and] ensuring that the Taylor Swift concerts can take place in London safely."
A Met Police spokesperson also told the Mirror : "London plays hosts to a significant number of very high profile events each year with millions of visitors having a safe and enjoyable experience. The Met works closely with venue security teams and other partners to ensure there are appropriate security and policing plans in place. There is nothing to indicate that the matters being investigated by the Austrian authorities will have an impact on upcoming events here in London."
Taylor has been left "horrified" by the Vienna threat as a source told The Mirror : "Taylor has been devastated by this. She is devastated for the fans who have been waiting for years to see her. But the thought of what could have happened if the concerts had been targeted by a terror attack is horrifying, and she would never risk the safety of her fans.
"The memory of what happened at Ariana Grande's concert in Manchester is still very vivid in everyone's minds. But she has told her team that she wants to try to return to Vienna as soon as possible in the future. She is very conscious of how disappointed her fans in Austria are."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.