FILE - Ariana Grande attends the 13th annual Billboard Women in Music event on Dec. 6, 2018, in New York. On Wednesday, Dec. 27, 2023, Grande announced that she will release a new album in 2024, her seventh studio album and first since 2020's "Positions." (Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP, File)Evan Agostini/Invision/AP
Pop superstar Ariana Grande has released her first single in three years, but apparently it’s not winning her many new fans on Instagram. In fact, it may be driving the departure of over 350,000 of her followers on the social media app.
The new song, titled “yes, and?” has debuted at number one on the Global Spotify Chart and garnered over 11 million streaming plays on the day of its release, according to Huffington Post.
However, she’s also lost over 369,000 followers on Instagram, according to the analytics websiteSocial Blade, most of them after the song’s January 12 release date.
The lyrics of the song can be interpreted as making reference to her relationship with Broadway star Ethan Slater, whom Grande co-stars with in the upcoming film adaptation of the musical “Wicked.”
The two have been linked romantically, following Grande’s split from her husband Dalton Gomez in 2023. News of her new relationship with Slater followed soon after. Slater was also noted to have recently ended his marriage with Lilly Jay.
Some fans were quick to note the timeline of the new relationship between Grande and Slater and cast aspersions about the timing of their connection. And while representatives of both Grande and Slater assert that the new couple didn’t get together until both had left previous relationships, the lyrics of Grande’s new song can certainly be read as a response to those criticisms.
The lyrics include lines such as “your business is yours and mine is mine / Why do you care so much whose [expletive] I ride?”
While song lyrics don’t always have to be autobiographical, some critics have pointed out Grande’s discography includes songs like “Break Up With Your Girlfriend, I’m Bored,” which seems to add fuel to the fire of those who want to blame her for Slater and James’ split.
Some responses on Twitter include comments like “being and promoting being a homewrecker is soooo ugly n not the serve yall think it is” and “I wouldn’t be so proud of being a homewrecker but ok.”
Grande still has plenty of supporters though, some of whom have responded with “she said what she said and she meant what she said!” and “oh she ate them up.”
“i’m not defending her at all, but an the end of the day we can never really know what happened,” wrote one commenter on Twitter. “we just know what they tell us or what we read on the internet and think we have the right to judge.”
And in the meantime, Grande is still sitting at 380 million followers on Instagram, so those departing her feed don’t seem to have made all that big of a dent.
You can watch the music video for “yes, and?” here on Youtube.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices