ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 26: Ariana Grande attends the 62nd Annual GRAMMY Awards at Staples ... More Center on January 26, 2020 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Axelle/Bauer-Griffin/FilmMagic)
It looks like Ariana Grande has another big hit single on her hands. The singer recently returned to music after a break with her highly-anticipated single “Yes, And?,” with fans snapping it up left and right. The tune has been dominating both the Spotify and iTunes charts ever since it dropped, and it seems like it’s headed for a lofty start on the Billboard charts in a few days.
There is a good chance that “Yes, And?” will debut at No. 1 on next week’s Hot 100. That starting point is far from certain, but several Billboard chart-predicting X accounts–as well as Billboard itself–have all suggested that there’s a high likelihood that Grande will earn another leader with her just-dropped cut.
If “Yes, And?” launches atop the Hot 100, it will mark Grande’s sixth No. 1 debut on the ranking of the most-consumed songs in the U.S. With one more instant smash, the singer and actress will break out of a tie with perhaps the most successful band on the planet at the moment.
Grande already counts five No. 1 debuts on the Hot 100 to her credit. She’s currently tied with BTS for the third-most immediate rulers of all time. If “Yes, And?” is able to open in first place, she’ll blow past the South Korean boy band–at least until they return.
If “Yes, And?” does become Grande’s sixth No. 1 debut on the Hot 100, she won’t be alone in that feat. Taylor Swift has already scored half a dozen quick rulers, so the two may tie in less than a week. Drake currently rules this bit of history, as he’s seen nine tracks launch atop the list.
At present, Grande faces tough competition from Jack Harlow. The rapper and singer’s current single “Lovin on Me” has now run the Hot 100 for three weeks, and it remains a very popular smash in America. Helping Grande potentially usurp the hip-hop musician will be strong sales–14 versions of “Yes, And?” are currently charting on iTunes–as well as consistent attention at streaming platforms like Spotify.