Posted in: NBC, Peacock, TV, YouTube | Tagged: Ariana Grande, josh brolin, nbc, saturday night live, snl
Check out this week's on-stage Saturday Night Live promos with host Josh Brolin, musical guest Ariana Grande, and SNL star Chloe Fineman.
Though the midweek sketch is a close second, NBC's Saturday Night Live on-stage promos on Thursday are always our favorite because it gives us a chance to see the host and musical guest together – like we have above with this weekend's host Josh Brolin & musical guest Ariana Grande, joined by SNL star Chloe Fineman. In the first promo, Brolin addresses that rumor about himself and his "Dune 2" co-star… no, his other co-star. Following that, Fineman lets Brolin know just how much she loved the film – but we think it's the cow that gives her away. Finally, Grande uses the trio running down highlights from this weekend's episode for a little genius marketing strategy…
And here's a look back at Brolin and the Saturday Night Live team during Wednesday night's read-thru:
A post shared by Saturday Night Live (@nbcsnl)
Back in November 2023, SNL fans got a chance to check out the official Season 49 cast image that Photographer Mary Ellen Matthews took – here's a look:
And here's the behind-the-scenes featurette that was released shortly after, spotlighting how it all came together:
NBC's Emmy Award-winning late-night comedy showcase "Saturday Night Live" returns for its 49th season of laughs, surprises and standout performances.
"SNL" is the most Emmy-nominated show in history and holds 93 Emmy wins (including awards for its specials and short-form series). "SNL" has been honored twice (1990 and 2009) with the prestigious George Foster Peabody Award and was inducted into the Broadcasting Hall of Fame. The show continues to garner the highest ratings and largest audience of any late-night television program, entertaining millions each week on linear and digital platforms.
Since its inception in 1975, "SNL" has launched the careers of many of the brightest comedy performers of their generation. "SNL" makes headlines with topical humor reflecting politics and current events, features an array of characters with a perspective on pop culture that remains unparalleled, and offers sharp political commentary through its signature "Weekend Update" segment. A variety show that is truly one of a kind, "SNL" also attracts the biggest stars of music to its stage for innovative viral performances.
NBC's Saturday Night Live Season 49 company includes Michael Che, Mikey Day, Andrew Dismukes, Chloe Fineman, Heidi Gardner, Marcello Hernandez, James Austin Johnson, Punkie Johnson, Colin Jost, Molly Kearney, Michael Longfellow, Ego Nwodim, Sarah Sherman, Kenan Thompson, Chloe Troast, Devon Walker, and Bowen Yang. SNL is executive-produced by Lorne Michaels, with Liz Patrick directing and SNL alum Darrell Hammond announcing. Broadcasting from Studio 8H in Rockefeller Center, the long-running late-night sketch comedy/music series is produced by SNL Studios in association with Universal Television and Broadway Video.
Enjoyed this? Please share on social media!