Wicked actor Ethan Slater—who starred opposite Ariana Grande, Cynthia Erivo and Jonathan Bailey in his first major film role—detailed the similarities he has with his character.
Ethan Slater knows Wicked is going to be a popular movie night choice for his son. 
For his first major film role, the Broadway actor was transported to the land of Oz in Wicked, and he expressed excitement for the prospect of someday sharing the 2024 film, which hits theaters Nov. 22, with his and ex-wife Lilly Jay's 2-year-old son. 
"That's a really special thing," Ethan gushed to E! @ Wicked hosts Zuri Hall and Justin Sylvester at the Nov. 9 Los Angeles premiere of the film. "It's going to be so moving. I'm crying already watching it, I can't imagine."
But Ethan—who for his part first saw the Broadway show when he was just 11 years old—shared that he had a similarly heartwarming experience when seeing the musical with another young family member.
"I got to share Wicked with my niece when she turned nine," the 32-year-old recalled. "And to watch her see that Broadway show, through her eyes, and what it meant to her—I can't wait to experience that again."
In the two-part adaptation of the Broadway smash hit, Ethan plays Boq, the Munchkin love interest of Nessarose, alongside a star-studded cast including Ariana Grande—his girlfriend of over a year—and Cynthia Erivo as Glinda the Good Witch and Elphaba, as well as Jonathan Bailey, Jeff Goldblum, Michelle Yeoh and more.
And while it means so much for SpongeBob SquarePants actor to eventually have his son see the movie, portraying the character has been magical for himself, too. 
"It's really cool," Ethan added. "I think the craziest thing is Wicked has been around for so long—for 20 years. Being a part of the legacy of Wicked that so many people love so much and getting to be a part of that love. I've always been a fan, so now being able to talk to people as one of the hundreds of Boqs."
Because the role is extremely meaningful to the 32-year-old, he was able to channel himself into his character seamlessly. 
"I love Boq because he's a well-intentioned guy looking for a community and looking for love," Ethan explained. "He would do anything for the people that he loves. And I actually admire that in Boq, and even if he stumbles and trips and makes mistakes—he's trying to lead with heart. So, I'd like to think I connected with him in that way."
Ethan's costars would agree that he shares his character's qualities. After all, Saturday Night Live's Bowen Yang—who plays Pfannee in the film—credited Ethan for bringing the cast together on set. 
“There are people in the world who are able to put other people on this accelerated path towards familiarity and friendship and fellowship," Bowen told GQ in an article published last month. "Ethan, I think more than almost everybody I’ve met, has that quality about him.”
Meanwhile, Ariana—who first went public with Ethan in July 2023—echoed Bowen, crediting her boyfriend's ability to put up with the scrutiny the couple faced early on in their relationship. 
As she told Vanity Fair in September, "No one on this earth tries harder or spreads themselves thinner to be there for the people that he loves and cares about."
And the “7 Rings” singer thinks that knowing Ethan has changed her for the good, adding, “There is no one on this earth with a better heart."
As for how Ethan feels about Ariana’s portrayal of Glinda the Good Witch in the film? He is beaming.
“I’m just really, really proud of Ari and the work she’s done on this,” he told GQ last month. “She’s poured herself into it. I’m really excited to be here for this next step of when the world gets to see the amazing thing that she did.”
Read on to see more of the Wicked stars that graced the red carpet.
(E!, Universal Pictures and Fandango are all part of the NBCUniversal family.)
Jennifer Lopez
Cynthia Erivo
Ariana Grande
Kristin Chenoweth
Idina Menzel
Cynthia Erivo & Ariana Grande
Jonathan Bailey
Ethan Slater
Normani
Michelle Yeoh
Marissa Bode
Tess McCracken & Stephen Nedoroscik
Emilie Livingston & Jeff Goldblum
Victoria Monét & Hazel Monét Gaines
Frankie Grande
Sarah Paulson
Karrueche Tran
Michaela Jae Rodriguez
The actress wore the Zodiac Necklace by Brilliant Earth jewelry
Sheryl Lee Ralph
Kevin McHale
Sasha Farber & Jenn Tran
Amanda Gorman
Laufey
Lena Waithe
Leah Kateb
Bronwyn James
Sophia Bush
Hayley Kiyoko
Troye Sivan
Ashley Tisdale
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.