It’s always a bummer to see a city you know or live in make one of those “worst places to live EVER” kind of lists, like this one. I, however, declare “poppycock!” to this list because it says that based on census reports, there are 7 cities that prove California is the most miserable state to live in. Playa, please!
via GIPHY
I lived in Orange County during the summer when I was 14 years old and I had an absolute blast there. Granted, I was still a child and not having to face the harsh realities of adulthood and I got to lounge around in the California sunshine a lot. My uncle, auntie, and baby cousins made being in California a place I loved to be. The kids in the neighborhood were cool and spoke Spanish. My aunt was born in Germany and spoke French and English at home, so I was surrounded by a blend of beautiful cultures, music, and food–which in my opinion is what makes living in California the complete opposite of miserable. There is a special vibe in the Cali air that I miss and yearn for.
In this article, I will dissect the 7 California cities that made Business Insider's list of the  “most miserable” cities in America, and hopefully show you why these cities don’t need the bad rep. Let's discover some of the best restaurants each city offers and take a peek at which notable celebs were born there. Finally, I’ll give you some fun ideas of things to do that makes living or visiting each city actually worth it.
FOUNDED: 1961
Bell Gardens has the oldest building in California, the Casa de Rancho San Antonio (Gage Mansion). The land was claimed by Spanish colonizers, Francisco and Antonio Lugo and they built a ranch on the property in 1795. (7000 East Gage Avenue) The Lugo family bequeathed it down the family tree until it was given as a dowry to a descendant’s husband, Henry Tifft Gage.
FUN FACT: If you have ever watched world poker championship tournaments, you have seen a piece of Bell Gardens. The Bike Casino (Bicycle Hotel and Casino) is 7 stories tall!
FOUNDED: 1888
There are a ton of celebrities that hail from the City of Compton, including Serena Williams, Easy E, Coolio, Ava DuVernay, Kendrick Lamar, Dr. Dre, and former Seattle Seahawks member of the dream team, Richard Sherman.
FOUNDED: 1912
If you are a WWE fan, you have likely heard of Jake Atlas. He was born in El Monte. Also born there with little fanfare is the famous horse, Mr. Ed. 
WILD FACT #1: The city of El Monte was part of the Confederacy and secessionist rebellions during the Civil War during the early 1860s. They got shut down by Union troops after the Battle of Fort Sumter.
WILD FACT #2: During the racist climate of the early 1950s, rock and roll concerts were pushed out of Los Angeles and El Monte offered up its stadium as a venue for performers, including Ritchie Valens, The Beatles and The Beach Boys.
WILD FACT #3: You know that Lion that "rawrs" in the MGM (Metro-Goldwyn Mayer) movie intro? It came from a lion farm in El Monte.
via GIPHY
FOUNDED: 1906
Huntington Park began as an exclusively white community that prevented any non-white residents, but has since become a thriving and primarily Latino community. It has a fun and huge 3-day parade and festival called Carnaval Primavera. Celebrities and Californians come from all over the state to attend this spring celebration every April.
Have you seen the movies Beaches, Knocked Up, and The Big Sick? Then you’ve heard the music from Huntington Park native, David Pack. Ser Anzoategui is an actor who hails from Huntington Park and they have acted in such shows as Shameless, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, and The Fosters.
WILD FACT: Huntington Park has gained the reputation of having the highest rates of obese children in the state of California.
FOUNDED: 1921
Weird Al Yankovic, Leslie Jones, Venus Williams, Kevin Costner and Jesse James are several of the celebs that were born in Lynwood. 
FOUNDED: 1920
Diseases brought over from Spanish colonizers killed off the majority indigenous population of the Tongva peoples during the 1500s. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt ordered that Japanese American farmers living in Montebello be taken as prisoners to internment camps. The city was originally an agricultural hub for flowers but once oil was discovered, fields of land were bought and used to produce oil.
Oscar de la Hoya, “Sona” from the Conan O’Brien Needs A Friend podcast, Judi Evans from Days of Our Lives, and Mira Nagasu are some of the celebs born in Montebello.
FOUNDED: 1886
During World War II, Palmdale became a hub for military aerospace and continues in modern times to employ Palmdale residents who work for Lockheed Martin and Boeing. It is surrounded by desert lands, and doesn’t get a lot of rain during the summers. The highest recorded summertime temperatures have reached 118 degrees.
Celebrities like Niecy Nash, Lise Cutter, and Disney animator Kameron J. Moore were born in Palmdale.
I think these 7 California cities don’t need the bad rep, but everything in the world is subjective. Whichever California city you end up visiting on your next adventure, have fun in Cali for me!
Report a typo or correction
Got a news tip? Email us here.
Gallery Credit: Amanda Silvestri
Gallery Credit: Annalise Mantz