The biggest names from the world of music have taken star billing on Glastonbury's Pyramid Stage over the years.
Past headliners at the Somerset music festival have included everyone from Sir Paul McCartney and Sir Elton John to The Killers, Kings of Leon and the Arctic Monkeys.
In 2008, Jay-Z became the first hip-hop artist to headline at the world's biggest greenfield festival - proving the sceptics wrong to show the music genre belonged at Glastonbury and arguably paving the way for Stormzy in 2019.
READ MORE: When does Glastonbury start and how long is it on for?
In 2020, Kendrick Lamar, Sir Paul McCartney and Taylor Swift were due to headline - but just six days after the announcement, the festival had to be cancelled due to the Covid pandemic.
Instead, when Glastonbury returned in 2022, Billie Eilish became the youngest-ever headliner. In the same year, Sir Paul took the title of oldest-ever headliner. Last year Sir Elton John drew a huge crowd to the coveted Sunday headline slot, bringing Glastonbury 2023 to a close with the final UK show of his farewell tour.
At Glastonbury 2024, pop star Dua Lipa, rock band Coldplay and American singer SZA will headline the Pyramid stage, while Shania Twain will take the Legends Slot.
Following the announcement, Dua Lipa - who will headline the stage on Friday, June 28 - told fans on Instagram: "I have dreamt of this moment all my life. Something that lived only in my wildest dreams and highest manifestations!!! I am so excited to see you all in my favourite place on earth and make it a night to remember!!”
Coldplay will make their first Pyramid Stage appearance since 2016 on the Saturday night, becoming the first act to headline Glastonbury five times. They move ahead of The Cure, who have taken a headline slot four times.
Grammy and Brit winner Sza, real name Solana Imani Rowe, will headline on the Sunday night. She is known for the songs Kill Bill, Snooze and Ghost In The Machine featuring Phoebe Bridgers.
A number of slots across the schedule have been left as “TBA”, including a space at 6pm on Saturday on the Woodsies stage. In previous years, acts such as the Foo Fighters, The Killers and Radiohead have surprised festival-goers in these secret slots.
Rock band Squeeze will open the Pyramid Stage on Friday at midday, followed by rising star Olivia Dean, K-pop group Seventeen and singer Paul Heaton. Later on, PJ Harvey and LCD Soundsystem will warm up for Dua Lipa.
Other highlights on Friday will include D-Block Europe and Idles playing the Other Stage, while Jungle top the bill on West Holts and Fontaines DC head up the Park Stage.
On Saturday, the main stage will welcome Nigerian singers Femi Kuti and Ayra Starr, followed by US ’80s chart-topper Cyndi Lauper and rock band Keane. Mercury Prize winner Michael Kiwanuka and British rapper Little Simz will also play on the Pyramid Stage in the evening before Coldplay tops the bill.
Meanwhile, on the Other Stage, the Saturday line-up includes Brit rising star winners The Last Dinner Party, US singer Camila Cabello and electronic duo Disclosure.
The main stage on the final day will open with a performance by Interlinked Ballet, with Seasick Steve and Paloma Faith set to take to the stage in the afternoon. US singer and actress Janelle Monae and Nigerian singer Burna Boy will take over for the evening session before Sza closes out the Pyramid Stage.
Sunday will also see US star Avril Lavigne, Northern Irish band Two Door Cinema Club and US rock band The National perform on the Other Stage.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.