Photo: Getty Images
JAY-Z's Roc Nation will continue curating the vibes for the Super Bowl Halftime Show until further notice. According to a report Bloomberg published on Tuesday, October 15, the NFL has decided to extend its partnership with Hov and his company to keep them in charge of booking entertainment for the league's tentpole performances. Roc Nation and the NFL have been working together since 2019 after they struck a five-year deal reportedly worth $25 million. Since then, Hov's company has booked all headlining acts for the Super Bowl Halftime Show and assisted with the league's social justice program Inspire Change. 
“It’s been a mutually positive relationship,” Goodell said about Roc Nation and its chief executive officer, Desiree Perez during a meeting with NFL owners in Atlanta. “I’m not sure either one of us really spend much time talking about contracts. Jay is happy. Desiree Perez is happy. I’m happy, so we’re all good.”The details behind Roc Nation and the NFL's extension have not been confirmed so it's not clear how long their partnership will last or how much it's worth. Nonetheless, Hov and his team are diligently working on their next big event coming up in 2025 despite ongoing criticism. Last month, the NFL announced that Kendrick Lamar would serve as the headliner for the Super Bowl Halftime Show in New Orleans. Almost immediately after the news broke, critics instantly brought up Lil Wayne and blasted the league and Roc Nation for not considering him as the headliner. Weezy himself said he was "hurt" when he learned about it. "That hurt. It hurt a lot," he said. "You know what I'm talking about. It hurt a whole lot. I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown. And for automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So I blame myself for that. But I thought that was nothing better than that spot and that stage and that platform in my city, so it hurt. It hurt a whole lot."There's no word on what to expect from K.Dot's set, but fans have been praying that he brings out Wayne to perform their collaboration "Mona Lisa." Super Bowl LIX is going down on February 9, 2025, at the Caesars Superdome in New Orleans.