The results are in: The No. 1 song on Billboard's all-genre Songs of the Summer chart for 2024 is Post Malone and Morgan Wallen's "I Had Some Help."
The song — which is the lead single off Post's F-1 Trillion album — has also enjoyed massive success on the Billboard Hot 100 and Billboard Country Airplay chart since its release back in May. The song spent six weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 chart this summer.
Wallen has long been a favorite on the Billboard charts, and his status as one of the hitmakers behind the No. 1 Song of the Summer comes along with a little bit of history-making. He has now topped the Song of the Summer chart for two years running.
In 2023, Wallen earned the title with his massive hit, "Last Night."
He's only the second artist ever — of any genre — to accomplish back-to-back Song of the Summer No. 1s. The first was Andy Gibb, who hit the top of the chart in 1977 with "I Just Want to Be Your Everything" and in 1978 with "Shadow Dancing."
But it's not just Wallen making an impression on this chart — country music in general has seen a spike on the Songs of the Summer chart in the past two years.
Prior to 2023, when Wallen topped it with "Last Night," no country song had come in at No. 1 on the chart since John Denver's "Annie's Song" in 1974, Billboard reports. That means that it took 49 years for country to reign atop the Songs of the Summer chart again.
Not only that, but in 2024, No. 2 on the chart was Shaboozey's "A Bar Song (Tipsy)." Last year, the No. 2 Song of the Summer was Luke Combs' Tracy Chapman cover, "Fast Car." That means that, for the past two years running, the country genre as reigned in the top two spots on the chart.
Other hits that fall inside the Billboard Songs of the Summer chart's Top 10 include two Sabrina Carpenter songs — "Espresso" and "Please Please Please" — Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" and more.
Carena Liptak is an Associate Editor and staff writer at Taste of Country. She specializes in breaking country music news, interviews and lists. In particular, she’s got a soft spot for sad songs — check out her roundup of the 50 Saddest Country Songs of All Time! 
Gallery Credit: Billy Dukes