By 

	Joseph Hudak


	While Lana Del Rey’s upcoming album The Right Person Will Stay may not be the pure country project she teased back in February, it does apparently feature one of Nashville’s most successful songwriters. Luke Laird, who co-wrote Carrie Underwood staples like “Last Name” and “Undo It,” along with hits for Luke Bryan, Miranda Lambert, and Little Big Town, posted his thanks to Del Rey for their upcoming collaboration.

	“Some of the most creatively fulfilling music I’ve ever been a part of,” Laird wrote on Instagram, shining light on Del Rey’s own, vague post announcing the album on Monday. “So grateful that my 13 tracks came together with my beautiful work between Luke, Jack, Zach and Drew Erickson among others,” she wrote.

	Along with Laird, Del Rey tagged frequent collaborators Antonoff,  Zach Dawes, and Drew Erickson, who all have producer credits on past LDR albums, including 2023’s Did You Know That There’s a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd. Antonoff confirmed that he was reuniting with LDR in an October interview with Time. “We have… yeah,” Antonoff said when asked if he was working with Del Rey. “[It’s] a story for another time. The reason why I don’t talk about things until they’re out is very succinct: I like to let the music be the first entry point for people.” (Last week, Antonoff also made news for his production work on Kendrick Lamar’s surprise-release album GNX.)

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	In an August interview with Vogue, Del Rey previewed the vibe of her upcoming project. “All my albums are somewhat rooted in Americana… so I don’t think it will be a heavy departure,” she said. “If anything, it will just be a little lighter lyrically, and more pointed in a classic country, American, or Southern Gothic production — which again, so many of my songs already are,” the singer added.

	Del Rey is set to perform at the country music festival Stagecoach in California in April, where she says she’ll be performing select songs off The Right Person Will Stay. She also announced a 2025 tour of the U.K.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.