Source: Amy Sussman / Getty
Tupac Shakur’s estate is up in arms against Drake, threatening legal action over his latest track that allegedly features an artificial intelligence-generated version of the late rapper’s voice, calling it a disrespectful misuse of his legacy.
Text “RICKEY” to 71007 to join the Rickey Smiley Morning Show mobile club for exclusive news. (Terms and conditions).
Drake dropped the track, titled “Taylor Made Freestyle,” on his Instagram last Friday. The song uses AI technology to mimic the voices of both Shakur and Snoop Dogg.
Howard King, representing Shakur’s estate, issued a cease-and-desist letter on Wednesday demanding Drake to remove the track from all public platforms. The deadline given to Drake for compliance is noon Thursday, failing which the estate plans to pursue legal recourse, according to the letter obtained by NBC News.
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK. FOLLOW US ON TWITTER AND INSTAGRAM. SUBSCRIBE TO OUR YOUTUBE. 
The diss track, “Taylor Made Freestyle,” is part of Drake’s ongoing feud with Kendrick Lamar and is not yet available on streaming platforms.
In the cease-and-desist letter, King expressed outrage, stating, “Not only is the record a flagrant violation of Tupac’s publicity and the estate’s legal rights, it is also a blatant abuse of the legacy of one of the greatest hip-hop artists of all time.” The estate contends they would never have authorized such use.
CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD OUR APP AND TAKE US WITH YOU ANYWHERE!
Shakur’s estate views Drake’s unauthorized use of Shakur’s likeness as a violation of his right to publicity, an intellectual property right protecting against the unauthorized use of someone’s name or image. The letter also expressed concerns that the track could mislead listeners into thinking the estate endorses the content.
The estate seeks damages, including all profits from the track, citing substantial economic and reputational harm caused. King also highlighted Drake’s use of Shakur’s voice against Lamar, a close friend to the estate, as an additional insult.
The release of “Taylor Made Freestyle” comes in the midst of tensions between Drake and Lamar, sparked by Lamar’s recent diss toward Drake and J. Cole in a guest verse on another song. Fans are now waiting to see if Drake will respond to Lamar’s jabs.
HEAD BACK TO THE RICKEYSMILEYMORNINGSHOW.COM HOMEPAGE


Tupac Shakur’s Estate Threatens Legal Action Against Drake Over AI-Generated Voice 
						was originally published on
						rickeysmileymorningshow.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.