Jack Antonoff of Bleachers performs during the the first weekend of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the Empire Polo Club on Saturday, April 13, 2024, in Indio, Calif.Amy Harris/Invision/AP
The indie pop band Bleachers, led by songwriter and producer Jack Antonoff, is performing at Beak and Skiff Apple Orchards in Lafayette, NY, on Saturday, June 8 (6/8/24) as part of their 2024 “From the Studio to the Stage” tour. The concert starts at 7:00 p.m.
The 18-stop tour is in support of their self-titled fourth studio album, released on March 8, 2024. It kicked off on May 18 in Salt Lake City, UT, and will conclude on June 15 in Asbury Park, NJ.
Frontman Jack Antonoff is one of the most influential artists in modern pop music. When he’s not writing and performing his own hits like “I Wanna Get Better,” “Don’t Take the Money” and “Rollercoaster,” he’s writing and producing for some of the biggest names in the industry, including Taylor Swift, Lana Del Rey, Kendrick Lamar, Lorde and so many more.
For two years in a row, he’s won the Grammy Award for Producer of the Year.
Tickets for Bleachers’ June 8 concert at Beak and Skiff Apple Orchards in Lafayette, NY, can be purchased through platforms like Vivid Seats, StubHub or SeatGeek.
Prices are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
Related: Taylor Swift’s 2024 ‘Eras Tour’ in Europe: Get tickets for as little as $76
Bleachers will be joined by indie singer-songwriter Samia on all tour dates, excluding the final date in Asbury Park, NJ.
Her second studio album, “Honey,” was released January 27, 2023. You can listen to it here.
Based on past setlists for previous tour dates, Bleachers will perform a 22-song setlist comprised of favorites like “Rollercoaster,” “Wake Me,” “Goodmorning,” “I Wanna Get Better,” “Don’t Take the Money” and “Stop Making This Hurt,” as well as songs off the new self-titled album, including “I Am Right on Time,” “Modern Girl,” “Jesus is Dead,” “Me Before You” and more.
The remaining tour dates include:
June 4 – Columbus, OH - KEMBA Live! (TICKETS)
June 5 – Pittsburgh, PA - Stage AE (TICKETS)
June 7 – New Haven, CT - Westville Music Bowl (TICKETS)
June 8 – Lafayette, NY - Beak and Skiff (TICKETS)
June 10 – Boston, MA - MGM Music Hall at Fenway (TICKETS)
June 12 – Philadelphia, PA - The Met (TICKETS)
June 14 – Washington, DC - The Anthem (TICKETS)
June 15 – Asbury Park, NJ - Stone Pony Summer Stage (TICKETS)
Bleachers’ new album, “Bleachers,” can be purchased on vinyl with multiple variants, including Urban Outfitters’ exclusive galaxy red vinyl, limited to just 1500 copies and clear vinyl from Walmart or Amazon.
The CD can also be purchased through Walmart or Amazon.
Stream “Bleachers” on Apple Music.
Listen to the album’s lead single, “Modern Girl”:
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices