By
Chlöe Bailey is clapping back at those claiming she’s trying to ruin Kendrick Lamar’s happy home.
On her Instagram Live earlier this week, Bailey spoke glowingly about K-Dot’s GNX album.  
“I’ve had it on repeat since it came out,” Chlöe said enthusiastically, reflecting on the project’s impact.
She also shared that she had a crush on the “Squabble Up” rapper as a teenager. 
“About eight years ago, I went through a whole Kendrick phase,” she explained. “I’ve had phases, right? I had a Frank Ocean phase, an FKA twigs phase, a Tune-Yards phase—and a Kendrick Lamar phase. During that time, I was convinced I was going to end up with him.”
Following her post, many speculated that Bailey was shooting her shot at Lamar. For several years, he’s been engaged to Whitney Alford.
To set the record straight, Bailey shared went live againg to be clear about what she meant.
“I’m not shooting my shot at a married man. I was talking about years and years ago and I was sharing how I was a diehard Kendrick fan from day one. Everyone just doesn’t like happiness. Everybody has to take everything so seriously. I would never,” she explained. “Honestly I don’t let stuff like that get to me anymore because I think it’s funny now how people take things out of context. I’m innocent, child!”
A post shared by Watch Live Bitez (@livebitez)
“If you guys won’t stop asking me about the Kendrick stuff! I was sharing my love for the album. And I was sharing my mindset at 17 years old. Just like how I shared my love for Omarion from B2K. Like come on, give me a break guys,” she continued.
After cleaning up any misconceptions about her post, Bailey performed at the 98th Macy’s Thanksgiving Parade. Although the weather was inclement, Bailey gave an incredible performance of “Boy Bye.”
“Giving Parade. was drenched but I was still warm in this big coat!! I completely felt the spirit of gratitude today ✨✨✨hope you all are enjoying the day with your loved ones and eating a lot,” her post read.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97