Table of Contents
Wondering what new movies are coming out in theaters and streaming? We’ve got you covered with a sneak peek into the most exciting new films hitting screens this week.
First up, get ready for a glimpse into the high-stakes moments before the very first Saturday Night Live broadcast. Saturday Night delves into the behind-the-scenes drama and tension as the iconic late-night show prepared to take the world by storm.
For a more lighthearted flick, don’t miss Piece by Piece – a Lego-animated biopic that brings the life story of renowned musician Pharrell Williams to life in a truly unique and imaginative way.
And for horror fans, the return of the chilling Art the Clown in Terrifier 3 is sure to send a shiver down your spine as this nightmarish character continues his reign of terror.
Below is the complete list of all the new movies coming out this week in theaters and streaming!
Rating:  R
Release Date: In theaters nationwide on Friday, October 11, 2024.
Summary: Saturday Night takes place on October 11th, 1975, when, at 11:30 pm, a group of young, wild performers and writers launched a new live TV show that changed the landscape forever. The film tells the story of what happened in the 90 minutes before the first broadcast of what was to be later named Saturday Night Live.
What to Watch For: The film is being released on October 11, the same date that the show premiered on NBC back in 1975.
Word on the Street: Director and co-writer Jason Reitman is known for his Oscar-nominated films Juno (2008) and Up in the Air (2010).
My Take:  The program was first called Saturday Night because sportscaster and media personality Howard Cosell was already hosting a variety show called ‘Saturday Night Live.’ The Cosell show was soon canceled, and the NBC late night show got its present name. 
Rating:  PG
Release Date:  In theaters on Friday, October 11, 2024.
Summary: Piece by Piece follows the life and career of American musician Pharrell Williams through the lens of Lego animation.
What to Watch For:  The film is directed by Morgan Neville, known for his Oscar-winning film 20 Feet from Stardom (2013) and Won’t You Be My Neighbor? (2018).
Word on the Street: The voice cast includes Pharrell Williams, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Timbaland, Snoop Dogg, and Justin Timberlake.
My Take: Pharrell Williams wrote new music for the film.
Rating:  N/A
Release Date:  In theaters on Friday, October 11, 2024.
Summary: In Terrifier 3, the residents of Miles County are sleeping peacefully on Christmas Eve. That slumber is about to be disturbed by a man who will unleash chaos, Art the Clown (David Howard Thornton).
What to Watch For:  The film had its world premiere at the 2024 Fantastic Fest. 
Word on the Street: Filmmaker Damien Leone turned down big Hollywood studios to make Terrifier 3 after Terrifier 2 had such an unexpected box office success. Leone wanted to keep complete control of the film and make a horror film he wanted to make.
My Take:  Terrifier 3 was recognized by USA Today as one of the most anticipated horror films of 2024. I love that we get to see actress Lauren LaVera reprise her role as Sienna from Terrifier 2.
Rating:  R
Release Date:   In theaters on Friday, October 11, 2024.
Summary: The Apprentice tells the story of how a young Donald Trump (Sebastian Stan) learned everything he needed to know about the world of real estate from the right hand of infamous lawyer Roy Cohn (Jeremy Strong).
What to Watch For: The film’s producers launched a successful Kickstarter campaign to ensure the movie would get as wide a theater release as possible.
Word on the Street: Oscar-nominated (Borat Subsequent Moviefilm) Maira Bakalova portrays Ivana Trump in the film.
My Take: The film was nominated for the Palme d’Or at the 2024 Cannes Film Festival.
Rating:  N/A
Release Date: Premiering on Apple TV+ on Friday, October 11, 2024. 
Summary: The documentary The Last of the Sea Women takes place on the shores of Jeju Island, just below the southern tip of South Korea. A group of fierce elderly female divers fight to save their disappearing culture from the looming threats of pollution and global warming.
What to Watch For: The film won the NETPAC Award at the 2024 Toronto International Film Festival.
Word on the Street: This is the first feature film for director Sue Kim. She was nominated for a 2020 Critic’s Choice Documentary Award for her short film, The Speed Cubers.
My Take: I can’t wait to see this documentary. The women dive to the sea floor without the use of external oxygen tanks.
Rating:  N/A
Release Date:  Premiering on Hulu on Friday, October 11, 2024. 
Summary: Set in 1993, Mr. Crocket follows the story of a mother, Summer (Jerrika Hinton), who is still getting over the death of her husband while raising a son, Major (Ayden Gavin), who gets more out of control each passing day. Major receives a videotape of a children’s show hosted by Mr. Crocket (Elvis Nolasco). Soon, Summer will be on a dangerous quest to save her son from a demonic children’s show host who is kidnapping kids.
What to Watch For: The film played at the 2024 Fantastic Fest.
Word on the Street: The film is the feature film debut for Brandon Espy, known for his short 2019 film We Follow You, which was nominated for an award at the Nightmares Film Festival.
My Take: Other than Mr. Rogers, I have always found children’s television hosts to be a little creepy, so that this horror film will be a good fit for me.
Rating:  R
Release Date:  Premiering on Netflix on Friday, October 11, 2024.
Summary: In Lonely Planet, a writer, Katherine (Laura Dern), goes to a retreat in Morocco to be alone and finish her novel. There she meets Owen (Liam Hemsworth), a young man who feels abandoned by his girlfriend. The acquaintanceship develops into a life-altering love affair that neither was looking for. 
What to Watch For: The film is from filmmaker Susannah Grant, known for her Academy Award-nominated screenplay for the 2001 film Erin Brockovich and the creator of the award-winning TV series Unbelievable.
Word on the Street: The cast includes Diana Silvers, Heeba Shah, Rachida Brakni, and Ben Youce.
My Take: I have been a fan of Laura Dern since she played the blind girl Diana in the 1985 film Mask. 
Rating:  PG-13
Release Date:  Premiering on Max on Thursday, October 10, 2024.
Summary: Caddo Lake takes place in a small, isolated town around Caddo Lake, where the mysterious disappearance of an eight-year-old girl brings up a past of disappearances and unexplained deaths.
What to Watch For: The film is produced by M. Night Shyamalan (Sixth Sense).
Word on the Street: The film is written and directed by Logan George and Celine Held, known for their award-winning 2020 film Topside.
My Take: The film stars Dylan O’Brian, known for his role as Stiles on the TV series Teen Wolf.
Rating:  PG-13
Release Date:  Premiering on Netflix on Friday, October 11, 2024.
Summary: In Her Place is set in 1955 Chile, and a well-known author, Maria Carolina Geel (Francisca Lewin), is being charged with murder. Mercedes (Elisa Zulueta), the secretary to a senior judge, is sent to Maria’s home to pick up some clothing for the prisoner. Maria’s home and past life become Mercedes’s obsession, taking over her entire world. 
What to Watch For: The film is based on a true story.
Word on the Street: The movie is the official submission of Chile for the ‘Best International Feature Film’ category of the 97th Academy Awards in 2025.
My Take: This is the first narrative film for the two-time Academy Award nominee Maite Alberdi. Alberdi directed the documentaries The Eternal Memory (2023) and The Mole Agent (2020).
Below, let us know what new movies you plan to see this week!