"Holy cow! These are fighting words... Who's winning?"

							By 

	Regina Cho

Associate News Editor

Drake and Kendrick Lamar‘s recent rap feud has dominated headlines all over the nation, and it grabbed the attention of some of Hollywood’s biggest names. Recently, A-list actor Tom Hanks wanted to learn about Hip-Hop’s biggest recent beef, so he reached out to his 33-year-old son Chet Hanks for a trusted explanation. 

	The Forrest Gump star texted his son and asked, “Big Main, can you explain the Drake/Kendrick Lamar feud to me?” And Chet did not disappoint. 

	The Chet Hanks Show host began by providing context about the “Big 3” and recited K. Dot’s “F**k the Big 3, it’s just big me” lyric that set everything in motion. He then delved into Drizzy’s retort, typing, “Then Drake was like, ‘you got small feet cuz you’re like 5 foot 5 or whatever.'” 

	










	Chet made sure to get into the important details of the debacle, such as Kendrick labeling Drake a “pedophile” and the Canadian rapper firing back with domestic violence accusations. He explained everything all the way to the end, providing hilarious commentary about Dot’s “Not Like Us.” 














	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“Like if you heard it you would just automatically know how to Crip walk with a stank face while clutching an Oscar in each hand with Marshawn Lynch,” Chet added. “Then dap him up and tell him ‘Town Bidness’ which solidified the win not only for Kendrick but the entire West Coast.”

	Tom was thoroughly entertained by the in-depth explanation. “Holy cow!” he wrote back. “These are fighting words. People taking sides?? Who’s winning??” Check out the father-son exchange, which was posted to Chet’s Instagram Story, above. 

	As Chet explained, the Toronto hitmaker and the Compton emcee have been going at each other all throughout April and May. After Kendrick fired the first shot in “Like That” by Future and Metro Boomin, Drake swung back with “Push Ups” and the since-deleted “Taylor Made Freestyle.” 

	Then, K. Dot went deep with “Euphoria” and “6:16 in L.A.,” which caused the 6 God to fight back with “Family Matters.” However, Lamar stepped on that release by dropping “Meet the Grahams” just 30 minutes afterward. The final round came with Kendrick’s club-ready banger “Not Like Us,” where he called Drake a “colonizer” and accused him of “running to Atlanta” when he needs a hit. 

	










	The “Hotline Bling” rapper sent his last rebuttal with “The Heart Part 6,” claiming that he was feeding Kendrick false information the entire time. Drake eventually waved the white flag via his Instagram Story, which read, “Good times, summer vibes up next.” Revisit both final offerings below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.