AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Insults flew back and forth as lawmakers clashed for over an hour after Marjorie Taylor Greene mocked Jasmine Crockett’s “False eyelashes.” 

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
An insult over “fake eyelashes” kicked off a row during a House Oversight Committee meeting that descended into chaos Thursday evening (May 16). 
“Bleach blond, bad-built butch body” was trending online after a contempt hearing for Attorney General Merrick Garland went left, leaving lawmakers trading insults for over an hour.  
Things spiraled out of control after Marjorie Taylor Greene, the Republican representative from Georgia, shaded her Democrat counterpart from Texas, Jasmine Crockett. “I think your fake eyelashes are messing up what you’re reading,” Greene told Crockett. 
Outraged Democrats responded immediately, led by Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez of New York.  
“That’s disgusting,” she yelled, moving to strike Greene’s words from the record. “That is absolutely unacceptable,” Ocasio-Cortez added. “How dare you attack the physical appearance of another person?” 
When Green mocked Ocasio-Cortez, asking, “Are your feelings hurt?” the New Yorker fired back with “Oh, girl? Baby girl. Don’t even play.” 
The mayhem continued when Crockett seemingly sought clarification over Greene’s “fake eyelashes” remark, asking if a hypothetical comment would break Congressional protocol. 
“I’m just curious,” Crockett began. “If someone on this committee then starts talking about somebody’s bleach blonde bad-built butch body, that would not be engaging in personalities, correct?” 
Disorder erupted again, and a member yelled at Crocket to “calm down,” repeatedly.  
“If I come and talk s### about her ya’ll gonna have a problem,” Crockett said. 
Meanwhile in Congress… pic.twitter.com/w6QFZBfBgq
Crockett liked herself to Kendrick Lamar in a social media post after the hearing. 
J&J (Jared & Jazz)  dropping diss tracks like we Kendrick Lamar… MTG Truly wanted the smoke tonight. https://t.co/Vc37u7DdFs
“This is what happens when mentally deficient people who can’t read and follow rules or just don’t give a damn… somehow end up in CONGRESS!” she wrote in a follow-up post.  
So MTG wanted to talk about my appearance in COMMITTEE?! It’s against the rules to do… She refused to apologize!The chairman ruled that it was ok… AND I asked for clarification about what qualifies as “engaging in personalities”& basically wanted to know if I could…
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity