This marks his second Emmy award having to do with the Super Bowl halftime show.

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Jay-Z‘s trophy case just gets fuller and fuller. 

	The 54-year-old secured an Emmy this week for his involvement in Rihanna‘s halftime performance at Super Bowl LVII. 

	The 2023 Primetime Creative Art Emmy Awards took place this past Sunday (Jan. 7). Hov, who won the award for Outstanding Directing for a Variety Special alongside his co-director Hamish Hamilton, was up against Joel Gallen (Chris Rock: Selective Outrage), Linda Mendoza (Wanda Sykes: I’m an Entertainer), Paul Miller (Carol Burnett: 90 Years of Laughter + Love) and Glenn Weiss (The Oscars).

	Hamilton has been responsible for directing the Super Bowl halftime show since 2010, boasting a directorial resume that includes Beyoncé, The Weeknd, Bruno Mars, Justin Timberlake, The Black Eyed Peas, Shakira, Jennifer Lopez, and the highly lauded Super Bowl LVI halftime show starring Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Eminem, Mary J. Blige, and Kendrick Lamar. Hamilton and the 4:44 rapper are no strangers to working with one another, as the former assisted his 2003 film In Concert and his OTR II tour with Queen Bey.
Hamish Hamilton and Shawn Carter (@sc) win the #Emmy for Outstanding Directing for a Variety Special for The Apple Music Super Bowl LVII Halftime Show Starring @Rihanna (@FOXTV)! #Emmys #75thEmmys pic.twitter.com/iPtGvi9TOQ

	Jay-Z has served as live music entertainment strategist for the NFL since 2019 and was ecstatic about booking Rihanna for the February 2023 spectacle. “Rihanna is a generational talent, a woman of humble beginnings who has surpassed expectations at every turn,” he said. “A person born on the small island of Barbados who became one of the most prominent artists ever. Self-made in business and entertainment.”

	










	This year’s Emmy marks the third of his career. He won his first Emmy in the sports category for Outstanding Music Composition/Direction/Lyrics after performing “Run This Town” with the ANTI artist at the Super Bowl XLIV kick-off show. Last year, he took hardware home for his contribution to the aforementioned Super Bowl LVI halftime performer with Dre, Snoop, Lamar, and more. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					JAY-Z Rape Accuser Files For Defamation Lawsuit To Be Dismissed		
			







	Hov could have some more hardware coming his way next year, as Usher is slated to perform at the forthcoming Super Bowl halftime show. The “Confessions” artist was announced back in September via multiple hilarious ads featuring Odell Beckham Jr., Deion Sanders, Marshawn Lynch, and more. 
A post shared by Apple Music (@applemusic)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.