Beyoncé does not approve of the Trump campaign's use of her 2016 track "Freedom."
Per Rolling Stone, Bey has warned Trump's campaign team that she could issue a cease-and-desist over the unauthorized use of one of her songs in a since-deleted video shared on social media. Trump campaign spokesperson Steven Cheung shared a clip depicting Trump campaigning while "Freedom," the Lemonade highlight featuring Kendrick Lamar, plays.
The tweet has since been removed from Cheung's X account. He has yet to address the removal of the video.
Meanwhile, "Freedom" has become the de facto campaign song for Kamala Harris during the 2024 election. On Monday, August 19, her campaign issued a new ad soundtracked by the song alongside narration from actor Jeffrey Wright. Harris first used the song with Beyoncé's permission when she kicked off her presidential campaign following Joe Biden's decision to drop out. The official launch video for the campaign also featured the track.
life | BY Trace William Cowen
People are Convinced Obama Made a Trump Dick Joke in DNC Speech
music | BY Joe Price
Donald Trump Shares AI-Generated Images of Fake Taylor Swift Endorsement: 'I Accept!'
music | BY tara mahadevan
Isaac Hayes Family Suing Trump for $3 Million, Claiming 134 Counts of Copyright Infringement Over Use of "Hold On, I'm Coming"
The Trump campaign has gotten into legal trouble with music artists throughout his three presidential campaigns. Earlier this month, the family of the late Isaac Hayes filed a lawsuit against Trump after he repeatedly used the track "Hold On, I'm Coming" at rallies, without the permission of Hayes' estate. 
Celine Dion's management also renounced the unauthorized use of her song "My Heart Will Go On" at one of Trump's rallies. Other artists that have taken issue with the use of their tracks include Rihanna, Pharrell Williams, Bruce Springsteen, and the estate of Prince.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.