By
Cardi B’s new single, “Enough,” solidified her long-awaited return. However, Justin Timberlake and Flo Milli’s highly anticipated albums controlled the airwaves and headlines last weekend. This week had many new music releases, but most of them were overshadowed by the big announcements of Summer Jam and SXSW, as well as new albums from top Hip-Hop stars dropping on Friday.
From Travis Scott getting in the water with Tyla to Bryson Tiller embracing the future to Don Toliver diving in the deep end, here is a complete list of new music you might have missed this week.
Rapsody Sets The Record Straight & “Stand Tall”
She addresses all the rumors, accusations, and smoke as she gears up for a buzzing new album. With aggressive, creative, and unapologetic lyrics, she reaffirms her dominant presence in hip-hop. Thrilled about the release of this upcoming album and cannot wait to see what it has in store for hip-hop.
T-Pain Joins Meghan Trainor For New Era And It’s “Been Like This”
Set for Trainor’s sixth album, she teams up with her favorite artist for a catchy 1920-sampled song. The track took over a decade to create as she tried to get in touch with Teddy P. This will be T-Pain’s return to the top of the pop charts.
DDG Runs Around And  “Shoot Up Your Block”
The 26-year-old rapper features his newborn son in his music video while rapping about protecting his family. His new family kept the birth of his first child a secret to cherish the memories. The latest and previous, “Going To The Top,” builds on his 2024 album.
Tyla & Travis Scott Remix “Water”
Tyla and Scott appear on opposite sides of wet glass in a shadowy space in the Nabil Elderkin-directed music video. Tyla poses in the rain, while Scott joins her on the same side of the glass for his verse. Set to appear on Tyla’s debut album.
Teezo Touchdown Says “DAMN!”
The new rockstar joins DJ Zack Bia for a bouncy house track. Along with Teezo’s popularity, the house party features a roster of celebrity cameos and a monkey. The track marks Teezo Touchdown’s first electronic music appearance.
DaBaby Finds “Wonder Woman”
As Baby On Baby turns 5, the North Carolina native goes on a freaky escapade to find that one woman. More of the same from the rap star, the latest release delivers hilarious antics with the usual raps. The road to redemption continues.
Trippie Redd Is “LWRW”
The new song and visual talks about a range of topics, from his chopper to his romantic escapades to luxurious trips to Dubai, all set to a gentle piano-driven beat. The infectiousness of the hook cannot be denied, despite its unconventional approach.
Omarion Is “Taking Off”
The lead single from his latest release continues his introspective journey into the unbothered. It’s a vibe that prepares fans for his new tour, which is coming to a city near you.
Bryson Tiller Embraces The Future With “Calypso”
Pen Griffey is coming out with a new album and previews it with a new song. The first track from the album showcases Tiller’s unique blend of compelling lyrics and captivating rhythms. The album promises to explore innovative sound and heartfelt storytelling.
Big Sean Flips J.Dilla To Talk To “Old Sean”
Sean Don is dropping a new album and has released a freestyle to give fans a taste. The freestyle reflects on his past and pays tribute to Detroit legend J.Dilla. Sean also pokes at modern hip hop’s Big 3: Drake, Kendrick Lamar, and J. Cole, which will cause some mention across social media.
Was in the crib this morning recovering from food poisoning n decided to rap over this J Dilla flip Boi1da, Leon Thomas n  Jahaan Sweet sent me, it’s that season!!!! pic.twitter.com/mn69dZO9Nv
42Dugg Hits The Streets “Wock N Red”
The Detroit rapper’s latest release showcases great music despite navigating controversy. His upcoming album will showcase his gritty street raps and flashy lifestyle, keeping his fans satisfied.
Don Toliver Dives “Deep In The Water”
Fans eagerly await the rap star’s 2024 album, which promises to showcase Toliver’s trademark appeal and cement his position as one of today’s most exciting artists. The new dad has produced some of his best music yet, with a dark visual emerging as the centerpiece.
Vedo Seduces With “Spinn On You”
A captivating release by the master of seduction, set to become a playlist favorite.“When I wrote the song it’s obvious that I’m thinking about spinning the block and wanting that old thing back,” he said in the press release. “My vision for the song isn’t just wanting to have one last encounter, but also Spinn the Block on your girl/wife, pull up to their job bring some flowers, lunch etc, Spinn some time, Spinn some money on her. Spinn, even when you already have her/him, to always be in pursuit of one’s heart.”
Debbie Says “It’s Been A Week”
The Def Jam singer’s new track focuses on the difficulties of growing up after a breakup. “I always wanted to experience romantic love growing up,” said Debbie in a press release. “I think it’s because I was quite isolated and the only example of romance I had was TV and movies. Unfortunately, that led me to some dumb decisions, as I was kinda naive to the reality of finding “true love”. It’s been a week is a reflection (albeit a dramatic one) of pain and regret I was feeling with one particular lover. I was just expressing myself and escaping.”  
BigXThaPlug Is A Superstar, “MMHMM”
BigX becomes a successful rapper and takes a leap of faith out of a helicopter to symbolize his achievement in the music industry. The music video showcases enthusiastic fans, a thrilling skydiving stunt, news segments, and more, all accompanied by his smooth rhymes.
BigXThaPlug & Ro$ama Unlocks “Beast Mode”
Dallas duo goes beast mode in Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire soundtrack with hard-hitting verses. X and his protégé Ro$ama are competing for the throne in the hip-hop industry, and it’s inevitable that there will be a shift in power come 2024.
J$PHLive Got Game With “Imperfect Luv”
In his new clip, the viral recording artist recreates the iconic bus stop scene of Jesus Shuttlesworth and Lala to restore love. The Dallas native hypnotizes love interest with slick-talking wordplay filled with a well-balanced delivery of charm and explicit persuasion to cement everlasting love. However, this love story doesn’t end like the movie.
Bryson Cole Has No More Love
The Denton, Texas native taps King Los and The WRLDFMS Tony Williams for a 16-track exploration of the ups and downs of love. Cole’s stories are clever, catchy, and magnetic. This album is perfect for new fans. He’s one of the year’s best new underground artists.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97