Travis Kelce #87 of the Kansas City Chiefs celebrates with Taylor Swift after defeating the Baltimore Ravens in the AFC Championship Game at M&T Bank Stadium on January 28, 2024 in Baltimore, Maryland. 
Look what you made her do. Now that Swelce is getting more serious, a new report claims that Taylor Swift decided to set some boundaries with Travis Kelce. However, it doesn't appear that the NFL star is too keen on the rules she's set for him. A source told Life & Style magazine that the 34-year-old pop icon doesn’t want Kelce, 35, going to strip clubs anymore after he wore a t-shirt from a Las Vegas adult bar at a Chiefs game this season. It's one of the "hard rules" the "Don't Blame Me" singer supposedly set moving forward. And, apparently, he is "fine not going to strip clubs anymore."
Though Travis is on board with Taylor expressing her thoughts and opinions on how to navigate their public relationship, he's not "so happy" with some of her restrictions. One of those boundaries Swift set that he apparently rolled his eyes at was to avoid taking photos with female fans. The source says it is "mostly" to avoid inaccurate headlines. He has no interest in playing a "calculated media game" if it’s going to make him think twice about every move he makes. "That’s not his style," adds the source.
For now, the source claims that these boundaries aren’t about controlling each other or who they spend their personal time with—but Swift may have some suspicions. Apparently, Swift's friends claim that she has asked Travis to FaceTime her when they are apart. This is an alleged effort to see where he is and who he is with secretly. Despite her nosiness and relationship rules, the couple have a mutual deal-breaker set for each other. and this is telling the other who they can or cannot associate with, the source noted.
All these rules Taylor has laid out for Travis as they navigate a public and long-distance relationship are because she believes they could be endgame. Both stars are "committed to doing whatever it takes to make their relationship stronger," the source told the publication.
Taylor Swift puts a lot of thought into her songs. From the lyrics to how she conceptualizes her music videos, the award-winning musician gives her fans the ultimate experience. Swift likes to drop Easter eggs in her music videos and she occasionally recruits her celebrity friends to take them to the next level. The artist has directed a ton of her music videos, as well, earning awards for “The Man” (2020) and “All Too Well (The Short Film)” (2022). Since 2019, Taylor has pretty much taken the reigns on the direction for her music videos.
Per Billboard, her directorial journey started years before that. In 2010, Swift teamed up with Roman White (director of “You Belong With Me” and “Fifteen” music videos) for the making of “Mine.” Swift has 13 music videos that she self-directed; she's released five documentaries, three video albums, and a short film.
As we previously reported, Swift said last September, “I’d like to keep taking baby steps forward and I’m at a place now where the next baby step is not a baby step. It would be committing to making a film and I feel like I would absolutely love for the right opportunity to arise, because I absolutely adore telling stories this way.” While at the Toronto Film Festival for her "All Too Well (The Short Film)," she added that she "always want to tell human stories about human emotion."
Take a look below at all the celebrities that have made cameos in Taylor Swift's music videos:
Swift’s 2019 music video was filled with cameos. Adam Lambert tattoos Ellen DeGeneres, the Queer Eye cast has a tea party, Ryan Reynolds paints, RuPaul tosses a beauty pageant crown in the air, Laverne Cox makes her neighbor Chester Lockhart swoon, Ciara officiates Jesse Tyler Ferguson and real-life husband Justin Mikita’s wedding, Todrick Hall dances with Swift, Billy Porter declares peace, and Katy Perry dresses as a burger to go with Swift’s fries.
Another fun, cameo-filled music video: Selena Gomez betrays Swift as Arsyn, Kendrick Lamar is Welvin Da Great, Lena Dunham is the cigar-smoking Lucky Fiori, Hailee Steinfeld is The Trinity, Serayah is Dilemma, Gigi Hadid is Slay-Z, Ellie Goulding is Destructa X, Martha Hunt is Homeslice, Cara Delevingne is Mother Chucker, Zendaya is Cutthroat, Hayley Williams is a play on The Fifth Element's Leeloo Dallas as The Crimson Curse, Lily Aldridge is Frostbyte, Karlie Kloss is Knock Out, Jessica Alba is Domino, Ellen Pompeo is Luna, and Cindy Crawford is Headmistress. And Mariska Hargitay, is Justice (of course). Taylor probably geeked out extra hard over that one:  one of her cats is named "Olivia Benson." 
Wrath of Man's Scott Eastwood starred as a fictional actor named Robert Kingsley, who was also Swift’s love interest. Taylor stars as Majorie Finn in the video. 
Panic! At The Disco frontman Brendan Urie joined Swift in this video. The clip sees  the two argue in French together. Also making an adorable cameo are Swift's cats, Benjamin Button, Olivia Benson, and Meredith Grey.
Song features don't always guarantee a music video appearance, but Future hangs out with Swift throughout the whole video as they party and drive cars; Sheeran comes in later to sing his verse and party in Tokyo and London.
Reeve Carney is best known for playing Peter Parker/Spider-Man in Spider-Man: Turn Off the Dark on Broadway, and  Dorian Gray in the Showtime series Penny Dreadful, played Swift’s bad-boy love interest in this 2012 video. Fun fact: Carney was a musician before he was an actor. He used to play rhythm guitar in blues rocker Jonny Lang's band. 
Lucas Till, who is best known for his role as Havok X-Men: First Class), The Spy Next Door, and the MacGyver television series, played Swift's love interest. The pair met while on set of Hannah Montana: The Movie in 2008. In the Disney movie, Till played a character named Travis Brody, Hannah's (Miley Cyrus) childhood friend, while Swift played herself.
Singer/actor Tyler Hilton portrayed Drew, Swift’s love interest. He is best known for his role as Chris Keller on One Tree Hill and in the Johnny Cash biopic Walk the Line as Elvis Presley.
Friday Night Lights actor Zach Gilford plays her love interest.He adds color to Swift's life and her character clearly misses him. Spoiler alert: she reunites with him at the end.
Twilight alum Taylor Lautner, who dated the singer for a few months in 2009, joins Swift as a character that is on a mission to save Swift and her 2010 Speak Now album alongside Bullet Train actress Joey King.
Laura Dern stars as Swift's evil "Stepmommy," who hilariously calls her a "tired tacky wench" and forbids her from attending the ball. The Haim sisters portray Swift's treacherous stepsisters. Meanwhile, Dita Von Teese teaches Swift a burlesque routine on stage in a super-sized martini glass. Legendary makeup artist Pat McGrath appears as Queen Pat. Finally, frequent collaborator Jack Antonoff plays Prince Jack, who proposes to Swift, but she ghosts him and keeps the castle.
Taylor Swift had a lot of fun in this one, having two versions of herself. The video features Mary Elizabeth Ellis (It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia), and comedians John Early (Search Party) and Mike Birbiglia (A Man Called Otto) as mourners at Swift's funeral. Also, in the beginning, there are a bunch of "ghosts" dressed in patterned cloths and sunglasses. Funnily enough, a fan attended her Eras Tour show in a recreation of the outfit!
In this re-recording of her 2012 Red track, Swift enlisted Miles Teller to star as the groom, and his real-life wife, Keleigh Sperry Teller, played the bride. Blake Lively co-wrote and directed the song's music video, which sees Swift crashing an ex's big wedding day.

                    Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!