The veteran singer, practically unknown until now, today has a prominent role in the Billboard 200 No. 1 album.

													By
												

	Sigal Ratner-Arias

Deputy Editor, Billboard Español

	From being a virtually unknown mariachi singer, Deyra Barrera has gone on to headline international news as the surprise Spanish voice that opens Kendrick Lamar‘s GNX album. “Siento aquí tu presencia/ La noche de anoche/ Y nos ponemos a llorar,” she sings soulfully at the beginning of “Wacced Out Murals,” reappearing again in the middle of the song.

	And her penetrating, powerful voice resonates in two more tracks: “Reincarnated,” a tribute to the late Tupac Shakur, and the closing song “Gloria,” with SZA. The LP has been No. 1 on the Top Rap Albums, Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and all-genre Billboard 200 charts for the last three weeks.

	










	“I didn’t expect it because I didn’t know what was going to happen,” Barrera tells Billboard Español about her appearance on the album after what had already been reported: in late October, she was invited to sing at the Dodger Stadium in tribute to her late friend, the Mexican baseball player Fernando Valenzuela. Lamar — “or his team,” she’s not sure — heard her, and a few days later they contacted her.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Everything happened very quickly, and the interest in the artist has grown in ways previously unimaginable for her, but Deyra Barrera is not a rookie. Originally from Villa Juárez, Sonora, Mexico, the singer — who arrived in Los Angeles at the age of 17 and has spent more than half her life in the U.S. — has been trying to make her way in music for decades on both sides of the border.

	“I was first in [the singing competition] La Academia in Mexico City in 2010. And then I was in La Reina de la Canción on Univision,” she shares. “I also returned to La Voz México in Mexico City in 2021, during the pandemic. It was tough. As I tell you, I’ve been knocking on doors for many years.”

	“It’s a very difficult career but well, this is what I love to do. Since I live here, I live off music,” she adds, detailing that she has been in various regional Mexican female bands, including Las Adelitas and Mariachi Divas. More than 10 years ago she formed the quartet Corazón de México, which was reduced to the current Trío Corazón, made up with her sister Verónica and Cynthia Reifler Flores. “We work a lot at parties,” Barrera says.

	Now that she’s the talk of the town — far beyond Mexican or Latin music — she reflects that what she is experiencing at this moment is owed to her great friend Valenzuela.

	










	“I was always joking with him and telling him, ‘Oh, take me to sing at Dodgers,’ and finally he took me when they retired his number in August 2023,” she explains. “Thanks to that, they called me after [he died] to sing at the tribute along with my friend Julián Torres, who is another ranchera music singer whom I admire very much and who is the one who always sings at the stadium.”

	Barrera confessed to Billboard Español that up until now she didn’t follow rap music, and spoke about her newfound appreciation for Lamar and his work, her gratitude for the cultural bridges he has built by inviting her to be part of his project, and her own future plans and prospects.

First of all, what did you feel when you hit play and the first thing you heard was your voice on Kendrick Lamar‘s album?

	I got goosebumps. It was a surprise for me. I didn’t expect it, because I didn’t know what was going to happen. Then I got a call from Rolling Stone magazine, and that’s how I found out.

And you’re not on just one song, you’re on three! What DID you know when you recorded your parts?

	I’m not allowed to talk much about it. The only thing, and what everyone already knows, is that I was at a baseball game where they invited me to sing in a tribute to Fernando Valenzuela. He [Lamar] was there, or his team. Then they contacted me. I went and recorded without thinking it was going to be something so big. I didn’t imagine it.

Did you get to meet Kendrick in the studio?

	Yes, he came quickly and left. But it was something magical, like a dream.

Have you spoken to him since his album came out? 

	No.

Have you thought about the possibility that he might take you on his next tour with him?











	Well, I have all my prayers. I have it well visualized in my mind; whatever comes next for me, then let it be. I have many years in this music career looking for opportunities, throwing in the towel, picking it up again. So God’s timing is perfect. A moment in my life that I never expected — always wanting to collaborate with artists of my own genre, I never imagined that I would collaborate with the No. 1 American rapper in the world. I mean, rap music! And that it would take me to something so big.

Did you listened to rap music or followed Kendrick Lamar’s career before?

	No, I honestly don’t listen much to rap music. Obviously, I knew who he was, he has many hits. And yes, I like the music… but I am 100% Mexican. I’m always listening to mariachi music, regional Mexican music.

Have you heard more of Kendrick’s discography as a result of this collaboration?

	Yes, of course. I have looked at everything he has done and wow, he is so great. Everything he does — I understand why, on this new album, he put his genius mark, like putting my voice on three of the songs as an introduction.

Why do you think he did it?

	He loves giving those surprises, from what I’ve read. But more than anything to unite cultures, and that is what I appreciate the most. I’m super happy that he loves our music and wants to unite our cultures, our music with his.

Did he tell you anything about Mexican music?

	No, I didn’t talk [about that] with him. It was just “Hello, thank you, goodbye.” That was all. But I thank him for that, for uniting us. I never imagined that I would now have so many fans of rap music. I mean, the little bit that I sang, they tell me so many beautiful things, they flatter me. They say, “What a beautiful voice.” It’s wonderful that we have united our cultures.

	










It’s exciting to see a female regional Mexican music singer being highlighted in this way, as you are a minority in a genre traditionally dominated by men.

	Yes, believe me, I have also been so emotional and also in carrying the name of so many women, raising the Mexican flag in representation of so many women of our mariachi music. There is so much talent, so many beautiful voices, and I feel blessed to have been the one chosen to be here at this moment.

What did your Trio Corazón bandmates say when they found out about this?

	They couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t say anything until it came out. And wow, they are super proud. Now I have to work hard to make the most of this moment and let people know who Deyra Barrera is.

What doors has this experience opened for you so far? Have any record labels contacted you?

	We’re working on that, yes. But imagine, it’s the Anglo-Saxon people, the American people, everyone is talking! Sometimes I listen to myself in the car and I hear [on the radio] that they are still talking about this. Then I see reaction videos of people who listen to pure rap music and they’re like, “What? What is this?” And yes, I feel that many doors have been opened and that’s why I want to keep working, fighting for my dreams. What life is giving me now, what I always asked God for, he sent it to me like this.

What are you hoping for in 2025?

	I want to record.

Do you write your own music? 

	Unfortunately, that hasn’t happened for me. Although the parts I sang for Kendrick, I wrote them. I already signed up to register songs. Why not!

If you had Kendrick Lamar in front of you today, what would you say to him?











	Thank you. Thank you for respecting our music. For listening. For inviting me to this new album. And may God bless him and may we unite more. Music is universal. Music can unite so much in everything, it can unite cultures.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.