Jack Dorsey has been X-ing up a storm.
He's delved into the tumultuous rap beef between Kendrick Lamar and Drake (he's Team Kenny), preached about X being "freedom technology," and unfollowed over 2000 accounts — leaving only Julian Assange's wife, Stella Assange, Edward Snowden, and Elon Musk.
However, for a man who has had a lot to say this weekend on X, Dorsey's announcement that he left Bluesky — the Twitter offshoot he helped get off the ground — was briefer than his comments on Lamar and Drake's monthlong back-and-forth.
Dorsey, who led a team at Twitter to begin building Bluesky in 2019, replied to a comment on X Saturday asking if he was still on the Bluesky board.
He simply replied, "no."
no
The company later confirmed Dorsey's departure, thanking him for "funding and initiating the Bluesky project."
"Today, Bluesky is thriving as an open-source social network running on atproto, the decentralized protocol we have built," a statement from the official Bluesky account read. "With Jack's departure, we are searching for a new board member for the Bluesky public benefit company who shares our commitment to building a social network that puts people in control of their experience."
Neither Dorsey nor Bluesky said when Dorsey dropped out of the project, and neither immediately responded to a request for comment from Business Insider. However, Dorsey deleted his Bluesky account last September, TechCrunch reported.
Dorsey initially created the Bluesky initiative while working at Twitter, and the social network became a separate entity in 2022.
At the time, the company announced it had received $13 million in funding from Twitter to get off the ground and that Dorsey was on the board of directors. It formed as a Public Benefit LLC, Vox reported.
CNBC reported that Dorsey donated 14 bitcoins, or $245,000, to the decentralized network protocol Nostrcompany in December 2022.
Dorsey hasn't posted about Nostr or Bluesky on X since last summer.
In February, Bluesky went from an invite-only app to a social network that anyone can join. Since then, its user base has nearly doubled from about 3 million to 5.6 million.
When Musk took over Twitter and turned it into X, Dorsey advertised the alternative social network, which provides a "decentralized" experience by allowing users to create their own communities and moderation rules.
It is still unclear why he left the social network. Maybe he'll reveal it in his own diss track.
Jump to