Manage your account
NBC News investigates health insurance companies denying cancer patients coverage for potentially life-saving treatments. South Korea’s interim president is impeached just two weeks after the ouster of the country’s former leader. And a small Tennessee town is still in recovery mode after Hurricane Helene. 
Here’s what to know today.
When Tracy Pike learned he had Stage 4 stomach cancer, his doctor advised a routinely practiced treatment combining surgery and intensive chemotherapy – but the night before his first procedure, he was told insurance declined to cover the roughly $40,000 treatment after ruling it “not medically necessary.”
His wife, Angie, said the last straw came when she learned that one of the insurer’s physicians who had rejected the treatment was not a cancer doctor at all. He was an obstetrician-gynecologist. In January 2024, Tracy Pike died, leaving behind his wife of 22 years and their three children.
This is Morning Rundown, a weekday newsletter to start your day. Sign up here to get it in your inbox.
An NBC News investigation found that a cancer diagnosis, already a crushing blow to patients, is often compounded by insurance company denials of treatments and screenings recommended by a patient’s physician — and it’s only getting worse, according to the head of the American Medical Association.
Insurance companies say requiring doctors to justify their recommended treatment saves money. However, physicians argue that industry practices delay or outright prevent patient care, and families are left spending what could become their relative’s final days navigating red tape and appealing denials.
Read the full story here.
South Korea’s parliament impeached acting President Han Duck-soo today, plunging the country deeper into political chaos two weeks after President Yoon Suk Yeol was impeached over his declaration of martial law on December 3.
The motion led by opposition parties passed with 192 of the 300 votes with rowdy scenes by ruling People Power Party members who surrounded the speaker’s podium chanting the vote was invalid and parliament had committed “tyranny.”
“The only way to normalize the country is to swiftly root out all the insurrection forces,” opposition leader Lee Jae-myung said in a fiery speech, adding the party was acting on the public order to eradicate those who have put the country at risk.
Read more here.
Mud and debris still cake parts of Plastiexports, one of several industrial businesses destroyed or damaged when floodwaters from Hurricane Helene ravaged Erwin, Tennessee, three months ago. The small town of about 6,000 was flung into survival mode when the swollen Nolichucky River swept away lives and livelihoods. In its wake, the torrent of water left destroyed roads, devastated farms, unemployed residents and tons of mud and debris that has made the cleanup slow and daunting.
Lee Brown, Erwin Utilities CEO and Unicoi County economic development chairman, said unemployment spiked after the storm. “It’s hard to really have a tremendous amount of joy in your conversations when you think of all the community lost and those people who lost everything,” Brown said.
Suzanne Gamboa reports on efforts and obstacles to rebuilding the area’s homes and economy, one shovel of heavy sand and mud at a time.
Over the next two years, 38 governor’s elections will be on the ballot — races that will shape a long list of contested policy issues and give a glimpse into voters’ response to Donald Trump’s second term.
Next year there will be two big races in blue states where Trump made considerable gains — New Jersey and Virginia. Virginia’s road to replace Gov. Glenn Youngkin is expected to come down to a female candidate from each parties, meaning the state will likely be electing its first female governor. In New Jersey, more than six high-profile Democrats and more than four Republican candidates are vying to replace Democratic Gov. Phil Murphy in 2025.
The competitive races will continue in 2026 with three dozen races for governor, including six in battleground states. While many of these races will not be competitive in the general election, the primaries will offer revealing windows into the futures of both parties.
Here’s what else to know about the upcoming races to watch.
President-elect Donald Trump’s pick to help lead Immigration and Customs Enforcement hasn’t written off the use of family detention centers for migrants, potentially reversing a Biden administration practice. “It’s something we’re considering,” Tom Homan said in an interview. ICE stopped detaining families who entered the country illegally with their children shortly after President Biden took office. Homan says the detention facilities would not be jails but “open-air campuses” designed for families.
Currently, the Flores Settlement Agreement limits the time migrant children can be held in detention to 20 days, but Homan hinted at fighting the federal court ruling: “I think the Flores Settlement Agreement is something that was the wrong decision,” he said. “Right now, we know what the rules say. And this is something that we’ll work within until we get another decision or a better decision from the courts.”
Sam Brock reports on the showdown that could be coming between federal and state authorities over family separations.
Tradwives, Barstool conservatives and Zyn pouches are all hallmarks of a right-wing sensibility that dominated social media this year.
President-elect Trump is surrounding himself with a group of wealthy, right-wing tech leaders whose ideas could define his second term.
Authorities are searching for details about the cause of an Azerbaijan Airlines crash that killed 38 people after aviation experts speculated a Russian anti-missile battery may have brought down the plane.
65 million viewers tuned into the pair of Christmas NFL games — and Beyoncé’s halftime performance — breaking records for the most streamed NFL games in history.
American TikTok creators are searching for an alternative platform as the Jan. 19 deadline for a potential ban approaches.
The year has been full of rap beef, viral moments, triumphs and let downs. Who could forget the back-and-forth feud between Kendrick Lamar and Drake, which culminated in Lamar’s victory-clinching hit “Not Like Us”? Shaboozey’s hit “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” was the No. 1 song in the country (and was stuck in our heads) for months. But other, more sobering moments, like Jay-Z calling out discrimination at the Grammys and the arrest of Sean “Diddy” Combs can’t be ignored. Take a look back at hip-hop’s standout moments in 2024. — Kaylah Jackson, platforms editor
NBC Select: Online Shopping, Simplified
Ready to get cozy? NBC Select's editors rounded up the best blankets, plus how to safely use an electric blanket, including top picks.
Sign up to The Selection newsletter for hands-on product reviews, expert shopping tips and a look at the best deals and sales each week.
Thanks for reading today’s Morning Rundown. Today’s newsletter was curated for you by Kaylah Jackson. If you’re a fan, please send a link to your family and friends. They can sign up here.
This article was originally published on NBCNews.com