Charlamagne Tha God is arguing that the current rap war has now veered into "corny" territory following the recent diss, and associated remarks, from Ye.
During a recent episode of The Breakfast Club, Ye’s "Like That" remix and The Download interview were both discussed, with Charlamagne using the opportunity to reflect on what he sees as sheer "jealousy and envy." Of particular interest to Charlamagne was Ye’s comments about everyone being "excited" and "energized" about "the elimination of Drake," with whom Ye has had issues for quite some time.
"[Ye] is the leader of the Legion of Lame, okay?" Charlamagne said. "What a hating ass human. Like, what type of man sits around and says we were all energized by the elimination of another man? This man is so miserable and has never dealt with whatever hurt and pain he’s feeling and he just wants to project it onto other people."
In fact, Charlamagne added, he’s personally no longer interested in hearing more from Kendrick Lamar, whose original "Like That" verse kicked off Drake’s "20-v-1" battle.
"Don’t you be a part of the Legion of Lame, Kendrick. Okay?" Charlamagne said. "Future, you neither. Run from [Ye]. Metro, what are you doing? All of y’all should be running from [Ye]. Have you not read The 48 Laws of Power? Avoid the unhappy and the unlucky. You can die from somebody else’s misery. [Ye] done made the whole thing corny. It was entertaining until he brought his jealous, envious ass into the picture. So lame."
From there, the Breakfast Club co-host pointed to Ye’s extensive history of "hating on Drake," including in his own interviews. As an example, Charlamagne alleged that Ye once told him that Drake and the late Virgil Abloh "took the culture from him" during a previous interview. However, according to Charlamagne, Ye had that portion edited out of the final version. Seemingly, Charlamagne is referencing this interview from 2018.
Meanwhile, Drake's "Push Ups" was recently given an official streaming release. See here to find out where the "Summer Games" sequel denier's track landed among Complex's ranking of all the 2024 rap war disses so far.
music | BY Alex Ocho
Ye Weighs In on J. Cole's Kendrick Lamar Apology: 'F*ck All That P*ssy Sh*t'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Ye Says the 'Elimination of Drake' Has Everyone 'Excited' and 'Energized' While Talking “Like That” Remix
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake’s Allegedly Scrapped Verse on French Montana Track Resurfaces After Rick Ross Diss
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.