Ab-Soul says the possibility of "redemption" for Drake is "not off the table" following his charts-busting beef with Kendrick Lamar.
In a series of updates to the platform formerly known as Twitter on Monday, the TDE artist first opened with a scripture-focused reflection before getting more specific. As Ab sees it, what’s key with regards to the 6 God’s possible next moves lies in an understanding of what it means to truly be an MC.
"If Drake is the MC I imagine he can be, redemption is not off the table," Ab said, later pointing out that "MC" is the "key word" in that statement.
However, according to Ab, there was "never a question" as to whether Drake would come out on top on the rap level.
"We could still 'potentially' match 'artistry,'" Ab added in a follow-up tweet, noting that he was "removing my obvious personal/educated bias" in making such an assessment.
See more from Ab below.
This isn’t the first time Ab has spoken candidly about Drake’s artistry. As should have been expected, some were quick to pull up examples of exactly that in response to the aforementioned series of tweets.
In June, Ab-Soul was among the star-stacked lineup for Kendrick’s The Pop Out show at the Kia Forum in Inglewood. Toward the end of the three-hour event, fans at home and those streaming via Prime Video and/or Twitch were treated to a surprise Black Hippy reunion.
Ab’s most recent studio full-length, Herbert, arrived via Top Dawg back in December 2022. Last October, he and fellow TDE signee Jay Rock rolled out their collaborative one-off "Blowfly."
Post-beef, Drake has continued to pop up for features, most recently contributing to a pair of Camila Cabello cuts off the Complex cover star's fourth solo album C,XOXO.
music | BY Jade Gomez
Watch Black Hippy Reunite at Kendrick Lamar's 'The Pop-Out: Ken and Friends' Concert
music | BY Jordan Rose
Ranking Every Song in Kendrick Lamar and Drake’s Beef
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar Rolls Out Celebratory "Not Like Us" Video
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.