Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The animal rights supporter chanted “Stop Torturing Animals” as the singer and producer talked about his animated film ‘Piece by Piece’ at the Princess of Wales Theatre.

							By 

	Etan Vlessing

Canada Bureau Chief

	A protester with PETA, the animal rights group, stole the limelight on Tuesday night as Pharrell Williams talked about his animated biopic Piece by Piece at the Princess of Wales Theatre during the Toronto Film Festival.  

	The PETA activist approached the stage as Williams held a post-screening Q&A and slammed the singer and producer for using wild animal skins and fur as creative director of Louis Vuitton men’s collection. The animal rights defender shouted “stop torturing animals” as Williams, looking down from the stage and with TIFF top programmer Anita Lee at his side, responded: “You’re right. You’re right. God Bless You.”

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Sony Pictures Classics Sets New Release Date for 'Jane Austen Wrecked My Life'		
			














	
	Movies
			



	
		
					Former Toronto Senior Programmer Diana Sanchez Named Hot Docs Fest Executive Director		
			








	The PETA campaigner was eventually frogmarched away by three security guards, as captured by footage of the event posted by the animal rights group to its Instagram social media page.
A post shared by PETA (@peta)

	“We would be happy to stop disrupting Pharrell’s appearances, but despite a lot of lip service, he’s yet to ditch fur and exotic skins,” PETA executive vp Tracy Reiman said in a statement after the disruption.

	“Pharrell can decide in a heartbeat, today, to use his power for good and stop being complicit in cruelty—it’s quite easy to be kind,” she added.

	Earlier during TIFF, PETA activists protested a press screening for Piece by Piece, the animated documentary about singer, songwriter and record producer Pharrell Williams, during a press and industry screening.

	The protesters also urged Williams to stop using wild animal skins and furs in his collections and to use instead faux furs and skins as humane options.

	The international premiere of Piece by Piece at TIFF was also attended by director Morgan Neville and producers Mimi Valdés Caitrin Rogers. The animated biopic features Williams, Gwen Stefani, Kendrick Lamar, Timbaland, Justin Timberlake, Busta Rhymes, Jay-Z and Snoop Dogg.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.