Photo: Getty Images
Kendrick Lamar refuses to let Drake win in their ongoing war on wax. Nearly 24 hours after he released "Meet The Grahams," KDot shocked fans again with his fourth surprise diss track "Not Like Us" on Saturday night, May 4. The upbeat, DJ Mustard-produced song has Kendrick calling out Drake and his crew for a series of offenses. He alleges that Drizzy is a "certified pedophile" and alludes to other allegations against his OVO artists. "Say, Drake, I hear you like 'em young/You better not ever go to cell block one," Kendrick raps. "To any b***h that talk to him and they in love/Just make sure you hide your lil' sister from him."
"They tell me Chubbs the only one that get your hand-me-downs," he continues. "And PARTY at the party, playin' with his nose now/And Baka got a weird case, why is he around?/Certified Lover Boy? Certified pedophiles."To emphasize his point, Kendrick even used a map of Drake's Toronto mansion and placed numerous sex offender icons around the property. The catchy record gets worse for Drake as KDot calls his ties to Atlanta into question. In his final verse, Kendrick claims Drake is a "colonizer" for using the likes of Future, 21 Savage, Lil Baby, 2 Chainz, Young Thug and Quavo to make himself richer. "You called Future when you didn't see the club, Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up," KDot spits. "21 gave you false street cred/Thug made you feel like you a slime in your head/Quavo said you can be from Northside/2 Chainz say you good, but he lied/You run to Atlanta when you need a few dollars/No, you not a colleague, you a f**kin' colonizer." Kendrick's latest song instantly spread like wildfire throughout the Internet and parties everywhere. Mustard was spotted playing the record during his set last night at a nightclub. Rick Ross also blasted the diss track at his pool party. It doesn't seem like the battle between rap's biggest stars will end any time soon. KDot said he's got plenty more diss tracks in stock for Drizzy. So far, Drake has not reacted to the latest song about him. Listen to Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" below. WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE