The NFL announced the pregame entertainment for Super Bowl LIX, which will take place at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Sunday, Feb. 9, 2025 and air live on FOX. The star-studded lineup of Jon Batiste, Trombone Shorty, Lauren Daigle and Ledisi honors the legendary music scene of New Orleans and features artists who call Louisiana home.
“We’re honored to work with this year’s pregame lineup to celebrate the rich musical legacy of New Orleans and the entire state,” said Seth Dudowsky, head of music at the NFL. “The Super Bowl is a rare moment to unite fans around the world, and this year’s performers will bring the energy, soul and vibrant sounds of the region to a global stage, as we kickoff Super Bowl LIX with a celebration to remember.”
Acclaimed musical artist Jon Batiste will perform the national anthem. Batiste is a five-time Grammy Award-winning and Academy Award-winning artist known for his dynamic work as a singer, songwriter and composer. The New Orleans native and twenty-two-time Grammy nominee recently released Beethoven Blues (Batiste Piano Series, Vol. 1), which reimagines Beethoven’s iconic works through a blues lens and debuted as the #1 Classical album. In addition, Batiste composed the innovative score for the critically acclaimed film Saturday Night from director Jason Reitman, which Batiste arranged live on-set during filming. Batiste also composed the score for his documentary American Symphony, which was recently nominated for two Grammys.
Trombone Shorty, the Grammy Award-winning New Orleans musician and producer, will perform “America the Beautiful” alongside Grammy Award-winning artist Lauren Daigle. Together, the two artists will deliver a powerful rendition of the iconic song, capturing the vibrant energy and spirit of Louisiana.
Born Troy Andrews, Trombone Shorty blends funk, soul, R&B and rock in his music. A true New Orleans legend, Shorty performed at Jazz Fest with Bo Diddley at age four and led a brass band by age six. Since then, he’s released five acclaimed albums, toured with major acts like Lenny Kravitz, Red Hot Chili Peppers and the Foo Fighters, headlined festivals worldwide, and performed at the Grammys 4 times and the White House six times. Deeply connected to New Orleans, he closes Jazz Fest’s legendary final set and leads his own Mardi Gras parade atop a float in his likeness.
Accompanying Trombone Shorty, Louisiana native Lauren Daigle is a multiple Grammy, American Music and Billboard Music Award winner known for her powerful voice and chart-topping hits. Her 2018 album Look Up Child debuted at No. 3 on the Billboard Top 200, making her the first female artist to reach the Top 10 on both the Pop and Christian Album charts simultaneously. The album’s lead single “You Say” has been certified six-times Platinum. Daigle’s recently released self-titled album spawned her 6th chart-topping song, “Thank God I Do,” and boosted her worldwide streaming numbers past 1 billion.
Grammy Award-winning artist Ledisi will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing.” A proud New Orleans native, her artistry embodies her hometown’s vibrant musical and cultural heritage while resonating on a global scale. With 15 Grammy nominations and a win for Best Traditional R&B Performance for “Anything For You,” Ledisi has earned international acclaim, redefining soul and R&B with her electrifying performances and commanding stage presence. She has graced many prestigious stages, including The White House and the Kennedy Center, and sold-out performances at iconic venues like Carnegie Hall, captivating audiences around the world with her unmatched vocal prowess and magnetic artistry. Ledisi is celebrated as a true musical force and cultural trailblazer.
The Super Bowl pregame entertainment and Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show will also feature American Sign Language (ASL) performances. Stephanie Nogueras will perform the “Star-Spangled Banner” and “America the Beautiful,” Otis Jones IV will sign “Lift Every Voice and Sing,” and Matt Maxey will deliver the ASL rendition of the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show. The ASL pregame performances and the ASL Halftime show will be supported by Alexis Kashar of LOVE SIGN and Howard Rosenblum of Deaf Equality.
The NFL previously announced that critically acclaimed artist Kendrick Lamar will headline the Apple Music Super Bowl Halftime Show, which will be produced by DPS with Roc Nation and Jesse Collins serving as executive producers.
For updates on Super Bowl LIX festivities, fans can visit SuperBowl.com
400 Esplanade Avenue (in the New Orleans Jazz Museum), New Orleans, LA 70116
[email protected]504-944-4300
© 2025 OffBeat MagazineWebsite by Westguard Solutions