search
Actress and cookbook author has double-range kitchen with a wood-fired oven
SHARE THIS ARTICLE
FONT SIZE
Gwyneth Paltrow is selling her 8,000-square-foot home in Brentwood’s Lower Mandeville Canyon for $29.99 million.
The Academy Award-winning actress in “Shakespeare in Love” and “The Talented Mr. Ripley” has listed the single-story house at 1701 Westridge Road, the Wall Street Journal reported.
The CEO of Goop and her ex-husband, Chris Martin, bought the house in 2012 for $9.95 million.
The white H-shaped home, built in 1950 on two-thirds of an acre, received a ground-up renovation in 2009.
The seven-bedroom, six-bathroom estate sits behind tall hedges and mature trees on Westridge and Mandeville Canyon Road.
Two years ago, Paltrow added a one-bedroom guesthouse with a wine cellar, office, gym, game room and movie theater, according to the WSJ. There’s an apartment above the garage. 
Paltrow, author of several cookbooks, spent hours in the kitchen equipped with double cooktops and ranges, plus a wood-burning oven.
The listing is held by Lea Porter of the Beverly Hills Estates.
Paltrow has two children with Martin. When she married writer-producer Brad Falchuk in 2018, he moved into the house with his two kids, and it became a home for their blended family, Porter told the newspaper.
She said Paltrow is selling because her children have grown up and she just finished building a new home in Montecito. The couple, whose children are college-age, want to downsize in Los Angeles and will split their time between L.A., Montecito and a home in Amagansett, N.Y.
This month, rapper Kendrick Lamar paid $40 million for the Farmhouse-style estate next door to Paltrow’s at 1707 Westridge Road.
Luxury sales have slowed in Los Angeles, however, since Measure ULA, a property tax on large real estate transactions, was enacted a year ago.
In the first quarter, the number of luxury single-family sales in Los Angeles dropped 19.6 percent year over year, while the median sale price fell 10.5 percent during the same period, according to Miller Samuel, a real estate appraisal firm.
— Dana Bartholomew
All rights reserved © 2025 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc.