Yet another rapper has entered the rap beef chat.

													By
												

	Angel Diaz


UPDATE: After the publication of this article, Gunna and his producer Turbo took to social media to deny that Gunna was dissing Drake.

	Add Gunna to the long list of rappers dissing Drake. On two tracks on his new album One of Wun, the Atlanta rapper appears to take a couple shots at Drake, who’s seemingly still licking his wounds from battling Kendrick this past month. 

	Gunna wastes no time as he hits the Canadian rapper with a ghostwriting jab on the album’s intro “Collage,” rapping, “Thank God I didn’t need a writer/ I work but they think they entitled.” Then on track 11, “Still Prevail,” he disses the 6 God more directly, saying, “I clear all the tabs/ They pay for their abs.”

	Recently, Rick Ross and Kendrick Lamar have brought up both points when dissing Drake. Ross mentioned the ghostwriting claims on his “Champagne Moments” diss, spitting, “Ghostwriters, they get to floss what you could’ve had.” He also accused Drake of getting not only a nose job, but an ab job, giving birth to the BBL Drizzy nickname that’s taken hold with rap fans. During a rant at the end of his diss song, the Miami rapper said, “You had that surgery, that six pack gone. That’s why you wearin’ that funny s–t at your show. You can’t hide it, n—a.” 

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	On “Euphoria,” Kendrick took an ab jab, rapping, “Let your core audience stomach that, then tell ’em where you get your abs from,” and a ghostwriting one, telling Drake, “It ain’t 20 v. one, it’s one v. 20 if I gotta smack n—s that write with you.”

	We have no idea why Gunna sent those shots over at Drake. He must be siding with his Atlanta comrades Future and Metro Boomin. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.