MyNewsLA.com

					Breaking news for Los Angeles, Orange and Riverside counties				
A star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame will be unveiled Friday honoring George Clinton, the mastermind of the Parliament-Funkadelic collective for his contributions to funk music.
Red Hot Chili Peppers lead vocalist Anthony Kiedis, famed civil rights attorney Ben Crump and longtime Motown songwriter Janie Bradford are set to join Clinton in speaking at the 11:30 a.m. ceremony in front of the Musicians Institute, where many of the new Walk of Fame stars from the music industry are placed.
The ceremony will be streamed on the Walk of Fame’s website, walkoffame.com.
The star is the 2,769th since the completion of the Walk of Fame in 1961 with the initial 1,558 stars.
Born July 22, 1941, in Kannapolis, North Carolina and raised in Plainfield, New Jersey, Clinton formed the barbershop doo-wop ensemble The Parliaments when he was 15 years old. It scored a major hit in 1967, “(I Wanna) Testify.”
When Clinton temporarily lost the rights to the name The Parliaments during a contractual dispute with Revilot Records in 1968, he formed Funkadelic, a rock group that fused acid-rock guitar, bizarre sound effects and cosmological rants with danceable beats and booming bass lines.
Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.

				MyNewsLA.com won’t sell your information and you can unsubscribe at any time.			
Funkadelic had several influential concept albums, including “Free Your Mind… and Your Ass Will Follow,” released in 1970, ” Maggot Brain,” released in 1971, and “America Eats Its Young,” released in 1972.
After regaining the rights to name “The Parliaments,” Clinton formed Parliament in 1970, with the same five singers and five musicians as Funkadelic but as a smoother R&B-based funk ensemble.
Some of Clinton’s most popular songs include “P-Funk (Wants to get Funked Up),” “Mothership Connection (Star Child),” “Give Up the Funk (Tear the Roof Off the Sucker),” “Flash Light,” “One Nation Under a Groove,” “(Not Just) Knee Deep,” and “Aqua Boogie,” eventually culminating with the 1982 solo release of “Atomic Dog.”
“Atomic Dog” has been featured in such films as “102 Dalmatians,” “Trolls World Tour” and “Menace II Society” and sampled many times, most notably by Snoop Dogg on his smash-hit “Snoop Dogg (What’s My Name Pt. 2).”
Clinton is also known for otherworldly live performances where he would emerge from a giant spaceship, “The Mothership,” at center stage as “Dr. Funkenstein.”
Parliament-Funkadelic became a source for early rap recordings, with its beats, loops and samples appearing on albums by 2Pac, OutKast, Dr. Dre, Busta Rhymes, Missy Elliott, De La Soul, Ice Cube, Public Enemy and Childish Gambino.
Clinton collaborated with Kendrick Lamar on the rapper’s 2015 Grammy-winning album “To Pimp a Butterfly.”
Parliament-Funkadelic was inducted into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 1997.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ

    Sign up here for our free newsletters. We’ll send you the latest headlines every morning and every weekday afternoon.
  

    Check for a confirmation email, and then you're all set with MyNewsLA.com!