Vice President Kamala Harris' ex-boyfriend, Montel Williams, has backed her presidential campaign after initially expressing support for another potential candidate.
Since President Joe Biden dropped out of the 2024 race and endorsed Harris to succeed him Sunday, the vice president has emerged as the frontrunner to be the Democratic Party's candidate.
She has since secured many other endorsements -- including that of one of her ex-lovers.
Williams -- who dated Harris in the early 2000s -- first tweeted Monday that he would "campaign" for Maryland Gov. Wes Moore if he decides to run for president.
RELATED :
Michelle Obama, Kamala Harris, #TrumpIsTooOld Trend Online As Biden Drops Out Of Presidential Race
"I'd love to see @iamwesmoore leading the ticket or otherwise on my ballot and I'm ready to campaign. I've watched @GovWesMoore lead my home state of Maryland, and I know leadership when I see it," Williams wrote on X, formerly Twitter, Monday morning.
🚨I’d love to see @iamwesmoore leading the ticket or otherwise on my ballot and I’m ready to campaign. I’ve watched @GovWesMoore lead my home state of Maryland, and I know leadership when I see it. https://t.co/x5YhPg9ahY
This quickly set off rumors and reports that he did not support Harris becoming the nominee.
Later in the day, the governor announced that he was giving his "full endorsement" to Harris to be the Democratic presidential nominee.
"Kamala Harris will move us forward, toward a brighter future for all," Moore wrote in a statement shared on X. "She is the fighter we need at this moment to realize the full promise of our nation."
Read also:
Biden Massive Blunder: Introduces Zelensky As 'President Putin,' Kamala Harris As 'Vice President Trump' Amid Mental Acuity Scrutiny
Shortly after, Williams seemingly showed that he agreed with Moore by reposting the Maryland governor's tweet.
The former "Montel Williams Show" host then appeared to double down on his support for Harris by sharing a screenshot showing he reposted the tweet and writing: "Reminding folks I RT'd this."
Reminding folks I RT’d this. pic.twitter.com/YQiMmTMt8S
Williams also responded to a TMZ report that claimed he does not endorse his ex.
"Guys, I hate to ruin your day, but you massively misinterpreted my tweet. I will vote for whomever can beat Trump," he clarified.
Guys, i hate to ruin your day, but you massively misinterpreted my tweet. I will vote for whomever can beat Trump.
In another post, Williams explained why he initially signaled support for Moore.
"Is anyone surprised I am interested in a politician who also went to the Naval Academy and whose leadership has impressed me?" Williams wrote.
Willie Brown, the former mayor of San Francisco and another ex-boyfriend of Harris', also backed her candidacy.
Brown, who dated the vice president in the 1990s, told reporters that making Harris the Democratic nominee was the "best way" to defeat Republican nominee Donald Trump.
"In all the jobs she's had ... she's always been outstanding," Brown said of his ex, as quoted by San Francisco Standard.
"When they watch Kamala Harris exchange views with Trump, there'll be no question. The gender of the candidate will not make the difference," he added.
Harris has wasted no time launching her 2024 presidential campaign, kicking things off with a speech at her campaign headquarters in Delaware on Monday.
The vice president has been married to Douglas Emhoff since 2014.