MTV has revealed the acts who will perform at the 2024 MTV EMAs which will be held in Manchester next month. The EMAs will take place at Co-op Live arena on Sunday November 10 and broadcast live across the world.
Those set to perform at the arena include multi-platinum, Grammy-nominated singer-songwriter Shawn Mendes, singer-songwriter Raye and Teddy Swims who has made waves in recent months with his single "Lose Control".
Bush frontman Gavin Rossdale, plus screen stars Aaron Taylor-Johnson, Jodie Turner-Smith and Lucien Laviscount, will also take to the stage as presenters for the awards.
READ MORE: MTV EMA nominations announced for Manchester with Taylor Swift, Ariana Grande, Sabrina Carpenter leading the way
Also set to take to the stage will be Benson Boone who has rocketed to global stardom with his viral smash-hit "Beautiful Things" from his debut album 'Fireworks & Rollerblades'. He'll be joined on stage by The Warning, the Mexican-born sister trip who have amassed millions of streams and fans off the back of their headline world tour.
Earlier this month, the nominations were revealed ahead of the ceremony, with Taylor Swift leading the pack with seven nods, including “Best Artist,” “Best Video”, “Best Pop” and “Biggest Fans”.
Ariana Grande, Billie Eilish, Charli XCX and Sabrina Carpenter all scored five nominations each, appearing in categories including “Best Song”, “Best Video” and “Best Artist”. Closely following with four nominations each were Ayra Starr, Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, LISA, plus first-time nominees Chappell Roan and Tyla.
With the MTV EMAs headed to Manchester, there is even more anticipation in store for fans in the city, as hometown hero Liam Gallagher will go head to head with rock icons Bon Jovi, Coldplay, Green Day, Kings of Leon, Lenny Kravitz and The Killers in the “Best Rock” category.
More information has now also been revealed on how fans can get their hands on tickets and attend the glittering awards ceremony. A pre-sale will be open to Co-op Members on Wednesday, 23 October at 12pm, followed by a general ticket on-sale on Thursday, 24 October at 12pm.
The 2024 MTV EMAs will broadcast at 9pm on Sunday, 10 November on MTV UK, Channel 5 and Pluto TV, and will be available on demand on Paramount+ from 12 November.
Fans can vote for their favourites across categories including “Best Song,” “Best Artist,” “Best Collaboration” on the MTV EMA 2024 website here. The “Biggest Fans” winners will be voted for at a later date on social via @MTVEMA.
Fans have been urged to sign up here to stay informed on ticket releases and further updates.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.