29th March 2024

On the latest episode, R&B singer SiR joins us to talk about his new record Heavy, growing up in Inglewood and his musical family. Plus, he gets vulnerable and frank about his path to sobriety. 

On the latest episode, R&B singer SiR joins us to talk about his new record Heavy, growing up in Inglewood and his musical family. Plus, he gets vulnerable and frank about his path to sobriety. 
(Photo: Ro.lexx)
Most professional musicians decide they’re gonna really go for it before they’re even old enough to drive a car. R&B singer SiR didn’t figure it out until he was well into his 20s. 
It’s unusual for just about any successful performer to wait that long – especially considering his family. His father played with Prince. His mother sang backup for Michael Jackson and Anita Baker. 
Before he started pursuing music SiR got fired from his job at a gym. He was writing songs for some bigger names – Stevie Wonder, Ginuwine, Tyrese, and Jill Scott. Eventually he realized the only person he trusted to lay down the songs he’d written was himself. 
He cut his first record just before he turned 30 – Seven Sundays, in 2015. Then he signed with Top Dawg Entertainment – TDE, the label that launched the careers of Kendrick Lamar, SZA and Schoolboy Q. 
SiR just released his fourth album, Heavy. It’s one of his most personal records to date. It’s about depression, addiction and loss. 
On the latest episode, SiR joins us to talk about the new record, growing up in Inglewood, and his musical family. Plus, he gets vulnerable and frank about his path to sobriety. 
Bullseye is a celebration of the best of arts and culture in public radio form. Host Jesse Thorn sifts the wheat from the chaff to bring you in-depth interviews with the most revered and revolutionary minds in our culture.
Bullseye has been featured in Time, The New York Times, GQ and McSweeney’s, which called it “the kind of show people listen to in a more perfect world.” Since April 2013, the show has been distributed by NPR.
If you would like to pitch a guest for Bullseye, please CLICK HERE. You can also follow Bullseye on Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook. For more about Bullseye and to see a list of stations that carry it, please click here.

Bullseye is a celebration of the best of arts and culture in public radio form. Host Jesse Thorn sifts the wheat from the chaff to bring you in-depth interviews with the most revered and revolutionary minds in our culture.
Bullseye has been featured in Time, The New York Times, GQ and McSweeney’s, which called it “the kind of show people listen to in a more perfect world.” Since April 2013, the show has been distributed by NPR.
If you would like to pitch a guest for Bullseye, please CLICK HERE. You can also follow Bullseye on Twitter, YouTube, and Facebook. For more about Bullseye and to see a list of stations that carry it, please click here.
Host
Senior Producer
Producer
Maximum Fun Producer
Maximum Fun Production Fellow
Video Editor
Maximum Fun Production Fellow
Stream or download episodes directly from our website, or listen via your favorite podcatcher!
29th April 2025
25th April 2025
22nd April 2025
18th April 2025
15th April 2025
11th April 2025
Copyright © 2025 Maximum Fun Maximum Fun Media Cooperative Corp. is a worker-owned cooperative. It is not a 501(c)(3) charity and contributions are not tax-deductible.
Site by Pixel & Dot

Site by Pixel & Dot