By KEVIN KAYHART FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  07:27, 22 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:46, 22 June 2024   
 11
View  comments
Snoop Dogg has come out to crown Kendrick Lamar 'King of the West' following the success of his Pop Out - Ken & Friends concert this week.
From a hotel room in Canada, the legendary rapper took to his Instagram page early Friday morning, June 21, to give a special shout-out to Lamar for the peace and unity displayed at the Juneteenth (June 19) show.
'Top of the morning, big Snoop Dogg coming at you here live from Canada,' the Gin And Juice star said while staring directly at his computer screen.
'Sending a big shout-out to K.Dot [Kendrick Lamar] and all the homies from the West that stood together unified, organized in peace and love,' he said while complimenting Lamar (born Kendrick Lamar Duckworth).
'That was beautiful. That was fun to watch.'
Snoop concluded, 'Beautiful to see all of my peoples coming together and K.Dot you are the King of the West. That's the kind of s**t kings do; we unite; we bring our people together.'
Snoop Dogg has come out to crown Kendrick Lamar (pictured) 'King of the West' following the success of his Pop Out - Ken & Friends concert this week 
From a hotel room in Canada , the legendary rapper took to his Instagram page early Friday morning, June 21, to give a special shout-out to Lamar for the peace and unity displayed at the Juneteenth (June 19) show 
Rounding out the post, Snoop (born Calvin Cordozar Broadus Jr.), 52, wrote, 'Peace love and soul,' in the caption.
Often regarded as one of the one of the greatest rappers of all time, Lamar had a lot of organizing and planning involved to pull off the Pop Out show with all the different performers who hit the stage on June 19.
While Lamar held his Pop Out show at the Kia Forum in the Inglewood neighborhood of Los Angeles, he also had it live-streamed by Twitch.
The show featured an opening set from DJ Hed, which was followed by Mustard and a host of performances including Tyler, The Creator, YG, Roddy Ricch, Ty Dolla $ign, a surprise reunion from Black Hippy featuring Jay Rock, Ab-Soul and ScHoolboy Q.
By the time the Pray For Me rapper made his grand arrival for his set he began with his song Euphoria before diving into more of his hits, according to XXL.
Dr. Dre would go on to introduce the headliner's chart-topping Drake diss track Not Like Us, which Lamar, 37, went on to perform five times.
As a duo, Dre and Lamar performed the classic tunes Still D.R.E. and California Love, to the satisfaction of the fans.
For the conclusion of the unifying show, all of the various musical artists returned to the stage for a group photo, followed by one last performance of Not Like Us.
'Sending a big shout-out to K.Dot [Kendrick Lamar] and all the homies from the West that stood together unified, organized in peace and love,' Snoop said while complimenting Lamar (born Kendrick Lamar Duckworth). 'That was beautiful. That was fun to watch' 
Lamar made his grand arrival for his set at the Kia Forum with his song Euphoria before diving into more of his hits, according to XXL, on Wednesday night at The Kia Forum
Snoop was impressed with the unifying sense of peace and love at the concert that featured a slew of top musical artists
For the conclusion of the unifying show, all of the various musical artists returned to the stage for a group photo, followed by one last performance of Not Like Us
Snoop had previously ordained Kendrick Lamar as a leader in hip-hop after one of his early performances about a month after he released his debut studio album, Section.80 (2011); the duo are pictured in Atlanta in September 2016
Snoop actually ordained Kendrick Lamar as a leader in hip-hop many years ago after one of his early performances about a month after he released his debut studio album, Section.80 (2011).
'I'ma say this and I'ma mean this. Ni**a, you got the torch,' Snoop Dogg said at the time. 'You better run with it, ni**a, because it's yours.' 
Section.80 received generally positive reviews from critics upon its release, while debuting at number 113 on the US Billboard 200 chart.
Ultimately his debut was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association Of America (RIAA) for combined sales and album-equivalent units of over 500,000 units.
A concept album, the lyrics feature such themes as racism, the crack epidemic, and the medication tolerance of Generation Y.
Lamar has since gone on to release four more studio albums, including Good Kid, M.A.A.D City (2012), To Pimp A Butterfly (2015), Damn (2017), and Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers (2022).
Among his many accolades, kendrick Lamar has won 17 Grammy Awards out of 50 nominations during his career.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group