Manage your account
A typical, slow evening shift this month inside a Manhattan pizzeria turned into a nightmare after a defiant customer refused to take his pit bull outside. Believe me… whatever you think happened, what really happened was worse. - Kalyn Womack Read More
We knew this was coming. From the moment Kendrick Lamar released “Not Like Us,” we had a feeling that the song would be a staple for HBCU marching bands across the country. We were right. - Noah A. McGee Read More
Fulton County District Attorney Fani Willis has been haunting Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump’s nightmares since she began prosecuting her case against him for his alleged role in attempting to overturn the results of the 2020 presidential election in Georgia. But now, it seems Willis’ daughter is facing some legal trouble of her own. - Angela Johnson Read More
Students across the Carolinas are being warned about a serial foot-grabber (yes, you read that right) targeting the toes of female students on several college campuses in the area. - Angela Johnson Read More
Black people have had a significant impact on every aspect of life. From entertainment to sports to politics, to business, we’ve made this world a better place. Sadly, 2024 has seen us lose some of these industries’ most important figures. As we continue to make it through the year, join us in honoring the lives and legacy of those we’ve lost in 2024. - Root Staff Read More
Victor Moses had lifelong dreams of becoming a police officer. It was something he’d dreamed about since he was in middle school. He finally got the opportunity in 2023 when he became a recruit for the Denver Police Department, but his training experience allegedly ruined Moses’ career before it had a chance to start. - Noah A. McGee Read More
For many high school students, math class can be one of the most painful parts of their school day, full of complex equations with no real world applications. That’s why they make calculators, right? - Angela Johnson Read More
An Ugandan athlete who competed in the 2024 Paris Olympics has died after being brutally attacked by her boyfriend, according to authorities. Distance runner Rebecca Cheptegei was just 33 at the time of her death. - Candace McDuffie Read More
New details surrounding the shooting that killed four and injured several more at north Georgia high school are rolling in. Investigators are working to continue piecing together the events which resulted in the first deadly school shooting this school year, and the 23rd reported in 2024, according to Education Week. - Phenix S Halley Read More
For the latest news, Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.