Fans speculate that the rapper’s announcement includes a dig towards Drake
Kendrick Lamar has been announced as the headline act for next year’s Super Bowl LVI halftime show, set to take place on February 9 in New Orleans.
News of the performance was shared by the NFL, Apple Music, and Roc Nation along with a video of Lamar on a football field in front of an American flag.
In the video, Lamar says: “My name’s Kendrick Lamar and I’ll be performing at Super Bowl LIX. Will you be pulling up? I hope so. You know it’s only one opportunity to win a championship. No round twos.”
Read this next: Kendrick Lamar unveils victorious music video for Drake diss ‘Not Like Us’
In the announcement's comments, fans have been speculating over the line “no round twos”, and whether it could be a reference to his ongoing rap beef with Drake. Some have even speculated whether Lamar will perform his Drake-aimed diss track ‘Not Like Us’.
This won’t be the first time Lamar will perform at the Super Bowl. In 2022, the Compton-born artist joined Dr. Dre, Eminem, Mary J. Blige, Snoop Dogg and 50 Cent on stage.
The 2022 halftime show saw 50 Cent perform his classic 'In Da Club' whilst hanging upside down from the ceiling.
In a statement after the announcement went live on Saturday (September 7), Lamar shared: “Rap music is still the most impactful genre to date. And I’ll be there to remind the world why. They got the right one.”
Seth Dudowsky, Head of Music at the NFL, also spoke on the announcement, saying: "Few artists have impacted music and culture as profoundly as Kendrick Lamar. Time and time again, Kendrick has proven his unique ability to craft moments that resonate, redefine, and ultimately shake the very foundation of hip-hop."
Read this next: PinkPantheress missed out on Kendrick Lamar studio session due to phone being on silent
“We’re excited to collaborate with Kendrick, Roc Nation, and Apple Music to deliver another unforgettable Halftime Show," Dudowsky adds.
In a statement (via Rolling Stone), Jay-Z called Lamar a "once-in-a-generation artist and performer", saying: “His deep love for hip-hop and culture informs his artistic vision. He has an unparalleled ability to define and influence culture globally. Kendrick’s work transcends music, and his impact will be felt for years to come.”
The Super Bowl is scheduled to take place at the Caesars Superdome, New Orleans, on February 9 2025.
Watch the announcement video below.
A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar)
Becky Buckle is Mixmag's Multimedia Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.