The Magazine of Hip Hop Music, Culture and Politics
Live entertainment powerhouse AEG Presents just announced a strategic partnership with Tim Hinshaw and his creative studio, Free Lunch. This new collaboration, follows their co-presentation of Kendrick Lamar’s “The Pop Out – Ken & Friends” Juneteenth concert at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles with pgLang. 
ICYMI, the trailblazing event was streamed globally on Amazon Music, where Hinshaw is a current client.
Get this, as part of this new partnership, Hinshaw will concentrate on securing and marketing hip-hop, R&B, and gospel tours for AEG’s global touring division. Hinshaw, an L.A. native and the founder and CEO of Free Lunch, aims to bridge the gap between culture and corporate America through his multifaceted creative shop. Prior to this, he spent five years at Amazon as the head of hip-hop and R&B.
Back in 2022, Hinshaw brokered the exclusive livestream of Lamar’s “Big Steppers Tour: Live from Paris” on Amazon Music and Prime Video, celebrating the ten-year anniversary of Lamar’s debut album, “Good Kid, m.A.A.d City.” He also facilitated streaming deals for major events, including Tyler, the Creator’s “Call Me If You Get Lost Live” concert, Kanye’s “Free Larry Hoover” concert, J. Cole’s Dreamville Festival, and Summer Walker’s homecoming show in Atlanta for Black History Month. Before his tenure at Amazon Music, Hinshaw created the urban music division at Fender Guitars and worked in music marketing for Vans, beginning his career by co-managing his brother, songwriter Charles “Prince Charlez” Hinshaw.
Here what Hinshaw said on the partnership with AEG, “I’m honored that this chapter started with Kendrick Lamar’s ‘The Pop Out—Ken & Friends,’ an iconic moment for L.A. and Hip-Hop. Partnering with AEG is a natural next step for Free Lunch. I have been very fortunate in my career to play a role in delivering some of the most unforgettable live music experiences for the culture and look forward to continuing that success with Rich and the whole AEG team moving forward.”
Rich Schaefer, AEG Presents’ president of global touring, expressed his enthusiasm, saying, “Tim’s connection to hip-hop and R&B, whether it’s the music, the artists, or the culture, is unmatched. I am excited to bring someone of Tim’s stature on to help our team expand in an area we’ve already had so much success in. His spirit and energy will be a great addition to the Touring team, and we look forward to learning from him as we help build our business together.”