Kendrick Lamar has hit a new milestone.
As pointed out by Pop Crave, “Like That” is now the Compton native’s longest-running No. 1 song on the Billboard Hot 100, after it debuted atop the chart at the beginning of the month. The Metro Boomin and Future cut off We Don't Trust You has eclipsed Lamar’s previous No. 1 hits, “Humble” and “Bad Blood,” the Taylor Swift track he guested on.
"Like That" became instantly infamous for the way Kendrick came for Drake and J. Cole, proclaiming "motherfuck the Big 3, n***a it's just big me," among other shots.
According to Billboard, those two songs remained atop the chart for one week apiece, while “Like That” is still at No. 1 for its second week. “Humble” appeared on Kenny’s 2017 album Damn. Two years before that, he hopped on the remix of Taylor “Bad Blood.”
"Like That" is Future’s third No. 1 hit, following 2022’s “Wait for U” featuring Drake and Tems, and Drake's "Way 2 Sexy” in 2021 alongside Young Thug. It's Metro’s first-ever No. 1 as a billed recording artist.
music | BY Complex
J. Cole Shocked the World With His Kendrick Apology. But We Should Have All Seen It Coming.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
TDE President Punch Salutes J. Cole for Backing Down From Kendrick Lamar Beef: 'I Respect It'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake Keeps It Cryptic Following Kendrick Diss: 'I’m Down to Make It Worse'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.