Posted by Ally Reid at Monday, September 23, 2024 at 11:58 AM
    
Steve Stoute Says Drake Turned Down Super Bowl Twice Recently, Steve Stoute shared his feelings about people upset with Jay-Z over his choice of having Kendrick Lamar as the Super Bowl performer and revealed that Drake did turn down the offer. Steve said, "As far as I’m concerned, these artists are getting their flowers, and are getting their chance to perform on this stage — these Black artists, Hip-Hop and R&amp;B artists — if it wasn’t for [JAY-Z], this wouldn’t be happening. So how could you come down and criticize this man like that?" He continued, "I will confirm Drake was offered the Super Bowl twice. Drake did turn down the Super Bowl twice. And I’m sure if Drake would have said yes, he would have brought Lil Wayne out at some point. He probably would have brought out Nicki. Which is probably why she’s upset [with JAY-Z], ’cause she’s not onstage." He added, "He turned it down twice, which is fine. He didn’t want to do it. But nobody’s going to say, 'Damn, why’d you turn it down? You could’ve got Lil Wayne on.' Nobody’s going to connect that dot."

            REUTERS/Mark Blinch
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Everybody Loves Cake
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.
                                

                                    The 77th annual Albany Tulip Festival, presented by KeyBank will be held in the historic Washington Park, the 81-acre "crown jewel" of the City on Saturday May ...