The Magazine of Hip Hop Music, Culture and Politics
Another artist has parted ways with Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE). After seven years with signed to TDE, rapper Reason has announced he’s leaving the label that launched the careers of artists like Kendrick Lamar and SZA.
Reason, born Robert Lee Gill Jr., naturally shared his decision on social media, expressing gratitude for his time at TDE. “It comes with great appreciation and excitement that I want to announce my split with TDE,” he wrote. “I want to give a huge thank you to Top himself, not only for giving me a chance to live out my dream but also for hearing me and understanding my decision to travel a different path after the years. There’s truly no words for the amount of respect I have for you, and that’ll never change, no matter what.” Gratitude always helps in that spiritual journey, so definitely here for those vibes. 
He also thanked TDE fans and fellow artists: “I also want to thank every single TDE fan who embraced me and allowed me to share my music with them. There’s no world in which you don’t mean the absolute most to me. Last but not least, a thank you to all the artists who embraced me. Thank you for being a constant inspiration and ear while trying to navigate this industry and music. Thank you guys for the time and a huge thanks to everybody for this experience. Excited for what comes next!”
Reason was signed to TDE in August 2018, following his work on the TDE-produced “Black Panther” soundtrack. He released the mixtape “There You Have It” in 2017, which was re-released after his signing. Under TDE, he put out two albums: “New Beginnings” (2020) and “Porches” (2022).
Not too long ago, Reason voiced frustrations about the label’s support. On the Back on Figg podcast, he mentioned missed opportunities for collaborations with artists like Latto and EST Gee, saying, “On my end, the rollout and excitement right now is kind of the thing that’s missing.” TDE’s co-president Anthony “Moosa” Tiffith Jr. responded, questioning the impact of these features for Reason: “You could have got an EST Gee feature but what’s that going to do for Reason?”
In March, Reason discussed their reconciliation on the Hoefessions podcast, stating, “I’m still signed to the label. I just think shit’s just delicate… I don’t really know what the situation is. I’m still signed to the label right now.” That aside, Reason is on to the next and we wish him well.