Photo: Getty Images
Drake remains unbothered by the competition as the civil war within Hip-Hop continues.In the aftermath of Drake's response on "Push Ups," fans have been scouring the Internet for clues to a response from Kendrick Lamar and the rest of his foes. On Monday, April 15, OVO Hush, who's one of Drizzy's associates, posted a clip of a new diss track fans presumed was from K. Dot. There were plenty of people in the comment section who debated whether or not the bars were A.I.-generated. Drake himself also saw the clip of the diss and posted a single laughing emoji. 
The alleged response from Kendrick Lamar was indeed A.I., according to several sources. It's one of several fake songs that have been floating around the Internet lately. At one point, fans believed Drake's diss aimed at Lamar was A.I. until the official version surfaced online. As the faux response from the Compton rapper made its rounds, another questionable track by Drake also went viral. A second response from Drake called "Hi Whitney" caught the attentions of fans, but Drake himself told Akademiks the song was pure A.I. "He did hit me," Akademiks said during a recent livestream. "I guess when I was playing that 'Hi Whitney' sh*t, he said that's A.I. He said 100% A.I. So, I'm gonna take his word, but I ain't gonna lie to you. That sh*t is slick... That's really the Drake bag I want him to get into. It's not necessarily that track. That's the bag I want him to get into. The slick talk but direct talk over some smooth beat."Drake also shared his thoughts on Rick Ross' response to his diss. Mal from the Rory & Mal podcast said Drizzy told him how he reacted to "Champagne Moments." "I said, 'How do you feel about the Ross record?' I'm really trying to gauge him," Mal explained. "He said, 'He said he was richer than me and I turned it off.'" 
So far, Ross is the only one who has directly responded to Drake. The Weeknd posted a reaction around the time Drake's response first leaked, but hasn't said much since then. Within the past few days, Drake has been trying to bait Lamar, Metro and Future into responding. On his Instagram Story, the Canadian rapper posted a scene from the film Drumline with Metro's face edited into the footage. He also trolled the producer by hiring a marching band to play in front of Magic City in Atlanta. Future and Metro Boomin have yet to acknowledge Drake's response. They're too focused on their upcoming tour going down this summer.