Photo: Getty Images
J. Cole and Daylyt got the people talking after they dropped their surprise collaboration. On Monday, September 23, the battle rapper delivered his new single "A Plate Of Collard Greens" featuring J. Cole. Daylyt kicks off the track, produced by Python P & Saint Pat, with a verse "that the pastor gave from the pulpit." Midway through Daylyt's lyrical exercise, Cole chimes in and invokes the King of Pop himself, Michael Jackson. "Dangerous as the king of pop, how well they spin your block," Cole spits. "No moves, minimal, smooth criminals/The whole gang doin' insane amount of lean/This ain't prescribed 'cause there's no doc' for pain they harboring."
At face value, Cole's bars may reference MJ's hit "Smooth Criminal." However, some fans believe they double as jabs at Drake. Drizzy previously claimed he reached G.O.A.T status like Jackson in his collaboration with Cole "First Person Shooter." He even rapped about matching Jackson's record for the most No. 1 songs on Billboard's Hot 100 chart. Fans are also convinced that Cole references Drake and Lil Durk's unreleased collaboration "Discontinuing Wokhardt," in which Durk reportedly raps about relapsing during his mission to get off drugs. There's no confirmation that Cole's new raps have any connection to Drake at all. However, it's not too farfetched, especially after the Big 3 imploded this year following Drake and Kendrick Lamar's glorified beef. This is Daylyt and J. Cole's second collaboration of the year. They previously joined forces on "Pi" off Cole's Might Delete Later. The project is reportedly the set-up for the Dreamville founder's next LP, which is on the way according to Trae Tha Truth. The Houston rapper, who also collaborated with Cole earlier this year, said Cole's "album “His album coming and when the album comes, it's probably going to shock a lot of people," Trae told The Breakfast Club earlier this month. Listen to Daylyt and J. Cole's new song and Trae Tha Truth's recent interview below.