At the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, Huskers have the ability to shape their lives through enriching art, exciting student programs and helpful well-being resources. With so many possibilities at their fingertips, our students create a life at Nebraska that's like no other. Here, you'll have the unique and amazing opportunity to build a life that speaks to you, and our vast array of services and opportunities will help you do just that.
The University of Nebraska–Lincoln calls the state’s vibrant and emerging capital city home. Lincoln is what happens when Midwest friendliness meets big city innovation. Filled with rapidly-expanding tech companies, active arts scenes and cultural communities, it's a city that encourages growth and inspires its citizens.
Pinnacle Bank Arena routinely hosts major touring acts like Pink, Lorde, Run the Jewels, Kendrick Lamar, Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood. PBA also hosts local and national sports teams, including Husker men's and women's basketball. The arena is part of The Railyard entertainment district, which connects to the Historic Haymarket. There you'll find world-class cuisine, dynamic urban nightlife, and fun activities fit for the whole friend group. UNL’s City Campus is engrained with downtown Lincoln — many of these attractions are only a short walk away from our academic halls!
Lincoln's 6,000 acres of parkland is more per capita than Austin, Portland, and all but a handful of U.S. cities. The well-manicured Pioneers Park, the native woods of Wilderness Park and the open grassland of Nine-Mile Prairie are each within a 10-minute trip from campus. Over 130 miles of wide, smooth trails connect many of these with other points in the city.
Visit Lincoln
UNL's City and East campuses are cities within the city. City Campus borders downtown to the north, and has a park-like urban character. East Campus is less dense, with a magnificent 'woodsy' getaway in the Maxwell Arboretum, a grove of large specimen trees and shrubs. Both campuses are managed as botanical gardens, and are beautiful in any season.
As a Husker, you'll live in one of the traditional or suite-style residence halls that are integral to City and East life, or you’ll make your home in one of the many Greek houses. Many students also live in the neighborhoods surrounding the university, including downtown, the Near South, the North Bottoms and Lincoln’s other unique and walkable districts.
University Housing Fraternities & Sororities
The University of Nebraska–Lincoln is a force in Lincoln's creative community. The university is located in the hub of Lincoln’s arts and culture community — from gallery shows featuring local artists to concerts from the biggest names in music, there's something for everyone! Lincoln is a music city for all tastes, with an active independent music scene, legendary blues from the Zoo Bar and the delight of summer jazz at Jazz in June.
Learn More About Arts & Culture
Your health and well-being is one of our top priorities — which is why we provide multiple resources to allow you to live your healthiest and best life as a Husker! Our dining halls provide nutritious and delicious meals for all our Huskers, with sit-in and take-out options available. You can attend to all your physical fitness needs by utilizing one of our recreational facilities on City Campus and East Campus, or by renting equipment or hitting the rock climbing wall at our Outdoor Adventure Center.
Campus Recreation Outdoor Adventures
You can't talk about life at Nebraska without mentioning Husker Athletics. Our historic athletic programs provide unparalleled opportunities for student-athletes and endless entertainment opportunities for spectators.
Huskers.com
Visit Nebraska Become a Husker
Some parts of this site work best with JavaScript enabled.