Menu
WBEZ 91.5
Vocalo 91.1
Menu
WBEZ 91.5
Vocalo 91.1
Listen Live
Chicago disco-funk artist Ric Wilson will host “America Runs on Disco” dance party on Dec. 31 at Lincoln Hall.
Mendy Kong/WBEZ
Share
You’re subscribed!
Please check your inbox for your confirmation.
Sorry, there was an error registering your email.
By subscribing, you agree with WBEZ’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Looking ahead to his New Year’s Eve dance party, Chicago musician and activist Ric Wilson hopes that disco ideals will reign supreme.
Wilson is wrapping a busy 2024 that brought domestic and international tours with DRAMA, Black Pumas, Yellow Days and Chromeo. But Chicago’s “Disco Ric” will have one grand finale: “America Runs On Disco,” a year-end celebration, at Lincoln Hall.
Wilson’s new single also is called “America Runs on Disco” (an EP of the same name is due out in 2025). The song reflects Wilson’s thoughts over the past two years on escapism and paying homage to disco’s inclusive ethos.
“It was primarily Black and brown, gay folks and queer folk; they initially started the disco movement,” Wilson said. “What if America actually did run on disco, and had these same values that the old discotheques had on the dance floor? It would be a better place.”
Ric Wilson took the stage for day one of Pitchfork Music Festival on July 21, 2023.
Morgan Ciocca/Vocalo
Wilson, 28, has been on the local and international scene since 2016, releasing music in collaboration with Terrace Martin, BJ the Chicago Kid, Sen Morimoto, Cupidon, Yellow Days and CHAI before his teaming up with A-Trak and Chromeo for 2023 album CLUSTERFUNK. With that album’s lead track, “Everyone Moves To LA,” at more than 2 million streams on Spotify, Wilson said he feels the pressure for his upcoming project — one that has been in the works since 2019.
“I’ve been overthinking the debut for a while … and feeling like I need to tell my story in this one piece of work,” he said. “If you’re an artist that’s gonna keep being an artist for a while, it’s not about telling your story in one piece of work. It’s about telling your story consistently. I feel like it’s a series, and this is my first season.”
“America Runs On Disco,” the event, will also be Wilson’s first foray into hosting a dance party. In partnership with Red Bull and Chicago venue Lincoln Hall, it will feature sets from DJs Kit Kat, Timmy V, Billa and Louie Kason, plus a live performance from Wilson, a limbo contest and lots of Dance Dance Revolution. Stopping by the Vocalo studio in December, Wilson spoke with host Nudia Hernandez about his love of Chicago house music, his secret for thriving on international flights and his penchant for civic engagement.
If you go: Ric Wilson’s “America Runs On Disco” dance party will be at Lincoln Hall on Dec. 31 from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. Tickets start at $50.
Nudia Hernandez: You spent a lot of time this year in the UK, right? You were doing some shows over there. 
Ric Wilson: I did my first show in London this year — which is crazy, because I’ve been back and forth there since 2021. I toured Europe three times this year. I just did my first headlines in London and Paris in February, then I went back with my friend Yellow Days and we did all of mainland Europe. Then I went back with Chromeo and we played the exact same spots, except we went to Scandinavia. Those were a month and a half apart.
That was good, but that was all second quarter, like spring. Then in the third quarter, I sat down and finished some music that I’m finally going to put out this year, and mainly finished the album that’s going to come out next year.
So you were in Europe, you came back, you wrote the album in Chicago?
I’ve been writing this album since 2019, 2020, really. But 2020 got in the way, so we put everything on pause. Then me and Chromeo ended up making a whole project together. So then we were like, ‘Well, might as well put this one when I first and then put my album out.’
The album with A-Trak and Chromeo, CLUSTERFUNK — when you put out a project that is that amazing, do you feel like you need to top it with your personal project?
MixedByAli mixed that album, mastered it. He also mixed and mastered good kid, m.A.A.d. city, and everything since then, with Kendrick Lamar, and I think even before. That was really the big, like, ‘Okay, I gotta get someone that can mix as good as MixedByAli.’ Because when we did it with him, we got the A-Trak and Chromeo rate.
It was really that quality that I was worried about. Also, statement-wise, I feel like I’ve been overthinking the debut for a while, because everyone wants the debut to be ‘sound-defining.’ That was kind of it, too, and feeling like I need to tell my story in this one piece of work. But also, if you’re an artist that’s gonna keep being an artist for a while, it’s not about telling your story in one piece of work. It’s about telling your story consistently, and telling the story of where you’re still going after you told that story. It’s telling multiple stories.
I feel like it’s a series, and this is my first season. That’s how I’ve started thinking about albums. I used to think about it as in like, ‘Oh, man, it’s got to be, the finish to beginning, all perfect and the whole story told and boom.’ I don’t think everything needs to be The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill, because then you only got that one album from Lauryn Hill!
Chicago singer Ric Wilson released “American Runs On Disco” on Dec. 17, the title track of his 2025 EP.
 Mendy Kong/WBEZ
2024 was a crazy year. We had this election, and you’re known for your civic engagement. Does that also come with pressure? Because in the past, you have been so active. 
It used to pressure me when I was younger, but not no more, no. I know who I am. I know what I believe in, what I stand for and, at this point, hopefully everyone that’s following should know, too. I don’t get too worried about that.
I used to feel like, ‘Oh my God, something happened. I have to say something.’ I always try to tell other people that … you don’t always have to say everything. They don’t always have to hear your opinion right away, when things happen. I think we’re just such a microwave, jump-on-it-now culture that everyone feels like they have to give everyone their opinion on every single breaking news that happens. Everyone doesn’t need to know that. Sometimes I am moved — and when I’m moved, I’m moved a lot.
I don’t want to misquote you, but before we got on air you said that you wanted your new music, and maybe the music off this upcoming album, to be an escape from everything that was happening politically. Is that what you said?
No, so the EP is called America Runs on Disco. It was initially supposed to come out before the election, but we had to do some stuff with the label and figure some things out. It was supposed to be about not just this year, but also the year before. Pretty much since post-pandemic, I’ve seen a lot of people just lean more into escapism. And the EP is more my observation, seeing America ‘running on disco’ more. But then also this ideal sense of how disco was this movement, dance movement, dance music from Black and brown folks.
It started off as this place where Black and brown musicians’ music were being sped up and being played, and people were dancing to them. It was primarily Black and brown, gay folks and queer folk; they initially started the disco movement. Then everyone else started coming to these spaces because they felt safe and they could dance or whatnot. It’s having this ideology: What if America actually did run on disco, and had these same values that the old discotheques had on the dance floor? It would be a better place. It’s kind of like reality and also what I want to see.
Are you inspired, because there is such a big — well, it’s not controversial, but there is a big history with disco in Chicago?
I am not inspired by Chicago’s history of disco, because we’ve got some issues here. For people that don’t know, the Disco Demolition Night happened here in Chicago at Comiskey Park. A bunch of homophobic rock ‘n’ roll folks got together and decided that they hated disco, because they felt like it was corny and that it was taking people away from real musicians and real musicianship, real rock ‘n’ roll. And there was a DJ, I forgot his name, but he inspired these folks to organize the Disco Demolition Night, where they bought all these disco records and then kind of just started blowing them up, literally, in the middle of the White Sox stadium.
That history is kind of ugly, but Chicago’s house history is gorgeous. Because out of that came Chicago house. They thought they killed this movement and this genre, but they actually kind of just birthed another one.
It is beautiful, the Chicago house history. I feel like people that are born and raised in Chicago might not understand exactly how beautiful it is. 
I remember when I went to London the first time, I had to tell everyone, because London thinks they created house — which is crazy. I had to tell them all the time, ‘No, it started in Chicago.’ They’re like, ‘No, man, it started in Berlin.’ I was like, ‘No, it didn’t start in London or Berlin, it started in Chicago.’ Folks in Chicago know that, but I didn’t realize that people outside Chicago didn’t know that.
I grew up listening to house music at barbecues and stuff when I was a kid, it was always primarily older Black folks that were playing house music. I mean, I think now it’s changing, too. But when I discovered that, I kind of found the sound and doing more up-tempo music that was centered around Black joy, Black freedom, but also the trauma and the drama of dealing with racist folks in this country.
I didn’t realize that so many people didn’t grow up on house music like I did, especially Black and brown folks. House music and dance music, they used to see it as, quote-unquote, a ‘white thing.’ I was like, ‘That’s crazy,’ because it’s always been a super-duper Black thing to me.
Morgan Ciocca is the digital producer for Vocalo.
Nudia Hernandez is the host and producer of Nudia In the Afternoons on Vocalo. Follow her @nudiaonair. 
Want more arts and culture in your inbox every week? Subscribe to The Goods, Vocalo’s Chicago-focused newsletter.
Share
© 2025 Chicago Public Media Inc. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | FCC Public Filing Info | Notice of FCC Applications