By
Barack and Michelle Obama endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris in the 2024 presidential race. 
The Obamas shared a video of a phone conversation with Harris on social media. It’s captioned, “Earlier this week, Michelle and I called our friend @KamalaHarris. We told her we think she’ll make a fantastic President of the United States, and that she has our full support. At this critical moment for our country, we’re going to do everything we can to make sure she wins in November. We hope you’ll join us.”
Earlier this week, Michelle and I called our friend @KamalaHarris. We told her we think she’ll make a fantastic President of the United States, and that she has our full support. At this critical moment for our country, we’re going to do everything we can to make sure she wins in… pic.twitter.com/0UIS0doIbA
Michelle Obama adds in the one-minute video, “I can’t have this phone call without saying to my girl Kamala: I am proud of you. This is going to be historic.”
Obama, the first Black president, and Kamala Harris, who could become the first female president, have maintained close contact since she announced her candidacy. He has been privately supportive, according to four sources familiar with their discussions, as reported by NBC News.
Obama had supported Biden’s re-election effort but had concerns about Biden’s prospects in November following a weak debate performance in late June.
Biden endorsed Harris for president moments after he announced his withdrawal from the race on Sunday, leading Democrats to quickly rally around her. Former President Bill Clinton and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also endorsed Harris in a joint statement.
In 2010, Obama endorsed Harris for attorney general, a position she held for six years. In 2016, he endorsed her Senate run and appeared in a TV ad supporting her.
Obama also nominated Harris’ brother-in-law, Tony West, to lead the Justice Department’s Civil Division in 2009. West later became an associate attorney general in the Obama administration.
Obama’s endorsement follows Beyonce’s approval of Kamala Harris’s use of her hit song, “Freedom,” featuring Kendrick Lamar. 
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97