The Magazine of Hip Hop Music, Culture and Politics
As Sundance 2024 draws to an end, a variety of artists had a chance to showcase their talents at the iconic film festival, including many artists who have ties to the hip-hop industry.
Ezinma a violinist, film composer, educator, and performer who has worked with renowned artists including Beyonce, Stevie Wonder, Kendrick Lamar, Khalid, and Yo-Yo Ma, performed a special set mixing classical music and hip-hop for Chase Sapphire cardmembers at the Chase Sapphire on Main lounge. As a composer, Ezinma has scored many national advertisements, documentaries, and short films, making her an up-and-coming person to watch in the film community as well. Joining other reality stars such as Jon Gosselin, Chef Melissa King, multi-hyphenate Bravo Top Chef winner, also created and presented special dishes and held a meet and greet for Sapphire Reserve cardmembers at the lounge as well.
White Claw hosted the Brittany Howard for an exclusive Shore Club performance during the Sundance Film Festival on Friday night. Brittany’s performance began with an eclectic and immersive sound bath experience which set the stage for a first-hand look and listen at Brittany’s brand-new album set to release on Friday, February 9. As the sound bath concluded, Brittany played 9 songs from her new album, each one showcasing Brittany’s expansive musical knowledge and each highlighting a different genre of music. In between each song, Brittany discussed her inspiration, journey to each completed song and her vision for the album as a whole. For her final act at the White Claw Shore Club, Brittany took the stage for the first time as DJ blackfootwhitefoot and brought the crowd to their feet with some groovy funk music. 
The Latinx House celebrated the Latin community’s filmmaking achievements through a series of expert panels, receptions, parties, and flash talks with creators, powerful discussions on pertinent issues, including representation in the industry, climate change and banned books. Appearances by industry and Latinx luminaries at the 2024 house included directors and cast from films such as “Ponyboi,” “In the Summers,” “Border Hopper,” “God Save Texas,” among many others. In celebration of Sundance’s 40th edition, they took a look back at the festival’s four decades of powerful films and envision the future of films created specifically by Latinx storytellers.