Actress Jennifer Garner's father, William John Garner, died at the age of 85 years old over the Easter weekend passing away "peacefully" in his sleep. 
 Monday afternoon the 13 Going on 30 star announced the sad news of her dad's passing on social media and shared a heartfelt tribute in his memory. The 52-year-old star shared that he was surrounded by those who loved him most at the time of his death as they all sang Amazing Grace to him. She explained that William's passing came after a long health battle and that he lived a long, fulfilling life. 
In the social media post dedicated to her father, Jennifer shares a series of snaps with her dad over the years and wrote: "My dad passed peacefully Saturday afternoon. We were with him, singing Amazing Grace as he left us (did we carry him across or scare him away— valid question.) While there is no tragedy in the death of an 85 year old man who lived a healthy, wonderful life, I know grief is unavoidable, waiting around unexpected corners."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to  The Mirror US  .
READ MORE: Grammy winner Casey Benjamin dies at age 45 after working with Beyonce and Kendrick Lamar 
She continued: "Today is for gratitude. We are grateful for Dad’s gentle demeanor and quiet strength. For how he teased with a mischievous smile, and for the way he invented the role of all in, ever patient girl dad. We are grateful for his work ethic, leadership and faith."
The former Alias star went on to thank the medical staff at Charleston Area Medical Center and City of Hope for their dedication to caring for her father and allowing him to spend his last months doing what he loved most. She said that the period leading up to her father's death was a happy one as he spent quality time with his children, grandchildren, and his wife of 59 years. She said that during this time he continued to captain his own boat as well.
Jennifer said that she will never be done talking about how wonderful her father was but that these were the immediate words that came to her. The Hollywood star concluded the post by writing: "For today I share these memories with my appreciation for the kind and brilliant man, father, and grandfather he was, as well as the loving legacy he left behind."
Fans of Jennifer took to the comment of the post showering her in love and well wishes as she grieves the loss of her close family member. One fan wrote: "What a beautiful tribute to a very special person. Our hearts are with the Garner girls this week." And another commented: "I’m so sorry! Losing a parent is so hard! Sending lots of love!" And a third added: "What a lovely face he had! a wonderful father is a tough thing to beat — I had one too and know in my bones how lucky I was — how lucky you were— thinking of you and sending buckets of love."
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
Celeb obsessed? Get a daily dose of showbiz gossip direct to your inbox