Oasis are reportedly due to announce new tour dates in the USA after announcing their reunion last month.
Fans were in a frenzy trying to get tickets for their UK and Ireland reunion tour - with dates in Cardiff, Manchester, London, Edinburgh and London. Liam and Noel Gallagher's fans from the rest of the world may have missed out on the chance to see them, but hopes are still high as it has been reported they could be announcing US tour dates.
Earlier this month, fans were briefly excited after a supposed Super Bowl LIX set list was 'leaked' and showed Oasis to be one of Kendrick Lamar's supporting acts. After noticing the 'set list' circulating online, Liam responded to a photo of it with: "How's that leaked ffs."
And now, it looks like fans can prepare their credit cards as a source claimed the brothers - who only recently ended their lengthy feud - are expected to play in New York City, Los Angeles, Chicago and Boston. They claimed: "Noel and Liam will be announcing their shows in the US on Friday."
Speaking to The Sun, they said: "It’s going to be a handful of massive dates in major cities. Brits living in New York and Los Angeles should have a decent chance at getting themselves a ticket." The Mirror have reached out to Oasis for comment.
A day or two after the reunion was announced, US fans were surprised with a billboard that teased shows in New York. Fans in the States wanting to catch the band as they perform together in 2025 after brothers Liam Gallagher and Noel Gallagher finally put their differences aside could be in with a chance after a huge video billboard from Amazon Music plugged the reunion. Excited fans shared a short clip of the advertisement on X as it teased possible shows in NYC.
The Oasis Mania account shared the video writing "#Oasis25 @amazonmusic" and adding an eyes emoji. The billboard showed an image of Liam and Noel and read: "If we need to put up a billboard to get these guys to come to the States, here it is."
A source also recently told The Mirror that Liam and Noel were close to nailing down a multi-million-pound deal to play their biggest-ever US concerts. A source said: “Their promoters at Live Nation are incredibly keen for this to happen, and Liam and Noel have verbally agreed plans. The question of if they will manage to go the duration of the tour without falling out has been raised, but there is now a massive financial incentive for them to keep the show on the road.”
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.