Manage your account
DENVER (KDVR) — The Mile High City was locked in on some key moments this year, with Google searches ranging anywhere from where to vote in the election to the Mike Tyson vs. Jake Paul fight.
Google Trends released its local year in search 2024, which collects the most popular search trends in specific areas, as well as across the country and globally.
 Yelp named 6 Colorado Chinese food restaurants as some of the best in US 
While Denver was interested in some similar subjects as the rest of the world, like the election, the city was looking for more specific songs, football games and local businesses compared to the rest of the Google searches.
This year, Denver specifically searched subjects relating to Olympians, popular songs, matches and what’s nearby. Here’s what Denver searched the most this year, separated by category:
While Denver was searching for the Mike Tyson vs. Jake Paul fight, where to vote and Hozier’s new hit “Too Sweet,” the rest of the country was more interested in the New York Yankees and soccer matches.
For the most trending searches nationwide this year, the top searches were for elections, Donald Trump, connections, the New York Yankees and Kamala Harris. Other common subjects ranged from Hurricane Milton to Toby Keith’s death.
 Zillow reveals the 2025 trends buyers are searching for 
Here are the top trending subjects in 2024 across the U.S., according to Google:
Trending search: Election
Trending person: Donald Trump
Trending actor: Katt Williams
Trending movie: “Inside Out 2”
Trending television show: “Griselda”
Trending athlete: Mike Tyson
Trending sports team: New York Yankees
Trending musician: Usher
Trending song: “Not Like Us” by Kendrick Lamar
Meanwhile, the most searched terms globally were Copa América, UEFA European Championship, ICC Men’s T20 World Cup, India vs. England and Liam Payne. Many people globally also searched about the U.S. election, excessive heat, O.J. Simpson, Donald Trump and Kamala Harris.
To see the full list of trending subjects globally, in the country or in your area, enter a specific location on Year In Search 2024 on Google Trends.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to FOX31 Denver.