In Spanish
Cardi B has surprised her fans by announcing that she will not be able to perform at ONE MusicFest this weekend due to a medical emergency that landed her in the hospital.
The singer shared the news on social media, leaving her followers in shock. "I am so sad to share this news, but I've been in the hospital recovering from a medical emergency over the last couple of days, and I won't be able to perform at ONE MusicFest," she wrote on X (formerly Twitter).
Thank you guys for understanding… I will see you soon 🫶🏽 pic.twitter.com/FoIFNo9r2s
However, Cardi promised to return "better and stronger soon." Although she didn't provide specific details about her condition, many fans recalled that back in August she shared details of an accident that almost caused her to lose a pregnancy.
At that point, the artist explained that she slipped while going down the stairs, causing her a significant injury. "I felt a weird jerk, like a pop, and I couldn't get up really," she said back then.
In addition to concerns over her health, Cardi has been experiencing issues with her personal life. She recently made waves on social media by publicly expressing her frustration towards her ex-husband Offset, with whom she shares three children: Kulture, Wave, and a newborn baby. In a series of deleted posts, Cardi expressed intense feelings towards him, adding more drama to her already tumultuous personal life.
I can’t say thank you enough to all my social media besties and cousins! All the love you sent me and all the posts you made to celebrate me could never go unnoticed! You all are truly one in a million! pic.twitter.com/cHghk015ed
"Bro, I wish the worst on this man... I never hated anybody soooo much, and these b---es be so [thirsty] to have him," she wrote about Offset on her social media, and after a fan reminded her that he's the father of her children, Cardi responded again, saying: "Yea he is that's why I don't wish him death... but I really hate this dirty ass narcissistic piece of s---... And his family and friends never check him, so he'll always be a piece of s--- person."
Despite these challenges, Cardi has remained active in the entertainment world. She was recently spotted shining at the Victoria's Secret show in New York and celebrated her 32nd birthday with a star-studded party.
The event where Cardi B was set to perform is one of the most important urban music festivals in the United States and is scheduled to take place on October 26 and 27, annually held in Atlanta. This year, Cardi was set to be one of the headliners, alongside other big names like Kendrick Lamar and Janet Jackson.
A post shared by instagram
© 2025 Latin Times. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.