Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Rapper and producer 50 Cent has responded to fellow hip-hop star Eminem's recent revelation that he's open to recording an album with him in the future.
Eminem, whose given name is Marshall Mathers III, rose to fame after his acclaimed debut album The Slim Shady LP was released in 1999. 50 Cent, real name Curtis Jackson III, enjoyed success with his 2003 debut album Get Rich or Die Tryin', which was executive produced by Eminem.
While the stars have collaborated on a number of projects, with 50 Cent starting his career signed to Eminem's Shady Records label and the two appearing together on several tracks, they have never exclusively recorded an album together.
During an appearance on DJ Whoo Kidd's Whoo's House Podcast released on December 24, Eminem expressed hopes of finally making it happen.
When asked how he would feel about recording an album with 50 Cent, Eminem responded: "That would be great."
"I mean, I think that we just got to stop bulls******* and just do it," he went on. "I would never say it's not possible."
After the interview was released, 50 Cent took to X, formerly Twitter, to share screenshots of the headlines Eminem's revelation sparked.
Captioning the images, 50 Cent wrote: "Looks like I'll be back in the booth after all! Just gotta do this residency in Vegas first."
Looks like I'll be back in the booth 👀👏👏👏after all! Just gotta do this residency in Vegas first • https://t.co/0nT7heEn2p pic.twitter.com/aoF5MAlb7S
Following in the footsteps of countless musicians before him, 50 Cent is set to have a residency in gambling haven Las Vegas—albeit briefly. His run at Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino's PH Live will commence on December 27 and run until January 4, 2025.
As well as collaborating with one another on a plethora of tracks, 50 Cent and Eminem have shared the stage on a number of occasions. When Eminem co-headlined the Super Bowl halftime show alongside Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, and Kendrick Lamar in 2022, 50 Cent also performed.
Away from music, Eminem made a cameo appearance as White Boy Rick in 50 Cent's Starz series BMF back in 2021.
"When Eminem found out I was directing, he committed to do it, and working together was natural," 50 Cent told Entertainment Weekly at the time. "It was an honor to have him on the show and it made this episode extra special."
In January 2023, 50 Cent revealed that he and Eminem have a project "in motion" to develop a "modern version" of the 2002 hit movie 8 Mile for the small screen.
"It's gonna be big," he told BigBoyTV at the time. "I think it should be there for his legacy, because if you don't see... it's important to me that they understand it."
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on pop culture and entertainment. He has covered film, TV, music, and Hollywood celebrity news, events, and red carpets for more than a decade. He previously led teams on major Hollywood awards shows and events, including the Oscars, Grammys, Golden Globes, MTV VMAs, MTV Movie Awards, ESPYs, BET Awards, and Cannes Film Festival. He has interviewed scores of A-list celebrities and contributed across numerous U.S. TV networks on coverage of Hollywood breaking news stories. Ryan joined Newsweek in 2021 from the Daily Mail and had previously worked at Vogue Italia and OK! magazine. Languages: English. Some knowledge of German and Russian. You can get in touch with Ryan by emailing r.smith@newsweek.com.
Ryan Smith is a Newsweek Senior Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London, U.K. His focus is reporting on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC