ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre, Senior Contributor. Forbes contributors publish independent expert analyses and insights. Hugh McIntyre covers music, with a focus on the global charts.
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Watts, CA - June 22: Kendrick Lamar smiles alongside Jay Rock, center, in between filming for the ... More the music video for "Not Like Us" at Nickerson Gardens on Saturday, June 22, 2024 in Watts, CA. Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" Drake diss track hits No. 1 on 11 different Billboard charts at once following the release of the tune's music video. (Michael Blackshire / Los Angeles Times via Getty Images)
Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” is so huge, it seemingly ended the feud between the rapper and Drake the moment it dropped. The tune was released amid the latest flare-up of the battle, which has been going on for years. “Not Like Us” was a massive commercial win when it first arrived, and now it’s become a winner once again.
“Not Like Us” currently rules 11 different Billboard charts this week. It’s steady on top of most of them, but it returns to the summit on others.
The track is soaring thanks to the recent release of its official music video. The clip, just like the song it soundtracks, was not good for Drake. It both poked fun at him and featured some imagery that fans who have been closely following the war will understand to be powerful jabs aimed at the Canadian powerhouse.
The success of the “Not Like Us” music video propels the title back to the throne on the Hot 100. Lamar earned his fourth career winner earlier this year when the single opened in first place. Now, it’s returned for a second spin on top.
At the same time, “Not Like Us” finds its way to No. 1 on two other lists. The Drake diss pushes from the runner-up space to the penthouse on both the Streaming Songs and Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay charts.
The smash is running the show on all of Billboard’s charts that include hip-hop, R&B, and rap. It currently leads the charge on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, R&B/Hip-Hop Streaming Songs, R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales, and R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay tallies.
It should come as no surprise, then, that “Not Like Us” is also the top tune on all of the rap-only charts. Just as is the case on the hip-hop lists, which are more inclusive, Lamar is dominant on the Hot Rap Songs, Rap Streaming Songs, Rap Digital Song Sales, and Rap Airplay rankings. He is a non-mover at No. 1 on all of them, as he was already running the show last time around.