#1 For New Country
The bonfires for Papa Noel along the banks of the Mississippi River in St. James Parish have long been extinguished. The turf at Tiger Stadium in Baton Rouge is getting a break from all the Saturday night football games and it looks as though Houma just might be holding on to their Big Lots store. At least, there is renewed hope that Louisiana Big Lots stores will still be with us in 2025.
Such is the frame of mind we have to be in as muddle through the final few days of 2024 and leap forward into the brand-new year of 2025. But before we move forward, let's take a look back, shall we? The internet search engine Google has released its top searches for cities across the country.
To make the list more manageable they have broken the search results down into four categories. The categories they chose to use included Olympians, Near Me, Songs, and Matches.  As you might imagine the Olympics were a pretty big deal during the summer months so there were a lot of searches related to the games.
If you were searching for an Olympian in Lafayette, Lake Charles, Baton Rouge, or New Orleans, chances are you were searching for Simone Biles. Other Olympians who made the cut include Anthony Edwards and Scottie Scheffler. 
The musical tastes of Louisiana "Googlers" also produced similar results. In Baton Rouge, New Orleans, Lafayette, and Shreveport folks were trying to find out more about Kendrick Lamar and his song Not Like Us. But there were quite a few artists and songs mentioned in the search breakdown.
The "Near Me" category offered some interesting insights into how we live in the different parts of the state. In Shreveport, folks were searching for Boardwalks, Poke Bowls, and Road conditions.  Meanwhile, in Baton Rouge, the "Near Me" searches were topped by Peach Cobbler, Road Closures, and Phone deals.
In Lafayette, the "Near Me" searches focused on Bookstores, Early Voting, Dietitian Jobs, and Kolaches. Leave to Lafayette to search for food, right? And finally Monroe. Monroe wanted to know about Ambulance Services, Dentist offices, and Prepaid Phones.
In the Matches category there were a lot of searches across the state for the Jake Paul Mike Tyson fiasco but mainly searches for sporting events revolved around football. Searchers wanted to know more about the New Orleans Saints, LSU Tigers, and the Dallas Cowboys.
If you'd like to see what your town searched for in 2024, you can find that, here. 
Gallery Credit: Sterling Whitaker