Drake may have slighted J. Cole by appearing to repost a tweet implying that Jay-Z once ignored Cole's phone call.
On Tuesday, the Instagram account @plottttwistttttt shared the 2019 tweet recounting an incident in which Cole's phone was allegedly stolen by a "fan."
"Remember when j cole got his phone stolen out of his pocket by a fan and they called jay z from it but he wasn't answering so they called from their own phone and he picked up," the tweet reads.
While the Instagram account appears to be associated with Drake, as it was one of the homes of his massive drop earlier this week, it's unclear who's actually running the account. 
And while Drake and Cole have been on good terms throughout most of their careers, things have become a little murky since Drake's beef with Kendrick Lamar pretty much changed everything. 
Remember, after bowing out of the beef, Cole was featured on Future and Metro Boomin's We Still Don't Trust You, while Drake reserved some bars for Cole on "Push Ups" and "Family Matters" where he essentially called him out for apologizing to Kendrick and being bothered by the longstanding beef between him and K Dot.
"I don't care what Cole think, that Dot shit was weak as fuck," Drake rapped on "Push Ups." Meanwhile, on "Family Matters," the 6 God rapped, "Cole losin' sleep on this, it ain't me."
music | BY Trey Alston
Drake Unboxes Cam'ron's Pink Jacket in Unearthed Video: "I Feel Like I Hate HOV Right Now"
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Drake Says Inspiration Behind “Hotline Bling” Was a Woman’s Phone ‘Blowing Up’ Right After They Hooked Up
music | BY Trey Alston
Drake Praises Lil Yachty's Creativity for Making "Poland": 'Nobody Is That Free of a Thinker'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.