ByDr. Marcus Collins
ByDr. Marcus Collins,
 Contributor. 
KevOnStage's Churchy
You can't target everybody. This is one of the longest-standing truisms of marketing. Trying to reach everybody is untenably expensive and remarkably ineffective. Different people want different things, and your thing will not appeal to everybody.
That's why we divide the heterogeneous market, where everyone is different, into homogenous-like clusters where people are more alike than they are different—a practice we know as segmentation. We then target the segments that are most likely to consume based on the shared characteristics among them in hopes of increasing the efficacy of our marketing activities and the possibility that people will take action. We're not talking about everybody; we're talking about our people—our targets.
This is Marketing 101, right? Yet, any attempt to discriminate against the segments that are unlikely to consume is often avoided for fear of reducing the brand's ability to scale. This is paradoxical, of course, because we know that we can't target everybody. However, the weight of the loss aversion that arises from possibly turning away a potential consumer is too heavy to ignore—so we don't commit. We don't commit to our segmentation or our convictions because we refuse to go all in. At best, we go just far enough to ensure that we don't alienate anyone, which often prevents us from focusing on our people—our targets, the individuals most likely to move.
But what if we chose to double down on our people? What if we were courageous enough to ignore the loss aversion and focus on our target segments? What might happen then? For answers to these inquiries and more, comedians provide a functional analog.
Comedians intuitively know that not everyone is going to think they're funny. Not everyone will gravitate toward their brand of comedy, so they focus on who they are as a comic and who their people are. Said differently, they segment the market and focus on the segments that are most likely to laugh because they know you can't target everybody—trying to do so is merely a waste of resources, which cheapens their product and reduces their ability to connect with their people—their target.
This is materially different from the aforementioned marketer's paradox. In most cases, marketers are afraid to turn away a potential customer, even if the possibility of that person becoming a customer is slim to none. So, they don't fully commit to their target.
But there's an opportunity cost to trying to appease everyone if only just a little. When we focus on our target, we end up tailoring our products to meet their specific needs, making them more valuable for a specified segment. We assign an exchange rate that is likely more akin to their EVC. Our distribution and communication efforts are typically more fitting for these individuals. Therefore, they are more inclined to buy, vote, download, or any other desired behavior we aim to achieve in our marketing efforts.
This is a winning calculus for marketers—we know this. However, our fear of loss aversion is so acute that it keeps us from doing what it takes to win: serve your people; forget the rest. But most marketers don't play to win; we play not to lose—and that is a losing game. We lose sight of who we are as a brand and who we're really serving—our people. Before long, we end up adequately serving no one.
To better understand this conundrum, I reached out to one of my favorite comics, Kevin Fredericks, aka KevOnStage. Kev is a comedian who got his start making videos on the social web. What started as a side project to this day job became a full-time endeavor that has amassed him over four million followers across the internet. The engagement of this collective has afforded him the ability to build his own studio for digital creators, support his own standup comedy tours, launch a New York Times best-selling book, Marriage Be Hard, and fund his own projects like the original series Churchy, which was recently acquired by BET (Black Entertainment Television). He recently collaborated with Will Smith and Martin Lawrence to promote the most recent installment of their Bad Boys movie franchise, Bad Boys: Ride Or Die.
Marriage Be Hard
The NAACP Image Award winner built this empire by unflinching serving his target community: the Black church. For KevOnStage, his experiences growing up in the Black church have shaped how he sees the world and, ultimately, informs how he navigates through the world. His comedy is essentially an expression of this worldview and serves as a cultural product for those who see the world similarly: church folks. His intimacy with the shared experiences of church folks is so proximal that his product—his brand of humor—is consistently spot-on for this segment.
Kev started in the Black church, doing sketches and standup routines at church talent shows for his local congregation. The advent of social networking platforms allowed him to expand his reach to congregations across the entire web and connect with a greater population of Black church-goers. He's engaging not just the people who went to church four days a week and all day on Sunday but also those who understand the cultural conventions of the Black church and its meanings. Wherever they are in the world, Kev is targeting this segment with a product tailored-made just for them.
KevOnStage describes what he does as "making videos for people to watch when they should be doing something productive." But he's laser-focused on precisely who those people are.
At a glance, he referred to his target as the Black church. However, during our conversation, he got even more specific. "I'm focused on the kids who grew up on the back pew of the church." He said, "You have to say the back pew; that is an important distinction because if you were in the middle or in the front [of the church], you were very serious. And that's cool. But I was just in there playing around, having a good time. You went to church, for sure, but you love Jesus and Jodeci, Kirk Franklin and Kendrick Lamar. They were in church, but they knew what was going on in the world, too."
If you grew up in church, like me, then you know exactly who those kids are. You know their proclivities and their mannerisms, regardless of their denomination or geographic location. Kev isn't speaking to them as much as he is speaking on behalf of them. His humor is the humor of the kids on the back pew, and they end up sharing his content as an expression of their own, which allows his reach to scale without trying to target everybody.
Anyone can watch Kev's videos, but he makes them for a specific group of people. Likewise, anyone can eat at McDonald's, but they're targeting fans. Anyone can wear Nike sneakers, but they're focused on athletes. Anyone can wear Levi's, but they're making products for people who are in pursuit of progress. Anyone can consume, but it's not for anyone; it's for their people.
This is the kind of discretion marketers must have to truly benefit from the power of segmentation. Despite knowing this truth intuitively and intellectually, marketers struggle to lean into it because of the fear of choosing incorrectly or potentially losing people. But, if KevOnstage is any indication, if you know who you are and how you see the world, you can never choose erroneously because, in many ways, you're simply choosing your truth—and that of people who share your worldview. How could that be wrong?
Plus, if you lose someone for being true to who you are as a brand, I bet Kev would say that you likely never had them to begin with—and to that, I say, "Amen."