He has also confirmed launch shows in New York and LA 
Rejjie Snow has announced his third album ‘Peace 2 Da World’ – listen to new single ‘Karen’ below.
The Irish rapper and songwriter is due to release the follow-up to 2021’s ‘Baw Baw Black Sheep’ on October 25 via Honeymoon/ +1 Records. You can pre-order/pre-save it here.
Speaking about the forthcoming project – which features production from frequent collaborator Rahki (Kendrick Lamar, Schoolboy Q) – Snow explained: “It’s a worldly album, sonically and emotionally.”
He continued: “I’m a nomadic person so this is my soundtrack to those days and the places I roamed. On this album I’m speaking to my favourite person in the world and this is the first time I’ve made something for someone specifically.
“I like working this way because I was forced to honour and challenge myself in ways I’ve never done so before.”
Snow has previewed ‘Peace 2 Da World’ with the new single ‘Karen’, with its lyrics highlighting the value of thinking before you speak. The song arrives with an official music video, directed by Reuben Bastienne-Lewis (King Krule).
“This record was a reactionary one. Most times we’re misunderstood by people and without being judgmental about it I wanted to approach this new age phenomena of Karen’s in a light-hearted and fun way,” Snow said.
“I’m not big on making a point of things so literally especially when it has to be catchy, this is just me and how I approach art.”
Additionally, the artist has announced two special album launch shows in New York and Los Angeles. He’ll play The Sultan Room in Brooklyn on October 24 before taking to the stage at LA’s Gold Diggers on October 30.
Tickets go on general sale at 10am local time this Friday (September 6) – you’ll be able to buy yours here.
Snow will then embark on a UK and Ireland headline tour in November, with that stint including a performance at Shepherd’s Bush Empire in London. See the full schedule, and find any remaining tickets here.
‘Karen’ follows Snow’s 2024 singles ‘Keep Up’ and ‘All Night’.
In a four-star review of ‘Baw Baw Black Sheep’, NME wrote: “By the time the end credits roll, Snow’s fulfilled his aim of providing some much-needed escapism and light; he’s also succeeded in instilling confidence in the listener that they, too, can be the star of their own story.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.