Drizzy has previously shown his support for the recently freed rapper.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	It seems Drake may have had his Air Drake make an unscheduled trip recently. After Young Thug’s release from jail, the 6 God allegedly flew to Thugger and gave him $1 million in cash as a welcome home gift.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Young Thug		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	DJ Akademiks claimed during a livestream that Drizzy flew to Thug over the weekend, but prefaced his claims by saying he didn’t hear it from Drake himself.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“When Thug gets let out of jail, the talk is this: They say two hours afterward, Drake flew to Thug and allegedly gave him a [million dollars],” Akademiks said. “Drake didn’t tell me this. Drake gon’ hit me up and be, like, ‘Who told you this?’”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Billboard has reached out to reps for Drake and Young Thug for comment.

	Drake has been a staunch supporter of Thug while the latter was fighting for his freedom during the YSL trial prior to his release. Drizzy appeared to suggest he financially supported Thug when the OVO boss posted an Instagram Story in October rocking Thug’s SP5DER brand. “I ain’t talking to talk man I really put up [bread emoji] on the [briefcase emoji] 3 Jeff,” he wrote on Instagram Stories at the time.
Drake flew to young thug 2 hours after he was released and gave him 1 million on his first day out pic.twitter.com/Yc3XLKqq4m

	While some artists seemingly switched up on Drake amid his feud with Kendrick Lamar, Young Thug appeared to be in Drizzy’s corner. 

	Thug’s girlfriend, Mariah the Scientist, told Billboard earlier this year that she would play the Drake and Kendrick diss tracks over the jail phone for Thug to keep him updated on the beef.

	“I play him the [diss] songs over the phone and s–t. He’s a lover of music in general,” she said in May. “He f–ks with everybody. I don’t think he would ever be able to – let me not speak for him. He loves music though. He thinks it’s interesting, for sure. We were listening to some of the songs.”

	Just a couple of weeks before his eventual plea deal, Young Thug called for Drake, Future and Metro Boomin to make peace and patch it up with a tweet from behind bars. 

	“@Drake @1future @MetroBoomin we all bruddas. Music aint the same without us collabin,” he tweeted.

	There have been conflicting reports on the status of Drake and Future’s relationship, but perhaps with Thugger free he can get them all in the same room once again. 

	Young Thug was released on Oct. 31 after reaching a plea agreement that found him sentenced to 15 years probation, but allowed him to regain his freedom.

	










	Drake and Young Thug have collaborated on a multitude of occasions over the years, and Drizzy even made a pair of guest appearances on Thug’s Business Is Business album, which was released in June 2023 and reached No. 2 on the Billboard 200. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.