By
Dame Dash’s stake in the legendary Roc-A-Fella Records has been a mainstay topic throughout 2024. On Thursday (June 6), the legendary mogul extended an offer to purchase his stake in the company to the current King of Rap, Kendrick Lamar.
With a screenshot of a tweet by Lamar claiming Reasonable Doubt, Jay-Z’s debut album, is better than Illmatic, Nas’s debut album, Dash offered his 3rd in the caption, “@kendricklamar my 3rd is for sale if you want to buy it. Any serious offers [right arrow emoji] DM.”
A post shared by Dame Dash (@duskopoppington)
Kendrick Lamar just purchased a 40-million-dollar new Los Angeles mansion last month. The purchase follows his new music, spawned by a beef with Drake, achieving record-breaking accolades on the Billboard charts. “Not Like Us,” Lamar’s latest single, is one of the biggest songs in today’s music.
Dash was ordered by the court to sell his stake in Roc-A-Fella Records in February to pay off an $832,000 judgment. Jay-Z and his attorneys tried to intervene to stop the sale of Dash’s stake, but the judge reprimanded them.
Roc-A-Fella was formed in the 90s by Jay, Dame, and Kareem “Biggs” Burke. The trio’s friendship and business dealings with each other have been well-documented.  The last time the trio was grouped was the judgment of movie producer Josh Webber and Muddy Waters Films, who sued Dame Dash in 2022. Consequently, a New York judge ruled that Dash’s shares must be delivered to the US Marshals.
Since parting ways with his former partners, Dash has faced several financial setbacks. During interviews, he is constantly asked about Jay-Z, which led him to suggest that many of Jay’s raps were inspired by him. 
In a recent appearance on Math Hoffa’s My Expert Opinion show, he claimed that JAY-Z was emulating him, particularly on the track “Big Pimpin’.” “Everything Jay said he was pretending to be me, yes,” Dash remarked. “Who’s the CEO, who was big pimping? Who was doing all those things? It was me.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97