Chuks-Adizue will oversee key partnerships on the African continent across business development, marketing, broadcast and event production.

													By
												

	Heran Mamo


Global Citizen has made two key appointments to their executive leadership team, the company tells Billboard. Katie Hill, senior vp of music, entertainment and artist relations, has been promoted to chief music and entertainment officer, while lfeoma Chuks-Adizue has been hired as Global Citizen’s first-ever MD in Africa.

	Hill has been at the company since 2014, leading the music, entertainment and artist relations team in securing renowned acts for Global Citizen’s festivals and campaigns to support the international education and advocacy organization’s mission to end extreme poverty. She’s worked closely with Beyoncé, Rihanna, Kendrick Lamar, Billie Eilish, Finneas, Coldplay, BTS‘ Jung Kook, BLACKPINK‘s LISA and many more artists, as well as their management teams, to ensure Global Citizen’s mission is clear and accessible. She also developed the company’s Ambassadors and Advocates for Change program, which has built long-term partnerships with Usher, Hugh Jackman and Priyanka Chopra Jonas.

	“I’m thrilled to be joining Global Citizen’s executive leadership team as Chief Music and Entertainment Officer. It’s been an honor to help build such an important movement, which truly leverages the power of music and entertainment to create positive change in the world,” Hill tells Billboard in a statement. “When I reflect on the impact that has been achieved over my last 10 years at Global Citizen, I am inspired by the passion and dedication of so many incredible artists and partners across the industry that have joined us in the fight to end extreme poverty. I can’t wait to build on this collaborative impact.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Chuks-Adizue will spearhead Global Citizen’s activities in Africa, implementing its strategy across the continent including the next installment of Move Afrika: A Global Citizen Experience. In November 23, Lamar and his company, pgLang, teamed up with Global Citizen to create Move Afrika, a first-of-its-kind touring circuit across Africa that aims at driving economic investment, creating jobs and supporting entrepreneurship opportunities in each host country. Lamar headlined Move Afrika: Rwanda in Kigali last December, with pgLang set to serve as the curator of Move Afrika until 2028. According to a press release, that event employed more than 1,000 Rwandans and engaged 75% local crew and production staff, with a specific focus on creating opportunities for skill development and international skill training. Ghana joined Rwanda as a host country for Move Afrika earlier this year.

	In her new role, Chuks-Adizue will oversee key partnerships that span business development, marketing, broadcast and event production, as well as Global Citizen’s Africa-based teams and operations. Based out of Global Citizen’s office in Lagos, Nigeria, Chuks-Adizue will also work closely with the company’s executive leadership in New York, playing an instrumental role in building relationships with private sector partners and within the philanthropic community.

	“I’m honored to be joining the Global Citizen team in this newly created position to drive efforts and impact across Africa. Powered by everyday advocates, campaigns and events that span the world, Global Citizen’s efforts are critical to ending extreme poverty, and I’m humbled to bring my experience and leadership to this vital work,” says Chuks-Adizue. “I look forward to working with many fantastic partners to continue the momentum and growth of Move Afrika, the pioneering music touring circuit, and drive economic investment, job creation and entrepreneurship opportunities across the continent.”

	Prior to joining Global Citizen, Chuks-Adizue served as executive director commercial at Chemical and Allied Products PLC (CAP PLC), a prominent paints manufacturer and distributor in Nigeria, and held key leadership roles at Procter & Gamble Nigeria and Cadbury Nigeria.

	“Ifeoma’s extensive leadership experience, together with her passion for advocating for women and girls across Africa, perfectly aligns with Global Citizen’s mission,” adds Global Citizen president Liza Henshaw. “Her vast networks of relationships across various sectors will be instrumental in advancing our work across the African continent for years to come.” 
Daily newsletters straight to your inbox
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.