Photo: Getty Images
Luther "Uncle Luke" Campbell has called out Drake after the Toronto native allegedly condoned the violent incident involving Rick Ross and his crew over the weekend. In a video he posted to social media on Tuesday, July 2, the Miami legend shared his thoughts about Drizzy's apparent reaction to a video that shows a group of men engaged in a brawl with Ross and his team. Multiple blogs have pointed out that the 37-year-old rapper "liked" a post on Instagram that contained the footage in question. In Luke's opinion, the Drake's moves after the incident were "unacceptable." 
“This whole fighting with my boy Rick Ross and his guys in Canada... that’s unacceptable,” Luke said. “That don't [sic] supposed to happen. And what’s more unacceptable is when Mr. Drake liked the post. That also is unacceptable. I expect more out of Mr. Drake. When there is violence, you don’t condone it. Drake, you should be bigger than that. You don’t like no posts because here’s what happens: there’s always a backlash to it all.”
The fight occurred on Sunday night after Rozay performed at the Ignite Music Festival in Vancouver. According to TMZ, a group of men were mad that Ross dissed Drake amid his beef with Kendrick Lamar. They surrounded the Miami rapper after K.Dot's "Not Like Us" played in the speakers while he exited the stage. After one man punched Ross, a fight broke out between both groups. Ross made a clean getaway but the enraged OVO fans attacked his bodyguard and other members of his crew. In addition to liking the post about the fight, Drake seemingly trolled Ross by posting videos of him celebrating Canada Day while listening to “Northern Touch” by Vancouver-based rap group, the Rascalz. Even though Drizzy had nothing to do with the attack on Ross, Luke thinks the "Push Ups" rapper inserted himself into the violent act simply by co-signing it. “Even if you were not involved, half of the country thinks you set the man up," Luke continued. "They book a show in Canada and you send your goons out there to agitate and start a fight with Ross. When you, Mr. Drake, liked the post, you inserted yourself into violence with Mr. Ross and his crew.”Drake has yet to react to Luke's thoughts on the matter. Meanwhile, Ross and his crew have all confirmed they're good after the melee. The MMG bawse even posted a video featuring a close-up of his face to prove he doesn't have a scratch on him.