The presentation was part of a $100,000 competition. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

Nipsey Hussle has been gone for five years, but his legacy and memory have only grown within the Hip-Hop community. Now, there is a physical representation of the late Los Angeles rapper in the form of a wax figure that debuted at Invest Fest 2024.

	An artist named Mr. Officials presented the wax figure this weekend as part of a $100,000 competition. The figure, which looks exactly like the Victory Lap rapper, is seen sporting a Black t-shirt with Crewnshaw written across the chest in white, a gold chain, and ripped Black jeans. Officials revealed that it took him over nine months to complete the wax figure.

	










	“A tribute to greatness meets the grind for success,” the Invest Fest Instagram page wrote in their caption. “Witnessing a contestant honor Nipsey Hussle with a stunning wax figure while competing for $100,000 at Invest Fest. The Marathon continues!” Check it out below. 
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Meek Mill Was Allegedly Kidnapped, Held For Ransom By Rolling 60s Crips Gang		
			






A post shared by Invest Fest (@investfestival)

	This was the ideal scenario to debut the wax figure, as the $100,000 pitch competition was created in honor of Nipsey Hussle and announced by his company The Marathon Continues. Hussle’s brother Blacc Sam was at the event and an attendee said that he visibly got emotional seeing the figure. 

	The “Grinding All My Life” rapper was tragically murdered in March 2019 outside of his store in Los Angeles. He was coming off of the biggest year of his career, highlighted by his debut album Victory Lap being nominated for Rap Album Of The Year at the Grammys. He competed alongside some heavy hitters, namely Travis Scott’s Astroworld, Mac Miller’s Swimming, Pusha T’s Daytona, and the winning album, Invasion Of Privacy by Cardi B.

Victory Lap debuted at No. 4 on the Billboard 200 and featured artists such as Kendrick Lamar, YG, The-Dream, Dom Kennedy, and more. Listen below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.