Lil Wayne fans have long wondered why the New Orleans rapper doesn't perform his song "Mona Lisa" in concert. Considering the collaboration from Wayne's 2018 album Tha Carter V features Kendrick Lamar, people have speculated that he won't perform the song because of Drake's beef with the Compton rapper.
However, according to Wayne, he doesn't perform "Mona Lisa" simply because he doesn't remember the lyrics. Weezy explained the reasoning behind his decision during a recent headlining set.
“This is the second time I’ve seen this within my last three shows," he explained. "Somebody had a sign that said, ‘Mona Lisa’ […] If y’all real Lil Wayne fans, you know I don’t know the lyrics to my shit.”
Wayne added, “So, if you real Lil Wayne fans, do you know I don’t know the lyrics to my shit? Do you know how hard that fucking song is, girl? You know what I mean? I don’t like to rap the words, but I’m going to learn that shit. I’m going to learn it. I’m going to learn. I got you."
This isn't the first time Lil Wayne has admitted that he forgets his own lyrics. Back in 2020, Wayne discussed the matter with Eminem during an episode of Young Money Radio.
"If you go through my phone history, my Google history and you press L, first thing that will come up is 'Lil Wayne lyrics,'" he said. "I literally have to Google my lyrics to make sure I didn’t say certain stuff before."
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
Lil Wayne, Eminem Say They Google Their Own Lyrics to Ensure They Aren't Repeating Bars
music | BY Alex Galbraith
"Mona Lisa" Producer Considered Leaking Lil Wayne and Kendrick Collab
music | BY Jade Gomez
Kendrick Lamar Claims Drake Slept With Lil Wayne's Girlfriend in Latest Diss
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.