E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			Trending:		
Labor Day weekend brings the unofficial end of summer, as well as the ushering in of the fall movie season.
For the most part, big action movies are giving way to character-driven affairs, lots of scares starting several weeks before Halloween and a highly anticipated adaptation of a beloved work of musical theater.
Here’s a rundown of much of what’s coming to a theater near you, as well as to your living room via streaming service. (As always, dates are subject to change.)
“Afraid” | Aug. 30 | Theaters >> AI causes big trouble at home for a family in this slice of science-fiction-meets-horror offering from “The Golden Compass” director Chris Weitz. The cast includes John Cho and Katerine Waterston.
“The Deliverance” | Aug. 30 | Netflix >> Already in select theaters, the latest from director Lee Daniels (of “Lee Daniels’ The Butler” fame) is a supernatural thriller inspired by a real case. Andra Day, who started in Daniels’ 2021 biopic/drama, “The United States vs. Billie Holiday,” is front and center here as the alcoholic mother of children thought to be demonically possessed. Glenn Close is among the film’s supporting cast members.
“1992” | Aug. 30 | Theaters >> Tyrese Gibson stars in this drama set on the night of the 1992 Los Angeles riots following the Rodney King verdict. With “The Iceman” director Ariel Vromen at the helm, the film also features actors Scott Eastwood and the late Ray Liotta.
“Beetlejuice Beetlejuice” | Sept. 6 | Theaters >> We first met Beetlejuice — Michael Keaton’s pesky demon character, who’s summoned when his name is said three times in a row — more than three and a half decades ago in director Tim Burton’s “Beetlejuice.” Well, the guy still looks, um … great? Fellow “Beetlejuice” players Winona Ryder and Catherine O’Hara also return in this sequel, as Lydia and Delia Deetz, respectively, and Burton is again behind the camera. Front and center on screen this time is Jenna Ortega — who stars as the titular figure in the Burton-produced Netflix series “Wednesday” — as Lydia’s rebellious daughter, Astrid. Also around for the dark fun are fellow newcomers Justin Theroux, Monica Bellucci and Willem Dafoe. If this is the hit we expect, can “Beetlejuice Beetlejuice Beetlejuice” possibly be far behind?
“Rebel Ridge” | Sept. 6 | Netflix >> Aaron Pierre, Don Johnson and AnnaSophia Robb star in this action thriller from writer-director Jeremy Saulnier (“Green Room”) involving a conspiracy in a small town chock full of corrupt cops.
“The Killer’s Game” | Sept. 13 | Theaters >> In this action comedy, Dave Bautista plays a hitman who, after receiving tough medical news, arranges a hit on himself, only to then desperately want out of his would-be assassins’ crosshairs. The cast also includes Ben Kingsley, Sofia Boutella, Terry Crews and Bautista’s buddy from the last two “Guardians of the Galaxy” romps, Pom Klementieff.
“My Old Ass” | Sept. 13 | Theaters >> We’re very much looking forward to this unusual comedy in which the typically delightful Aubrey Plaza plays the older version of a teen girl (Maisy Stella of “Nashville”) who visits said younger version in a vision, warning her about becoming entangled with someone named Chad (Percy Hynes White). This is the second film, following the well-reviewed 2021 film “The Fallout,” from actress-turned-filmmaker Megan Park.
“Speak No Evil” | Sept. 13 | Theaters >> A remake of a 2022 Danish film, this fright fest stars James McAvoy, Mackenzie Davis and Aisling Franciosi. The tale revolves around a couple’s weekend at a country estate of a family the couple befriended on vacation. It “begins as a dream holiday” and “soon warps into a psychological nightmare,” according to press materials. James Watkins (“The Woman in Black”) directs.
“His Three Daughters” | Sept. 20 | Netflix >> In select theaters two weeks before it lands on the streamer, writer-director Azazel Jacobs’ latest stars the appealing trio of Carrie Coon, Elizabeth Olsen and Natasha Lyonne. They portray estranged sisters who must come together to care for their father in the drama.
“Transformers One” | Sept. 20 | Paramount >> Anyone imagine a day, long ago, when bitter enemies Optimus Prime and Megatron may have been buddies? Us neither. At least this animated film, which will explore that era, seems targeted more toward a younger audience and less toward adults who grew up with the toys and for some reason are still interested in the “more than meets the eye” robots. The impressive voice cast includes Chris Hemsworth (Optimus), Brian Tyree Henry (Megatron), Scarlett Johansson, Steve Buscemi, Laurence Fishburne and Keegan-Michael Key. Another appealing asset: Josh Cooley, who helmed “Toy Story 4,” directs.
“Wolfs” | Sept. 20 | Theaters >> There’s so much reason for optimism with this action comedy, starting with its pairing of “Ocean’s” series veterans George Clooney and Brad Pitt as fixers who prefer to work alone but who must team up on a job. And then there’s the fact “Wolfs” is directed by Jon Watts, who did an amazing job on the recent trilogy of “Spider-Man” movies. However, we can’t help but wonder that if this romp were as fun as its trailer suggests it will be, would it be getting only a limited theatrical release, followed only a week later by its debut on Apple TV+?
“Super/Man: The Christopher Reeve Story” | Sept. 21 and 25 | Theaters >> As we wait for Warner Bros. Pictures to launch the DC Universe next year with the movie “Superman,” the studio will roll out this documentary it acquired about the late actor who starred in the “Superman” movies of the late 1970s and ’80s. Very well-received since its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January, the film is said to focus largely on the life of Reeve, who also was an activist and author, after the horse-riding accident that left him paralyzed from the neck down.
“Killer Heat” | Sept. 26 | Prime Video >> No, this isn’t a documentary about climate change but instead a mystery-based drama in which Joseph Gordon-Levitt attempts to solve a case on a remote Greek Island.
“Bagman” | Sept. 27 | Theaters >> It’s not even October, month of frights, and we have to deal with this dark horror film’s titular unpleasant-looking and malevolent creature. The Bagman haunted Patrick McKee (Sam Claflin) as a child and returns years later to endanger the lives of his family. Sounds like good times.
“Lee” | Sept. 27 | Theaters >> In the directorial debut of cinematographer Ellen Kuras (“Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind”), Kate Winslet stars as war correspondent and photographer Lee Miller, who made a name for herself covering World War II. (Her famous shots include one of herself in Nazi leader Adolf Hitler’s bathtub.) The cast also boasts Alexander Skarsgard, Andy Samberg, Andrea Riseborough and Marion Cotillard.
“Megalopolis” | Sept. 27 | Theaters >> We’ll finally get to see filmmaker Francis Ford Coppola’s long-ago-conceived, self-financed, and much-talked-about science-fiction epic, which, despite its ambitiousness, hasn’t exactly wowed many who’ve already experienced it. Set in a huge decaying city called New Rome, the film stars Adam Driver as an architect who can stop time. The cast also boasts Nathalie Emmanuel, Giancarlo Esposito, Aubrey Plaza, Jon Voight and, among others, a notable alum of Coppola’s “Godfather” films, Talia Shire. Its distributor, Lionsgate, recently got in some hot water for a trailer, which it has since recalled, reportedly boasting fabricated negative critics’ quotes about previous Coppola films to suggest the director’s work long has been initially misunderstood. Yikes.
“Never Let Go” | Sept. 20 | Theaters >> Northeast Ohio native Halle Berry portrays a mother of twin sons, all of whom are in danger after an evil sets up shop just beyond their doorstep in the next frightening offering from director Alexandre Aja (“The Hills Have Eyes,” “Crawl.”)
“The Wild Robot” | Sept. 27 | Theaters >> We’ve seen this animated adaptation of Peter Brown’s book and can say the visuals are dazzling. Also, this tale of a robot (voiced by Lupita Nyong’o) who crash-lands on an island and makes what at first is an uneasy alliance with a fox (Pedro Pascal) to care for a just-hatched gosling (Kit Connor) also has a heart. Director Chris Sanders (“The Croods”) also penned the screenplay.
“Hold Your Breath” | Oct. 3 | Hulu >> Scare-tober begins with this straight-to-streaming offering from Searchlight Pictures about a sinister presence threatening a family amid the dust storms of 1930s Oklahoma. (Geez, aren’t the dust storms stressful enough?) The cast features Sarah Paulson, Annaleigh Ashford and, last but not least, “The Bear” standout Ebon Moss-Bachrach.
“House of Spoils” | Oct. 3 | Prime Video >> As if opening a restaurant isn’t difficult enough under normal circumstances, a chef (Ariana DeBose) working to get a new eatery going must contend with the nefarious spirit of the property’s old owner. This one comes from budget-minded horror masters BlumHouse.
“Joker: Folie a Deux” | Oct. 3 | Theaters >> Expect musical mayhem in this sequel to 2019’s acclaimed “Joker,” which earned Joaquin Phoenix the Best Actor Academy Award for his portrayal of the Clown Prince of Crime in the gritty psychological thriller. To help with the whole musical aspect of the film, pop star Lady Gaga has been cast as Harley Quinn, another character from the Batman comics; she traditionally transitions from psychologist Harleen Quinzel into the Joker’s love interest and sidekick. “Joker” director Todd Phillips (“The Hangover”) returns to guide this sure-to-be-dark-and-wild ride, which also boasts returning cast member Zazie Beetz as Sophie Dumond.
“The Outrun” | Oct. 4 | Theaters >> Saoirse Ronan stars as a woman returning home after undergoing treatment for her alcoholism in this drama, based on the 2016 memoir of Amy Liptrot, who co-wrote the screenplay with director Nora Fingscheidt (“The Unforgivable”).
“White Bird” | Oct. 4 | Theaters >> After multiple delays, we should finally get this half-prequel-half-sequel to 2017’s “Wonder.” Based on the 2019 graphic novel, “White Bird” sees “Wonder” bully Julian Albans (now portrayed by Bryce Gheisar) learning about the experiences of his grandmother (Helen Mirren) as a young girl (Ariella Glaser) in Nazi-occupied France. Marc Forster (“Finding Neverland,” “Christopher Robin” directs from a screenplay by Mark Bomback (“War for the Planet of the Apes”).
“Piece by Piece” | Oct. 11 | Theaters >> The latest animation feature built with Lego pieces and parts, “Piece by Piece” is a … telling of the story of music star Pharrell Williams??? Williams voices himself, with fellow music figures such as Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z, Kendrick Lamar and Snoop Dogg doing the same. This effort would seem to be in good hands with Morgan Neville, director of the acclaimed documentaries “20 Feet From Stardom” and “Won’t You Be My Neighbor?”
“Saturday Night” | Oct. 11 | Theaters >> Director Jason Reitman (“Ghostbusters: Afterlife”) helms and is the co-writer (with Gil Kenan) of this dramatization of the coming together of the late-night sketch-comedy staple that would come to be known as “Saturday Night Live.” Gabriel LaBelle portrays showrunner Lorne Michaels, while Cory Michael Smith, Ella Hunt, and Dylan O’Brien portray Not Ready for Prime Time Players Chevy Chase, Gilda Radner, Dan Aykroyd and Laraine Newman, respectively.
“Brothers” | Oct. 17 | Prime Video >> In select theaters a week before hitting Amazon’s streaming service, this action comedy comes from Max Barbakow, the director of the enjoyable 2020 offering “Palm Springs.” And Josh Brolin and Peter Dinklage as the titular siblings? A very sincere “yes, please.”
“Flight Risk” | Oct. 18 | Theaters >> Mel Gibson directs and Mark Wahlberg stars in this up-in-the-air action thriller. The actor plays a pilot who’s more than he seems, while Michelle Dockery portrays an FBI agent and Topher Grace an informant.
“A Real Pain” | Oct. 18 | Theaters >> Jesse Eisenberg is the writer, director and co-star of this dramady, in which he and “Succession” star Kieran Culkin portray mismatched cousins taking a tour of Poland to honor their beloved grandmother. Against the backdrop of their family history, old tensions resurface.
“Smile 2” | Oct. 18 | Theaters >> In this sequel to 2022 creepy-fun flick “Smile,” the supernaturally induced grinning is surrounding Skye Riley (Naomi Scott), a famous pop singer. Parker Finn, the writer-director of “Smile,” returns.
“Canary Black” | Oct. 24 | Prime Video >> Kate Beckinsale stars as a CIA agent whose husband is kidnapped by terrorists in this action thriller from “Taken” director Pierre Morel.
“Venom: The Last Dance” | Oct. 25 | Theaters >> OK, the campy “Venom” movies aren’t our particular cup of Spider-Man-adjacent tea, but 2018’s “Venom” and its 2021 sequel, “Venom: Let There Be Carnage,” have been successful enough to justify this apparent series conclusion. Tom Hardy is back as Eddie Brock — the antihero joined with a loud-mouthed alien symbiote attached to him — and is supported by appealing newcomers Chiwetel Ejiofor (“12 Years a Slave”) and Juno Temple (“Ted Lasso”). A co-writer on “Venom” and the writer of “Carnage,” Kelly Marcel returns as this film’s writer, and she is making her directorial debut.
“Here” | Nov. 1 | Theaters >> We have a genuine “Forrest Gump” reunion in the offing, with Tom Hanks and Robin Wright starring in this drama directed by Robert Zemeckis. Co-penned by Zemeckis and Eric Roth — yes, the “Gump” screenwriter — “Here” chronicles one small bit of the planet over many many years, a few of which see it become home to the couple played by Hanks and Wright. The cast also features Paul Bettany, Kelly Reilly and Michelle Dockery.
“The Best Christmas Pageant Ever” | Nov. 8 | Theaters >> Judy Greer and Pete Holmes star in this adaptation of Barbara Robinson’s 1972 children’s book, with Dallas Jenkins (“The Chosen”) in the director’s chair.
“Conclave” | Nov. 8 | Theaters >> That this adaptation of the international bestseller by Robert Harris looks gorgeous in its advanced footage is hardly surprising considering it is the work of Edward Berger, director of 2022’s “All Quiet on the Western Front.” In the thriller, intrigue swirls as a new pope must be chosen as the secrets of the one recently deceased surface. Ralph Fiennes portrays the cardinal tasked with leading the papal conclave, while the cast also boasts Stanley Tucci, John Lithgow and Isabella Rosellini. Note this is the wide date, the film being slated to get a limited release a week earlier.
“Back in Action” | Nov. 15 | Netflix >> Cameron Diaz and Jamie Foxx play former spies pulled back into the world of espionage after their identities are exposed in this action comedy from “Horrible Bosses” director Seth Gordon. Other notable cast members include Glenn Close, Kyle Chandler and Andrew Scott.
“Heretic” | Nov. 15 | Theaters >> The autumnal scares continue into November with this horror film about Mormon missionaries (Sophie Thatcher and Chloe East) who get more than they were looking to convert a man played by Hugh Grant. This is the latest from “Haunt” and “65” writing-and-directing duo Scott Beck and Brian Woods.
“Red One” | Nov. 15 | Theaters >> Jake Kasdan (“Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle”) directs an impressive cast — Dwayne Johnson, Chris Evans and J. K. Simmons being among the notable names — in this Christmas-themed action-comedy. Johnson plays the head of North Pole security, who, after Santa Claus (Simmons) is kidnapped, must team with a bounty hunter (Evans) for the rescue. The screenplay is by Chris Morgan, best known for his work on the “Fast and Furious” franchise.
“Gladiator II” | Nov. 22 | Theaters >> In this sequel talked about for decades, Paul Mescal (“Aftersun,” “All of Us Strangers”) portrays the grown Lucius, who years earlier had witnessing the death of the heroic Maximus — Russell Crowe’s character from director Ridley Scott’s 2000 Academy Award winner, “Gladiator,” in case the name somehow doesn’t ring a bell — is now a gladiator himself. Scott returns, directing from a screenplay by David Scarpa (Scott’s “All the Money in the World”), as does “Gladiator” cast member Connie Nielsen, as Lucilla, mother of Lucius. Notable actors new to Scott’s spin on ancient Rome include Denzel Washington, Pedro Pascal and Joseph Quinn (“Stranger Things”).
“Spellbound” | Nov. 22 | Netflix >> The latest animated offering from “Shrek” director Vicky Jenson is set in the magical world of Lumbria, where a young girl voiced by Rachel Zegler must break a powerful spell. Others contributing voice work include Nicole Kidman, Javier Bardem, Nathan Lane and “Shrek” alum John Lithgow.
“Wicked” | Nov. 22 | Theaters >> You sometimes will see this film referred to as “Wicked: Part One,” and we have come to believe, rather strongly, that when you break a piece of source material into two movies, the second will be the stronger of the two because it tells the conclusion of a story. This film may be the exception, as we’ve also come to believe, almost as strongly, that the first act of a piece of musical theater tends to be stronger than the second, as their creators have a habit of packing Act I with more topnotch songs. And knowing that “Part One” is almost sure to end with the banger that is composer and lyricist Stephen Schwartz’s “Defying Gravity” has us thinking “Wicked: Part Two” — slated to ride a broom into theaters on Nov. 26, 2025 — will have a tough time topping it. The beloved stage musical is loosely based on Gregory Maguire’s 1995 novel, “Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West,” which, of course, wouldn’t exist without L. Frank Baum’s 1900 novel, “The Wonderful Wizard of Oz,” and the movie made from it, 1939’s “The Wizard of Oz.” In this screen version of “Wicked,” penned by the book writer of the show, Winnie Holzman, and directed by Jon M. Chu (“Crazy Rich Asians”), Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande lead the cast as witch pals Elphaba Thorpp and Galinda Upland, respectively. The cast also includes Jeff Goldblum and Michelle Yeoh.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group