Manage your account
Jamell Demons, better known by his stage name YNW Melly, is currently awaiting a new trial in a double murder case. Recently named dropped by Kendrick Lamar during his rap feud with Drake and J. Cole, YNW Melly is a rapper accused of shooting and killing fellow rappers, Christopher “YNW Juvy” Thomas and Anthony “YNW Sakchaser” Williams two years ago.
The first trial was declared a mistrial by the judge on July 22 after the jury failed to deliver a unanimous verdict. Leading up to a second trial, the proceedings have been riddled with accusations from both sides. According to AP News, the prosecution accused the rapper of witness tampering. More recently, a judge denied a defense motion to have the case dismissed. The defense alleged that the prosecution had withheld vital information from the defense during the trial.
As the rapper prepares for his next trial, here is a recap of where YNW Melly is now.
Born on May 1, 1999, in Gifford, Florida, YNW Melly gained popularity for his unique rap style of telling captivating stories of street life, love and personal struggles. Like many aspiring artists in the 2010s, Melly utilized SoundCloud and various social media platforms to share his music. By uploading songs and sharing them with fans, he was able to reach a global audience.
Melly’s collaborations with other popular artists also helped boost his profile as a rapper. Working with artists like Kanye West on the song “Mixed Personalities” brought him recognition and expanded his fan base in the industry.
YNW Melly’s career began to take off in 2017 with the release of tracks like “Murder on My Mind” and “Virtual (Blue Balenciagas),” which garnered millions of views on YouTube and SoundCloud. And though Melly has garnered worldwide success for his music, his rising fame was overshadowed by legal troubles, resulting in his early life being marked by adversity and challenges. Despite facing difficult circumstances, he channeled his experiences into his music while crafting songs that resonate with his fans who have undergone similar struggles.
In 2019, YNW Melly was arrested and charged with two counts of first-degree murder for allegedly being involved in the deaths of his friends, YNW Sakchaser and YNW Juvy. Melly, now 24, allegedly shot two of his friends from inside a car driven by Cortlen Henry (a.k.a. YNW Bortlen). Prosecutors in the case argued that the two then exited and shot through the car to make it look like a drive-by shooting.
The case drew significant media attention and sparked debates within the music industry and among his fans. Such things as the legitimacy of both the justice system and of Melly’s criminal involvement were questioned.
YNW Melly was incarcerated at the Broward County Jail in Florida in 2019 where he remains while awaiting a second trial in October. While Melly’s defense previously has focused on the rapper’s friendship with the victims, along with the fact that a murder weapon was never recovered, Melly’s first trial was ultimately declared a mistrial on July 22 after three days of deadlock from the jury.
Jury selection ended in October for Melly’s retrial after the state appealed a Dec. 20 ruling by the judge that threw out evidence prosecutors have said corroborates Melly’s involvement in the double murders case. If convicted, Melly could be sent to Florida’s death row. Melly, and his childhood friend and recording partner Cortlen Henry who is also on trial, have pleaded not guilty to the two counts of first-degree murder with a firearm in the Oct. 26, 2018 shooting that resulted in the deaths of Christopher Thomas Jr. aka YNW Juvy and Anthony Williams aka YNW SakChaser, who were 19 and 21 years old respectively.
Currently, there is no date for Melly’s retrial. Still, prosecutors have turned to the Fourth District Court of Appeal in West Palm Beach hoping to reverse the Dec. 20 ruling, which excluded pieces of evidence including some of Melly’s phone records, emails and social media posts, as well as a promotional video he released shortly after the murders.
Records show that the judge denied a request from the defense to lift a hold he ordered in the trial proceedings after the state signaled it would appeal his ruling. However, the judge is allowing the prosecution and the defense to conduct discovery activities, such as scheduling depositions while appeals are pending. The judge stands by his decision to issue a stay in the event of an appeal in order to “prevent the state from having to go to trial without the benefit of materially helpful evidence.”
To complicate the case further, the defense claimed the state withheld the knowledge that their lead investigator Miramar Police detective Mark Moretti was previously accused of being willing to lie as he gathered evidence for the case. Because of this, lead prosecutor Kristine Bradley was ordered off the case on Oct. 12. Assistant State Attorney Alixandra Buckelew has replaced Bradley and hopes to bar from the retrial any juror with prior knowledge of Melly’s first trial.
Just as Demons’ October retrial was about to start, court filings revealed that prosecutors charged Melly with seven new felonies related to making sure a key witness didn’t testify during his first trial. The new charges include tampering with a witness in a capital felony, directing the activities of a criminal gang, two counts of solicitation to commit tampering, conspiracy to commit tampering and two counts of unlawful use of a two-way communication device.
Prosecutors have accused Melly of being a gang member of the Bloods. He reportedly used phone calls made by other incarcerated individuals at Melly’s request and letters passed between them to get messages to Blood members outside of jail. Those members, according to prosecutors, successfully ensured that a key witness didn’t testify in last year’s initial trial.
Melly has pleaded not guilty to one count each of directing the activities of a criminal gang, criminal solicitation to commit murder and conspiracy to tamper with witness in a capital felony case.
Melly could face up to life in prison if he is convicted of witness tampering in a capital case.
As Melly awaits a new trial, his future in the music industry remains uncertain, though his music has certainly left a mark on the hip-hop landscape and serves as a cautionary tale about the complex interplay between artistry and the criminal justice system.