Home » Music
We are at the peak point of the year in terms of quality and quantity of music dropping. Here are some of the top releases of the week of June 28.
MARCO PLUS released SOLACE, which includes some of the best rapping you’ll hear this year and what he calls the “album of the year.”
Megan Thee Stallion released MEGAN, which features the likes of GloRilla and Victoria Monét.
Flau’jae released Best Of Both Worlds, which includes her highly-anticipated collaboration with Lil Wayne and the previously-released “AMF” single with NLE Choppa.
A week after Normani released her album, fellow Fith Harmony member Camila Cabello released C,XOXO, which features Drake, Playboi Carti, City Girls and Lil Nas X.
Lil Yachty and James Blake released Bad Cameo, one of the many collaboration albums Blake is expected to be a part of. SwaVay is expected to be another one coming out this year.
Raury released Southern Mystic, his second of four albums that he announced he would release this year.
Offset and Gunna released “Style Rare.”
Latto released “Big Mama.”
Shaquille O’Neal has continued his run of re-releases with “No Love Lost,” which features Jay-Z, Nas and Lord Tariq.
Coming off his performance at Kendrick Lamar’s “Ken And Friends Pop Out Concert,” Roddy Ricch released “911.”
Chance The Rapper released “Stars Out (2024).”
Lupe Fiasco released Samurai.
Boldy James and Conductor Williams released Across The Tracks.
Doechii released “ROCKET.”
Lucky Daye released Algorithm, which features RAYE.
Channel Tres released Head Rush, which features Thundercat, Teezo Touchdown, Ravyn Lenae, Ty Dolla $ign and Toro Y Moi.
Marsha Ambrosius released CASABLANCO.
Teezo Touchdown released “None of Your Business,” from Despicable Me 4.
Devin Malik released DEADSTOCK, which features ScHoolboy Q.
B Jet released “8am in Augusta,” a freestyle over Drake’s “8AM in Charlotte.”
Tinashe released “Getting No Sleep.”
DC The Don released 2012.
Rich Amiri released “OUT MY MIND.”
Lazer Dim 700 released “Futon.”
Hiatus Kaiyote released Love Heart Cheat Code.
Denzel Curry and That Mexican OT released “Black Flag Freestyle.”
Lil Gotit released Shut The Door, Nobody Listening.
Blxckie released “pull up.”
Jae Stephens released “Girls Don’t Cheat.”
Ebony Riley released “Where They At.”
Adrian Marcel released “Lovin Me.”
JHart released “Us.”
TA Thomas released “Risky.”
42 Dugg released “N.P.O.,” featuring Sexyy Red.
Mudbaby Ru released “Watch How You Step.”
MGK released a cover of Zach Bryan’s “Sun to Me.”
Karri released “chasing u.”
The Foreign Exchange released “The Grey.”
theMIND released “GINA.”
K Carbon released “Get Money.”
Snakehips and Earthgang released “Been a Minute…,” which features Sinéad Harnett.