ByChadd Scott
ByChadd Scott,
 Contributor. 
Inside the pages of "Teen Angels Magazine."
Estevan Oriol and Teen Angel take people places most have never been. The streets of downtown Los Angeles in the Chicano community. Inside Latino gang culture. The prison culture.
Both found beauty where few others could recognize it.
The pinstriping on a lowrider. Fresh ink.
Cholos and cholas.
BEYOND THE STREETS gallery (434 N, La Brea Ave., Los Angeles, 90036) brings illustrator and magazine publisher Teen Angel and the renowned photographer Oriol together through September 15, 2024, during "ESTEVAN ORIOL & TEEN ANGEL, Dedicated to You."
Dedicated to LA. To the Chicano community. To pushing the culture forward in a positive way.
“I go there with my eyes open, my mouth shut, and judgment free,” Estevan (b. 1966, Los Angeles) told Forbes.com of his ability to capture gorgeous photos where most people see blight, poverty, and despair. “I go everywhere with respect. I don't go with a preconceived notion in my head. I grew up like this and so I'm not going somewhere I'm not supposed to be. For (outsiders), it’s something different and new and somewhere they're not supposed to be, for me, I’m going places I've been seeing all my life.”
A cover of "Teen Angels Magazine."
“Teen Angels Magazine” was pivotal in capturing and celebrating the essence of Chicano art, lowrider culture, and tattoo artistry from the 1980s to the early 2000s.
Something else, too.
“There was a lot of content in there for gang members, it was like an early app for gang members,” Oriol explains of the magazine which was inseparable from the Chicano street gang lifestyle. “You could send in your photos and he would publish them whether you were on the streets or in prison. You could write something to somebody, a dedication, he would print a blank page for you to be able to write on and then you send that picture, that page in, with like five bucks and he would publish it in the next (issue).”
Angel put that money toward supporting his one-man publishing enterprise.
“It was very DIY, like punk rock version, a lot of cut and paste,” Oriol continued. Literally cut by hand with scissors and paste with glue. “The printing looked cheaply done, but nobody really cared about the (production) quality. It was something for them, that culture.”
“Teen Angels Magazine” was carried on select newsstands and liquor stores around the community. Not easy to come by. It was also available through the mail.
“If you knew, you knew, and if you didn’t, it wasn't for you,” Oriol said.
The publication provided a platform for showcasing the beauty and vibrancy of life in the varrios of California and the Southwest, challenging stereotypes and highlighting the unique expressions of Chicano identity. Through the magazine, Teen Angel gave a voice to a generation, including those in prison, gangsters, and young people seeking connection, while establishing a cultural phenomenon that continues influencing and inspiring Chicano artists worldwide.
Teen Angel was born David Holland. Surprisingly, he was white, helping explain why he guarded his identity and used a pseudonym.
A one-time writer and artist for “Lowrider Magazine” in the late 1970s, Teen Angel ventured into publishing on his own around 1980 launching “Teen Angel’s Magazine.” Edgy, whimsical, the publication featured artwork, dedications, photographs, poems, and articles all focusing on life in the varrios–chiefly Spanish speaking neighborhoods in the US, distinct from “barrios” which often refers to any typically urban neighborhood.
He embraced the colorful murals, graffiti, the unique dress style of cholos and cholas–young Mexican American men and women living in urban areas, often affiliated with gangs–the camaraderie of homeboys, homegirls, and their gangs, lowriders, and the black and gray style tattoos adorning Chicanos.
As the magazine grew in popularity, Teen Angel received more and more artwork from his fans, many of whom were incarcerated. By the early 1980’s, the magazine became the “go-to” for Chicano style, so much so that Teen Angel created other magazines dedicated to the style: “Teen Angel’s Tattoo Style” and “Teen Angel’s Tattoo Design (Prison Style).”
To this day, Chicano artists around the world use and take inspiration from “Teen Angel’s Magazine” and its iconic floral borders.
David Holland passed in 2015 after spending most of his later years as a recluse in San Bernardino. Thanks to the archiving efforts of his closest friend and now estate director, David De Baca, "ESTEVAN ORIOL & TEEN ANGEL, Dedicated to You,” presents rare artifacts and original works from Teen Angel, as well as magazine paste-ups, sculptures, and ephemera. Central to this display is an installation meticulously recreating the artist’s workspace complete with his original desk and glasses.
A scene Oriol captured on film. Once. The day after Teen Angel died.
“I was supposed to shoot him before he passed. That was my goal, to shoot the man in his workspace, doing his craft,” Estevan said. “To me, he is a master of his craft. What all this guy did, it's mind blowing, and to know that he was doing it himself and the way he was doing it, completely mind blowing. The detail. I wanted to shoot that. That man doing that process. He was a genius.”
On the day Teen Angel died, De Baca called Oriol with a one-time opportunity.
“If you want, you can shoot his office at his home tomorrow,” Oriol remembers. “I'll be there.”
Estevan Oriol, 'Car Show Moms, Azalea Park."
Oriol’s photography isn’t directly influenced by “Teen Angels Magazine.” When Oriol was coming up, “biting” as it was called–copying–was strictly taboo.
“In the hip hop and the street culture world, you never wanted to be known for being a copycat,” Oriol said. “I might have seen some of the imagery and then been like, ‘wow, that's really cool,’ and it was in my hard drive and then when I would shoot, I wasn't thinking of that, but it might have had some type of influence in there.”
Also influencing Oriol’s “hard drive” was his father, a photographer in his own right.
Oriol, who still prefers shooting on film to digital, is acclaimed for his ability to capture insightful images full of story and nuance in one shot.
“I don't really try when it comes to that. It feels a certain way when I get there, looking through the camera, and I lock in that place where I am in the viewfinder and that's where I click, but I don't click until I get to that that point,” he explains. “It feels like it's natural, like I'm not trying too hard to do it.”
Estevan Oriol, 'L.A. Fingers,' 1995.
Oriol has taken hundreds of thousands of photos over his career. One has become his calling card: L.A. Fingers. A singular image encapsulating his city, his community, and his people with power, pride, and panache.
He was photographing a female gang member in downtown Los Angeles in 1995 when he asked the model to “throw up your neighborhood”–make the hand gesture identifying her gang.
“She threw up her gang sign and then I said can you throw up ‘LA’ because I might not be able to use a photo of just your gang neighborhood because it would pigeonhole me into that gang,” Oriol remembers. “I go, ‘If you just do LA, it's more neutral, it's for everybody.’”
Everybody indeed.
Over the past 30 years, the photo has been featured in dozens of magazines, incorporated into thousands of tattoos, bootlegged countless times, and most recently in spring 2024, spotlighted in a t-shirt collaboration with Kendrick Lamar.
“Her hand was shaped perfectly, and her fingers were symmetrical, and the nails were done, and she had just the cool amount of jewelry at those times; everything just looked perfect,” Oriol said.
The photo is one example of how Oriol pictures the essence of Chicano culture with unparalleled depth and authenticity. His photographs not only documenting moments in time, but also serving as a visual narrative of the diverse communities that define the city.
In the exhibition, along with the artwork, Teen Angel’s recreated office and personal effects, “Dedicated to You” offers exclusive merchandise and printed matter for sale, including the first release from “Teen Angel Magazine” in decades in the form of a 64-page special issue collaboration with Oriol. The publication includes a compilation of new and archived material.
"This exhibition is an homage to the city that raised me, the culture that shaped me, and the individuals who've walked this journey alongside me,” Oriol said. “It's a moment to reflect on the layers of Los Angeles through the lens of my camera and the stories that have unfolded in its streets.”
Anyone unable to make it to L.A for the show, or interested in learning more, can enjoy the 2020 Netflix documentary “L.A. Originals” centered on Oriol and his friend, business partner, and tattoo artist Mister Cartoon, with additional insights into the city’s Chicano culture.