UPDATE (Aug. 21):
It seems The Game was right and didn't actually fall after he appeared to take a spill while walking down the aisle. In a new video below, Game can be seen strutting down the aisle at Kid Red's wedding and tripping but catching himself before actually hitting the ground. He proceeded to walk the rest of the way to the aisle and make it to the altar.
UPDATE (Aug. 20):
The Game had set the record straight that he didn't actually fall when he appeared to take a tumble while walking down the aisle during a recent wedding.
In a comment left on XXL's Instagram post about the incident, Game clarified that he slipped and almost fell.
"Ah slipped on the wet roses, did the James brown & wiggled up out that shhhhhhiiiii.. the playa way," he wrote in the comment below. "Nothing to see here [crying laughing emojis]."
ORIGINAL STORY (Aug. 20):
The Game takes a nasty fall while walking down the aisle at a recent wedding.
On Monday (Aug. 19), Game attended the wedding of fellow Cali rapper Kid Red. Video captured from the wedding, which can be seen below, shows Game walking down the aisle in a black suit while attendees look on. As Game gets closer to the front, he inexplicably trips and falls, disappearing off camera as the stunned guests gasp. The video clip then cuts off.
Game's mishap at the wedding comes after he was involved in another unifying moment in his hometown. On Sunday (Aug. 18), Game joined YG for a peace walk in Compton in an attempt to initiate a truce between the Treetop Pirus and Fruit Town Pirus gangs.
"This sh*t bring tears to my eyes, homie," Game said while being interviewed at the event. "To see this much red and sh*t, westside Bompton. Every hood, everybody all good, ain't no bullish*t. Don't nobody even feel no tension, no bullish*t. This sh*t make a ni**a happy."
During the event, members of both factions took a harmonious stroll from Gonzales Park in Compton and continued through the city, making a pit stop at the famed local restaurant Tam's Burger, which was featured in Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" music video.
See the video of The Game's fall below.