The film will premiere New Year's Day on CNN.

													By
												

	Gail Mitchell


	If proof is needed of Luther Vandross’ enduring influence and legacy, look no further than No. 3 on the tracklist of Kendrick Lamar’s surprise new album, GNX, which arrived Nov. 22. Titled “Luther,” the song finds Lamar and former TDE labelmate SZA rapping and singing about a world without pain or suffering, performing against an ambrosial backdrop that samples Vandross and Cheryl Lynn’s 1982 R&B chestnut, “If This World Were Mine.”





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Luther Vandross		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Vandross’ unerring ability to cover a song and make it his own — in the above case, Marvin Gaye and Tammi Terrell’s 1967 original version of the Gaye composition — is just one of the many fascinating moments comprising the forthcoming documentary Luther: Never Too Much. After a limited theatrical run and several preview screenings, including most recently at the Grammy Museum in Los Angeles on Nov. 20, the film will premiere New Year’s Day at 8 p.m. on CNN.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






Luther: Never Too Much opens with a black-and-white clip of Vandross in his element: on stage rehearsing McFadden & Whitehead’s 1979 hit “Ain’t No Stoppin’ Us Now.” Then a la The Wizard of Oz, when Dorothy opens the door to a whole new colorful world, the clip morphs into Vandross performing the same song live and in vibrant color on stage at London’s Royal Albert Hall. From there, documentary director Dawn Porter immediately draws viewers into a fascinating yet emotional story about a man who could also rightfully be called the Wizard of Music.

	“This film was made with love, which is what Luther put into the world,” noted Porter at the Grammy Museum screening. “Luther’s the GOAT and this shows you the power of his voice and how emotionally it affects you. It’s also a tribute to Black music and its power in the culture.”

	Both the highs and lows of Vandross’ multifaceted music career and personal life are packed into the documentary’s 101 minutes. Without giving away too much, longtime and next generation fans will learn the self-described “Motown child” loved the “versatility and range of female singers,” per longtime friend and collaborator Fonzi Thornton. That love led to Vandross’ storied collaborations with the likes of Aretha Franklin, Dionne Warwick (featured in a poignant moment that shouldn’t be missed), Mariah Carey and Beyoncé.

	










	Viewers will also hear David Bowie describe Vandross as a “breath of fresh air” during their collaboration on the former’s Young Americans album, and then witness how Vandross’ versatile skill set as a backing vocalist, jingles singer, prolific songwriter (whose credits include “A Brand New Day” from Broadway musical The Wiz), arranger and producer laid the foundation for his self-produced 1981 breakthrough album Never Too Much and subsequent legacy.

	 Of Vandross’ push to record the debut album, longtime creative collaborator and bassist Marcus Miller recalls the late artist telling him, “I have a sound in my head, and I have to get it out.” Underscoring his friend’s immense talent during the post-screening discussion, Miller added, “He had so many vocal weapons — like a ninja. But he always sang from his soul.”

	The documentary also doesn’t stint on the lows in Vandross’ life. Those include his lifelong weight battle, the loss of a best friend, rumors about his sexual orientation (which he never publicly revealed), his nine nominations-long quest for a Grammy and frustration with the challenges of crossing over into pop. In addition to Miller, the industry executives, creatives and singers sharing their thoughts on Vandross’ legacy include Carey, Nile Rodgers, Valerie Simpson, Richard Marx, backing vocalist Lisa Fischer, Clive Davis, Jamie Foxx and Sony Music Publishing chairman/CEO Jon Platt — the latter two of whom served as a producer and executive producer, respectively, on the documentary.

	The museum screening audience was also treated to a first look of the new video for Vandross’ recently released cover of the Beatles classic “Michelle.” The newly discovered track — found by Thornton — is featured on the 21-track compilation Never Too Much: Greatest Hits arriving Dec. 13. And in tandem with the documentary as well, the Grammy Museum has opened its latest exhibit, Luther Vandross: Artistry and Elegance. Presented in partnership with Primary Wave Music and The Luther Vandross Estate and running through June 15, 2025, the exhibit spotlights another Vandross talent: costume designer. The hand-beaded gowns and tuxes (below) that Vandross and his backing singers wore at the Royal Albert Hall concert were designed by him.

	










	Joining director Porter for a brief discussion following the museum screening were Miller, Thornton, Vandross’ longtime engineer Ray Bardani, Foxx’s film production partner Datari Turner and moderator/CNN news anchor Victor Blackwell. Asked to name their favorite songs, the panelists’ choices ranged from “Any Day” (the documentary also reveals why that was also Vandross’ own favorite) and the cover of the Carpenters’ hit “Superstar” to “If This World Were Mine” and “Wait for Love.”

	“Luther always knew what he wanted musically; he had a vision,” noted Bardani. “And he was very particular about his vocals; so particular about every little nuance.” Remembering Vandross as “humble, generous and very astute,” Thornton concluded, “He was one of the premier singers of his time.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.