Taylor Swift collects records by the armful, from concert ticket sales to album sales to awards hauls. She made history again in 2024 at the MTV Video Music Awards where she won five times, bringing her total to 28. That surpassed Beyonce's record of 27 wins to make Swift the most honored artist in the history of the VMAs. Scroll down for the list of her every victory at the awards.
Swift wasn't always the juggernaut she is now. In fact, she lost her very first nomination at the VMAs: Best New Artist in 2008 for "Teardrops on My Guitar," back when she was recording music as strictly a country artist. And her first triumph at the awards, Best Female Video in 2009 for "You Belong with Me," was infamously marred by the interruption of Kanye West who insisted that Beyonce deserved the award instead.
But Swift got many more chances to make speeches uninterrupted. She claimed Best Female Video two more times, Video of the Year four times (more than anyone else in history) and Best Direction four times (more than anyone else in history). Her pinnacle came in 2023 when she claimed nine awards, the second most awards won in a single year by any artist (behind only Peter Gabriel). And in 2024 she added six more. How far will she go in the history books before her career runs its course?
2009
Best Female Video -- "You Belong with Me"
2013
Best Female Video -- "I Knew You Were Trouble"
2015
Video of the Year -- "Bad Blood" featuring Kendrick Lamar
Best Female Video -- "Blank Space"
Best Pop -- "Blank Space"
Best Collaboration -- "Bad Blood" featuring Kendrick Lamar
2017
Best Collaboration -- "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" with Zayn
2019
Video of the Year -- "You Need to Calm Down"
Video for Good -- "You Need to Calm Down"
Best Visual Effects -- "Me!" featuring Brendon Urie
2020
Best Direction -- "The Man"
2022
Video of the Year -- "All Too Well"
Best Long Form Video -- "All Too Well"
Best Direction -- "All Too Well"
2023
Video of the Year -- "Anti-Hero"
Artist of the Year
Song of the Year -- "Anti-Hero"
Best Pop -- "Anti-Hero"
Best Direction -- "Anti-Hero"
Best Cinematography -- "Anti-Hero"
Best Visual Effects -- "Anti-Hero"
Show of the Summer -- "The Eras Tour"
Album of the Year -- "Midnights"
2024
Video of the Year -- "Fortnight" featuring Post Malone
Artist of the Year
Best Collaboration -- "Fortnight" featuring Post Malone
Best Direction -- "Fortnight" featuring Post Malone
Best Editing -- "Fortnight" featuring Post Malone
Song of Summer -- "Fortnight" featuring Post Malone
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media