Conor McGregor’s latest social media teaser has got fans wondering what’s to come as he continues to prepare for his UFC comeback.
The Irishman is currently deep into training camp for his UFC 303 bout with Michael Chandler. But that hasn’t stopped him from maintaining an active social life that included signing contracts for his new ownership of BKFC at his Dublin pub this week.
And it appears that more is to come from McGregor as he shared a recent set of photos seemingly in a recording studio. He added further to the intrigue of the photos by adding a caption on his story that read “Big announcement coming”.
McGregor’s Instagram post that featured the pictures also showed him training as well as holding what appeared to be a video game or DVD. But the most intriguing part was him seemingly speaking into a microphone, which had many feeling he was set to get into music.
With a rap beef currently brewing between Kendrick Lamar and Drake, ‘diss tracks’ in which rappers go to battle via their lyrics, are very popular these days. And many fans speculated that McGregor is set to drop one of his own, with the majority of comments on Instagram making the same joke.
Conor McGregor gonna drop the craziest diss track of 2024 on Michael Chandler pic.twitter.com/y1aF07Gz2B
“His walkout song finna be a Chandler Diss track,” one fan wrote, while another added that a “Chandler diss track is on the way.” 
Others speculated that perhaps McGregor is going to come into the Kendrick and Drake feud. One wrote “Bro is joining the kendrick drake beef,” while another noted that he would be helping the Canadian, saying: “The Mac comes in to support the 6God.”
McGregor is friendly with Drake, and infamously took a photo with the rapper in Toronto during the build-up to his fight with Floyd Mayweather in 2017. He has previously spoken of his “respect” for Drake in a number of social media posts over the years.
In a 2016 interview with the UFC YouTube channel, McGregor said: “I’m a big fan of Drake. I had a meeting with Jimmy Iovine of Apple and he invited me to the show… I’d spoke to Drake before the first Diaz fight – he reached out and messaged me – and we’ve been in contact since then.”
However, what matters most to McGregor for the next few weeks is his upcoming bout with Chandler. The Irishman has been out of action for three years after suffering a broken leg against Dustin Poirier at UFC 264, but is back in the octagon this summer.
McGregor vs Chandler will headline International Fight Week at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on June 29. The pair have been feuding for more than a year, and already spent weeks together coaching opposite one another on The Ultimate Fighter last season.
Chandler has taken almost two years off in order to wait out a meeting with McGregor, who was cleared to compete in 2022 but was unable to schedule a 2023 return. But they now have a date and venue, with tickets already almost entirely sold out at astronomical prices.
$20m+ dollar gate incoming for the @ufc #McGregorSportsandEntertainment pic.twitter.com/hOTaRxlBro
The Irishman holds the promotional gate record for his UFC 205 meeting with Eddie Alvarez which sold over $17.7million in tickets. But he feels that they will finally smash the $20million barrier with this fight, telling fans on X such in a recent post.
Almost the entirety of the UFC’s top five highest gates and pay-per-view sales are held by McGregor, even after his lengthy absence. UFC 299, headlined by Sean O’Malley vs Marlon Vera in Miami this March scraped in at number five on the gate list, but otherwise every event is a Conor McGregor show.