Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Romeo + Juliet is now running on Broadway at the Circle in the Square Theatre.
POPULAR
Jack Antonoff and Rachel Zegler have released “Man of the House,” from Romeo + Juliet on Broadway. The song is performed by Zegler and written by Antonoff alongside Ryan Beatty. 
Starring Rachel Zegler (Juliet) and Kit Connor (Romeo), Romeo + Juliet is a star-studded reimagining of the classic tragic love story, directed by Tony Award-winning director Sam Gold and complete with music by Antonoff, and movement by Tony Award-winning choreographer Sonya Tayeh.
One of several songs Antono penned for the show, “Man of the House” has been released on Shadow of the City, a record label founded by Antonoff as a subsidiary of indie label Dirty Hit. Its release coincides with the play’s opening night, which took place on the evening of October 24th–marking both Antonoff and Zegler’s offcial Broadway debuts. Romeo + Juliet will continue to run through February 16th at Broadway’s Circle in the Square Theatre for a strictly limited 20-week engagement.
Rachel Zegler has established herself as a trailblazer of her generation. Zegler gained notoriety for playing “María Vasquez” in Steven Spielberg’s adaptation of WEST SIDE STORY which earned her a Golden Globe Award for Best Actress in a Comedy or Musical and an NBR Award for Best Actress. Zegler also recently portrayed “Lucy Gray Baird” in THE HUNGER GAMES: THE BALLAD OF SONGBIRDS AND SNAKES. Upcoming, Zegler can be seen in Netflix’s animated film SPELLBOUND, the A24 comedy Y2K, and Disney’s live action SNOW WHITE.
Jack Antono is a globally celebrated, eleven-time Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter, musician, and producer. Both as frontman of band Bleachers and as a songwriter and producer, Antono, who in 2021 was credited by the BBC for having “redefined pop music,” has collaborated with the likes of Taylor Swift, Lana Del Rey, The 1975, Kendrick Lamar, Diana Ross, Lorde, St. Vincent, Florence + The Machine, Kevin Abstract and many more. In February 2024, Antono won Producer of the Year at the Grammy Awards for an incredible third consecutive year, becoming only the second producer in history to win three years running.
In Operation Mincemeat, it’s 1943, and the Allied Forces are on the ropes. Luckily, they’ve got a trick up their sleeve. Well, not up their sleeve, per se, but rather inside the pocket of a stolen corpse. Equal parts farce, thriller, and Ian Fleming-style spy caper (with an assist from Mr. Fleming himself), Operation Mincemeat tells the wildly improbable and hilarious true story of the covert operation that turned the tide of WWII.
In celebration of the final 16 performances, you can now get a look at behind-the-scenes photos of ROMEO + JULIET! See photos here and learn how to purchase tickets to the production.
On a recent visit to CBS Mornings, Romeo + Juliet star Kit Connor discussed the new production, explaining how he was excited to return to his stage roots and put his own spin on the iconic Shakespeare character. Watch the interview now!
Kit Connor is set to appear on CBS Mornings tomorrow to discuss Romeo + Juliet, Sam Gold's production of the Shakespeare tragedy. Tune in to CBS to watch Connor on the program Friday, January 3 from 7:00-9:00 AM.
Rachel Zegler is booked and busy. The Romeo + Juliet star visited Late Night with Seth Meyers on Thursday to discuss her many current and upcoming projects, which include the animated musical Spellbound, the disaster comedy Y2K, and more. Watch the interview here!
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy