"When I listen to it...that s--- don’t sit right with my spirit," Cole said at Dreamville Festival. 
Lester Fabian Brathwaite is a staff writer at Entertainment Weekly, where he covers breaking news, all things Real Housewives, and a rich cornucopia of popular culture. Formerly a senior editor at Out magazine, his work has appeared on NewNowNext, Queerty, Rolling Stone, and The New Yorker. He was also the first author signed to Phoebe Robinson's Tiny Reparations imprint. He met Oprah once.
 The year's hottest rap beef just cooled all the way down.

 When J. Cole took the stage at the Dreamville Festival in North Carolina over the weekend, he took time out to address his part in the simmering feud between him and Kendrick Lamar, dismissing his diss track against Lamar as "the lamest s--- I ever did in my f---ing life."

Scott Dudelson/Getty; Jason Koerner/Getty
 The 39-year-old rapper was referring to "7 Minute Drill," the closing track on his latest album, Might Delete Later. While Cole is "so proud" of the project, he told the Dreamville crowd the diss didn't sit well with him and that he's been having trouble sleeping since it dropped a few days ago.

 "7 Minute Drill" was a response to Lamar’s feature on "Like That," from Future and Metro Boomin’s album, We Don’t Trust You, which came out last month. Lamar took issue with being compared to Drake and J. Cole on their collab "First Person Shooter," on which Cole referred to them as "the big three."

 Lamar rejects the claim, rapping, "Motherf--- the big three, n---a, it's just me," on "Like That." While Drake and Lamar have been trading shots for years, Lamar and Cole have been rather cordial, save for a boast from Big Sean's 2013 song "Control," on which Lamar says he has love for Drake and Cole but plans to metaphorically "murder" them both.

 J. Cole, bowing from pressure from fans and his crew, responded to "Like That" with "7 Minute Drill," taking aim at Lamar's career, his height, and his relevancy in hip-hop, with lines like: "He averagin' one hard verse like every thirty months or somethin' / If he wasn't dissin', then we wouldn't be discussin' him."

 Addressing the crowd at Dreamville, Cole expressed regret for "downplaying" Lamar's "catalogue and his greatness," asking those assembled, "How many people think Kendrick Lamar is one of the greatest motherf---ers to ever touch a f---ing microphone?” 

 While the audience cheered, Cole continued to apologize, hoping that his fans would forgive him for "the misstep" so that he could "get back to my true path." And if Lamar wants to fire shots after "7 Minute Drill," J. Cole has his "chin out."

 He added, "Take your best shot, I'ma take that s--- on the chin, boy. Do what you do."

 Related content:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)