Ye takes aim at his rap peers in an explosive social media post reminding the culture about his contributions & comeback.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Ye — the artist formerly known as Kanye West — took to Instagram on Thursday (March 28) with an explosive post claiming he got the best of Kendrick Lamar on their The Life of Pablo collaboration “No More Parties in L.A.” And he had smoke for Drake too, saying he “washed” him during their 2021 Larry Hoover Benefit concert at Los Angeles’ Coliseum.

	“Everyone knows I washed Kendrick on No More Parties in LA,” West started the post, mentioning the 2016 bar-filled collab. Though the single from the hip-hop titans is certified platinum, the Madlib-produced track never cracked the Billboard Hot 100. Ye roped Drake in next, writing, “Everyone knows I washed Drake at the Free Hoover Concert.”

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Ye didn’t stop there, as he boasted about bringing Adidas back to cultural relevance and then taking them out since the apparel giant severed ties with him in 2022. “Everyone knows I brought Adidas into this culture and I took them out,” he wrote.

	After claiming he invented every genre of music over the past two decades, Kanye reminded fans about his contributions along with his comeback to reach the mountaintop of the charts following his series of controversies and antisemitic remarks that caused many companies to split from the polarizing Chicago-bred mogul.

	“I made Yeezus Dark Fantasy Pablo Graduation Throne 808s Throne,” he wrote. “I made ‘Runaway’ ‘Devil in a New Dress’ ‘Father Stretch.’ I am the only person to come back number one after cancellation. There is only one GOAT. I stand with me. My friends call me Ye :).”

	It could be album-rollout time once again for Ye, with Vultures 2 rumored to be holding a release date of May 3. The first Vultures installment with Ty Dolla $ign topped the Billboard 200 with 148,000 album-equivalent units in February, while the album’s “Carnival” climbed to No. 1 on the Hot 100.

	Ye is calling out Lamar and Drake a week after the release of Future & Metro Boomin’s “Like That,” which features an incendiary Lamar verse that seemingly takes lyrical shots at his “First Person Shooter” co-stars Drake and J. Cole. Now Ye appears to be taking sides in the Kendrick vs. Drake feud, and he’s choosing himself.

	Find Ye’s post below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.