Portishead’s Beth Gibbons has finally announced her debut solo album. Out May 17, the decade-in-the-making LP is called Lives Outgrown, and, below, you can watch director Tony Oursler’s kaleidoscopic video for the single “Floating on a Moment.”
Plans were lain for Lives Outgrown way back in 2013. The songs address anxieties about ageing, according to a press release. “I realized what life was like with no hope,” she said. “And that was a sadness I’d never felt. Before, I had the ability to change my future, but when you’re up against your body, you can’t make it do something it doesn’t want to do.”
It is also an album of goodbyes, she added. “People started dying. When you’re young, you never know the endings, you don’t know how it’s going to pan out. You think: we’re going to get beyond this. It’s going to get better. Some endings are hard to digest…. Now I’ve come out of the other end, I just think, you’ve got to be brave.”
The album follows scattered output from Gibbons since she, Geoff Barrow, and Adrian Utley released Third—itself the product of an 11-year gap—in 2008. In 2019, she released her closest thing to a studio album since: Symphony of Sorrowful Songs, a recording of the Henryk Górecki symphony, performed made with Krzysztof Penderecki and the Polish National Radio Symphony Orchestra.
That aside, Gibbons has made sporadic appearances with other artists, the highest-profile being on Kendrick Lamar’s “Mother I Sober.” Others have ranged from a JJ Doom collaboration to a Black Sabbath cover with a metal band; she also sang Joy Division and David Bowie songs with Afghan girl group the Miraculous Love Kids. And, way back in 2010, Gibbons released a song called “Prospera’s Coda” for a movie of The Tempest.
All products featured on Pitchfork are independently selected by our editors. However, when you buy something through our retail links, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Lives Outgrown:
01 Tell Me Who You Are Today02 Floating on a Moment03 Burden of Life04 Lost Changes05 Rewind06 Reaching Out07 Oceans08 For Sale09 Beyond the Sun10 Whispering Love
Beth Gibbons:
05-27 Paris, France - Salle Pleyel05-28 Zurich, Switzerland - Theater 1105-30 Barcelona, Spain - Primavera Sound Barcelona05-31 Lyon, France - Bourse du Travail de Lyon06-02 Berlin, Germany - Verti Music Hall06-03 Copenhagen, Denmark - Falkonersalen06-05 Utrecht, Netherlands - TivoliVredenburg06-06 Brussels, Belgium - Cirque Royale06-09 London, England - Barbican Centre06-10 Manchester, England - Albert Hall06-11 Edinburgh, Scotland - Usher Hall
More From Pitchfork
Events
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Pitchfork may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
CN Entertainment