Photo: Getty Images
Cardi B, Gunna, Victoria Monét, Jill Scott and Earth, Wing & Fire are set to headline this year's ONE MusicFest. The Atlanta-based music festival unveiled its brand-new lineup on Friday, August 9, ahead of its 15th anniversary. In addition to the aforementioned headliners, fans can expect to see fresh artists like BigXThaPlug, BossMan Dlow, Fridayy, Sexyy Red, GloRilla, Larry June and Young Nudy hit the stage during the two-day event. Mustard is expected to perform the hottest songs from his new album and bring a few of his close friends to the function. DJ Drama will also perform a special set featuring several surprise guests. 
“Amazing to see the diversity amongst our community and culture out there, the young, the old,” ONE Musicfest founder J. Carter told Bossip. “I mean, my kids are out there, my parents are out there. I think it just explains what Atlanta is and what the brand really stands for and how it is an intersection of age and race and creed and lifestyles. I think the whole ONE Musicfest really came alive and lived its creed last year and we plan to do it again. Just as generational the lineup was last year, you’ll see that again this year. I think our audience will reflect that as well.”“It’s everything from Cardi B, to Victoria Monét, to Earth, Wind & Fire,” he added. “It’s the whole breadth of us, R&B, hip-hop, old school, new school. Everything from BossMan Dlow to Destin Conrad. I’m excited to present that again."ONE MusicFest has put together some epic lineups since its inception in 2010. Last year, the festival celebrated the 50th anniversary of Hip-Hop with a unique celebration at a stage featuring classic MC's like KRS-One, 8Ball & MJG, Too $hort, Yo-Yo, Lady of Rage, Goodie Mob and more. Kendrick Lamar, Janet Jackson, Brent Faiyaz and Megan Thee Stallion also served as the headliners. In honor of its 15th anniversary, seasoned acts like Fat Joe, Plies, Little Brother, Keri Hilson, Method Man and Redman plan to bless the mic along with ATL's homegrown artists Monica, T.I., Young Dro, Lloyd, Youngbloodz, Crime Mob, and the Eastside Boyz. The beloved music festival will return to Piedmont Park on October 26 & 27. Tickets are available now.