There's a chance the bars could be met for someone else entirely...

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

	Wait, what? Did Gunna take a shot at Drake on his newly released album, One of Wun? 

	Gunna released his new project on Friday (May 10). “Still Prevail” finds the rapper referencing the much-speculated rumor that Drake, or another unnamed rapper, has cosmetically crafted abdominal muscles, rapping, “I clear all the tabs/ They pay for their abs.” 

	But, wait, could these bars be meant for someone else? Well yes, there is a chance. In fact, the bars could be aimed at Bandman Kevo, a rapper who has admitted to getting abdominoplasty and liposculpture. 2022 saw Kevo fully recover from the procedure, where he would flaunt his “muscles” in an Instagram post. 

	“I was working out hard and still couldn’t lose my stomach so I went to @ insta_p_h_a_m. I was 284 now I’m 220 , but you have to still work out hard and most rappers [ain’t] gone tell you the sauce. If your lady need her body done I might pay for yours and hers too,” he wrote.

	










	Evidence supporting that Wunna may have directed at least some of his shots at Kevo harkens back to a previous issue that Kevo had with the Atlanta native. 














	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	In February 2023, Bandman took to Say Cheese TV to vent his frustrations with the “fukumean” rapper. He claimed to have paid him $250,000 for a feature that never was released. After paying and shooting a music video for the song, Gunna was arrested in the YSL RICO case. The Chi-Town artist explained that with Gunna being arrested and his team occupied with legal woes, the song was shelved. He detailed the incident in a post on X/Twitter. 

	“I paid Gunna last year for a feature 250k. And months later he got a caught case which put my feature and everything else got put on hold , just for him to get released and snitch I can’t do a song with dude I need my bread back asap and if they cap im going big lawsuit,” he typed. 

	Gunna never responded to his frustrations so the ab bars may be aimed at Bandman Kevo for his remarks. 
A post shared by HOLLYWOOD UNLOCKED (@hollywoodunlocked)

	The real shots at Drizzy may have centered more on his writing practices. Gunna hit out at allegations regarding an unnamed artist employing ghostwriters to create their songs in the track, “Collage,” spitting, “Thank God I didn’t need a writer/ I work, but they think they entitled.” 

	Both songs reference specific allegations that have arisen once or twice during Drizzy’s feud with Kendrick Lamar and Rick Ross. During the end of Ross’ “Champagne Moments” diss, he accused the Her Loss rapper of getting his abs done via surgery, rapping, “You had that surgery, that six-pack gone/ That’s why you wearin’ that funny sh*t at your show. You can’t hide it, ni**a.” 











	Kendrick Lamar clowned Drake for the alleged surgery in “Euphoria.” Lamar echoed the sentiments with a clever line regarding Drizzy’s discography and a V12 engine and a V12 Cryolipolysis Slimming Machine used for getting abs. “You gon’ make a ni**a bring back Puff, let me see if Chubbs really crash somethin’/ Yeah, my first one like my last one, it’s a classic, you don’t have one/ Let your core audience stomach that, then tell ’em where you get your abs from/ V12, it’s a fast one, baow-baow-baow, last one/ Headshot for the year, you better walk around like Daft Punk,” he spit. Later in the track, K. Dot also brings up the ghostwriting allegations, rhyming, “Ain’t 20 v. 1, it’s 1 v. 20 if I gotta smack ni**as that write with you.” 

	While the alleged Bandman Kevo and Drake shots may be shocking, fans assumed Gunna to be aiming to diss Future on his new album. On Wednesday (May 8), the Freebandz general hit X/Twitter with a brief but blunt message aimed at an unnamed figure. “F**k yo album Sh*t ain’t slappin like my MIXTAPE,” he typed, followed by “May tenth.” Hours later Gunna seemingly shot back, “Turn this sh*t bac up Notch……!  F**k What These boys talkin bout!”

	However, it turns out Future wasn’t referring to an album but a single he delivered called “Swear to God” with Tee Grizzley. The song also features the message that he posted. 

	Future’s post, it turns out, was actually a reference to his new collaboration with Tee Grizzley, “Swear to God,” which includes the line as mentioned earlier.
Fuck yo album Shit ain’t slappin like my MIXTAPE
Fuc What These boys talkin bout ?️
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.