Manage your account
The post Spotify Pulls Music of Russian Artists Who Support Ukraine War appeared first on Consequence.
Spotify has removed the songs and profiles of Russian artists who have been sanctioned by the EU over their support of the invasion of Ukraine.
According to The Moscow Times, artists impacted by the decision include the band Lyube and singers Grigory Leps, Oleg Gazmanov, Polina Gagarina, and Shaman. The first three artists have been under EU sanctions since the invasion launched in 2022, while Shaman and Gagarina were sanctioned just last week.
“Platform Rules clearly state that we take action when we identify content which explicitly violates our content policies or local laws,” Spotify said in a statement. “Upon review, these artists met the threshold for removal.”
The EU’s latest sanctions package alleges Shaman “repeatedly participated in Kremlin-organized concerts, including the Kremlin’s anniversary event for that war, and given concerts in the illegally occupied regions of Ukraine.”
Meanwhile, Gagarina is purported to have generated “significant revenue” from state-sponsored events celebrating the annexation of Crimea and other Ukrainian regions under Russian control.
Back in 2018, Spotify implemented a controversial hate content policy which was reversed a few weeks later after artists like Kendrick Lamar reportedly expressed concern that it unfairly targeted people of color.
Spotify fully suspended service in Russia following the invasion of Ukraine in March 2022.
Spotify Pulls Music of Russian Artists Who Support Ukraine War Eddie Fu
Popular Posts
Tenacious D Announce Fall 2024 US Tour Dates
Michael J. Fox Plays Guitar with Coldplay at Glastonbury: Watch
Comedy Central's Website Shut Down, Removing Decades of Classic Daily Show and Colbert Report Clips
Pearl Jam Cancel European Tour Dates Due to Band Member Illness
Bob's Burgers Actor Jay Johnston to Plead Guilty for Role in Capitol Riot
Donald Sutherland's 10 Best Movie Roles
Subscribe to Consequence’s email digest and get the latest breaking news in music, film, and television, tour updates, access to exclusive giveaways, and more straight to your inbox.