Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The vice president and 2024 Democratic presidential candidate played the empowering track during a Monday appearance.

							By 

	Tatiana Tenreyro


	Beyoncé has reportedly granted Vice President Kamala Harris, currently the leading Democrat to become the party’s 2024 presidential nominee, approval to use one the Lemonade song, “Freedom,” during her campaign.

	As reported by CNN, a source connected to Harris said that her team got a last-minute approval from 32-time Grammy winner’s representatives to use the song, which played during a Monday appearance by Harris at the Delaware campaign headquarters of what had been Biden’s reelection effort.


	“Freedom”, which features Kendrick Lamar, is a song championing Black women’s empowerment. “Freedom! Freedom!/ Where are you?/’Cause I need freedom, too!/I break chains all by myself/Won’t let my freedom rot in hell/Hey! I’ma keep running/’Cause a winner don’t quit on themselves,” Beyoncé chants in the chorus.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Amber Ruffin on Getting Canceled by White House Correspondents' Dinner: "This Would Have Been Bad"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					At WHCD Weekend, Glam With a (Small) Dash of Dystopia		
			








	In the official music video, Beyoncé and Lamar were accompanied by the mothers of Black men slain by police, including Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown and Eric Garner.

	Beyoncé seems to be as big a fan of Vice President Harris as Harris is of her. She gifted Harris tickets to the Landover, Maryland concert of her Renaissance World Tour. Harris thanked the singer on social media for the “fun date night,” sharing a photo of herself with her husband, Doug Emhoff. Beyoncé, however, has not officially endorsed Harris.

	But her mother, Tina Knowles, is a vocal supporter of Harris. On Monday, she shared a photo of herself with the potential Democratic nominee, captioned, “New, Youthful, Sharp energy !!!! You asked for it and our President Biden did what was best for the country! Putting personal Ego, power and fame aside. That is the definition of a great leader. Thank you, President Biden for your service and your leadership. Go Vice President Kamala Harris for President. Let’s Go.”

	In 2020, Beyoncé appeared to endorse the Biden-Harris campaign on Instagram. And in 2016, she supported Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. 

	The power couple are also friends of the Obamas, with Beyoncé performing at both of former President Barack Obama’s inaugurations.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.