Big Daddy Kane will also appear at the event, which marks the historic venue's 90th anniversary. Adam Blackstone will serve as musical director.

													By
												

	Paul Grein


	A pair of R&B legends, Babyface and Usher, will be honored by The Apollo Theater in Harlem at its annual Spring Benefit on Tuesday, June 11. Babyface will receive the inaugural Legacy Award. Usher will receive the Icon Award.

	“I am humbled to receive the inaugural Legacy Award,” Babyface said in a statement. “For nearly a century, the theater has been a constant symbol of excellence in Black entertainment. So, for The Apollo to honor my legacy feels nothing short of amazing.”

	










	“It’s an honor to be receiving this award from such an iconic and historic cultural institution in New York City – one that has hosted and paved the way for so many prominent people,” Usher said. “I’m humbled to be this year’s recipient and look forward to seeing everyone soon.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	The event, which marks the Apollo’s 90th anniversary, will feature a special appearance by Big Daddy Kane, with more stars to be announced. Adam Blackstone will serve as musical director.

	All proceeds will support the non-profit organization’s year-round artistic, education, and community programs.

	The Spring Benefit begins with red carpet arrivals at 5:00 p.m. followed by the benefit concert and awards ceremony at 7:00 p.m. The event will also include an afterparty designed by event designer and Apollo board member Bronson Van Wyck.

	In addition, Babyface will be inducted into The Apollo’s Walk of Fame the previous day, Monday, June 10 at 11:30 a.m. ET. Inductees are honored with a plaque which is installed under the theater’s iconic marquee on 125th Street.

	Previous inductees into The Apollo’s Walk of Fame include Aretha Franklin, Quincy Jones, Richard Pryor, Patti Labelle, Smokey Robinson, Jackie “Moms” Mabley, Gladys Knight, Lionel Richie, Ella Fitzgerald, Temptations and Mary J. Blige.

	Babyface and Usher have won a combined 20 Grammy Awards – 12 for Babyface, eight for Usher. In addition, Babyface received a trustees award from the Recording Academy in 2021. Big Daddy Kane won a Grammy in 1991 for his role on Quincy Jones’ celebrated Back on the Block album.

	Blackstone won a Primetime Emmy in 2022 as music director of The Pepsi Super Bowl LVI Halftime Show Starring Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, 50 Cent. Usher headlined the 2024 Super Bowl halftime show, which drew the largest audience in the event’s history. This year’s Primetime Emmy nods, where Usher’s halftime show is a likely contender, will be announced on July 17.

	










	Visit www.ApolloTheater.org for more information. To purchase benefit tickets, make a donation, or for more information, visit www.apollotheater.org/event/spring-benefit-2024.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.