As Duke celebrates its centennial — and with Grammy-award winning musician Ed Sheeran recently gracing Wallace Wade Stadium — it seems only right to look back at some of the other artists Duke has hosted over the years. 
No discussion of Duke concerts is complete without mentioning the Grateful Dead. An iconic 60's rock band, the Grateful Dead played at Duke an impressive five times, kicking off their first show in April 1971 and playing for the final time in April 1982. Their most legendary performance? Definitely April 1978. This show is still considered among the best of both their 1978 shows and overall repertoire. Known for their psychedelic music and live improvisations, the Grateful Dead were a symbol of the counterculture of the 60s, and their 1978 performance showed just how much their icon had grown. When they arrived in Durham in 1978, the Grateful Dead were already a well-oiled machine, with countless live performances at venues like Woodstock under their belt.
During the show, fans (aka 'Deadheads') went wild for hits like “Jack Straw,” “Bertha,” “Good Lovin” and “Eyes of the World." Cheers echoed throughout Cameron Indoor Stadium, with the crowd roaring so loud that some faculty living nearby decided to call in to complain. But this concert wasn’t just memorable for its music — it also sparked the beginnings of a now-sacred Duke tradition: tenting. As described in the podcast "Good Ol' Grateful Deadcast," when students heard the news about tickets going on sale, some decided to take the initiative to bring folding chairs 48 hours before they went live, securing their spot in Cameron Indoor Stadium. Just a couple of years later, in the mid-80s, rabid basketball fans began to tent in K-Ville to secure their spot in the legendary Duke-UNC game, and the tradition has continued ever since. 
Aside from the Grateful Dead, Duke is no stranger to hosting famous names. In 1972, legendary singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder hit the stage in Cameron. 1976 saw rock icon Bruce Springsteen and his E street Band perform to a packed house. Legendary jazz and pop singer Frank Sinatra, country star Johnny Cash and folk-rock artist Bob Dylan have also made their way to Durham throughout the years, performing for their Blue Devil fans. 
And before Kanye was Ye, and before all the controversies that now define his image, he came to perform at Duke’s LDOC concert in 2004. He was booked as an already well-known rapper, but by the time he arrived, the release of his soon-to-be triple-platinum debut album “College Dropouts” had made him a household name. Fresh off this release, West captivated his audience with his confident and authentic energy. He even brought along a friend whose name you might recognize: John Legend. Yep, the 2004 LDOC concert not only managed to get Kanye West at the start of his fame, but also got John Legend, a three-time Grammy-award-winning artist. Of course, this was before he was the John Legend we know today, but LDOC 2004 still remains one of the most iconic LDOC concerts to this day.
Fast forward a year, and another legend — no pun intended — came to Wallace Wade Stadium, marking the first performance there since Grateful Dead in 1978. Also a rock band, they had developed an edgy and gritty sound that would come to define hard rock and the rock‘n’roll vibe. That’s right, The Rolling Stones came to Durham and about 35,000 fans got to hear the iconic guitar riff in “Satisfaction” and other rock anthems like “Sympathy for the Devil” and “Jumpin’ Jack Flash.” 
Another familiar name to add to the list: Kendrick Lamar came to Abele Quad to play in the LDOC 2013 concert. Lamar had just released his second album “good kid, m.A.A.d city” the previous year, which included classics like “Money Trees” and “Bitch, Don’t Kill My Vibe.” His lyrical flow and dynamic stage presence left fans buzzing for days. 
It’s clear that throughout the years, Duke has seen a number of musical stars hit the stage. From rock, to country, to rap, Duke students have seen it all. They’ve witnessed fresh talent and renowned artists. Who knows what the next 100 years will bring?
Sign up for our weekly newsletter. Cancel at any time.
Share and discuss “Centennial Special: 100 years of concerts at Duke” on social media.

 facebook
 twitter