By
Drake and Rick Ross‘ feud continues on social media through direct messages, memes, and photos. 
The two have moved on from their past collaborations and are slamming each other about airplanes and properties. The beef began over the weekend following Drake’s release of his diss track, “Push Ups,” which mentions Rick Ross, among other rappers. Ross unfollowed Drake a couple of weeks ago over a cease-and-desist letter sent to French Montana. 
A post shared by DJ Akademiks (@akademiks)
Within hours, Ross responded to “Push Ups” with his diss track “Champagne Moments.” According to Mal of the New Rory and Mal Podcast, Drake initially turned off “Champagne Moments” after Ross raps that he is richer. Celebrity Net Worth reports Drake has a net worth of $250 million, while Rick Ross has a net worth of $150 million.
Following the release of diss tracks, Ross continued to talk about Drake on various social media platforms, such as Instagram Live and comment sections of popular accounts and even added  “Champagne Moments” on streaming services. Akademiks posted a screenshot of Drake mocking Ross’ wealth on Instagram, which prompted Ross to respond with a challenge a few minutes later.
Birdman and Ross are rivals, while Drake has Birdman’s support. Lil Wayne, DJ Khaled, Meek Mill, and French Montana – Drake and Ross’s acquaintances – haven’t taken a side. 
A post shared by DJ Akademiks (@akademiks)
Ross has been trying to get Drake to join social media banter but Drake has not responded. Ross urged Drake to buy Birdman another mansion using his wealth in a mocking tone. He gave Drake a 48-hour deadline to respond and also made a sarcastic comment about Drake’s old jet.
Ross and Drake have collaborated and reached number one on the Billboard charts with “Stay Schemin” in 2012, before the beef. Drake has not responded to “Champagne Moments” yet. 
Drake also feuds with Future, Kendrick Lamar, Metro Boomin, A$AP Rocky, The Weeknd, and basketball star Ja Morant.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97