LAS VEGAS, NV – APRIL 21:  Rapper Rick Ross performs at the official Eclipse launch party at Daylight Beach Club at the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino on April 21, 2017 in Las Vegas, Nevada.  (Photo by David Becker/Getty Images for Daylight Beach Club  )
Rick Ross punched in the face, jumped after playing Drake diss in Canada. This story is still breaking as it happened overnight but here is what we know. Rick Ross was at the Ignite Music Festival at the Plaza of Nations in Vancouver Sunday night. At some point during the night, Kendrick Lamar's Drake diss track "Not Like Us" played. According to a tweet from @6ixAK_TV "Damn…. The BC demons viciously violated #RickRoss after he decided to play #KendrickLamars hit record."
A video is now circulating of the attack. In the video, you can clearly see Rick Ross getting punched in the face. There's also rumors that one of Rick Ross' entourage was left unconscious after the attack. As of this morning, the story is still breaking. More will be known later in the day. No word as of yet if there have been any arrests. 
It is also interesting to point out, that Drake liked a video of the attack on Instagram. The attack was posted several hours ago to the account @6ixaktv. The caption read "@richforever met the BC demons at his show tonight...He shouldn't have played @kendricklamar hit record." Drake's IG account liked the post.
"I guess Canada not having any trolling wit no mans playing “Not Like Us” in their country. Pray for peace y’all. Ross and Drake use to make slaps. Sad it got to this part."
The story is still breaking but in this video, X user @royal_bobby24 points out that Dreams and Nightmare's track plays in the backround. This video is clear showing the attack. Hard to see completely but the flashes from cameras helps a little.
X user @belovedbone had a lot to say on the platform. "Drake fans reaching new lows. Pray they have the therapy needed to recover. It’s just a rap battle, it’ll be okay Aubrey’s Angels."
The video was posted to the account @6ixaktv several hours ago. The caption read "@richforever met the BC demons at his show tonight...He shouldn't have played @kendricklamar hit record." Drake's IG account liked the post.

A post shared by

This X user says it should've been expected. "You think VANCOUVER gonna let u disrespect Drake?? I bet that trip to Canada be the last one they take." 
This X user says Rick Ross should've expected it to happen. "What exactly did Rick Ross think would happen after hopping into Drake beef that did not concern him and record diss tracks against Drake and then go to Canada to perform??? He should have picked up some lemon pepper wings and kept quiet."
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!