Filed under:
Bron Breakker gets a new number one contender, Bret Hart returns with a message for GUNTHER, and Judgment Day causes havoc on this week’s Monday Night Raw. 
Number YEET Contender!#WWERaw pic.twitter.com/5FKr4XEuGZ
I rarely gush over wrestlers. I usually save my gushing for a lot more nerdier things, like screenwriters (Aaron Sorkin), incredible rap lyricists (Method Man), and comic book characters (Spider-Man). 
That all changed this week thanks to Bronson Breakker. 
A few weeks ago, I wrote that WWE did a fantastic job positioning Bron as the next big thing (shoutout to Paul E.) through moves both overt and subtle. The in-ring stuff is obvious but it’s all the other things that made Bron into the one thing that not every pro wrestler can become: cool. 
Payback's a butch...#WWERaw pic.twitter.com/fzLx3x3rTI
Bron Breakker is the coolest cat on the red brand and it’s not even close. This doesn't mean he’s the “best wrestler” or that he’s even a straight babyface. It means that Bron’s persona makes everything he does seem effortless while everyone else is trying hard. He’s not always animated or yelling at the top of his lungs. He’s not always speaking calmly either. What makes Bron work so well is that he modulates. He knows when to press the gas and when to ease up. And smartly, WWE uses him judiciously, which only deepens that cool factor. 
Let’s look at this week, shall we? 
Bron approached Braun Strowman, Ilja Dragunov, and Pete Dunne all prior to their Fatal 4-Way for Bron’s Intercontinental championship. And in each moment, he just looked like the person I should cheer for despite him being a jerk. He made fun of Braun’s injury, clowned Pete’s overall being, and told Ilja there is no competition between the two considering their history. He showed not even an ounce of humility or deference to his possible opponents. 
To say nothing of the generational levels of disrespect he threw Jey Uso’s way for a couple weeks straight. And even when juxtaposed with Jey, who rocks the glasses and gets the crowd hype with all the Yeet, Bron somehow brings more intensity and more chill all at once. Not doing too much, as sometimes Jey does in my eyes, makes the former NXT champion look a lot better in comparison. 
It’s easy to make someone like Bron larger than life every time. He’s a Steiner, after all, so giving him big emotions with even bigger reactions would make sense. Yet they found a way to make him a standout by giving him calm menace, to poach a phrase from Wade Barrett. All of that is possible because they showed us what he’s capable of in the ring. 
Given the opponent, putting all four men through that battle at the end of Raw makes even more sense. And it was a battle; Ilja, Jey, Pete, and Braun produced a fantastic main event that was chaotic from the start and never let up. The best moment came when Bronson Reed appeared out of nowhere like Batman and squashed Braun beneath his body and the announce table. 
TSUNAMI OUTTA NOWHERE!!!#WWERaw pic.twitter.com/ON8g0a9j3V
That was incredible. Besides the beautiful camera work and the quickness Bronson showed, it continued their feud while giving Bronson a measure of revenge for Bron taking his spot in this very match. Next to Kendrick Lamar, Bronson Reed might be the biggest hater around. If he can’t have it, best believe his opponents can’t either. 
Jey got the win, which gives us the match these two hinted at. One dynasty vs. another, one man chasing a singles championship while the other is forging his reign. It writes itself. And in any other situation, I’d root for Jey. Not this time though. It’s so hard rooting against Bron when he’s so dope at what he does and makes it look like second nature. 
Part of being cool is not even trying; it’s just something that comes naturally. In that regard, Bron is working on a very different level than everyone on Raw, and that includes his upcoming opponent. At a certain point, it’s going to be very hard keeping him away from GUNTHER’s World Heavyweight championship. We’re not there yet but I won’t be shocked if we get there sooner than most expect. 
"You will always be a close second to my actual favorite. And my all-time favorite is none other than Bill Goldberg!"    #WWERaw pic.twitter.com/JadM5NkGrp
I’ve waited a long time to use this song from the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze soundtrack. I don’t usually do the nostalgia thing but this song just reminds me of my 1990s childhood. And the same goes for Bret Hart.
Bret showed up on Raw this week because they’re in Calgary, Alberta so, you know, duh. While we didn’t get a Shawn Michaels sighting, we did get Sami Zayn and GUNTHER. They expertly used Bret to juice up this thing between Sami and GUNTHER, while also putting a lot of heat on GUNTHER. I mean, the man said Bret is his second favorite wrestler while Bill Goldberg is the first. He had the unmitigated audacity to say William Goldberg’s name in that city, in that arena, in front of that man. And the crowd rightly killed him for it. 
But this wasn’t about Bret and GUNTHER; it was about putting more pressure on the Ring General in hopes that he might accept Sami’s challenge. No dice on that tonight, but he didn’t take too kindly to Bret questioning his heart. We’re getting closer to the moment the champ gives Sami what he wants, but the question is what puts him over the edge. 
It was never Bret in that regard, but the Hitman’s disdain for GUNTHER’s character eats at one of the champ’s core beliefs about himself: He’s one of the greats and every great in history respects him. Grant it, GUNTHER disrespected the Canadian legend, but Bret’s words cut GUNTHER. You can roll out legends every week to make that point, but it’s a key one for getting us from point A to point B. 
The Judgment Day wins the numbers game again on #WWERaw! pic.twitter.com/LrLGUKrPHl
The Judgment Day vs. Terror Twins saga turned another page this week when we finally got to Finn Balor and Damian Priest. Damian confronted Finn after Finn continued his song and dance about why he’s pissy at his former best friend. All hell broke loose and Rhea Ripley hit the ring while hobbling. Every member of Judgment Day vs. two people, even if those two people are Damian & Rhea, is a no brainer. My favorite moment came when Damian protected Rhea from vicious shots with her own crutch. That says so much about their bond and Damian’s respect for Rhea. He went to a “local medical facility” as a result, but that didn’t stop him from demanding a match with Finn Balor at Bad Blood. And Rhea gets her shot at Liv Morgan for the Women’s World championship. 
This was all we got from the Terror Twins this week but it was powerful. Strong character moments make great segments. 
This was a very packed show. And an entertaining one. Bad Blood is in less than a month and it’s already looking like a stacked card. I like where everything is going for the most part. 
What say you? And am I the only one who thinks of American Males any time someone on WWE tv says, “American Made”?
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.