Are you exhausted or intrigued?
Read the below for any man with a Scorpio sun or Scorpio rising sign, and find even more information on Scorpio compatibility here.
Now you see him, now you don’t. Welcome to the mind-boggling labyrinth of the Scorpio man. He’s intense, mysterious, and fully into you—until he isn’t. But wait, he’s back! Don’t dwell on the momentary ghosting. This is just his courtship dance, a series of loyalty tests that he puts you through to make sure you actually like him. Are you exhausted or intrigued?
If the answer is the latter, let the games begin. Cat and mouse is the Scorpio man’s favorite folly, which he uses to whip up serious seduction. A taste of honey—or the Scorpio man—is worse than none at all. Good luck getting him out of your head once you open the door. He’ll be living there, rent-free, for a long time.
While Scorpio is the famed sex symbol of the zodiac, you might not even find him sexy initially. His brooding vibe doesn’t always draw fans. (When he turns on the rizz, however, look out.)  Regardless, something about him piques your curiosity. He’s witty. Creative. Articulate. Clever. He makes up a viciously funny name for your evil ex, remembers the vintage cowboy boots you wore to a Chappell Roan concert, and gives you savvy advice when you’re fighting with your friend about bridesmaid dresses.
On the plus side, if this man loves you, he will not give up on your connection. Picture Scorpio Ryan Gosling as The Notebook’s Noah, a millworker with an unwavering devotion to Allie, despite her family’s disapproval of their love. After writing her 365 letters that are intercepted by her mother, he ultimately wins her heart by restoring her dream home to perfection.  Such are the levels of worship the Scorpio man is capable of. 
If you’re into being put on a pedestal, that might sound pretty awesome, but know this: The Scorpio man can get possessive. He wants to call you “baby” or, better yet, “mine.”  As obsessed as you can become with him, he’ll be, as Scorpio Frank Ocean crooned, “Thinkin’ ’bout forever.” Don’t toy with his heart if you’re not super into him. 
Look, we’re not trying to shade this dude, but welcoming a Scorpio man into your life is no lighthearted thing. He’s a water sign, which already makes him emo to begin with. Add the fixed modality and you have someone with icy determination (and the shipwrecking powers of an iceberg) to contend with. There’s a reason Scorpio Penn Badgley crushed the role of lovestruck serial killer Joe Goldberg in You. 
Ironically, he can also be one of the biggest players in the zodiac, capable of secrecy, betrayal, and philandering. His sign is ruled by faraway Pluto, the simmering planet of secrets, alchemy, possessiveness, and control.  Jealousy and vengeance are also weak spots for the Scorpio man. He won’t hold back from a low blow if he feels threatened or attacked. The neverending-beef-turned-rap-battle between Scorpio Drake and Gemini Kendrick Lamar is proof of this. 
It’s important to know that Sir Scorpio moves through a few different phases in his evolution. The lowest vibration is the blind, stinging scorpion that poisons anyone it considers a threat. From there, he becomes the serpent—beguiling, regenerative, and full of charm, but still a danger. Then, the high-flying (but predatory) eagle that soars overhead and mates for life. Finally, there’s the phoenix phase: the Scorpio who rises from the ashes of its own shadows to power up the world with its magic.
Don’t be scared! While there are some villains among the Scorpio ranks, there are also some of the most passionate, faithful men you could find. Matthew McConaughey has beat the Hollywood odds with his 12-year marriage to Aquarius Camila Alves. Adam Driver might have bed-hopped from Hannah to Jessa in Girls, but IRL, he’s been married to his longtime partner, Joanne Tucker, since 2013; they met while they were both students at Julliard.  
Inviting him into your life comes with a certain gravitas, so make sure you’re really, truly into him—and vice versa, unless you want your heart ripped out of your chest. The pain of a Scorpio breakup has been known to bring the strongest soul to their knees. But if there’s mutual reciprocity between you, he is a great investment. The energy you put into him can yield solid returns and compounding interest. And let’s be real, you might just bank some of the best sex you’ve had in your life.
The emotional highs and lows of a Scorpio might appear perilous to most signs, but a fellow Scorpio will feel right at home in that cauldron of intensity. This same-sign combo is legendary.
Both signs are ruled by feisty, combative Mars—Scorpio also counts Pluto as its overlord—which makes the line between lust and hate nearly invisible. They’ll have the best sex ever, but might become mortal enemies soon after.
Manifest Your Dream Life Using Astrology
Sagittarius Monthly Horoscope
Aries Monthly Horoscope
Taurus Monthly Horoscope
Gemini Monthly Horoscope
Leo Monthly Horoscope
Cancer Monthly Horoscope
Aquarius Monthly Horoscope
Virgo Monthly Horoscope
Libra Monthly Horoscope
Pisces Monthly Horoscope
Scorpio Monthly Horoscope
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.