By
As Drake and Kendrick Lamar‘s ongoing tension continues to rise, an unlikely R&B legend weighed in on the beef: Al Green. Following the release of Kendrick’s “6:16 in LA,” which featured a sample of Green’s  “What a Wonderful Thing Love Is,” the legendary singer hopped on X(formerly Twitter) to share his thoughts. 
The singer seems to be taking advantage of the attention and posted a link to the track with the caption, “What a Wonderful Thing Love Is.” While it’s not a direct stamp of approval, it seems that Green is a fan of the tune. 
Check out the post below. 
What A Wonderful Thing Love Is https://t.co/VieB95bg22
Lamar’s “6:16 in LA,” was produced by Sounwave and Jack Antonoff, a long-time collaborator of Taylor Swift. This would be the second response that Lamar fired off at Drake since “Euphoria.”
“Can’t toosie slide up outta this one, it’s just gon’ resurface/Every dog gotta have its day, now live in your purpose/It was fun until you started to put money in the streets,” Lamar raps. “Then lost money ’cause they came back with no receipts.” 
In response, Drake fired back at Lamar — this would be his third track aimed at the Compton rapper — with “Family Matters.” Drake took several shots at  Lamar, even alleging he and his wife were in a toxic and abusive relationship. 
“On some Bobby sh*t, I wanna know what Whitney need/All that puppy love was over in y’all late teens/Why you never hold your son and tell him, “Say cheese?’” Drake rapped. “We could’ve left the kids out of this, don’t blame me.” 
But things didn’t end there, Lamar fired back with another track, “Meet The Grahams.” Throughout the song, the DAMN. rapper made a series of damming allegations against Drake, including one that he employs “pedophiles.” 
“Grew facial hair because he understood bein’ a beard just fit him better/He got sex offenders on ho-VO that he keep on a monthly allowance,” he rapped.” A child should never be compromised and he keepin’ his child around them/And we gotta raise our daughters knowin’ there’s predators like him lurkin’.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97