By 

	Ethan Shanfeld


	It’s been a month since Drake’s latest Kendrick Lamar diss, “The Heart Part 6,” but is his next musical move really a cover of “Hey There Delilah”?

	Late on Monday, the internet exploded with a version of the Plain White T’s moody 2005 hit sung in Caribbean patois in what sounds like Drake‘s voice (but these days, who knows?). The cover, titled “Wah Gwan Delilah” and filled with Toronto references and slang, was uploaded by SoundCloud user Snowd4y and claims to feature Drake.





	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How the ‘Sinners’ Financing Model Offers Salvation for All Producers 		
			














	
		
					'Good Boy' Creator Ben Leonberg on Directing His Dog to Indie Horror Stardom: 'I'm Maybe a Little Bit Crazy for Thinking I Could and Would Do It'		
			








	The track has more than 200,000 plays on SoundCloud and immediately went viral on Twitter. But is it real?

	










			Popular on Variety		






	Drake posted a screenshot of the song on his Instagram story, which would seem to suggest that it’s actually him. The rapper tagged Snowd4y and wrote, “Wake up the city,” with a couple of emojis. (On Instagram, Drake also follows Snowd4y, who for weeks had been teasing his “Hey There Delilah” parody and a Drake feature. “I might do a local collab, but he has to come on it neatly,” Snowd4y said of Drake on the “Richdiet Podcast.”)

	But teases to keep his fans guessing are a cornerstone of Drake’s brand — it was not immediately clear to fans or experts whether “Heart on My Sleeve,” the 2023 song purportedly featuring him and the Weeknd that turned out to feature AI-generated vocals, was actually the two of them, and both artists kept mum until Universal Music, the company to which they are both signed, issued a takedown order. 

Variety has reached out to Drake’s representative for comment or confirmation. Whether it’s actually him or not, he doesn’t seem to mind us speculating.
The Business of Entertainment