The Compton Cowboy's winning streak continues.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Kendrick Lamar continues to surpass Drake as his Spotify monthly listener count soars past the Canadian artist’s stats. NFR Podcast first noted the numerical shift on Tuesday (July 16). The screenshots tallied K. Dot’s monthly listeners at 74,115,665, while Drizzy’s sat at 74,086,033.

	However, on Wednesday (July 17), at the time of this article’s publication, Kendrick’s total had risen to 74,339,787, while Drake’s listeners had fallen to 74,062,374.

	Additionally, Variety and Luminate reported that Metro Boomin and Future releasing “Like That,” which features K. Dot, contributed to the West Coast rapper’s total listeners. In fact, Lamar’s Spotify listens had increased by 19 percent 4 weeks after “Like That.” On the other hand, Drizzy had suffered a 4 percent decline over the same period.

	









Kendrick Lamar surpasses Drake to become the rapper with the 2nd MOST monthly listeners on Spotify ?• Kendrick Lamar → 74,115,665• Drake → 74,086,033 pic.twitter.com/4F2JcXA7zA

	Kendrick’s latest victory over Drake arrives just as “Not Like Us” returns to the top of the Billboard Hot 100 chart. K. Dot’s hit single jolted back atop the coveted musical mountain, rebounding from No. 3 with a little help from the viral music video.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	The new feat marks the second week that the song of the summer has found its way to No. 1 on the Billboard chart.
this chart from @Variety / Luminate is hilariousKendrick's Spotify monthly listeners grew by 19% in the 4 weeks after the release of "Like That." roughly identical growth for Future & Metro Boomin.whereas Drake's monthly listenership actually DECLINED by 4% pic.twitter.com/uBJESkQrSb

	And if that wasn’t enough, Richie Branson, a video game designer who has previously worked at Bleacher Report and on Epic Game’s Fortnite, released the free-to-play game, “Not Like Us: The Video Game, on Monday (July 15).

	In the credits, the new video game is described as “a love letter to video games and Hip-Hop.” The game’s premise is directly inspired by the “Not Like Us” music video, pulled from the scene with Kendrick beating an owl piñata. Fans can play as a K. Dot-inspired character as he attempts to strike an owl that appears in four different directions around him, akin to Wack-A-Mole. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.