Jadakiss remains confused with J. Cole's decision to apologize to Kendrick Lamar at the 2024 Dreamville Festival.
During an appearance on The Stephen A. Smith Show this weekend, the Lox rapper respectfully expressed his disappointment in Cole, who last week apologized to Kendrick just days after releasing a new diss track ("7 Minute Drill") aimed at the Compton rapper.
“When I woke up, and seen Cole’s response at Dreamville, I was kinda distraught. I was confused, because he’s one of the nicest right now," Jadakiss explained. "He always stands on that. He always says what he’ll do, everybody wanted it."
The Yonkers rapper continued by expressing his genuine confusion about Cole's decision to wave the white flag. “I don’t know what happened with his spirits or what happened," he said.
From there, Jadakiss accurately predicted that Drake would unleash a diss aimed at Kendrick. "I think Drake's gonna come back and say something," he shared, adding that he also expects Kendrick to return the favor.
Jadakiss' opinion about Cole's response is similar to fellow Lox rapper Styles P, who took to Twitter last week to share his raw thoughts on the situation. In a comment shared on his Instagram Stories, Styles sounded both happy for and disappointed in Cole.
"The emcee with a competitive nature part of me is upset at that young man while the mental wellness, 'take care of your spirit' part of me is very proud of him," he said. "He just confused the shit out of my frequencies but imma always go with the take care of you spirit and please y'all self before you worry about pleasing others!."
Meanwhile, 50 Cent, as is his nature, took an entirely different approach than his New York peers. After catching wind of Cole's Dreamville address, Fif took straight to Twitter and urged the North Carolina rapper to give him a call, as Cole could surely benefit from 50's expertise in rap beef.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Styles P Says He's Conflicted About J. Cole's Apology to Kendrick Lamar: 'He Just Confused The Sh*t Out of My Frequencies'
music | BY Mark Elibert
50 Cent Demands J. Cole Call Him ‘Right Now’ After Kendrick Lamar Diss Apology: ‘WTF’
music | BY Trace William Cowen
J. Cole's Surprise Appearance on Future and Metro Boomin’s "Red Leather" Has Fans Overreacting
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.