New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
It's nighttime in America, which means it's time for another edition of Evening Reading.
Welcome, welcome, Shackers. I’m fresh off a flight from Prague and back this week to deliver your Tuesday Evening Reading. I wish I could say it’s been fun in the States, but certain trillion dollar companies saw fit to perform their latest trick of making hundreds of jobs and a couple studios disappear. Maybe mass acquisition was a mistake? Either way, this day of posting must end, so here’s your Evening Reading to close it down.
pic.twitter.com/qVAMh1FfG1
Seems kind of like Tango Gameworks was trying to tell us something.
This is the only explanation for Tango Gameworks closing after making such a hit game like Hi-Fi Rush. pic.twitter.com/vv028kUfa8
Why create anything of value when you could just buy all the good ideas and hoard them?
BREAKING: Kendrick Lamar just fired shots at Phil Spencer after the closure of Tango Gameworks and Arkane Austin ‼️😳Will Kendrick be the first rapper in history to take out both Drake and a high level gaming executive in the same week? 🤔 pic.twitter.com/yJTWLbPzrq
It fits so well.
Redfall's DLC was being worked on 5 hours ago pic.twitter.com/ses9IvakXh
Kind of makes it all the more despicable.
After today's news, it makes a lot more sense that not only did Shinji Mikami exit Tango Gameworks, but a priority of his new studio is creating a sustainable pipeline for young devs to launch smaller projects. Honestly? I hope he succeeds. https://t.co/fYUdV2JUne
It feels like Mikami may have seen the writing on the wall. Maybe Ikumi Nakamura, too. Mikami’s priority at his new studio makes a lot more sense now.
Help me ratio Xbox Guys https://t.co/eB4WW5wM6X pic.twitter.com/UccUsUQDZe
The new DLC for Lies of P looks terrible. Oh wait, it’s just life.
rt 🔒 pic.twitter.com/U11p6H4eLJ
Don’t forget Sony had to be bullied by Helldivers 2 fans and the developer itself into not making a really stupid decision that made the game unplayable for regions around the world just a few days ago.
That covers your Evening Reading for this evening, but thank you for stopping by! We appreciate your support, and if you’d like to help out further, there’s always Shacknews Mercury, where you can help out Shacknews for as little as a dollar a month. Don’t have a dollar? Don’t need one to enjoy Bubbletron. It’s a free browser game from Shacknews where you can assemble your next trillion-dollar idea from a daily-rotating array of prompts. Can you get the highest valuation possible for the day and earn the money hat?
Hopefully tomorrow’s a better day, but we still hope you have a good night. Thank you for stopping by.
TJ Denzer is a player and writer with a passion for games that has dominated a lifetime. He found his way to the Shacknews roster in late 2019 and has worked his way to Senior News Editor since. Between news coverage, he also aides notably in livestream projects like the indie game-focused Indie-licious, the Shacknews Stimulus Games, and the Shacknews Dump. You can reach him at tj.denzer@shacknews.com and also find him on BlueSky @JohnnyChugs.

					TJ Denzer posted a new article, Evening Reading - May 7, 2024