"How’s that leaked ffs"
Liam Gallagher has responded to rumours swirling around about Oasis joining Kendrick Lamar at the Super Bowl.
Earlier this week (September 8), it was announced that Lamar would be headlining the 2025 NFL Super Bowl LIX Halftime show – which will be held at the Caesar Superdome in New Orleans next year on February 9, marking the 11th time the major sporting event will been staged in the Big Easy.
The announcement of the ‘Not Like Us’ rapper headlining the major sporting event comes as the Britpop legends recently announced news of their long-awaited reformation, and took the world by storm by announcing 2025 live shows.
Now, rumours of Oasis and Lamar collaborating at the Super Bowl come after a leaked image of an alleged setlist for the event began circling around social media. The setlist includes two of the rapper’s biggest hits ‘Alright’ and ‘Humble’ as well as tracks from London indie band Kero Kero Bonito. The encore sees Oasis and Kero Kero Bonito allegedly join Lamar in a performance of the Mancunian’s track ‘Rock & Roll Star’.
One fan took to X/Twitter to ask Liam himself if it was true that he and his brother Noel would be joining the ‘Money Trees’ rapper on stage in New Orleans.
“Rasta, are you going to sing at the super bowl?,” read the tweet sent by a fan along with the photo of the alleged setlist to which Liam replied: “How’s that leaked ffs.”
How’s that leaked ffs
— Liam Gallagher (@liamgallagher) September 13, 2024
Lamar has not addressed of the leaked setlist is real or not and neither has Kero Kero Bonito. In other Super Bowl news, Lil Wayne opened up about not being asked to perform at the major sporting event which is taking place in his hometown.
Today (September 13), the ‘She Will’ rapper shared a video on his Instagram and explained that he felt “Hurt. It hurt a whole lot. But Y’all are fucking amazing. It made me feel like shit not getting this opportunity and when I felt like shit, you guys reminded me that I ain’t shit without y’all and that’s an amazing reality.”
After Lamar was chosen over Wayne, many pivotal figures in the hip-hop world have argued that the former Hot Boy should have taken the Californian’s place.
In other Oasis news, the band have now updated fans hoping to buy tickets in the private ballot for their final Wembley Stadium reunion shows tomorrow (September 14).
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.