“I’m a Kendrick fan for more than his music"
Lupe Fiasco has addressed the rumours of him allegedly feuding with Kendrick Lamar, insisting that there is no bad blood between the two.
While taking part in an X/Twitter Spaces event which was held over the weekend, the ‘Superstar’ singer was asked about his beef with the ‘Swimming Pools’ rapper. In response, Fiasco – real name Wasalu Jaco – clarified that there is no feud between the two.
“I’m a Kendrick fan for more than his music,” he said. “I like his creativity and conceptualization. And the decisions that he makes. I also like his impact on the culture for Black folks. I like that he inspires Black folks. That’s why I never said I don’t like him.”
He continued: “Cause even if I don’t like all his songs or listen to all his songs — and same thing with Drake — I understand their impact into the culture and I would never, ever, ever — because for me it’s us first — ever, ever, disparage.”
Lupe Fiasco talked about Kendrick Lamar and TDE on a recent Space: pic.twitter.com/qwE3qui4CW
— J The Rap Guy (@JLOVESRAP) July 21, 2024
Fiasco then went on to ask the fan to show him the evidence in which he showed any kind of disdain towards Lamar. “I don’t have a problem with dude. Show me where I’ve explicitly said I don’t like him. Show me that. Then we can move on.”
Elsewhere at the event, the ‘Paris, Tokyo’ singer admitted that he was envious and wished he had access to a creative environment like Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE) the label which originally represented Lamar at the beginning of his career.
“One thing that I wish I had. This is me being open and vulnerable that I’ve always looked at like, ‘Man, I wish I had that.’ I wish I had that creative space that they created at TDE,” Fiasco added.
Earlier this year, Fiasco and Kid Cudi publicly ended their feud and shared that they are friends again. The two rap stars went back and forth after Cudi told a throwback story about the Fiasco visiting a BAPE store he worked at before becoming famous.
In other news, DJ Akademiks recently claimed that Drake is writing his next response to Lamar. The internet personality made the claim on his Rumble channel last week (July 18), where he has reportedly kept in close contact with the Canadian rapper throughout his feud with Lamar.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.