Vory, Slum Village, Babyface Ray, BreezyLYN, and more also drop fresh jams.

	Today is Friday, which means there are a ton of new releases to look forward to from some of your favorite Hip-Hop artists. To help you unwind and enjoy the weekend, check out VIBE’s picks of songs and albums you should hear and add to your soundtrack of weekend festivities.

	Future and Metro Boomin have established themselves as one of Hip-Hop’s greatest duos and We Don’t Trust You feels like a victory lap. Every single beat is crafted with precision and dynamic sounds to complement Future’s versatile approach to music. Whether he is rapping, crooning, or blending the two, Future brings an energy that reminds people how talented he is as a wordsmith and songmaker. 

	






















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Machine Gun Kelly Reacts To "Blasphemous" 'White Rapper' Mount Rushmore Snub		
			







	Obviously, and understandably, the hot topic is Kendrick Lamar’s surprise appearance on “Like That” where he targets Drake and J. Cole and likens himself to Prince, saying he outlasted Drake’s muse Michael Jackson. But Rick Ross’ verse on “Everyday Hustle,” Travis Scott, and Playboi Carti’s standout performances on “Type Sh*t,” and Future’s super saiyan work on “Ain’t No Love” should not get overlooked. – Armon Sadler

	It’s been a while since we’ve heard Joyner Lucas in a full-length capacity. Sure, he’s remedied fans’ fixes with occasional releases since dropping a pair of albums in ADHD and Evolution in 2020, but he’s been relatively mum in the interim, aside from the occasional social media drama. Yet, the Western Massachusetts native is back at it again with Not Now, I’m Busy, a longplayer that reminds us of the breadth of Lucas’ brilliance as a penman and orator.

NNIB starts on a soulful note with “Put Me On,” where the lyricist campaigns for new listeners to his flock, rapping, “I don’t need no intro for you ni**as, put my beat on/ Take them bullshi*t rappers out your playlist and put me on,” atop production by ADHD Productions, Leo Son, and Turn Me Up Mar.

	The project includes multiple jams harkening to yesteryear. “I’m Ill” is driven by a sample of Lisa Lisa & Cult Jam’s 1985 hit “Can You Feel The Beat,” while “When I Need” contains remnants of Xscape’s classic ballad “Who Can I Run To?”. One of Joyner’s greatest assets is his propensity for conceptual narratives, which are provided throughout NNIB, particularly on “Broski,” “Three Little Pigs,” and “24 hours to live,” three masterful inclusions presenting Lucas at the top of his game.

	










	Bolstered with appearances by YoungBoy Never Broke Again (“Cut U Off”), Conway the Machine (“Sticks & Stones”), Jelly Roll (“Best For Me”), and Twista and Logic (“Still Alright”), NNIB is capped off by its riveting titular track, on which its host sheds spiritual layers amid of moment of self-actualization. – Preezy Brown

	Honestly, it just feels good to hear new music by Mac Miller. Posthumous releases can be tricky, but his team and collaborators handling his music have the respect to prioritize his art over making money. “The Quest” sounds like something Mac would put out if he were still here with us. The production is ethereal, loaded with drums, hi-hats, and synths that sound like what you’d hear while walking through a garden with an oasis. Mac raps well, too. There’s just an overall calming nature to this track. It’s a comforting song for a sad day and reminds you that things will get better. Even after leaving Earth, Mac Miller is still relating to us. – AS

Vory and Mariah The Scientist tapped into their Drake bag on the aptly titled “Drake Sh*t.” The production is smack between mid-tempo and downtempo, fusing a backpack rap bounce with a soul sample and beat reversal. Lyrically, Vory embodies the 6 God as well. He talks about how he can’t be in love and get locked down and his lady tells him he “wasn’t sh*t” as a result. As much as he wants to stay silent, he has to get his feelings off of his chest and his autotune croons are ideal to do so. As for Mariah, she delivers a beautiful verse from the woman’s perspective making this overall experience very palpable and in true Drake fashion. – AS

	As Slum Village prepares for the release of their upcoming studio album FUN, the veteran rap group gifts fans with their latest single, “Factor,” a mellow groove that blends T3 and Yung RJ’s musings with vocals courtesy of Eric Roberson and Elijah Fox. Intended for SV’s longtime fans, “Factor” looks to take that segment “back to the beginning,” as it harkens back to the neo-soul-esque vibes that belied the outfit’s early contributions. With a European tour run—which will precede FUN’s release on April 19—and an appearance at the Gazebo Festival in May, the arrival of “Factor” is equally enjoyable as it is timely. – PB











Babyface Ray reflects on how he deals with fame on “Shy Kid.” He admits that the lights are difficult to cope with, and seeks the comfort of a woman so he doesn’t have to be alone. It isn’t all bad; he’s well-known, popular, and making money. However, he acknowledges that the kid he used to be wasn’t prepared for this lifestyle. Production-wise, the record is simple and within his wheelhouse. The record may have been stronger if he opted for something slower and more somber. Perhaps some violins or piano keys. Though it’s not groundbreaking, it’s a fine song with a solid message.- AS

	Since her 2002 breakout single “Bad Bi**hes” and its Lola Brooke and Kaliii-assisted remix, BreezyLYN’s stock has risen exponentially. Kicking the year off with a succession of loosies, the Brooklyn rep continues her tour de force with Hood Mona Lisa, an EP that mixes previous releases with new fare from the project princess. 

	Led by an intro featuring former Roc-A-Fella mainstay Pain In Da Ass, Hood Mona Lisa finds Breezy conjuring images depicting life as a material girl who gets her cake and eat it, too. These sentiments are shared on fresh standouts like “Freaky,” a bouncy affair that casts her as a seductress who wards off broke boys and impotent suitors alike.

	“He like ’em freaky-deaky, but he can’t get the pu**y wet, why the fck is you here/ Talking a bunch of bullsh*t in my hair/ He wanna pull it and play with my hair,” the rising prospect purrs over a frenetic backdrop. Recent holdovers like “3AM” showcase BreezyLYN’s storytelling skills, while aggrandizing boasts (“Custom fashion, b*tch, you cannot drip in this/ I attract money, the sh*t is polygamous”) on “Muney” find her pulling rank and asserting her standing as a top-tier baddie.  – PB

	Kenny Muney is the latest member of the Paper Route Empire squadron to step to the frontline and dole out The Blue Seasons where he announces his imminent takeover. “Don’t feel bad chasing me, can’t lose when you’re chasing Muney,” the Memphis product rhymes on “My $eason,” a rollicking introductory cut that finds him setting the record straight and addressing unsettling theories and accusations.

	










	“Remember Dolph told me, ‘I see it in you, you one of those’/ Now ni*gas down there pointing fingers like, ‘He the one who know what happened/ He the one that got it done, I don’t think that boy just rapping/ All the blogs be playing police while I’m just trying to play with this cash,” he laments, referencing allegations of his involvement in Young Dolph’s fatal 2022 drive-by shooting.

	From there, Kenny shifts the focus to plentiful stacks of bankrolls and lavish living on highlights like “UHN UHN” and “Breezy.” He also joins forces with the likes of Key Glock (“Paper Route”), BEO Lil Kenny (“Bodies & Bucks”), and CEO Jizzle (“Scratch Off”). Expressing his vulnerabilities and disappointments on the solemn salvo “Ion Feel That $h*t,” Muney rounds out a solid collection in The Blue Seasons, which attests to the southern rep’s creative continuity and staying power. – PB

	Flau’jae Johnson attests she’s a baller on and off the hardwood on “AMF,” the floor general’s new single featuring NLE Choppa. “It ain’t my fault they getting mad/ Get out your feelings, get a bag,” the former SEC Freshman of the Year advises over a trunk-rattler built around a sample of Silkk the Shocker’s 1998 single “It Ain’t My Fault.” Bragging about being both a rookie and veteran with hundreds of thousands in neckwear, Flau’jae then passes the mic to NLE, who glides in with a thunderous closing verse to finish off the assist. – PB

	Have we ever seen a faster sample flip? Dee Billz, Kyle Rich, and Jenn Carter interpolate 4batz’s “Act II: Date @ 8” into a sexy drill spectacle on “DM.” The high-energy record broaches the topic of cheating and whether someone’s partner knows. There are also ravenous sex references. While it doesn’t depart too far from their latest offerings, the sample flip adds a cool element to their repertoire. They want to provide sweet spots for fans to latch on to all while delivering their haymaker bars and staccato-like flows. In the end, they get a really fun record with a not-so-fun message. – AS
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.