Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture. She has covered celebrity deaths, lawsuits, and the Hunter Biden gun trial. Erin joined Newsweek in 2024 from the New York Post and had previously worked at News Center Maine. She is a graduate of Kent State University. You can get in touch with Erin by emailing e.keller@newsweek.com. Languages: English
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Rick Ross faced the wrath of Drake's home country Sunday when he was attacked after playing Kendrick Lamar's diss track "Not Like Us" following his Canadian concert.
In a video released Monday by TMZ, a group of about 15 men gathered around Ross, 48, after his set at the Ignite Music Festival in Vancouver.
"You got a problem?" someone can be heard saying as Lamar's No. 1 hit - which calls Drake a "certified pedophile" - blares in the background.
Suddenly, a man throws a punch at Ross, although it is difficult to see if he made contact with the "Hustlin'" rapper. That leads to the group seemingly taking on Ross' entourage as an enormous fight breaks out. The outlet's video also captured several men brutally kicking and punching another man on the ground.
Adding insult to injury, Drake "liked" a video of the fight posted to Instagram.
"Y'all already know this @champagnepapi town," the poster wrote on top of the video, tagging Drake. "Rick Ross smashed out."
Newsweek has contacted reps for Drake and Rick Ross for comment and has not heard back.
Ross reportedly told TMZ that no one from his team suffered any serious injuries from the attack and added, "Vancouver is a beautiful city and he can't wait to go back." He echoed that statement in an Instagram Story pictured in front of his private jet.
"Vancouver it was fun, till next time." Ross wrote.
Drake and Ross have collaborated on several songs dating back to 2010 when Drizzy hoped on Ross' "Aston Martin Music." In May 2023, Ross claimed on Drink Champs that he and Drake were "real close" and claimed they're "in the two percentile when it comes to writers and creators."
But things turned sour when Drake's diss track "Push Ups" leaked online, seemingly calling out Ross and Lamar amongst others. Drake took gabs at Ross being a corrections officer and him only scoring Billboard hits when he works with Drake.
Ross hit back with his own diss track, "Champagne Moments," in which he claimed Drake got a nose job. Ross then continued talking smack about Drake on social media, calling him "white boy" and giving Drake his now infamous nickname "BBL Drizzy."
Meanwhile, Drake and Lamar's rap beef started last year when Drake and J.Cole released their song "First Person Shooter" in which they claimed they, along with Lamar, are "the big three" in hip hop.
Do you have a story Newsweek should be covering? Do you have any questions about this story? Contact LiveNews@newsweek.com
Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture. She has covered celebrity deaths, lawsuits, and the Hunter Biden gun trial. Erin joined Newsweek in 2024 from the New York Post and had previously worked at News Center Maine. She is a graduate of Kent State University. You can get in touch with Erin by emailing e.keller@newsweek.com. Languages: English
Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture. She has covered celebrity deaths, lawsuits, and the Hunter Biden gun trial. Erin joined Newsweek in 2024 from the New York Post and had previously worked at News Center Maine. She is a graduate of Kent State University. You can get in touch with Erin by emailing e.keller@newsweek.com. Languages: English
Erin Keller is a reporter based in Ohio. Her focus is live and trending news, as well as pop culture.                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC