One Tesla Cybertruck owner decided his $100,000+ stainless steel pickup truck wasn't ostentatious and showy enough, so he decided to do the unthinkable and throw it in a sort of "Carolina Squat" mode. That's right, folks – we've got a match made in tool heaven: a Carolina Squatted Cybertruck. It's the stuff of nightmares, and it's very real.
Tesla influencer Joe Fay showed off his Cybertruck mod on TikTok and a few other social media platforms, and it's as disastrous-looking as you think. The YouTube version is backed by Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" (specifically a part where he says the N-word a bunch of times) for some reason. Anyway, people immediately flocked to the comments asking how this was possible. At first, Fay simply responded by saying there was a "secret menu," but a bit later on he posted a full tutorial on TikTok that'll let his fellow Cybertruck owners look even dumber.
Replying to @REEEMAN how to SQUAT a Cybertruck
♬ original sound – Joe Fay | Tesla Videos
First, he put the Cybertruck's suspension on its highest setting – extract mode. Then, to drop the rear suspension only, he went to "Software," held the Cybertruck logo and typed in the word "service" on the keyboard. This unveiled a whole bunch of other menu items like "Chassis" and "Suspension." From there, he manually deflated each of the airbags. Then, he held down the brake and the turn signal button for eight seconds, and the rear suspension dropped. Fantastic. I'm not totally sure if the truck is drivable in this configuration. I'd assume it probably isn't, but what do I know? It's not like I've got a Cybertruck to test this out on.
Fay is apparently not the only Cybertruck owner doing this. A post on the r/CyberStuck SubReddit showed two different Cybertrucks – including Out of Spec's Kyle Connor's truck – Carolina Squatted. What a nightmare.
Anyway, if you have a Cybertruck, please do not do this. I beg of you. It somehow makes this truck look even dumber than it was before, and that's not an easy task.