KANSAS CITY, Mo. (KCTV) - After nearly four decades in the music industry, Kansas City native and rapper Tech N9ne is set to bring a new sound to the Midland Theatre stage.
He was selected to be the first non-classical artist to perform with the Kansas City Symphony on May 4.
“It feels great to be the chosen one,” Tech N9ne said.
The rapper has always had a love for various genres, but he can’t beat the feeling of hearing his songs mixed with classical music live.
“I had my first rehearsal with [the Kansas City Symphony] last week and I was just so giddy to hear all the music for the first time come together,” Tech N9ne said. “It’s one of the biggest things I’ve ever done in my career.”
The symphony also brought in Grammy-nominated composer, Tim Davies to help bring the historic vision to life.
“I was actually really excited when I listened to the music,” Davies said. “There are lots of great epic moments and I could hear the orchestra right away in my head and knew exactly what to do. It is not always like that.”
Davies has worked with artists like Kendrick Lamar, Nas and Common. But he says he’s never experienced such a hands-on collaboration.
“Sometimes the artist might be on the emails, but they never reply.” He continued, “But in this case, Tech was often the first person to chime in. It is great when the artist is that involved in the process (and) makes it a true collaboration.”
The collaboration has been in the works for more than a year.
Davies was tasked with pulling together a song list and creating sheet music for the 63 musicians.
“This is actually what I’ve wanted to do since I was really young, hear a song write it down for an orchestra and then now go and conduct it,” Davies said. “I’m the first person who gets to hear it. When I stand there, it gets to my ears before anyone else’s. It is an amazing feeling.”
“We mesh sonically. It’s amazing! From the first rehearsal I was mind blown,” Tech N9ne said.
Tech says he will perform a total of 32 songs, one of which almost didn’t make the list.
“I had to take Red Kingdom off because the show I gave them originally was too long, so I took a lot of songs out,” the rapper said. “But they said, ‘No. We have to put Red Kingdom back like a month later.’”
Tech N9ne says he plans to leave a positive impression on the sold-out crowd.
“The people who have never seen a N9ne show that’s coming there to see the symphony like they usually do, I want them to realize why the symphony chose me after that show,” he said. “We compliment each other. I want them to go away with that.”
While the rapper prepares for his on-stage partnership, he’s also been collaborating with artists in the studio.
Tech N9ne just announced the release of his new single “Boomer Rang” with Stevie Stone featuring K.A.A.N and UBI.
The rapper will perform at the Midland Theatre May 4. Tickets for the show sold out shortly after it was announced in March.
Copyright 2024 KCTV. All rights reserved.