By SAMEER SURI and JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:24, 3 October 2024   |  Updated:  19:47, 3 October 2024   
 40
View  comments
The wild rumor that Drake underwent a Brazilian butt lift has become a Halloween costume idea from Fashion Nova.
Speculation has been swirling online that Drake went under the knife in order to have his backside enlarged for cosmetic purposes.
By May, the conjecture reached such a fever pitch that Drake's rival producer Metro Boomin released a free diss track called BBL Drizzy.
Drake, 37, then responded to the jab by rapping over the BBL Drizzy beat during a feature segment on the Sexyy Red song U My Everything. 
Now Fashion Nova has taken aim at Drake in promo images for a new Halloween costume piece called BBL Booty Butt Pad Costume Accessory - Nude.
The wild rumor that Drake underwent a Brazilian butt lift has become a Halloween costume idea from Fashion Nova; pictured onstage in Atlanta in December 2022
The item on sale is a set of prosthetic buttocks that can be tucked into one's trousers so that they appear to be popping out of the waistband because of their size.
In the promotion photos for the costume on the Fashion Nova website, the model is pictured wearing a hoodie that says 'Papi.'
Drake famously uses Champagne Papi as his Instagram handle, and the phrase has become inextricably associated with him. 
Although the costume piece retails at $39.99, it is currently on sale at the discount price of $23.99. 
In late May, Drake appeared on Sexyy Red's new song U My Everything and slyly addressed the jabs made about his appearance.
Drake rhymed over Metro Boomin's diss track BBL Drizzy, alluding to the rumor that Drake received a Brazilian butt lift. 
It was a response to the much talked about Drake-Kendrick Lamar feud which erupted when Kendrick dissed Drake on Metro Boomin and Future's song Like That released in March.
In late May's entry of the rap beef, Drake could be heard rapping over the familiar beat which uses AI.
The Take Care hitmaker even addressed the use of the beat directly in the middle of his verse as he rapped: 'BBL Drizzy, they want a new body, they ask me for it.' 
Fashion Nova has taken aim at Drake in promo images for a new Halloween costume piece called BBL Booty Butt Pad Costume Accessory - Nude
In the promotion photos for the costume on the Fashion Nova website, the model is pictured wearing a hoodie that says 'Papi'
Speculation has been swirling online that Drake went under the knife in order to have his backside enlarged for cosmetic purposes; pictured onstage in Atlanta in 2018
Metro obviously had no part in the song as it was produced by Tay Keith who executive produced Sexyy Red's third studio album In Sexyy We Trust alongside Drumatized.
BBL Drizzy was a response to Drake dissing Metro on the track Family Matters released earlier that month which primarily took aim at Kendrick.
The Drake and Kendrick Lamar feud took an interesting turn in May as Tom Hanks bizarrely weighed in on the explosive rivarly in hilarious messages shared by his son Chet.
Chet, 33, who has previously dabbled in rap music, shared screenshots showing texts between him and Oscar winner Tom, 67, discussing the rappers' row.
The texts began with Tom - saved as 'Pops' in Chet's  writing: 'Big Main, can you explain the Drake Kendrick Lamar feud to me?' 
Chet responded: 'Yeah, so Drake and this other dude J Cole been saying they along with Kendrick are the ‘Big 3’ in Rap. Then Kendrick put out a song saying, ‘F*** the Big 3, it’s just big ME’ initiating the beef.
Chet, who has rapped under the alias Chet Haze, added: ;Then Drake was like, ‘you got small feet cuz you’re like 5 foot 5 or whatever.’ And then Kendrick was like, you’re a dead beat dad and made fun of his Canadian accent.'
In May, Drake (pictured in Toronto in November) rhymed over the diss track BBL Drizzy by Metro Boomin - as the title alludes to Drake's surgery rumors
Drake and Kendrick had been feuding via diss tracks for many months 
'But it didn’t even matter cuz then Kendrick dropped another West Coast banger where he really went in on labeling Drake a pedophile that was pretty much the sonic equivalent of when you took .me to your high school in Oakland and we walked in on the basketball game and everybody started going nuts.
'Like if you heard it you would just automatically know how to Crip walk with a stank face while clutching an Oscar in each hand with Marshawn Lynch, then dap him up and tell him ‘Town Bidness’ which solidified the win not only for Kendrick but the entire West Coast.'
Chet continued: 'It was pretty much the sonic equivalent of when you took me to your high school in Oakland and we walked in on the basketball game and everybody started going nuts.
'Like if you heard it you would just automatically know how to Crip walk with a stank face while clutching an Oscar in each hand with Marshawn Lynch.
'Then dap him up and tell him ‘Town Bidness’ which solidified the win not only for Kendrick but the entire West Coast.'
Tom responded: 'Holy cow! Those are fighting words! People taking sides?? Who's winning???' with Chet retorting: 'Did you not just read what I said' followed by three crying with laughter emojis.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group