By
Lil Wayne is taking his talents to a new booth—but this time, it’s not about verses. According to reports, the celebrated rapper and sports fanatic will join the NFL Network’s GameDay Morning as a weekly guest, and kick off his segment this Sunday, November 17, according to the NFL’s announcement on Monday. Wayne is set to join the NFL GameDay lineup, where he’ll share the stage with host Rich Eisen, Hall of Famer Kurt Warner, and a roster of NFL Network mainstays like Steve Mariucci, Gerald McCoy, and Cynthia Frelund. The ensemble also features reporting contributions from seasoned correspondents, including Judy Battista, Omar Ruiz, and Stacey Dales.
During Sunday’s Giants-Panthers game in Munich, the announcement aired at halftime alongside a clip of Wayne taking the field with his cherished Green Bay Packers. Wayne, who released the Packers anthem “Green & Yellow” in 2021, raps in the track, “Once a Packer, always a Packer / Like Shakur, call me ‘two-pack’ / I’m green and yellow.” Wayne’s NFL journey began nearly twenty years ago with a series of blog posts for ESPN the Magazine, followed by a guest appearance on Around the Horn in 2009. His impact continued in 2016 when his track “No Mercy” was chosen as the opening anthem for Skip and Shannon: Undisputed.
In September, Wayne shared that being overlooked for the headliner slot at next year’s Super Bowl halftime show in his hometown of New Orleans, which went to Kendrick Lamar, left him feeling crushed and heartbroken. He stated, “That hurt. It hurt a lot. You know what I’m talking about. It hurt a whole lot.” “I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown. And for automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So I blame myself for that. But I thought that was nothing better than that spot and that stage and that platform in my city, so it hurt. It hurt a whole lot.”
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97