Getty Image
Tons of athletes and celebrities were in attendance at Netflix’s Tom Brady roast on Sunday, May 5, such as Rob Gronkowski, Bill Belichick, Kim Kardashian, and more.
One person who wasn’t in attendance, however, was New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning, who chimed in with a perfect roast on Twitter to explain why he wasn’t there.
“I thought about attending the Roast of Tom Brady last night, but I did not want to Roast him for a 3rd time!!” Manning tweeted the Monday morning after Brady’s roast.
I thought about attending the Roast of Tom Brady last night, but I did not want to Roast him for a 3rd time!!
— Eli Manning (@EliManning) May 6, 2024
The former New York Giants quarterback is of course referencing the fact that he’s responsible for two of Brady’s three career Super Bowl losses, the first of which also ended the Patriots’ bid to finish the season undefeated.
In 2008, Manning was named Super Bowl MVP after the Giants’ 17-14 triumph over the then 18-0 New England Patriots. Then, four years later in 2012, the Giants again got the better of Brady’s Patriots by a score of 21-17, with Manning again being named Super Bowl MVP.
As a result of these seismic Super Bowl victories, Manning’s legacy is partially being Brady’s “Kryptonite.”
Manning’s tweet is just one of the many headlines created by The Greatest Roast of All Time: Tom Brady, as Rob Gronkowski’s typically chaotic shenanigans, Bill Belichick’s burns of Brady (and Brady’s savage response), Brady getting butthurt about a Robert Kraft joke, and Kim Kardashian being the *butt* of jokes all created viral moments.
The Greatest Roast of All Time: Tom Brady certainly seemed to be a cultural win for Netflix, as well, as the event appeared to be the biggest pop cultural talking point of the weekend outside of the Drake vs. Kendrick Lamar beef and the Kentucky Derby.
Given the success of The Greatest Roast of All Time: Tom Brady, it’ll be interesting to see if Netflix picks up where Comedy Central left off and revive the celebrity roast format.