Kendrick Lamar is back with a new song, and it sounds like he’s ready to slip into the next phase of his music career.
You can listen to the song below.
K. Dot took to Instagram tonight (Sept. 11) for his latest release. The currently untitled song begins with the mantra “I think it’s time to watch the party die”, while he seemingly addresses his high-profile battle with Drake.
Get Breaking News & Exclusive Content in Your Inbox:   
Close


Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.



Email













						Submit
					





“The sh*t den got to wicked to apologize,” Kendrick raps, seemingly eluding to the fact that his feud with Drizzy has crossed lines that can’t be uncrossed. He goes on, “Just walked that man down, that’ll do everyone a solid/ It’s love but tough love, sometimes gotta result in violence”.
Kung Fu Kenny goes on to rap for several minutes over a laid-back, simple yet soulful instrumental. There’s no word just yet on who did the production. His cadence is classic and the bars are pronounced.
Shots at Drake are peppered throughout the song, but it also seems that Kendrick may be a bit regretful about how far he took the feud. A little after a minute he raps, “Dear God, please forgive me, you knowing how hard I tried/ I think it’s time we watch the party die.”
Kendrick also gives an ode to Jay-Z in the newly released record. “How many b*tches harder than a lot of you n*gg*s”, he raps. “Will trade all a yall for Nip, I can’t be proud of you n*gg*s”.
On his 2013 hit with Beyoncé, Jay-Z spit, “My baby mama harder than a lot of you n*gg*s”.
It’s an interesting bar, considering Jay has been in a lot of conversation surrounding Kendrick Lamar being selected as this season’s Super Bowl halftime show headliner. Jay-Z’s Roc Nation partnership with the NFL has allowed him to bring black culture and hip-hop to the last handful of Super Bowl halftime shows. This year’s selection, Kendrick, has sparked controversy because the Super Bowl is in New Orleans. A lot of rap fans believe that honor should’ve been bestowed to Lil Wayne.
How do you feel about Kendrick Lamar’s latest song?
10 Corny Drake Lines We Simply Can’t Ignore
DJ Akademiks Hurls Jabs At Jay-Z For Picking Kendrick Lamar At Super Bowl
Lil Wayne’s Engineer Expresses “Disappointment” Over Kendrick Lamar Super Bowl Halftime Gig
Kendrick Lamar To Headline Super Bowl LIX Halftime Show, Social Media Stares At Drake


“Watch The Party Die”: Kendrick Lamar Drops New Song On Instagram 
						was originally published on
						zhiphopcleveland.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.