Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The queer romantic feature 'Perfect,' which also reportedly stars Ashley Moore and Micaela Wittman, was shooting in Simi Valley when the strike occurred.

							By 

	Katie Kilkenny

Labor & Media Reporter

	The crew of a romantic drama starring Julia Fox has unionized with IATSE after a brief picket of the production on Thursday.

	Workers on the film Perfect, reportedly a queer romantic drama co-starring Ashley Moore (I Know What You Did Last Summer) and Micaela Wittman (Shirley), secured a union contract after staging a six-hour strike on Thursday, The Hollywood Reporter has learned. According to a source, director Millicent Hailes — who has helmed music videos for Lil Yachty, Adam Lambert and Young Thug — was sympathetic to the effort, which helped accelerate the process.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Business
			



	
		
					Employees at Austin Alamo Drafthouse Location Vote to Unionize		
			














	
	Business
			



	
		
					California, Once a Mecca for Animation Work, Is Rapidly Losing Ground, Report Claims		
			








	The same source heard that after the crew asked for union representation, one producer offered bottles of wine to union representatives. (An IATSE representative states that the offer was deemed inappropriate and declined.) As of Thursday evening, the Simi Valley production had a deal with the union that was unanimously ratified by the crew. The team was then back to the work the same day.

	All workers in categories covered by IATSE are now working under a union contract, an IATSE representative confirmed on Friday.

	Freenjoy, which has worked on music videos for the likes of Kendrick Lamar, Drake and Miley Cyrus as well as the features This is Me… Now: A Love Story for Jennifer Lopez and Black Is King for Beyoncé, is producing. Steak and Rosé Films and Artak Pictures are also involved in the production, according to the film’s IMDb profile.

THR has requested comment from Freenjoy, Steak and Rosé Films and Artak Pictures.

	According to a logline for the film on the Steak and Rosé Films website, the drama follows the love story of a well-to-do pregnant woman and a younger woman at a “beautiful but shabby lakeside resort in the California mountains” during an intense drought. 
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.