By 

	Ethan Millman


Big Sean and Kendrick Lamar cleared the air on their rumored beef years ago, the Detroit rapper told Charlamagne Tha God in an extensive interview that aired on Friday. 

	Speaking with Charlamagne a week before the release of his upcoming album Better Me Than You, Sean harkened back to Lamar’s diss from a version of Lamar’s Damn cut, “Element,” that leaked in 2019, in which Lamar suggested Sean is more famous for his dating life than his rapping career. Lamar had scrapped that verse in the final version of the album that dropped in 2017.

	“That song came out and he changed that bar, it wasn’t on the song anymore, it was a leaked verse,” Sean said. “I had to keep that in mind because I was pissed when I heard it. He changed that on his own. He probably came to the conclusion it was nothing.”

	Sean then showed Charlamagne a text chain between him and Lamar in which the two rappers talked further about the track.

	“He apologized in a sense for going that far to that shit coming out,” Sean said. “When that shit leaks, people are like, ‘Oh, you heard what he said about you?” I’m not a clout-chasing ass n—a, I’m solid and I stand on mine. We already talked about it, I already got an apology for it.”

	











	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	Elsewhere in the interview, Sean recalled his early days of depression and doubting if he’d ever make it as a rapper, applying to community college as a backup plan instead. 

	“I remember my mom being like, ‘What are you doing?,’ and it was a moment,” Sean said, choking up as he recalled his mother pushing him to keep pursuing his dreams. “It could’ve went either way. I’m just thankful I had these guardian angels in my life like my mom.”
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.