Canadian rapper, Drake and Kendrick Lamar's recent rap battle has been going on since March.  With J. Cole infamously removing himself from the fire while other rappers like Rick Ross and The Dream jumped in with verses ready to go.
Songs were dropping back to back once the brawl started with "Like That"  by Future, Metro Boomin and Kendrick Lamar.  Let's review real quick to check out if the math is adding up. 
Drake dropped "Push Ups" and "Taylor Made Freestyle" in April. However, "Taylor Made Freestyle" got removed from social media following a legal threat from Tupac Shakur's estate over AI-generated vocals resembling Shakur. 
In retaliation, Lamar released "Euphoria" on April 30 and "6:16 in LA" on May 3.
 Drake hit back the same day with "Family Matters," accusing Lamar of domestic abuse and suggesting that one of Lamar's children was fathered by Dave Free. 
In lightning speed afterwards, Lamar fired back with "Meet the Grahams"; hence the problem.  Drake has allegedly figured this part out.  The only way K. Dot was able to hit back so fast was because of the assumed leak.
Drake believed Elliot was sharing details about OVO and his personal life with Lamar because they were both in Venice at the same time. 
Check out Elliot Wilson explaining not being to happy with Drake sending him the rat emoji. 
Elliot explained to the hosts of the show, "I think he began to perceive it as Kendrick being in Venice, and you being in Venice, so he started to see it like I'm just completely against him." Drake recounted, "So when he released 'Family Matters,' I was like, 'Are you dropping this tonight?' He replied, 'Yeah, yeah, whatever lol,' and then he sent me a rat emoji."
Since all the chaos between K. Dot and Drake; Drake has unfollowed the legendary Hip-Hop journalist Elliot Wilson and banned him from Toronto.  
Drop your thoughts... Do you agree with Drake that Elliot was providing information to Kendrick Lamar?  What would be your reaction if someone sent you a rat emoji?