By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:48, 13 June 2024   |  Updated:  01:28, 25 June 2024   
 12
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter has scored the number one spot on Spotify's 2024 Songs of Summer predictions list.
The 25-year-old singer and lyricist — who was swarmed by fans in Paris this week — earned the top slot with her catchy tune Espresso, which was released on April 11.
The songstress, who is dating Irish actor Barry Keoghan, released her follow-up single Please Please Please on June 6.
She performed back-to-back weekends at Coachella earlier this year, and more recently Carpenter played a set at Governors Ball.
Also making the streamer's list are Billie Eilish, Kendrick Lamar, and Beyoncé collaborator Shaboozey. 
Sabrina Carpenter has scored the number one spot on Spotify 's 2024 Songs of Summer predictions list
Billie Eilish also made the streamer's list with her hit BIRDS OF A FEATHER
Compton native Kendrick's Drake diss Not Like Us, released on May 4 in the middle of his fiery musical standoff with the Canadian rapper, is included as a contender
Sabrina brought her talent to Governors Ball in New York City earlier this month, where she paraded around the stage in a jeweled corset mini dress that showed off her petite figure.
The festival appearance came days after the release of the music video for her latest single, which co-stars her boyfriend Barry, 31.
The two play a modern Bonnie and Clyde duo as Sabrina finds herself mixed up in her new man's life of crime — which includes bloody scuffles and an armed bank robbery.
The music artist's forthcoming album Short N' Sweet is slated for an August 23 release.
Spotify's predictions playlist features 30 singles that span pop, country, hip-hop, latin, R&B, afropop and more.
Eilish made the streamer's list with her hit BIRDS OF A FEATHER, off her latest project Hit Me Hard and Soft, which dropped May 17.
Compton native Kendrick's Drake diss Not Like Us, released on May 4 in the middle of his fiery musical standoff with the Canadian rapper, is included as a contender.
Lamar shocked fans when he shared the cover for the track, which featured one of Drake's mansions covered in red sex offender markers, corresponding with his unfounded accusation that the Toronto music artist is a pedophile.
Spotify's predictions playlist features 30 singles that span pop, country, hip-hop, latin, R&B, afropop and more; Shaboozey pictured on June 9
Tommy Richman, a Virginia native, is likely the most unexpected candidate for song of the summer as his smash single Million Dollar Baby went viral upon its release in April; pictured on the cover art for his song Selfish 
Chappell Roan's song Good Luck, Babe!, dubbed a 'queer anthem' by fans, is also in the selection of songs; pictured in February
Shaboozey's tune A Bar Song (Tipsy) also found itself in Spotify's Songs of Summer catalog.
He appears on Beyoncé's Cowboy Carter album on the songs SPAGHETTII and SWEET ★ HONEY ★ BUCKIIN'. 
Tommy Richman, a Virginia native, is likely the most unexpected candidate for song of the summer as his smash single Million Dollar Baby went viral upon its release in April.
He's set to follow it up with a new song called Devil Is A Lie, out this Friday, June 14. 
Chappell Roan's song Good Luck, Babe!, dubbed a 'queer anthem' by fans, is also included in the selection of music. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group