Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The TikTok hit spent 22 weeks on top of Billboard's R&B chart and the news comes two weeks after Richman claimed he is “not a hip hop artist.” He later clarified his words.

							By 

	Mesfin Fekadu


Tommy Richman’s viral TikTok hit “Million Dollar Baby” — the year’s longest-running No. 1 song on Billboard’s R&B chart — will compete in the rap categories at the Grammys.

	“Million Dollar Baby” was submitted for best rap song and best melodic rap performance at the 2025 show. If nominated for rap awards, Richman’s jam would compete alongside hits like Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us,” Future, Metro Boomin and Lamar’s “Like That,” Megan Thee Stallion’s “Hiss,” 21 Savage’s “Redrum,” GloRilla’s “Yeah Glo!” and “Carnival” by Kanye West and Ty Dolla Sign.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	News
			



	
		
					Singer-Songwriter Jill Sobule "Filled The Room With This Whirlwind of Whimsy"		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Dual Lawsuits Accuse and Deny José Menendez's Alleged Sexual Assaults of Menudo Members		
			








	“Million Dollar Baby” spent 22 weeks on top of Billboard’s Hot R&B Songs chart and was dethroned by The Weeknd and Playboi Carti’s “Timeless” last week. Richman’s track topped Billboard’s Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for three weeks and peaked at No. 2 on the all-genre Hot 100 chart.

	A representative for Richman didn’t reply to an email seeking comment. First-round voting for the 2025 Grammys ended Tuesday. Nominations will be announced Nov. 8 and final voting is from Dec. 12 through Jan. 3. The live show will air on Feb. 2 from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.

	The news comes two weeks after Richman, 24, sent a now-deleted tweet claiming he is “not a hip hop artist.” His comments went viral and radio personality DJ Hed responded with, “So every Hip-Hop station playing MDB (“Million Dollar Baby”) or DIAL (“Devil is a Lie”) should stop today. Thanks for the Heds Up.”

	“Glad I got the PSA before I did my radio mix. I now have 2 open slots. What should I play?,” DJ Hed continued on social media. “NO ONE is bigger than the culture.”

	Richman later clarified his words, writing: “I’ll say again, Im thankful for everything. I’m saying I don’t wanna be boxed in. I grew up on hip hop. But I’m a singer.” In another social media post he wrote: “I meant to say I’m not SOLELY a hip hop artist.”

	“Million Dollar Baby” was also submitted for song of the year and record of the year, while Richman is in the running for best new artist. Competition there includes Sabrina Carpenter, Chappell Roan, Shaboozey, Benson Boone, Teddy Swims, Raye and Megan Moroney.

	










	Richman could also land a nomination for best R&B song since Brent Faiyaz’s 82-second track “Best Time,” which Richman co-wrote, was submitted to the category. Richman is signed to Faiyaz’s ISO Supremacy.

	Richman’s other singles — “Devil is a Lie” and “Thought You Were The One” — have reached the Top 10 of Billboard’s Hot R&B Songs chart. His debut album, Coyote, was released last month but not in time for Grammy eligibility. It will qualify at the 2026 show.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.