ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
WASHINGTON, DC - APRIL 12: World Food Program USA Board Chairman Hunter Biden (L) and U.S. Vice ... More President Joe Biden attend the World Food Program USA's Annual McGovern-Dole Leadership Award Ceremony at Organization of American States on April 12, 2016 in Washington, DC.  (Photo by Teresa Kroeger/Getty Images for World Food Program USA)
Hunter Biden is a favorite talking point for those who disapprove of his father’s presidency. Throughout the past several years, he’s faced legal troubles and has been the punchline for plenty of jokes–both good natured and otherwise. Now, the president’s son is the subject of a new song that appears on the Billboard charts this week.
Hip-hop musician Afroman is back on the charts with a tune titled “Hunter Got High.” The track might sound familiar to those who are even vaguely familiar with the musician, as it’s essentially a re-recorded version of his sole hit, “Because I Got High,” only with a few words switched out to make it timely.
In its first tracking week, “Hunter Got High” sold 1,373 copies, according to Luminate. That fairly small opening sum turned out to be large enough that the cut debuts on a pair of Billboard lists.
In an odd bit of coincidence, “Hunter Got High” launches in the same position on two different tallies. The single starts off at No. 8 on both the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales and Rap Digital Song Sales lists.
This new parody–some might call it that–marks the fourth-loftiest debut this week on the R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales chart. It comes in behind new launches from the likes of Kendrick Lamar, Tommy Richman, and Normani and Gunna. It’s the second-highest-ranking new entry on the rap-only tally.
“Hunter Got High” marks the first hit on both of those charts for Afroman. He’s landed on several Billboard tallies in the past, almost exclusively with “Because I Got High,” but that track didn’t appear on either of the sales-focused rosters mentioned above. They didn’t exist when he collected his first real hit, so it’s not shocking that he only lands on these rosters now.
Afroman is currently running for president of the United States, though he’s not expected to be a real contender. It’s possible that his fan base is enjoying this political jab, or perhaps Trump voters are eager to support this track, as some will buy anything that appears to take aim at the Biden family.