e-Edition
Get the latest news delivered daily!
Get the latest news delivered daily!
e-Edition

			Trending:		
Mary J. Blige will bring The Only For My Fans tour to Inglewood’s new Intuit Dome arena next year.
The tour stop, scheduled for Saturday, March 1, is in support of her upcoming November album, “Gratitude,” and will feature singer-songwriter Ne-Yo and R&B singer Mario. Presale tickets begin Tuesday, Oct. 1, and the general sale begins Friday, Oct. 4, at 10 am at LiveNation.com .
“I am so excited to kick off this tour,” said Mary J. Blige in a press release. I have amazing fans and I am so grateful for all of the love and support they have given me throughout the years. This tour is for them, and I cannot wait to be able to travel to all these cities and see everyone. I am in such a place of immense gratitude and peace at this moment, so also having the chance to release my new album “Gratitude” on November 15 ahead of this tour is really special to me.”
Blige credits  Aretha Franklin , Chaka Khan and Gladys Knight as some of her musical influences who developed her own style that fused hip-hop, soul, and R&B. During Super Bowl LVI in 2022, Blige joined Dr. Dre, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, and Kendrick Lamar for the Pepsi Halftime Show at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood where she performed the Dr. Dre-produced single, “Family Affair” and “No More Drama.” The performance earned her a 2022 Emmy Award for Outstanding Variety Special (Live).
The Emmy and Grammy-award-winning singer will be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with the rest of the class of 2024 on Oct. 19th in Cleveland.
Related Articles


			Lenny Kravitz closes the first day of BeachLife with string of hits and a message of love		




			Stagecoach and Coachella 2025: What’s similar and different between the two festivals		




			Green Day fans cheer as band is honored with Hollywood Walk of Fame star		




			Guitarist John 5 amassed a trove of Kiss memorabilia. A lucky few can take the tour		




			50 years later, Kiss legend Gene Simmons reflects on ‘Rock and Roll All Nite’		


Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group