Footage of the incident sees the rapper punched in the face as "Not Like Us" plays in the background.
 Rozay had a rough weekend — but he’s not letting it show.

 Footage shared on social media reveals that Rick Ross, 48, was attacked in Vancouver on Sunday night, following his performance at the Ignite Music Festival. 

 Video of the incident see Ross leaving the stage when he and his crew become engaged in an argument with several others that quickly breaks out into a full-on brawl when one man throws the first punch, hitting Ross in the face. Several videos of the incident, taken from different angles, indicate that the fight went on for several minutes. 

Ivan Apfel/Getty 
 TMZ reports that the altercation was caused by a negative reaction to Ross’ choice in music: the rapper ended his set by playing Kendrick Lamar’s Drake diss track, "Not Like Us," which was created amid their ongoing rap beef. 

 Representatives for Ross did not immediately respond to Entertainment Weekly’s request for comment.

 Ross has yet to address the confrontation on social media but uploaded several Instagram Story updates in the aftermath, where he appears unfazed by the assault.

 One video sees the rapper laughing heartily while sipping champagne and a Monday photo sees him standing in front of a jet. "Vancouver, it was fun, till next time,” he captioned the post.

Getty(2)
 However, the incident earned a quiet response from Drake, who liked a video of the fight shared on Instagram.

 Ross has his own history with the Toronto native, who previously dissed the rapper in “Push Ups.” The track included the lyrics, “I might take your latest girl and cuff her like Ricky / Can’t believe he’s jumping in, this n---- turning 50 / Every song that made it on the chart he got from Drizzy.” Ross clapped back with his song “Champagne Moments,” where he suggests that Drake got a nose job. 

 While those involved remain quiet, 50 Cent has offered a direct response to the incident, reposting footage of Ross exiting the scuffle on Instagram.

 “LMAO THE GREAT ESCAPE! MEEKA CALL THE CHASERS, THEY ARE CHASING ME,” he captioned the video. 50 Cent offered more taunts in a video later uploaded to social media, where he sarcastically expressed concern for Ross. 

 “Hey guys. I just saw a very unfortunate situation that took place in Canada, and I want to say to everyone that I hope that that brother made it home safely,” he said in the video. “I hope that he now has a different perspective and a better sense of what to do and what not to do while you’re out in the world.”

 Holding up his fists, he continued, “That part where that young guy went like — he did this little move and shit and got knocked the f--- out — that does not reflect him. That reflects his camp.”

 Sign up for Entertainment Weekly's free daily newsletter to get breaking TV news, exclusive first looks, recaps, reviews, interviews with your favorite stars, and more.

 The ongoing beef between Drake and Lamar has led to several other rappers weighing in, either coming to the support of one side or condemning the dispute entirely. Last month, Ice Cube admitted that he supports the conflict — so long as it remains nonviolent. 

 “I approve of the beef. I always approve of rap battles. That’s the essence of the game,” he told Shaquille O'Neal' on The Big Podcast with Shaq. "As long as it doesn’t get physical, ‘cause that’s not rap. When it get physical, that’s just street crime.”

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)