Los Angeles rapper Roddy Ricch earned a Grammy Award in 2020, but his trophy was misplaced in a crazy tale of misplacement and, according to the rapper himself, extortion. The story begins with a YouTuber by the name of Prieto Hunters, who is known for making videos about buying abandoned storage units.
In November, Hunters documented his purchase of a storage unit for only $280. The unit contained two pieces of luggage: one that was full of designer clothes, and the other contained a Grammy award for his feature on Nipsey Hussle’s hit “Racks In The Middle.” Ricch also appeared on Kendrick Lamar’s latest album “GNX,” which was released in November. 
Watch Hunters unpacking the unit below:
On Monday, Ricch went live on Instagram to share his point of view on how the Grammy was lost. He revealed that the Grammy was put in storage while he was traveling. But after his assistant got into an accident, the unit was mismanaged and the trophy was was.
After discovering the video of Hunters finding the award in the storage unit,  Ricch said that he got in contact with Hunters so he could get it back. Initially, he claims that he offered Hunters $10,000 for the Grammy, but allegedly that wasn’t good enough.
During the IG Live, he shared, “First he asked me for an AP [Audemars Piguet], then he asked me for $50,000. It was more so about a n***a trying to get clout off of it or a n***a trying to extort me for $50,000.”
Ricch also alleged that Hunters wanted to meet at a police station with cops and others with cameras recording when the award was returned. 
Hunters claimed in a video on his TikTok that he simply wanted to document himself returning the Grammy to Ricch but instead, he alleges that he was met with threats from the rapper and his team when they got in contact with each other.
Ricch denied on Instagram Live that he or anyone associated with him threatened Hunters.
In the end, Hunters got what he wanted and was able to record the exchange for the Grammy. But, Roddy was not in the video, only someone from his team.