By
Thom Donovan
Updated: 
Summer isn’t over yet, but it’s ending soon.
With kids back in school and others lamenting their unmet pre-summer plans, here’s a look at four of the best songs of summer 2024. This year didn’t have a clear winner though Sabrina Carpenter’s catchy “Espresso” looked to be an early contender.
Charli XCX enjoyed a “Brat Summer” but her singles didn’t dominate pop culture as much as her lime-green album artwork and lowercase font. Katy Perry is no stranger to breezy anthems but her comeback singles have hit a few snags and failed to set off any fireworks.
While people debate the one true Song of Summer, the good news is you don’t have to choose. Let this list be your summer 2024 playlist. Save it for the moments when you’re feeling chilly and want to remember that sunny day in Chicago when Chappell Roan faced a massive bubbly crowd filled with pink ponies.
Try to stay warm as the new season cools and, as always, good luck, babe!
Kendrick Lamar removed the gloves and delivered a knockout blow to Drake in this year’s rap war between the two hip-hop titans. On his No. 1 single, Lamar amplified internet rumors about Drake while defending West Coast rap legends following Drake’s use of AI to simulate 2Pac and Snoop Dogg. The simmering tensions between Lamar and Drake first spilled over during Lamar’s guest verse on Future and Metro Boomin’s hit track “Like That.” But the tit-for-tat between Drake and Lamar now appears settled with “Not Like Us.”
Sometimes you gotta pop out
“I Had Some Help” put the pedal down on Post Malone’s country turn. He, indeed, had some help with Morgan Wallen—one of the biggest country stars on the planet. Malone’s music career is defined by his ability to shape-shift convincingly in and out of musical genres. Malone looks and sounds at home in his rootsy drinking song and the accompanying video. “I Had Some Help” enjoyed the second-longest run at No. 1 in 2024, making it a contender not only for the song of the summer but the whole truckin’ year.
It ain’t like I can make this kinda mess all by myself
Sabrina Carpenter turns coffee into a metaphor to describe how her partner can’t sleep because he can’t stop thinking about her. She’s the caffeine keeping him up at night but “Espresso” was also the musical jolt to the summer. Though Carpenter’s hit failed to reach No. 1, it has been streamed more than a billion times on Spotify. Carpenter’s ubiquitous single is a young romance anthem with a cozy hook that’ll be equally amusing when summer ends.
That’s that me espresso.
Chappell Roan writes about a romantic partner who hides her feelings because of collective pressure to be heterosexual. Roan echoes Kate Bush and Katy Perry with one of the summer’s most exquisite pop hooks. The Midwest Princess overcame her early career setbacks when the music business gave up on her entirely. However, this summer’s triumphant performance at Lollapalooza saw Roan performing in front of what may have been the festival’s biggest crowd ever.
You’d have to stop the world just to stop the feeling
When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission.
Photo by Matt Baron/BEI/Shutterstock
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand