Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





After Post Malone let the cat out of the bag, Coachella released their full 2025 lineup.
November 19, 2024: Get ready to rock, rave, and possibly even rodeo at this year’s Coachella. Post Malone will reportedly headline the 2025 festival, April 11 - 13 and 18 - 20. After Malone kicked off his country era in the desert last year at sister festival Stagecoach, he is headed to Coachella as a headliner. We’ll have to wait and see whether he’ll perform country songs after a banner year for the genre in 2024, or whether he’ll stick to his older hits. (A few of his F-1 Trillion collaborators, Luke Combs and Jelly Roll, are headlining Stagecoach a week later — maybe they’ll get there early for some surprise appearances?)
Posty appeared to leak the news himself in a flyer for his “Big Ass” Stadium Tour. The first two dates are set for Indio, California, without Jelly Roll and special guest Sierra Farrell. Bloomberg previously reported that Coachella shot for stars like Rihanna and Kendrick Lamar for 2025, but both passed. Let’s see who else the festival booked down the lineup.
A post shared by @postmalone
November 20, 2024: Post Malone was right, Post Malone is headlining Coachella! So are Lady Gaga and Green Day. Lady Gaga headlines Friday. Seems like a great time to release a new single, no? She’ll be performing the same days as Missy Elliott, Benson Boone, and Lisa. Also coming through Fridays April 11 and 18 are FKA Twigs, GloRilla, Marina, Djo, and A.G. Cook.
Speaking of jumping if A.G. made it, Charli XCX is performing on Saturdays April 12 and 19, under headliners Green Day. Mark Zuckerberg collaborator T-Pain, Jimmy Eat World, horsegiirL, and Clairo will also be there. It’s shady that she’s not headlining.
Sunday is Post’s day. He’s supported on April 13 and 20 by Megan Thee Stallion, Jennie (on a different night than Lisa, is there drama, or do they want to see each other’s sets?), Arca, Amyl and the Sniffers, and song of the summer-er Shaboozey.
Ominously, under the full lineup is the phrase “Travis Scott Designs the Desert,” so, uh, look out for that.
A post shared by Coachella (@coachella)
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?