Shrouded by the thick smoke of mystery and mythology, NOT THE TWOS is a proclaimed industry tastemaker now turning his hand to his own produce. Latest track "BLUEBERRY" pops another layer to reveal a blown out R&B sound that just gets sweeter with each listen, leaving your temples aching with its disorientating, writhing melodies
You may not yet be familiar with the name NOT THE TWOS, but you are most certainly have encountered his sound. As a Grammy-nominated producer, sonic curator, and multi-instrumentalist, he has collaborated with culture breakers from Kali Uchis and Summer Walker, to EARTHGANG and Baby Rose between studios in Atlanta and L.A. His debut single “PARADISE” also served as a cornerstone sample on Kendrick Lamar’s latest record, Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers earning him a rich, overnight cult following. Thus, the scales are conclusively skewed in NOT THE TWOS' favour - for an artist with such little solo output, his name is already well established in industry circles, and further percolating into the mainstream. 
A proponent of letting the music speak for itself, it's difficult to not feel captured by his profound and melodically engaging production, especially when juxtaposed with his sparse online presence. His blend of lo-fi rock and textured R&B, as well as his approach to layering slinky harmonies underneath the rich instrumentation, creates a sonic exhalation of sorts; "BLUEBERRY", in particular, is a downtempo and disorientating descent into an infinite underworld.
"Everything I make incorporates the Black cultural experience and curiosity. I look at making my music like making a film. I like the idea of making a sample sound like music that existed before," NOT THE TWOS explains with a nod to his debut album, JONI, which levitates on the horizon, teasingly just out of reach. "JONI sounds like a coming of age movie in an album. It’s grungy, psychedelic, free spirited. I wanted lots of distortion and the guitar to sound like I'm just learning to play it from my bedroom."
Peeling back his artistic proviso piecemeal rather than all in one go, NOT THE TWOS keeps us more firmly on the hook with each new track he releases
"BLUEBERRY" is out now. Find NOT THE TWOS on Instagram.
Get the Best Fit take on the week in music direct to your inbox every Friday