Lil Wayne joined Skip Bayless on his YouTube program and podcast to discuss the Super Bowl halftime show snub and more.
Source: Bennett Raglin / Getty
Lil Wayne went public to voice his frustration and disappointment in not getting named as the halftime show performer for the upcoming Super Bowl in his hometown of New Orleans. Sitting with longtime friend Skip Bayless, Lil Wayne discusses the Super Bowl snub, Kendrick Lamar, and more.
Lil Wayne joined Bayless on the host’s eponymously named YouTube program to discuss the upcoming Super Bowl LVIII featuring Kendrick Lamar and expressed his thoughts once more at being passed over for the opportunity. Bayless, who shared his disappointment in the Young Money honcho not getting the look, opened the lane by asking Wayne his thoughts on the matter.
 


					Related Stories
				





Lil Wayne Announces ‘The Carter VI’ MSG Concert In June






Lil Wayne Drops The Feature Lineup For ‘Tha Carter 6’






“Did You Know? Hidden Gems About Dreamville Festival’s 5th and Final Lineup






“So generally, I just believe that, for whatever reason, it’s over my head,” Lil Wayne begins, sharing why the NFL passed him over for the show. “Meaning, I don’t know why. Obviously, I believe it’s perfect but I do not know why.
Wayne continues, “Personally, the person I am, I straight look at it like ‘you ain’t there yet, you gotta get there.’”
Bayless doubled down on his disappointment, mentioning that Wayne should get the look to rock in front of the New Orleans crowd as a native son and mentioned there could be other politics and happenings at play.
Later in the conversation, Bayless shared K-Dot’s bars about Wayne in the track “wacced out murals” from the Compton rapper’s GNX album and asked Tunechi to react after he said this was his first time hearing the lyrics.
“I think he meant, I think he saw what everybody else saw, how much it meant to me,” Wayne answers. “He can’t control that. I’ve spoken to him and I wished him all the best.”
Check out the clip of Lil Wayne chatting with Skip Bayless below.
—
Photo: Getty


Lil Wayne Speaks On Super Bowl Snub, Kendrick Lamar & More With Skip Bayless 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Win $125 + Tickets to Key Glock AND Tyler the Creator!								

									2025 Cincinnati Music Festival Lineup Announced								

									Text Club Terms								

									Country Meat Co. Marketplace Becomes the 1st Black-Owned Grocer in Cincinnati								

									WIZ Prom Crashers - Submit Your High School Today!								

									The Banks Goes 21+ on Weekend Nights Amid Safety Concerns								

									Who is Skai Jackson's Boyfriend "Yerkky Yerkky"?								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.