Are the descriptors ‘highbrow’ and ‘lowbrow’ relevant anymore to the world of art? The notion of highbrow and lowbrow art is one originally born out of class, aristocracy, and patronage. Art was once exclusively the playground of upper society, cordoned off and protected from the ignorant masses. It was assumed that understanding art was a skill only the privileged could comprehend.


  But then art opened up to the masses. The main patronage system that existed for centuries was now reduced to small elite circles, and mass entertainment and populist art spread in the age of late modernity. 


  The grasp of control that the upper crust had over the art world loosened, much to their dismay, and in order to preserve the culture and prestige of before, began to differentiate between art of high value and art of low value – with low value being predicated on its base appeal and access to a wider populace.


Louis XIV and His Family, 1711: Art was once the domain of the aristocracy and upper class, influencing modern ideas of highbrow art  (Image: Nicolas de Largillière)
  The concept of value in the arts is still defined and shaped largely by bourgeois values. We have brought a lot of these expectations and norms into our futuristic modern world, yet it is out of step with how we engage with, enjoy, and understand art now.


  As it stands today, it makes far more sense to judge the value of art by looking at its intentions. All modern art will be pushed to commodity, but a genuine piece of artistic expression will not solely be a product made for the marketplace. Is the appeal in the realms of the human spirit or is it calculated to be put on a balance sheet?


Derek McArthur: No, we shouldn’t just ‘let people enjoy things’


  Let’s look at a recent art form that doesn’t carry the expectational baggage of artistic forms of the past. Can rap music ever be considered highbrow? Does the fact that it is a visceral form of street art that chronicles ideas, thoughts, and events from a disadvantaged minority reduce its value as art? That’s quite a problematic position to take, putting barriers and expectations between different groups of expression and favouring the view of the privileged group.


  We can look to the rapper that most people would consider an exception to “disposable” rap culture: Kendrick Lamar. Lamar is one of the most celebrated artists of the 21st century. Critics and journalists heap praise upon him obsessively, almost to the exclusion of any other artist operating in the space.


  He is the only rapper and non-jazz or classical musician to ever win a Pulitzer Prize. Lamar’s music is textually complex, with heady layers of meaning waiting to be uncovered. He not so much conveys his struggles directly as most rappers do, but acts as an intellectual observer who floats above the fracas, only participating to reiterate lessons and morals. Through this, he can be handled in the same framework as more critically engaged with ‘highbrow’ artists, where many of his rhyming contemporaries fail to be considered.


Don’t let taxpayer-funded sex film put off funding daring and provocative art


  As a counterpoint, consider Chicago rapper Chief Keef. The video for his 2012 breakout single “I Don’t Like” saw a 16-year-old Keef and his crew performing in his grandmother’s living room, a consequence of his house arrest for intent to distribute heroin.


  As Keef has grown up, so too has his artistry. Over time, Keef has explored deeply with sonics and has a fearlessness unaffected by the trends and norms of what’s happening around him. He has reached a level of creative sophistication that few in rap music ever reach, yet he lacks the textual complexity of Lamar, remaining rooted in frank, simple street language. The value of his work could easily be compared, but the context and presentation prevent it from being seen as so. Keef is still considered a lowbrow artist, while Lamar has broken through into the accolades of the artistic elite.



  When we look at traditional highbrow arts like opera, theatre, and classical music, things are also different. The current conditions of art have produced a watering down from their original pedestal, where the model of wealthy benefactors that sustained these arts has withered and commerce has become a consideration. These arts often now operate in the marketplace the same as everything else.


  As a means of survival, they have broadened their appeal and reach, but if even traditionally considered highbrow arts could be seen as swimming in the lowbrow depths, is there really much of a case now that highbrow art even exists anymore?


  Culture is always evolving but very rarely, if ever, does it start anew. The value of a work hinges on perspective yet we are still willing to hold onto antiquated constructs that limit our perception and stop us from looking for and seeing intricacies and sophistication that might not be immediately obvious. Perhaps it’s time we finally do away with these barriers and become much more conscientious in all of our artistic experiences.


  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.