Photo: Getty Images
Drake and Future have reportedly squashed their beef months after the explosive infighting that broke out within the Hip-Hop community over the summer.On Friday, November 1, HipHopDX's Elliott Wilson revealed that Pluto and The Boy officially resolved their issues. During an episode of "The Bigger Picture," Wilson said Drake and Future made peace in private during a recent phone call. “I have it on good authority that Drake and Future have at least gotten on the phone and resolved their differences,” he said. "Metro not included. There's no trust there still with Metro, but I do believe Drake and Future are back on the same page. 
Drake and Future's beef exploded after the Atlanta rapper and Kendrick Lamar dissed their former collaborator in "Like That" off WE DON'T TRUST YOU with Metro Boomin. Future and Metro fired another round of disrespectful bars from A$AP Rocky and The Weeknd on their second joint LP WE STILL DON'T TRUST YOU. Future Hendrix, Metro and Drizzy spent the past few months on bad terms until their friend Young Thug stepped in. Before he was released from jail, Thugger recently encouraged them to patch things up in a post on X. ".@Drake @1future @MetroBoomin we all bruddas," he wrote. "Music aint the same without us collabin." 
It looks like Drake and Future considered Young Thug's request, but Metro isn't on board yet. While Future scaled back from the melee, Metro fueled the fire by releasing his "BBL Drizzy" beat and launching a contest surrounding it. The producer hasn't spoken about Drake since then — even after the 38-year-old rapped over a sample of his beat on Sexyy Red's "U My Everything." Wilson says he's not sure how they will reveal their truce, but he's convinced that it will come out in the form of new music. Both artists have released their respective projects within the past few months so we know they've been in the studio. Prior to their beef, the two were reportedly working on a sequel to their popular joint album What A Time To Be Alive. We'll see if they pick up where they last left off.