By ALESIA STANFORD FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:34, 13 October 2024   |  Updated:  16:29, 15 October 2024   
 36
View  comments
Joker: Folie à Deux was quickly booted from its top spot at the box office after only one week and replaced by a spooky new champ.
With Halloween quickly approaching, Terrifier 3 slashed its way to the top of the box office over the weekend. The plot about a deadly clown named Art, determined to literally kill the Christmas holiday spirit in a small town, earned $18.3 million at the box office according to The Numbers.
The low-budget thriller, made for about $2 million and written and directed by Damien Leone, is an un-rated blood fest, which has received a 78-percent rating from the critics on Rotten Tomatoes.  Audiences have 'certified' it 'hot' and given it a healthy 90-percent on the popcornmeter.
Holding on to second place was The Wild Robot, an animated adventure about a robot named Roz who is stranded on a small island after being shipwrecked. There, she bonds with the animals, who are her new neighbors, and begins taking care of an orphaned goose. 
Lupita Nyong'o voices Roz, while Pedro Pascal, Mark Hamill, Catherine O'Hara and Ving Rhames offer their voices to other characters.
Joker: Folie à Deux was quickly booted from its top spot at the box office after only one week and replaced by a spooky new champ, Terrifier 3
The film is likely to be a hot contender during the upcoming awards season, having recived a 98-percent rating from both critics and moviegoers on Rotten Tomatoes. 
It earned $13.45 million over the weekend. So far, the film has pulled in more than $83.7 million domestically and more than $64 million internationally for a global take of $148.45 million.  
Landing in third place was Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga in Joker: Folie à Deux. After winning the box office competition during its debut weekend could not overcome the bad reviews, enduring an 82-percent decline in ticket sales.
The movie collected only $7.055 million, in spite of being in more than four thousand theaters across the US.   
Michael Keaton is still stirring the pot in Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. The highly anticipated dramady continues to delight audiences who turned some $7.05 million to catch the quirky supernatural struggle between the ghastly ghoul and the Deetz family. 
Beetlejuice Beetlejuice ended the weekend in fourth place. 
Debuting at number five is the Pharrell Williams biopic Piece by Piece. The animated story of Williams' rise from poverty to becoming one of the most beloved musical stars in the world is told with Lego characters.
Artists Gwen Stefani, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z and more appear as Lego characters in Williams' musical journey.  The movie was a hit with fans who helped it earn $3.8 million even though it was shown in less than 2,000 theaters.
With Halloween quickly approaching, Terrifier 3 slashed its way to the top of the heap. The movie about a deadly clown named Art, determined to literally kill the Christmas holiday spirit in a small town, earned $18.3 million at the box office
 The Wild Robot, starring Lupita Nyong'o as the voice of the title character,  held on to second place earning  $13.45 million over the weekend
Joker: Folie à Deux, starring Joaquin Phoenix and Lady Gaga fell to third place its second week in theaters earning only $7.055 million, in spite of being in more than four thousand theaters across the US
Transformers One put on the brakes in sixth place over the weekend. The animated adventure starring the voices of Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson and Bryan Tyree Henry crossed the finish line with $3.65 million.
Saturday Night, the story behind the groundbreaking late night show Saturday Night Live, made its way into the top 10, landing at number seven after three weeks of limited release in theaters, earning some $3.4 million.
The historic dramady was directed and co-written by Jason Reitman and focuses on the frenzied efforts to wrangle a rag-tag bunch of comic actors in order to get the very first episode on the air, while creator Lorne Michaels is contending with immense pressure from NBC network executives. 
Michael Keaton is still stirring the pot in Beetlejuice Beetlejuice. The highly anticipated dramady continues to delight audiences who turned some $7.05 million for a fourth place finish
Debuting at number five is the Pharrell Williams biopic Piece by Piece. The animated story of Williams' rise from poverty to success is told with Lego characters. The movie earned $3.8 million via showings in 1,865 theaters 
The movie has received a solid 80-percent ranking from critics on Rotten Tomatoes, but audiences liked it even more, rating it 88-percent fresh. 
My Hero Academia: You're Next debuted in eighth place, earning slightly  more than $3 million. 
The animated adventure directed by Tensai Okamura follows classmates Deku, Bakugo, Todoroki as they lead efforts to ace off against Dark Might and the obscure crime organisation under his control, the Gollini Family.
Transformers One put on the brakes in sixth place over the weekend. The animated adventure starring the voices of Chris Hemsworth, Scarlett Johansson and Bryan Tyree Henry crossed the finish line with $3.65 million
Saturday Night, the story behind the groundbreaking late night show Saturday Night Live, made its way into the top 10, landing at number seven after three weeks of limited release in theaters, earning some $3.4 million
My Hero Academia: You're Next debuted in eighth place, earning slightly more than $3 million. The re-release of Disney's The Nightmare Before Christmas brought some holiday cheer to audiences who placed $2.3 million under the Christmas tree
The Apprentice, starring Sebastian Stan as a young Donald Trump and Jeremy Strong as his mentor Roy Cohn, debuted in 10th place in limited release with a take home of $1.58 million
The re-release of Disney's The Nightmare Before Christmas brought some holiday cheer to audiences who made their way to theaters to watch the beloved tale. 
The project co-written and directed by Tim Burton found $2.3 million under the Christmas tree. 
The Apprentice, starring Sebastian Stan as a young Donald Trump and Jeremy Strong as his mentor Roy Cohn, debuted in 10th place in limited release with a take home of $1.58 million. 
The film looks at how Trump became a real estate mogul in New York City well before he ever considered jumping into politics.  Critics gave it a 77-percent on Rotten Tomatoes, but audiences were more enthusiastic, giving in an 86-percent approval rating.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group