Source: Variety / Getty
Eminem is predicting a sweep in the 2025 Grammy Awards. Kendrick Lamar has been having a historic year with his battle with Drake, ‘Not Like Us’ being the knock-out punch, dropping GNX, arguably one of his most polished projects. Even collaborating with Amazon to have “The Pop Out: Ken & Friends”. This was a moment in Hip-Hop that Kenny brought out the whole West Coast for one night at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California, on June 19, 2024. Eminem has always shown Kenny love throughout the years. In a recent interview, the Detriot legend shared his thoughts on what will happen the night of the Grammys, “It’s very stiff competition. Kendrick is gonna sweep that s**t. … He’s going to, and he should,” Eminem shared in an excerpt from the show.”
Kendrick Lamar’s plans to shut down the 2025 Grammys with 7 nominations, including Song of the Year, Rap Performance, and Music Video of the Year. With 17 Grammy wins already, he’s no stranger to taking home trophies. This year, Kendrick went on a historic run, proving once again why he’s one of the hardest hitters in hip-hop. Fans are hyped to see if he’ll add even more hardware to his collection. If anyone can dominate the Grammys, it’s Kendrick—he’s earned it, time and time again.
 


					Related Stories
				





Kanye West New Rant: J. Cole’s Not Real & Kendrick Fans Don’t Know Rap






Kendrick Lamar AMA Takeover: From Compton To The Crown






Lil Wayne Says Things Are “Fine” With Him And Kendrick Lamar








Eminem Says Kendrick Lamar Will Dominate the 2025 Grammys 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Contact Us								

									About								

									Advertising								

									Top 10 Hood Beverages								

									Rep. Jasmine Crockett Wants To Take On Trump In An IQ Test								

									10 Video Vixens Then & Now [PHOTOS]								

									Ray J & Kim Kardashian Sex Tape Gained $1.4M In Sales In 6 Weeks								

									DIRTY DOZEN: Uncle Ruckus' Most Racist Moments								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.