Want to know more about Papa Keith? Get his official bio, social pages & articles!Full Bio
Future has had an eventful year, releasing three amazing albums in just ten months. Two of these albums were collaborations with Metro Boomin. The two will appear in an upcoming GQ interview to talk about their impressive work together. They shared honest thoughts on their creative process, but the main highlight was Future's feelings about Kendrick Lamar. Kendrick's verse on "Like That" helped the song reach number one, but Future felt left out because Kendrick dissed Drake and J. Cole in it. While this may seem like a strange reason for his anger, Future was clear about his feelings. He believed Kendrick didn't include him in the "Big Three" discussion on a song that featured him. Future stated, "He said 'Big Three' on my song." He was puzzled about why he should be the one getting upset while others didn't seem to care about his feelings on the matter. He found it more upsetting that neither his peers nor fans asked for his opinion on being left out of the conversation. "Nobody cares about what I think," he said, frustrated. Future blamed Kendrick for not respecting him on his own song but pointed out that he had more reason to be upset than Drake or J. Cole. He said, "I ain't part of this Big Three, I'm nobody on my song." He questioned why others were mad when he didn't feel the need to be angry. Fans were left scratching their heads when Future claimed he had no idea about any tension among the "Big Three."
Future insisted he was unaware of any issues between Kendrick, Drake, and J. Cole. He recalled asking, "There was a beef?" and said he didn't know anything was happening. He added, "I ain't never participated in rap battles, man." Fans have pointed out that there was already tension between Future, Metro Boomin, and Drake, making it seem unlikely that Future was truly oblivious before "Like That" came out. Regardless, it appears that the effects of the conflict and Kendrick's verse are still being felt. Keep it locked to 103.5 The Beat for more!