The Canadian actor tried to explain the battle to the crowd during his Seth Smokes the Bowl show on Tuesday night (May 7). 

													By
												

	Angel Diaz


	Seth Rogen concedes that Drake has lost the battle to Kendrick Lamar, Canadian pride be damned.

	During his Seth Smokes the Bowl charity show at the Hollywood Bowl on Tuesday (May 7), the comedian tried to explain the ongoing beef that has taken over the rap world over the past month or so. “There are two very famous rappers right now in Drake and Kendrick Lamar, and they are in a fight right now,” he said in a bit of fan-captured footage. He went on to describe the way the rappers fight by joking, “They write mean rhymes about each other, which is an objectively funny way to fight with another person.” 

	Rogen then started walking the crowd through how this back and forth “started slow” with Drake bragging “you’re not as successful as I am” on “Push Ups” and Kendrick responding, “I hate the way you dress, man” on “Euphoria.” He then arrived at the nitty gritty, warning the crowd that the infighting “did not stop there,” explaining the concept of “Meet the Grahams,” paraphrasing Lamar’s lyrics: “You’re a bad father and should be a registered sex offender.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Pineapple Express star then went on to say Kendrick’s allegations caught Drake “off guard” and forced him to sound defensive while pointing out how “you don’t hear defensive rapping that often … as soon as you are asserting in a rap song that you should not be a registered sex offender, you’ve lost the rap battle.”




			Trending on Billboard		






	Seth Rogen knowing the basic concept and rules of battle rap is pretty impressive. Check out the full clip below. 
Seth Rogen explains the Kendrick Lamar vs. Drake rap battle and says, as soon as you start asserting in a rap song that you should not be a registered sex offender, you've lost the rap battle. pic.twitter.com/yBgXbycdH9
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.