By
Drake’s racial identity is questioned by controversial activist Dr. Umar Johnson.
On Monday (July 15), Johnson publicly urged Drizzy to definitively address his racial identity, seemingly prompted by the ongoing discussion surrounding the rapper’s mixed heritage, which was a focal point during his fiery feud with Kendrick Lamar.
“For my brother Drake, I need you to clarify whether or not you are a Black man,” he began. “Some people are claiming my brother Drake, who I love and respect, that you embrace a mixed-race identity, that you do not embrace a Black-first identity. So, I have to ask my brother Drake to clear the record for me, Dr. Umar Ifatunde.
“Maybe we can have a sit down when I come to Toronto on October 5th and 6th, but I need you to clarify that for me, brother Drake. Brother Drake, I need you to clarify: are you a Black-first Black man? Or do you identify as mixed race?”
He continued: “Or do you identify as untouchable first? Do you primarily identify as an untouchable? Do you identify as mixed race? Or are you a Black-first Black man?” 
“I need to know this, my brother Drake. You have to clarify this for me. Some people believe you only claim Black when it’s convenient. I’ve never seen you do that but I don’t follow you that closely.”
Dr. Umar requests clarification from Drake on whether he considers himself a black man. pic.twitter.com/3I0PZq2Fli
The call to action received a mixed reaction to Umar’s request, with users on both sides of the fence.
“Drake is black when it’s convenient. Drake is black when he wants to act tough Drake is black when he wants money in his pocket. A certified culture culture,” wrote one user.
Another shared a clip of Drake addressing ongoing inquiries around his race writing: “Here’s drake years ago saying he considers himself a black man.”
“Lord, the worst thing ya’ll could’ve done was tell Umar about Drake’s Blackfishing and “rapping to free the slaves” and “whipped like American slaves” slander. [crying face emoji],” commented a third user.
Not long ago, Kendrick Lamar stirred controversy by targeting Drake’s racial identity in a series of diss tracks including “Euphoria,” “Meet the Grahams,” and “Not Like Us.”
As of now, Drake has not responded to Dr. Umar Johnson’s request regarding his racial identity.
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97