Lil Yachty has slippery fingers.
After the rapper appeared to like a tweet that called out Kendrick Lamar for allegedly cheating on his wife, he took to social media to clarify what he calls an accident.
On Tuesday, K Dot dropped the explosive diss track "Euphoria," which took aim at Yachty's bestie, Drake. Hours after the song was released, Yachty liked the tweet that called out Kendrick for allegedly sleeping with white women while married. After people noticed Yachty's like of the tweet, the rapper felt compelled to respond.
"Shit was an accident," he wrote in response to a tweet pointing out his like.
One person informed Yachty that it was "too late" to take back his like, which he playfully responded to with a string of laughing emojis.
Despite his apparent desirte to saty out of the drama, Kendrick mentioned Yachty in "Euphoria," in which he told Drake that the Atlanta rap star wouldn't be able to give him any kind of "swag" no matter how much he hangs out with him.
"Yachty can't give you no swag neither, I don't give a fuck 'bout who you hang with," Lamar raps on the song.
Over the last few years, Drake developed a friendship with Yachty, who was a major contributor to the 6 Gods' collaborative album with 21 Savage titled Her Loss and more.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Rick Ross Continues Campaign Against 'BBL Drizzy,' Calls Lil Yachty Drake’s 'Pen'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Lil Yachty’s Alleged Reference Track Surfaces for Drake Song Everyone Already Knew He Co-Wrote
music | BY Joshua Espinoza
Lil Yachty's Concrete Boys Unleashes Their Debut Album, 'It's Us, Vol. 1'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.