By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:58, 22 November 2024   |  Updated:  00:20, 23 November 2024   
 3
View  comments
Kendrick Lamar surprised and delighted fans when he dropped his latest album GNX today out of nowhere.
The 12-track album features a slew of contributors including SZA, Jack Antonoff, Kamasi Washington among others.
He dropped the album with no promos or fanfare, just dropping a single image on Instagram and X (formerly Twitter) to let fans know. 
On the new album Kendrick, 37, addresses the Lil Wayne Super Bowl snub and debuts a new chapter of the ongoing diss track back-and-forth battle with Drake, called Heart Pt. 6.
One collaboration that has been highly rumored is one with Taylor Swift, whom he worked with on Bad Blood.
Kendrick's work with Antonoff -who produced Swift's Midnights and The Tortured Poets Department - gave fans the hope that another song could be in the works.
But she is not on the album. 
Kendrick Lamar surprised and delighted fans when he dropped his latest album GNX today out of nowhere
One collaboration that has been highly rumored is one with Taylor Swift , whom he worked with on Bad Blood. But she is not on the album; seen November 14
DJ Snake also threw fuel on that fire earlier this week, saying Swift and Lamar have teamed up for a new song. 
But alas, that is not the case, Swift is not on the album, however, it hasn't dampened fans' excitement and enthusiasm with many calling Lamar 'The GOAT.'
What fans are especially delighted with is the surprise drop of the whole new album seemingly out of nowhere – no teasers, no advance promotion, no taking over of his social profiles. 
It was a very Ninja move for the Not Like Us singer.
On the track Wacced Out Murals, Kendrick addresses his Super Bowl Halftime appearance and how many fans feel the job should have gone to Lil Wayne since the game is being played in his hometown of New Orleans.
'I used to bump Tha Carter 3, I held my Rollie chain proud / Irony, I think my hard work let Lil Wayne down,' he raps. 'Got the Super Bowl and Nas the only one congratulate me, all these n*****s agitated, I’m just glad it’s on they faces.'
With SZA's inclusion on the songs Luther and Gloria, she is also now rumored to be as a performer for Lamar's Super Bowl Halftime show, according to a fan account on X.
One fan took to X to list the Humble rapper's accomplishments, summing it up with calling him the 'Man of the Year,' while another fan countered that, calling Lamar the 'man of the decade.' 
The 12-track album features a slew of contributors including SZA , Jack Antonoff, Kamasi Washington among others
He dropped the album with no promos or fanfare, just dropping a single image on Instagram and X (formerly Twitter ) to let fans know
On the new album Kendrick, 37, addresses the Lil Wayne Super Bowl snub and debuts a new chapter of the ongoing diss track battle with Drake , called Heart Pt. 6. Seen on June 22, 2024
What fans are especially delighted with is the surprise drop of the whole new album seemingly out of nowhere. Seen here at the 2023 Met Gala
One fan took to X to list the Humble rapper's accomplishments, summing it up with calling him the 'Man of the Year'
Another fan countered that, calling Lamar the 'man of the decade'
One user wrote, 'Kendrick completely ignoring Drake’s diss track and dropping the Heart Pt. 6 anyways is frying me,' and added a video of a man laughing
Many fans brought up Drake in their comments, adding that Kendrick had won the rap battle and Drake was cowering in shame. 
One user wrote, 'Kendrick completely ignoring Drake’s diss track and dropping the Heart Pt. 6 anyways is frying me,' and added a video of a man laughing. 
Dodger Blue is another song on GNX, which pays homage to the 2024 World Series Champions and features a lyric all Angelenos can relate to. 
'Don’t say you hate L.A. when you don’t travel past the 10.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group