Northern Marianas College President Galvin S. Deleon Guerrero, Ed.D. delivers his remarks during NMC’s 43rd Commencement Exercises at the MHS gym on Friday, May 17, 2024.
The following is the text of the address delivered by Northern Marianas College President Galvin S. Deleon Guerrero during NMC’s 43rd Commencement Exercises on Friday, May 17 at the MHS gym.
THE headlines these days are quite depressing. Everybody’s fighting: Trump vs. Biden, Millennials vs. Gen X vs. Gen Z vs. Gen Alpha, even Drake vs. Kendrick Lamar.
On a more serious note, wars rage across the Middle East, the Ukraine, and Sudan, while global warming, economic disasters, and a growing mental health crisis are taking their toll on our humanity.
These headlines are enough to scare all of us away from each other and into our own little worlds, hiding in fear. But, as one of my greatest mentors once put it, “Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering.”
So, against all that fear, allow me to offer some hope.
Despite all the doom and gloom about climate change, last year, according to the think tank group Ember, solar and wind power generated a record 30% of global electricity, while fossil fuel production grew less than one percent and renewable energy gets more affordable every year. So, yes, the world is on fire, but we are making progress towards putting out that fire.
And what about the economy? During my lifetime, according to data from the World Bank, world poverty has been significantly reduced, from 50% of the world living in poverty in 1970 to only 10% in 2022. In that same time, personal income in the Western world increased from $22,000 per person to $55,000 per person, all adjusted for inflation. In short, less people are poor today than ever before, and more and more people are earning a livable income.
And what about public health? According to the World Health Organization, in 1900, half of all children died in birth, or 50%, but that dropped to just 4% in 2020. In that same timeframe, many major diseases were eradicated and average life expectancy increased from 32 years old to 71 years old.  In other words, far less children are dying today and we are all living much longer lives than previous generations.
So, when we take a step back and look at this big picture, things are getting better. There is cause for hope. But we don’t have to look that far for hope. We can find it right here, in the Marianas, especially at NMC.
To combat climate change, NMC is leading the way with Cooperative, Research, Extension, and Education Services’ regenerative agriculture program and NextGen grant, a growing Natural Resources Management program, and the first ever CNMI Green Growth Initiative.
NMC is also playing a big role in improving our economy. The Small Business Development Center has supported hundreds of entrepreneurs and our Community Development Institute has provided targeted workforce training in artificial intelligence, childcare, and communications. And our academic programs continue to meet the workforce needs of the CNMI by providing some of our islands’ top professionals, like the CNMI Public School System Teacher of the Year Dr. Roque Castro and Bank of Guam’s Garapan Branch Manager Tania David.
NMC is also doing its part to preserve our cultural heritage. In partnership with the University of Guam, we published Dr. Faye Untalan’s “Finu' Chamorro for Beginners.” We also partnered with 500 Sails to offer a Traditional Navigation program taught by Master Navigator Mario Benito. And island wisdom continues to take center stage at our annual research symposium where our students and faculty blend modern scientific methods with rich cultural knowledge.
So, whether it be saving the planet, saving our economy, or saving our cultures, NMC continues to provide hope amidst all the despair of the world.
But nothing gives me more hope than what you, my dear graduates, have accomplished. From our Nursing Program, Ninfa Rabago and Joanne Samson represented the CNMI at the Pacific Non-Communicable Disease Youth Ambassadors Workshop in New Caledonia. From our Pre-Engineering program, Ejay Aguierre was named a 2024 New Century Transfer Pathway Scholar by the Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society. From our Natural Resources Management program, our students again presented compelling research at the 15th Annual Conference on Island Sustainability. From our School of Business, besting over 6,000 competitors, our students placed in the top 10th percentile in the Capsim 2.0 Global Business Simulation Program. And from our 4-H Program, under the leadership of Jody Coloma, 4-H delegates took the stage with some of the nation’s top leaders at a conference in Virginia where they amplified our voices and even recited the 4-H pledge in Chamorro.
I can go on and on and on about the many awards that you, my dear graduates, have won, bringing hope to us all.
But what gives me the most hope is not the awards. It’s not the prizes or the accolades. It’s your personal stories of overcoming all odds to graduate today.
Like Earl Salamat, who had to balance active military deployments and family obligations with his coursework so that he could graduate with his Associate’s Degree in Criminal Justice. Or Jesica Anderbor, who suffered a knee injury that impaired her mobility, forced her to resign from her job, and caused financial instability, but persisted to graduate with her Associate's Degree in Nursing. Or Mark Calma, whose mother is sick and bedridden in the Philippines, whose father abandoned him, and who recently experienced a deep heartbreak. Despite these challenges, and with support from his mentor, Erick Van der Maas, today Mark earns his Bachelor’s Degree in Business. Or Mike Takai Villagomez, whose long, winding journey to the states and back led him to discover his passion for teaching and earn his Bachelor's Degree in Education. Or, NMC’s very own Jennifer Benavente, from our procurement office, who took a 14-year hiatus from school but, today, with support from her family, earns her Bachelor’s Degree in Business.
I don’t know how you all did it while still taking classes in tents. We cannot thank you enough for your patient persistence. You are the very definition of hope.
But, wait, there’s more. I’m forgetting one last graduate, not from this year but from 42 years ago in 1982, when NMC conferred its very first Associate's Degree to this person, NMC’s very first graduate. This proud proa went on to become one of the most inspiring teachers in PSS, launch a business that serves up some of the most delicious food in the CNMI, and has also served the longest term ever on the Board of Regents for 20 years, 2 months, and 14 days. Ladies and gentlemen, this is none other than our Vice Chair and Regent representing the island of Rota, Elaine Hocog Orilla. For her service, dedication, and inspiration, and in recognition of her being the first ever graduate from NMC, I am honored to present Vice Chair Orilla with the NMC President’s Napu Award.
Thank you Vice Chair for having unshakable hope in yourself, in NMC, and in our community. Thank you, too, graduates for showing us what hope like that looks like.
Your hope reminds me of the hope that our ancestors had when they sailed thousands of miles across the vast Pacific on their mighty proas. Drawing from a rich heritage passed on for generations, they were guided by the stars, the ocean, and the wind to seek islands that lie just beyond the horizon. They could not see where they were going, but they knew where they needed to go. It took incredible hope to have that kind of vision, to see what could not be seen. It’s something we all need more of these days, no matter what the headlines tell us.
Indeed, all of us can all learn from our ancestors and from these graduates, this simple lesson. Despite all the challenges that we face, do not despair. Do not lose hope. Have enough vision to see what others cannot see. And sail towards that brighter, better future with all your soul and all your might. As you do, stay safe, stay calm, and sail on.
(This is not a scientific poll.)
Click below to view our latest e-Edition.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: