Manage your account
Vice President Kamala Harris’ 2024 presidential campaign is in full swing and Quavo is getting involved, Billboard has learned.
According to a source, Quavo will join Vice President Harris at her rally in Atlanta on Tuesday (July 30), where he will give remarks about Harris’ commitment to tackling gun violence and running the first-ever White House Office of Gun Violence Prevention. The news comes just one day after Megan Thee Stallion was announced as a performer at the rally.
More from Billboard
Post Malone and Blake Shelton Are Loose and Lovin' Life in 'Pour Me A Drink' Behind-The-Scenes Video: Watch
Taylor Swift Tells Warsaw Fans to Calm Down, Those Air Raid Sirens They're Hearing Are Totally Normal
John Farnham's 'You're The Voice' Gains Attention in Kamala Harris Support Video
“Supporting Harris is crucial because her vision aligns with the needs of our community,” Quavo tells Billboard. “Attending and speaking at this rally is my way of showing that we need leaders who will fight for justice, equality, and real change. Harris’ candidacy represents a future where everyone’s voice is heard and respected.”
In 2022, Takeoff, Quavo’s nephew and Migos bandmate, was tragically shot and killed. Since then, Quavo has remained steadfast in his commitment to gun violence prevention, having been involved with the Office of Gun Violence Prevention since its inception. Last month (June 18), Quavo hosted the inaugural Rocket Foundation Summit, where Harris joined him in a fireside chat, during which the two declared June 18 “Takeoff Day” in the late rapper’s memory. The year prior, Quavo met with Harris at the White House and spoke on a panel about combating the issue during the Congressional Black Caucus legislative conference in Washington.
On July 21, President Biden ended his 2024 presidential re-election campaign and endorsed Harris in her quest to defeat former president Donald Trump. Harris’ likely move to the top of the Democratic ticket has spurred a surge of support, especially among musicians, including Cardi B, Olivia Rodrigo, Lizzo and more. If elected, Harris would be the first woman, first person of South Asian descent and first HBCU graduate to serve as president of the United States of America.
While the Harris campaign has yet to name the Vice President’s running mate, the operation has notably embraced pop music as the election cycle barrels onwards. In addition to explicitly referencing Charli xcx’s Brat and Chappell Roan’s “Femininomenon,” the Harris camp also used Beyoncé and Kendrick Lamar’s 2016 Grammy-nominated anthem “Freedom” as their official campaign song.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart