Since 2008, FICE Gallery has acted as an exhibition of the widespread niche known as streetwear. Think about it, the store thrived through the swag and hype-beast interpretations of the craze throughout the early aughts. The history of the style is traced back to Black and Latino artists in New York through the ‘70s and ‘80s, during the musical transition from disco to hip-hop. The influence of performers in such genres crossed over with the growing relevancy of team sports and skate culture in the United States, leading to the genesis of the style.
The subculture is enjoyed by many and deeply interlaced with class and race, as a large majority of the physical and creative labor in the United States has been done by marginalized people. Even the sentiment behind collecting and taking care of sneakers is tied to the value of work. It signifies a commitment to an individual’s occupation and interests—the same commitment it takes to be an NBA basketball player like Michael Jordan or a world-renowned music group like Run-D.M.C. The trend is anything but trendy; it continues to evolve with the people who actively participate in it.
“As people become more comfortable in themselves, the love for streetwear has grown.”
In the heart and sole of downtown Salt Lake City exists a haven for the most avant-garde of sneakerheads and streetwear fanatics. With a glorious depiction of Mother Mary on the side of the building, anyone with an ounce of style is attracted to the boutique like a moth to a flame. The ideal intersection of modern art and intellectual fashion, FICE Gallery provides retail space for Utah locals to secure stellar new styles and shoes. Emerson, lead buyer and merchandiser for FICE, shares her thoughts about the recent developments in streetwear trends and the role the establishment plays in dressing the people of Salt Lake well. “As people become more comfortable in themselves, the love for streetwear has grown,” Emerson says.
As the name of the style implies, the innovation grows around everyday wear as displayed on the pavement. Given the active nature of Utah culture, function over fashion may be prioritized in footwear. Running and hiking brands like HOKA and Salomon are gaining traction as the “gorpcore” aesthetic takes over the great outdoors and our explore pages. As mindful consumption and sustainable shopping have been en vogue, expect well-made apparel built to last for friends of the environment at FICE Gallery. “What sneakerheads are after is ever evolving,” says Emerson. As per usual, the iconography of a swoosh remains relevant, so be on the lookout for Kendrick Lamar’s favorite Nike Cortez in black and white, alongside the Air Max 90s in varying colorways to match any wardrobe.
“What sneakerheads are after is ever evolving.”
“It’s more than a shoe; it’s a collector’s piece,” says Emerson. What drives the interest of sneakerheads is often exclusivity. It’s almost a competitive sport in and of itself, a rivalry of who can own the most rare pieces or have the largest collection. Some returning patrons of FICE Gallery have personal collections of up to 500 pairs. Other customers may buy two pairs of the same shoe, one to keep at home and the other to wear out. The most committed sneakerheads camped outside FICE for four days to wait for the Sean Wotherspoon and Nike collab released in March 2018. These days, the shop holds raffles for exclusive pieces, making it more accessible to anyone who participates. FICE is on the same release schedule as Nike, meaning they stay updated with the most recent fads and don’t attempt to resell any higher than market price.
Keeping the streets of Salt Lake City adorned in fresh beauty and displaying a multitude of local artists is an underrated act of virtue. In gratitude to FICE, communities of aestheticism can gather for the common purpose of drip. Spend your next Sunday browsing the latest releases from Dr. Martens and Comme des Garçons—it may just be more blessed worship than, well… you know. Follow the shop on Instagram at @ficegallery or visit ficegallery.com to hear more about upcoming art gallery strolls and raffles for exclusive shoe drops.
Read more about local fashion:
The Resurrection Project: QTBIPOC Artists Revive SLC’s Creative Pulse
SLUG Style: Cake Wish
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR  WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
SLUG Mag is one of Utah’s longest-running and most experienced independent magazines. Since 1989, SLUG has given a voice to Utah’s community and continues to expand its coverage in both print and digital media.