Select Page
Posted by Dennis Sellers | May 22, 2024 | MacTech News | 





Apple Music’s 100 Best Albums list culminates today with the reveal of the top 10 albums of all time and “The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill” crowned No. 1.
Apple Music’s 100 Best Albums is a “modern 21st-century ranking of the greatest records ever made, crafted by Apple Music’s team of experts alongside a select group of artists, songwriters, producers, and industry professionals.” Apple says the list is an editorial statement, fully independent of any streaming numbers on Apple Music.
The other albums in the top 10 are “Thriller” by Michael Jackson, “Abbey Road” by the Beatles, “Purple Rain” by Prince & The Revolution,” “Blonde” by Frank Ocean, “Songs in the key of Life” by Steve Wonder, “good kid, m.A.A.d city” by Kendrick Lamar, “Back to Black” by Amy Winehouse, “Nevermind” by Nirvana, “Lemonade” by Beyonce.
I hope that you’ll consider becoming a patron of Apple World Today. Prices range from $2 a month to $10 a month. You can sign up here. Thanks in advance for your support.

Article provided with permission from AppleWorld.Today
Share:
Rate:
August 19, 2019
September 17, 2010
September 29, 2005
October 19, 2016
Smart Spacers® are the Ultimate Table Divider for any table. Conference Tables, Portable / Folding Tables, Rectangle Tables, Round Conference Tables, Round Tables, Assisted Living, Banquet and Events, Clampless Versions, Conference Rooms, Executive and Meeting Tables, Offices, Restaurants, acrylic, rectangle, banquet, conference, club, dining, restaurant, hospitality, section, barrier, screen, zone, Tabletop, square, panel, plexiglass, social distancing, sneeze guard, table divider, divider panels, virus protection, plexiglass dividers, round table divider , Sneeze Guard divider, plexi partitions, plexiglass partitions, acrylic partitions, round table, safety overhang, social distancing, physical separate, 
Copyright 1984-2025 MacTech. All rights reserved. | Legal Stuff | Support: Email or 877-MACTECH, +1-805-494-9797