Jade Cargill and Bianca Belair have become a consistently entertaining tag team with endless marketing potential, but their inevitable breakup will lead to a money match.
When the inaugural AEW TBS champion joined WWE last September, Belair instantly topped most fans' list of her dream opponents. Their staredown in this year's women's Royal Rumble match was electric. The visual of the two was an immediate indication of what could be an iconic feud.
So much so that many viewers expected them to clash for the first time at WrestleMania 40. Instead, they partnered with Naomi to form the "Big 3" and take on Damage CTRL, which has been successful due to its excellent onscreen chemistry.
Nevertheless, WWE is playing the long game here, and it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see this union isn't built to last.
Hip-hop enthusiasts may notice that the "Big 3" is also a term popularized for the three top rappers of the 2010s: Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole and Drake.
Lamar famously referenced it as he separated himself from the pack and kicked off the biggest rap beef of the decade on Future and Metro Boomin's hit single "Like That."
That could be merely a coincidence, but their name may have also prophesied an eventual rift and heel turn.
So, whose ambitions will lead them to strike out on their own, and who will go through the proverbial barber-shop window?
Bianca Belair's Struggles
The EST of WWE is one of NXT's greatest success stories. Over the past eight years, the popular homegrown Superstar has blossomed into one of the brightest names in the company.
In 2023, Belair surpassed Trish Stratus' 2005 run to become the longest-reigning women's champion of the modern era. Yet, the pride of Knoxville, Tennessee has been unable to recapture such a triumph this year as a singles competitor.
The 35-year-old fell short at the Royal Rumble and Elimination Chamber, and Nia Jax pulled off an upset to defeat her in the Queen Of The Ring semifinals. Her latest loss to Iyo Sky from this week's Raw proved she's still an exceptional in-ring talent, but she's not nearly as dominant.
Interestingly, Damage CTRL has remained a thorn in her side since its debut at SummerSlam in 2022. As such, she still doesn't trust Bayley, which could cause tension with Naomi in the lead-in to the WarGames match on November 30.
One would have to assume a common enemy in Jax and her allies could force these heated rivals to team up at Survivor Series. This could plant the seeds for a return to form as Belair gives in to her growing frustrations.
After all, she rose to prominence as an antagonist during her time with NXT, and the role suited her. It would be interesting to see how an updated version of that character would translate to the main roster.
Right now, Belair appears to be the most likely member of the Big 3 to betray the others and attempt to regain her place at the top of the women's division.
However, the few hints of an upcoming heel turn have been so obvious that it could be a red herring.
A Storm Is Brewing
Although it could be time for The EST to do something different, it's hard to believe WWE would pull a 180 on one of its most marketable babyfaces.
Considering her breakout stint with All Elite Wrestling, Cargill works much better as a villain. It wouldn't have been as effective to introduce her as such because she received such a favorable reaction during her debut.
However, turning on to fan favorites and reverting to her arrogant persona will generate heat. It's also a stroke of genius to develop motivations for Belair to turn and then shock the audience when her partner betrays her instead.
After all, Cargill still hasn't been pinned since her debut. She singlehandedly eliminated her from the women's Royal Rumble match, but Jax defeated her via disqualification in the Queen of the Ring tournament.
The 32-year-old has been indomitable on her own, and her hot tag has been the highlight of their tag matches. Even more, she has some claim to a rematch against the reigning WWE women's champion.
To that end, it would be easy for The Storm to say she doesn't need a partner. Conversely, she could argue that Belair needs her because she has been losing without her.
Nonetheless, the two will probably remain a team for the rest of the year because WrestleMania 41 is the best destination for their first one-on-one encounter. The long-term storytelling is also compelling enough to build it up as a non-title match.
Their breakup should officially start where it all began as Cargill eliminates Belair from the women's Royal Rumble match on February 1. This will ultimately lead her to be the first to hand her former friend a loss on The Grandest Stage of Them All.
This serves two purposes. First, it will establish her undefeated streak at the event as proper stakes for a non-title match. Secondly, it would also set up a future showdown with Charlotte Flair for the right to call herself "Ms. WrestleMania."