Drake explains the reason behind the title Hotline Bling
Drake has released a huge folder of previously unseen content which includes three new songs and behind the scenes footage.
Material from studio sessions, audio clips and the fresh tunes were uploaded to website 100gigs, with the Canadian rapper posting a screenshot of the site on his Instagram Story.
The three unreleased songs are titled: It's Up, featuring Young Thug and 21 Savage, Housekeeping Knows, featuring Latto, and Blue Green Red. 
The release, which totals just over 100 gigabytes of data, comes after a quiet few months for Drake following his feud with fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar.
In one of the folders which references 2016 hit Hotline Bling, Drake is seen explaining the song is named after someone he had a romantic encounter with, whose name he saved in his phone as "Hotline Bling".
We also see various clips from the filming of the music video for the song. 
They include Drake dancing in front of a clear background that changes colour, and then watching his dancing back on screen.
Another folder which references Honestly Nevermind shows footage from inside the studio of the production of the 2022 album, in which Drake and his team are reacting to the music.
Also featuring is US rapper 21 Savage, as part of a folder called "HER LOSS", the same name as their 2022 album. 
The folder of 25 clips includes behind the scenes footage of the two of them preparing before an interview, and footage from behind the camera operator during a music video.
Fans have been quick to give their reaction to the footage and new music, with a mixed response. 
Manisha Asher, from London, tells BBC Newsbeat she likes the way Drake has  released his new music.
"It’s quite exciting isn’t it. I’ve always liked Drake, I’ve always loved his old stuff," she says.
"It’s about time we got some of the old Drake back, a lot of his tunes are classics.
"He hasn’t released too much, he’s released the right amount just to give people a little bit of a taste of what him coming back is going to sound like."
And posting on X/Twitter, one fan who was slightly less impressed said: "Why is no one telling Drake one of his main problems is over saturation?"
Another described the release "so bad" and that they were "so done with Drake".
Kendrick Lamar performs Drake diss track five times
Who won the Kendrick Lamar v Drake beef?
AI Tupac track vanishes from Drake's Instagram
This big release comes months after his feud with fellow rapper Kendrick Lamar reached new levels.
The beef goes back years, but it escalated in May, as the two rappers traded insults in a flurry of new songs.
Drake, who has become the face of mainstream pop-rap, accused Kendrick of selling out and mocked his height, while also levelling more serious allegations of domestic violence (the star has never faced such a claim).
Kendrick responded by calling Drake's music "predictable" and suggested he was addicted to gambling and drugs.
He also accused Drake of "colonising" Southern rap culture for personal gain and made (unsubstantiated) claims about his conduct with young women, which Drake later denied.
The song, Not Like Us, broke Spotify records, becoming the hip-hop song with the most plays in a single day, going on to top the US charts, and reached number six in the UK.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 weekdays - or listen back here.
Kemi Badenoch, Wes Streeting and Reform’s Zia Yusuf grilled by Laura Kuenssberg after local elections
Eight arrested in two separate anti-terror operations
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.