Fans are telling DJ Akademiks to “keep the same energy” when it comes to Drake responding to Kendrick Lamar.
Following the release of Lamar’s “Euphoria“, social media is calling for Drake’s friend Akademiks to start the clock. “hahahah ayo @akademiks 23 mins and no reply yet…” one X user tweeted. “Start yo’ clock N*gga. Keep that same energy hahah..”
Akademiks shared the tweet via Instagram in which Drake “liked” it. Akademiks also responded, “Drake is on the Clock.”
A post shared by Elliott Wilson (@elliottwilson)
Drake also “liked” a picture from one of his fan pages with the caption “that’s it??”
A post shared by Elliott Wilson (@elliottwilson)
We previously reported that Lamar responded to Drake’s “Push Ups” and “Taylor Made Freestyle.”  He opens the song with, “know you a master manipulator and habitual liar, too/But don’t tell no lie ’bout me, and I won’t tell truths ’bout you.”
He continues: “The very first time I shot me a Drac’, the homie had told me to aim it this way/I didn’t point down enough/Today, I show you I learned from those mistakes.” 
Elsewhere in the song K. Dot addresses Drake’s “Taylor Made Freestyle” by rapping, “somebody had told me that you got a ring/On God, I’m ready to double the wage/I’d rather do that than let a Canadian n—a make ’Pac turn in his grave.”
Lamar’s lyrics are seemingly in response to 2pac Shakur’s estate threatening to sue Drake after he released a freestyle which featured an AI-generated verse from the late rapper.
According to Billboard the estate sent a cease-and-desist letter to Drake stating that “he must confirm that he will pull down his “Taylor Made Freestyle” in less than 24 hours or the estate would ‘pursue all of its legal remedies’ against him.”
“The Estate is deeply dismayed and disappointed by your unauthorized use of Tupac’s voice and personality,” litigator Howard King wrote in the letter. “Not only is the record a flagrant violation of Tupac’s publicity and the estate’s legal rights, it is also a blatant abuse of the legacy of one of the greatest hip-hop artists of all time. The Estate would never have given its approval for this use.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97