Billy Corgan of the band The Smashing Pumpkins is seen on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" on September 17, 2024 in Los Angeles, California.  (Photo by RB/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images via Getty Images)GC Images
An iconic rock singer says he might be related to a famous comedian.
Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan revealed in a new interview with Howie Mandel that Corgan’s stepmother thinks Bill Burr is his half-brother. The “Howie Mandel Does Stuff” podcast host mistakenly put up an image of Burr behind him, prompting a surprising story that Corgan said he’d never told before.
“About 10 years ago, one of my brothers was having a birthday party, and my stepmother was there... (and) said to me, ‘Do you know who Bill Burr is?,’” the musician recalled. “Now at that point, I had never heard of Bill Burr; I didn’t know who he was. I didn’t know he was a comedian or anything. He could have been the guy down the street.”
Corgan said he pulled up a picture of Burr on his phone at the time and immediately noticed a strong resemblance to his father.
“Bill Burr looks more like my father than Bill Burr looks like me or I look like Bill Burr,” Corgan said. “She goes, ‘I think it might be one of your father’s illegitimate children. Bill Burr might be one of the children that your father sired in his days being a traveling musician.’”
Corgan said it was a true story, adding that his father once told him he had a half-brother named Bill who was born around the same time as him. Corgan said that he may have 12 half-siblings in total, but doesn’t personally think Burr is one of them.
“I think it’s just one of those things. There are just people in the world that look alike,” Corgan said. 
It’s unclear if Corgan’s family or Burr’s family have ever done a DNA test. Burr has not publicly commented on Corgan’s story.
Burr, 56, is a standup comedian and actor from Massachusetts whose credits include “Breaking Bad,” “The Mandalorian” and “Old Dads.” He was nominated for a Grammy Award for his standup special “Paper Tiger.”
Corgan, 57, is a pro wrestling promoter from Chicago who is best known for his work as the lead singer and guitarist for The Smashing Pumpkins. The alternative rock band’s hits include “Today,” “1979,” “Bullet with Butterfly Wings,” “Disarm,” “Ava Adore” and “Tonight, Tonight.”
MORE BUZZ:
Buzz is a daily roundup of entertainment news about movies, TV, music and celebrities.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices