K-Dot doesn't hold back, accusing Drizzy and Cole of "sneak dissin'." 

													By
												

	Carl Lamarre


	After Future and Metro Boomin unleashed the first of their two collaborative albums, WE DON’T TRUST YOU, social media lit up on Friday (Mar. 22), courtesy of an explosive verse detonated by an elusive Kendrick Lamar. On the song “Like That,” Lamar throws several volleys, suggestively targeting Drake and J. Cole. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Future		
					






















	
		
					J. Cole		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	“Yeah, get up with me, f–k sneak dissing/ ‘First Person Shooter,’ I hope they came with three switches,” an aggressive Lamar spews on his guest verse. “First Person Shooter” was the joint song Drake and Cole released last year on which the latter boasted: “Love when they argue the hardest MC/ Is it K-Dot? Is it Aubrey? Or me?/We the big three like we started a league.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Lamar’s vitriol didn’t stop there, as he continued firing more shots at the “Big As the What” duo. “Think I won’t drop the location? I still got PTSD/ Motherf–k the Big 3, n—a, it’s just big me,” he snarled. Lamar then seemingly aimed directly at Drake, saying: “‘Fore all your dogs gettin’ buried, that’s a K with all these nines, he gon’ see Pet Sematary.” For context, Drake’s last album was 2023’s For All The Dogs. 

	Drake and J. Cole are on the road together for their It’s All a Blur Tour — Big As The What, whose title originated from their Hot 100 chart-topper “First Person Shooter.” In addition, the rap twosome linked up again following the success of said track on Drake’s Scary Hours Edition of For All The Dogs for “Evil Ways.” 

	Take a listen to “Like That” from Future and Metro Boomin’s album below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.