By
While chatting with Drink Champs, Common revealed the unlikely party that helped end the beef between him and Drake: Drake’s dad. On Saturday (June 1), Common and Pete Rock stopped by the Drink Champs studio to discuss his new album, Kanye, and iconic rap battles, particularly the recent back and forth with Kendrick Lamar and Drake. Later on, the rapper and actor’s former feud with Drake was also brought up. Throughout the conversation, he eventually reveals how their beef got settled. 
Back in 2012, the pair ended up exchanging bars, reportedly because Common had begun dating Serena Williams. The tennis star is also known to have had a relationship with Drake. “Sweet” and “Stay Schemin’” were some of the offerings resulting from the feud. The two later hashed it out at an NBA Finals game that same year. 
“I eventually saw Drake face to face and I was at a point where I was like, ‘wassup?’ and we had some words and then his father (Dennis Graham), who was there, was like, ‘y’all need to squash this.’” Common recalls feeling the need to respect the elder’s wishes. “This an elder talking to me. This [is] that man’s father. Let me chill out.” 
In other news, one of Common’s other exes, comedian Tiffany Haddish, recently opened up about his new relationship. Earlier this month, Haddish chatted with Hoda Kotb on her Making Space podcast, revealing she was overjoyed for the pair. The comedian noted that she “loved” Hudson and hoped the two were “having fun.” Tiffany Haddish and the Chicago-bred rapper dated back in 2021. However, their romance was short-lived, and they broke up a year later. As of late, he’s been spotted with Jennifer Hudson. 
While Common defends that the decision was mutual, Haddish said it was a surprise. “It’s like, you remember when you was a kid and you’d be on a play date, and y’all like playing, having a good time, and then all of a sudden, y’all like sliding down the slide, and then you turn around and go, ‘Where did they go? Where did they — where’d they go?’” she told the Today show host. She added, “And you see them waving at you and they mama carrying them. And they’re like, ‘Byeee.’ That’s what it was like.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97