After nearly a year of waiting, the big day for Welsh Swifties is tantalisingly close. In just a few days, Taylor Swift will perform in Cardiff's Principality Stadium on Tuesday, June 18, as part of the UK leg of her record-breaking Eras Tour.
The capital is getting ready to welcome the US superstar and hordes of fans from Wales and further afield, with the show having sold more than 70,000 tickets. Fans who were lucky enough to nab the coveted tickets - which sold out not just in Cardiff but worldwide - have also been preparing for months for the night of their lives.
Outfits have been chosen, friendship bracelets made, hotels booked, transported organised and Swift's albums played on repeat. But there's one more preparation Swifties might want to do this weekend - something which you might have spotted from footage of the Eras Tour posted online.
READ MORE: All the surprise songs Taylor Swift has sung so far during the Eras tour
READ MORE: Taylor Swift fans can watch The Eras Tour on a big screen at home
That's right: all the fan chants, dances and rituals, crafted by fans over Swift's 18-year career. As with her previous Eras Tour shows, Swift's Cardiff gig is expected to be more than three hours long, consisting of dozens of songs, grouped into acts representing each musical era of her discography. Check out the potential set list here.
So, there's a lot learn. But fear not, because we've rounded up an unofficial guide all the moves and singalongs you need to know so you can join in - including what to do and when to do it.
'Fearless'
A classic single from Swift's second studio album released in 2008, 'Fearless' will have long-standing Swifties at the concert reminiscing about the star's country pop roots. For this ritual, it's the end of the bridge you'll need to look out for. When Swift sings: "It’s the first kiss, it’s flawless, really something / It’s fearless,” you should put your hands up in a heart shape. This is actually one of the oldest traditions and one that Swift herself started, when she first did it at her 2010 Fearless tour.
'You Belong With Me'
One of Swift's most famous tracks ever - in part thanks to that awkward MTV VMA's incident with Kanye West - 'You Belong With Me' is sure to have pretty much every single fan singing their heart out in the stadium. As with Fearless, you'll need to wait for until the bridge until you do a special move - one that Swift and her dancers will do as well. After she sings, "I’m the one that makes you laugh, when you know you’re ’bout to cry," you should clap your hands twice, in time with the drum beat.
'All Too Well (10-minute Version)'
Swifties will remember all too well (see what we did there?) that the 10-minute version 2019 of this powerful ballad - the truncated five-minute version having been released as part of her fourth studio album, Red, in 2012 - broke the internet, and a Guinness World Record, when it came out in 2021.
There are two traditions you can take part in for this track. The first is to scream out "F*** the patriarchy" at the same time she sings the lyric: "And you were tossing me the car keys, F*** the patriarchy / Keychain on the ground."
'22'
Another iconic song from Red, '22' has been adopted as the unofficial anthem for 22nd birthdays around the world. The chant for this song is pretty simple - you've just got to shout out one of the lyrics. In the second verse, when Swift quips, "Who's Taylor Swift, anyway? Ew", make sure you shout out "Ew!" along with her.
'Style'
'Style' is a track on Swift's fifth studio album 1989 (2014) and is rumoured to be inspired by her romance with fellow artist Harry Styles. The tradition for this song is pretty simple, but you'll have to listen out for its opening at the concert so you don't miss it. Right before she sings the first lyric of the track - "Midnight" - make sure to shout out "What time is it, Taylor?"
'Bad Blood'
Also a track from 1989, 'Bad Blood' is well-known for having a star-studded music video, which features the likes of Selena Gomez, Ellie Goulding and Gigi Hadid. A remixed version of the song also features another big name: rapper Kendrick Lamar.
Though it's unlikely Swift will perform the remix - nor than Lamar will join her on stage for the track - the fan tradition is actually inspired by his part during the song's bridge. After Swift she sings, “Band-aids don’t fix bullet holes, you say sorry just for show, if you live like that, you live with ghosts," concert-goers typically shout out the Lamar's line "You forgive, you forget, but you never let it (pause) go!"
'Delicate'
For such a mellow and dreamy song, the chant for 'Delicate' - a track from Swift's sixth studio album, Reputation - is rather unexpectedly sassy. After she sings: “We can’t make any promises, now can we, babe? But you can make me a drink," fans yell out: "One, two, three, let's go b****!”
This iconic chant is one of the most popular with Swift's audience. It was started by a 15-year-old fan at the singer's concert in Pasadena, California, in 2018, who posted a video of herself shouting it online. It soon caught on with Swift herself, and so the chant was born.
'Look What You Made Me Do'
This next tradition, for 'Look What You Made Me Do' - another Reputation track, which marked a new sound for Swift and split opinion amongst fans - is pretty simple. In the interlude, when the star says, "I'm sorry, but the old Taylor can't come to the phone right now. / Why? Oh, 'cause she's dead," you should scream "'Cause she's dead" along with her as loud as you can.
'Don't Blame Me'
Another hit from Reputation, the lyrics of 'Don't Blame Me' conjure up religious imagery. So it's fitting that the chant for this track has a religious reference. After Swift sings, "Every time you're, every time you're lovin' me", fans scream out, "Take us to church, Taylor!" It was adopted by fans worldwide after one fan recorded themselves shouting it and posted it online.
Whether the chant came about because of the religious connotations of the song or because being a Swiftie is a bit like a religious experience, we're not sure. But either way, be sure to join in with the audience on this one.
You Need To Calm Down
This track, an anthem dedicated to the LGBTQ+ community, features on Swift's seventh studio album Lover, released in 2019. There are two rituals for this tune. The first is screaming your heart out when she sings, "Shade never made anybody less gay" - and is especially relevant for the Cardiff show, as June is Pride Month. The second is, after Swift sings, "We all got crowns / You need to calm down" in the bridge, she'll often shout out, "Let me see your hands", at which point fans raise and wave their hands for the final chorus.
'Marjorie'
Fans will know that this poignant track, from Swift's ninth studio album, evermore, is a tribute to the singer's late grandmother, Marjorie Finlay, who was opera singer. Audience participation for this song begins as soon as Swift starts singing it. Fans typically turn on their phone torchlight, lighting up the stadium for the duration of the track. This is one of the more recent Swiftie rituals, having been created on the US leg of her Eras Tour. Concert-goers surprised the star when she performed the track on her second night in Atlanta, leaving her visibly emotional. It's stuck ever since.
'Anti-Hero'
As with Bad Blood, the fan chant for 'Anti-Hero' - a hugely popular single on the 2022 Midnights album - is also inspired by another artist's involvement in the track. There's a lesser-known remix of the song, with Jack Antonoff's band, Bleachers. In that version, after Swift sings, “Did you hear my covert narcissism? I disguise as altruism like some kind of congressman", Antonoff croons in the background, "Taylor, you'll be fine". In concerts, even though again it's unlikely Swift will sing the remixed version, fans sing out Antonoff's lyric at this point in the song.
Karma
There are two chants fans do for this track, also from the Midnights album. The first is inspired by Ice Spice's part in the Karma remix. Just like Spice, fans shout out "Facts!" after Swift sings, "Karma takes all my friends to the summit."
The second is instead of saying "Karma is the guy on the screen," as per the original lyrics, fans sing out "Karma is the the guy on the Chiefs" - a nod to Swift's boyfriend, Travis Kelce, who plays American football for the Kansas City Chiefs. Fun fact, this lyric-change was actually coined by Swift herself, and it's been lapped up by her fans.
Bejeweled
The chant for this hit - again, from her Midnights album - comes at the end of the first verse. In between the lyrics, "And by the way" and "I'm going out tonight", fans have started the tradition of asking the star, "Where are you going, Taylor?"
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.