Also: Sabrina Carpenter earns her first Hot 100 top 10 single with 'Espresso' at No. 7.

								By 

	Thania Garcia


	Nearly a month ago, Future and Metro Boomin’s collaborative “We Don’t Trust You” album debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and spurred a ravenous back and forth between hip-hop giants — Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole and Drake — that has grown to involve numerous other public figures. The album was part one of a dual release that continued with the April 12 drop of “We Still Don’t Trust You.” 

	This week, the 25-song effort becomes the pair’s second project to hit No. 1 in less than a month. It debuted with 127,500 album units earned (162.57 million streams), according to data from Luminate. Its precursor entered the ring with 251,000 units in its first week. 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					How Indie Film and Los Angeles Can Help Each Other		
			














	
		
					Jean Marsh, Emmy Winner and 'Upstairs, Downstairs' Co-Creator, Dies at 90		
			








	“We Still Don’t Trust You” features the Weeknd, Brownstone, Ty Dolla $ign, Lil Baby, A$AP Rocky and, surprisingly enough, J. Cole. Cole was an active player in a conflict that hit its boiling point following Lamar’s pointed feature on “Like That,” the lead single off Future and Metro’s first album. J. Cole later released — and retracted — his own diss track. Drake has since done the same, dropping a song called “Pushups” and another, AI-assisted single called “Taylor Made Freestyle,” which uses AI vocals from Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg, and references Taylor Swift’s massive “The Tortured Poets Department” album. (Swift’s album will impact the charts in the coming weeks.) 

	Meanwhile, “Like That” continues to top the Billboard Hot 100, sitting at No. 2 this week, while its parent LP sits at No. 3 on the Billboard 200.

	Outside of the rap beef, Hozier leads the Hot 100 for the first time in his career with “Too Sweet,” three weeks after the song debuted at No. 5. It drew nearly 36 million streams and 14 million radio airplay audience impressions. 

	Hozier had remained largely absent from the Hot 100 following the No. 2 placement of his breakthrough hit “Take Me to Church” in 2014. According to Billboard, Hozier had the longest wait between top 10s since the Beatles returned to the Hot 100 after nearly 28 years with “Now and Then” last November.

	Sabrina Carpenter makes her first appearance in the Top 10 of the songs chart after making her Coachella main stage debut over these last two weekends. Carpenter’s sugary sweet single “Espresso” is her highest-performing song yet at No. 7 with 9.8 million streams and 5 million in airplay audience impressions.

	










	Back on the Billboard 200, Linkin Park’s biggest hits compilation album, “Papercuts,” enters at No. 6 with 44,000 units earned and 20,500 album sales. Beyoncé’s “Cowboy Carter” moves to No. 2 with 98,000 equivalent album units after spending its first two weeks at the summit. Morgan Wallen’s former No. 1 “One Thing at a Time” is at No. 4; Noah Kahan’s “Stick Season” is at No. 5, following the release of the record across exclusive vinyl and CD variants; Benson Boone’s “Fireworks & Rollerblades” is at No. 7; and SZA’s Grammy-winning “SOS” lifts to No. 8. Wallen’s “Dangerous: The Double Album” re-enters the Top 10 at No. 8 and Ariana Grande’s “Eternal Sunshine” rounds out the top at No. 10. 
The Business of Entertainment