SOUTHEASTERN N.C. — Li’l Friday is a weekly roundup of events in art, music, theater, comedy, pop-up markets and more.
All events featured were scheduled as of Thursday; however, it’s wise to check in ahead of attending any one. Inclement weather, changes in schedules and unforeseen circumstances may shift for organizers at the last minute.
Red SauceEllipsis, 1502 S. Third St. • Tickets here
Have a love for Italian cuisine? Ellipsis, the new ticketed dining experience from the folks at True Blue Brands, is hosting a night dedicated to pasta, sauce and wine.
The all-inclusive meal includes four courses, plus wine,and takes place from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. There will be gnocchi, served with pecorino, black pepper, mushrooms and roasted garlic, served with a 2019 Irene Badalá Etna Rosso. 
Next will be spaghetti with lump crab meat, sunchokes, mint and spiced tomato, served with a 2016 Coppi Negroamaro, followed by a veal osso bucco course. Tender veal is slow cooked in tomato gravy, served with polenta and lemon-garlic gremolata. It comes with a 2016 Querce Bettina “For Friends” Super Tuscan.
The finale is a sweet course of Bonet, an Italian chocolate pudding served with Amaretti crème caramel, cocoa and rum.
Call 910-769-0763 for reservations or to inquire about other upcoming Ellipsis events, such as the free event Recovery Hour, taking place every Friday. It includes access to $5 martinis and seafood bites (individually priced), such as shrimp or crab cocktail.  
All events listed here and the space is located in the South Front District, formerly known as Mariposa.
OTHER THURSDAY EVENTSCape Fear Civil War Round Table — At 6:30 p.m. the January meeting of the Cape Fear Civil War Round Table will include a presentation by Fort Fisher Historic Site Manager Jim Steele on the new Fort Fisher visitors center and other projects at the state’s most visited historic site. The new $20 million project will open by next summer to serve its more than 1 million annual visitors. The meeting takes place in Elebash Hall in the rear of St. John’s Episcopal Church at 1219 Forest Hills Drive. Doors are at 6:30 p.m., with start time of 7 p.m.
Rain Barrel Sale — Planning the spring garden already? Don’t fret over increased water bills by investing in a rain barrel. The N.C. Cooperative Extension at the New Hanover County Arboretum is hosting a sale until 5 p.m. Thursday. Fifty-gallon rain barrels are $85 — available with purchase via check or cash. 
Ladies Night Out — Champs, cheese, and chics! That’s what Cast Iron Kitchen is hosting Thursday from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m. For $25, each lady gets a Champagne split and to share a charcuterie board, especially curated with gourmet meats and cheese, homemade spreads and jams, and more. Limited tickets are available here. Cast Iron has other culinary events also planned out in the coming months, such as a Creole dinner on Jan. 18 or Galentine’s on Feb. 9; see the calendar here.
Louis. Live At Ted’s, 2 Castle St. • Tickets: $15
Hip-hop will be center stage on Friday night at Live at Ted’s.
Danny Thomas II, better known as Louis., will perform, including tracks from his sophomore album, “Indigo Child.”  Joining him will be his band, the Indigo Children, featuring Jay Killman on guitar, Tyleek Bazil on drums, Joey Lamb on bass and Will Matthews on piano.
The new release follows Thomas’ struggles of self-discovery and transformation. The Wilmington rapper, producer and DJ — inspired by Jay Z, Lupe Fiasco, and Kendrick Lamar — released his debut solo album, “Saturday Night Cartoons,” in 2020, followed by the self-produced “Memories in Retrograde” in 2021.
His band’s eclectic sound sets Louis. apart in the hip-hop landscape. Altogether they blend an amalgamation of sound and will perform from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m.
OTHER FRIDAY EVENTSLame Fest XV — Across town at Reggie’s, rock will be turned up all weekend long. Lame Fest will feature five bands each night, Friday and Saturday. On Jan. 12, Spider Bucket, Austin Glover, Andy Lame, B Gr8ful and Rthbndr perform. Saturday will feature Reason To Ignite, Sean and Her Dilemma, Paper Skulls, The Buddy System and CANN’D. Tickets are $10 per night.
New Hanover County Winter Book SaleNortheast Library Branch, 1241 Military Cutoff Road • Books priced $2-$3
Annually the New Hanover County Library hosts its book sale, to unload excessive inventory. There are books in all genres, fiction to nonfiction, cookbooks to self-help, educational to referential. There are also audiobooks and DVDs for sale, with proceeds benefiting the library system. The sale takes place at the Northeast branch only, beginning this weekend and lasting through next Sunday, Jan. 21. 
Friends of the Library members can get an exclusive first preview on Friday, Jan. 12, 5:30 p.m. to 9 p.m.; new memberships, $20, can be purchased at the door. Hardbacks will be sold for $3 and paperbacks for $2.
Saturday, Jan. 13, hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., and on Sunday, Jan. 14, from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. Prices decrease on Sunday to $2 for hardbacks and $1 for softbacks, and remain in place for Monday, 3 p.m. to 7 p.m.
Next weekend books decrease further to $1 hardbacks and $0.50 softbacks, with hours on Friday and Saturday, Jan. 19-20, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.. On Sunday, Jan. 21, all items cost $0.25, with the sale taking place from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m.
OTHER SATURDAY EVENTSHi-Wire’s 3rd Anniversary Party — The Soda Pop District’s anchor brewery is celebrating birthday number three from noon to 10 p.m. on Saturday. Live music will be provided by Asia Daye, Massive Grass and Port City Shakedown. There also will be a vendor market featuring almost a dozen businesses, including Oti by the Sea, MK Made, Molly Mac, Port City Book Club and others. Hi-Wire will tap some big-time favorite beers and there will be inflatable jousting (noon to 5 p.m.), whiskey giveaways from Bulleit, a pop-up cigar shop, tarot readings and more. Hi-Wire is located at 1012 Princess St.
Beehive Blondes Elvis and Bowie Dance — The King of Rock and the Starman himself had birthdays on Jan. 8 and Wilmington’s favorite blonde duo are spinning their tunes in celebration at Satellite Bar and Lounge (120 Greenfield St.) on Jan. 13. Jess James will be joined by Lauren Jones (Hannah Stewart is normally the other half of Beehive Blondes, but is in the UK). The event is free and there will be prizes for best dressed, homemade birthday cookies and lightning bolt tattoos for dancers on the floor. Party ends around midnight.
FrogWatch USA Training — Want to become a FrogWatch volunteer? Learn how on Saturday, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at the North Carolina Coastal Federation, 309 West Salisbury St. in Wrightsville Beach. No previous scientific background or knowledge is required; volunteers learn how to conduct listening sessions four times a year in order to distinguish regional frog and toad species. Participants — this training is for adults, but youth 10 and up can attend with an adult — will join a community of citizen scientists nationwide that record data and monitor amphibious behaviors to help scientists study various populations, habitat ranges and environmental impacts. Upon completion, they’ll be FrogWatch USA volunteers. A second session, Jan. 14, 1 p.m. to 2 p.m., will help with practicing protocol and knowledge assessment. It’s free but registration is required here.
Out of the Shadows: Photography by Meg McGrewArt in Bloom Gallery, 6866 Main St. in Mayfaire • Free
With live music by jazz guitarist Roger Davis, Art in Bloom is hosting a new exhibit featuring the artwork of photographer and digital artist Meg McGrew. The opening takes place Sunday, 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. 
McGrew has a proclivity for shadows and this show leans into her lifelong appreciation of them. According to exhibit info provided by Art in Bloom, “Out of the Shadows” also touches on McGrew’s darker past, particularly trauma that arose from a severe vehicle accident that took place in August 2016. McGrew struggled with continuing with her art after the crash, however, one day while sitting in her wheelchair viewing the shadows on the wall, she reached for her camera. 
The exhibition, on display through Feb. 25, highlights shadows in some form or fashion, which have been digitally altered by McGrew.
“Light and dark. Day and night,” McGrew said in her artist statement, “I now have a deeper appreciation of the way shadows can accentuate the light in the image and in my life.
OTHER SUNDAY EVENTSCackle — A comedy showcase at Fermental, located at 600 S. 17th St. in the Cargo District, will take place at 7 p.m. The event is hosted by Lisa Buck and includes comics Steve Marcinowski, MT Bottles and Juliet Ramsey. It’s family- and pet-friendly with free on-street parking.
Bill’s Brewing Chili Cookoff — The community is welcome to come together and bring forth their best crockpot of chili for the 11th annual Love is Bald Chili Cook-Off. Just whip up your favorite recipe and check in at Capt’n Bill’s new space, The Warehouse at 107 Cinema Drive, by noon; judging starts at 1 p.m. It’s a $20 entry fee to participate and $10 to judge, with a beer tasting available for $5. All money goes toward Love is Bald, a nonprofit that formed in 2010 and has helped countless local families in the battle against cancer through donations to recipients such as Pink Heals Cape Fear, Steve Haydu Lo Tide Run, Lump to Laughter, Hope Abounds and Hoggard High School Scholarship Fund. The event also encourages participants to bring canned goods for a food drive for Food Bank of Central and Eastern North Carolina. and for a chance to win LIB swag.
Tips or comments? Email info@localdailymedia.com.
Want to read more from PCD? Subscribe now and then sign up for our morning newsletter, Wilmington Wire, and get the headlines delivered to your inbox every morning.
This page is available to subscribers. Click here to sign in or get access.
NEW options to keep reading! Buy one-time credits or subscribe now. Already a subscriber? Just login to keep reading.
Port City Daily is your online newspaper dedicated to the Cape Fear region.

Contact Us: We want to hear from you! Please send us an email at: info@portcitydaily.com
© 2025 PortCity Daily  | Website by Web Publisher PRO