Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
The night's winners included Kendrick Lamar, Travis Scott and Future & Metro Boomin.
Source: Aaron J. Thornton / Getty
This year’s edition of the BET Hip-Hop Awards showcased the genre’s best, with Kendrick Lamar showing out as the top winner.
On Tuesday (October 15), the 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards was aired on the network, with Fat Joe serving as the host. The event took place at Drai’s Las Vegas, and it was the scene for some of Hip-Hop’s notable stars to walk away with coveted awards including the night’s top winners, Kendrick Lamar and Megan Thee Stallion. Kendrick Lamar, who wasn’t in attendance, snagged eight awards including Hip-Hop Artist of The Year, Song of The Year, and Best Hip-Hop Video of The Year for his smash hit “Not Like Us”. His 12 nominations were tied only by Megan Thee Stallion.
Travis Scott received the “I Am Hip-Hop” Award and was on hand to accept his trophy. “I always had this vision, to this day, to take the sound to the next level,” he said in his speech, emphasizing how much the award meant to him and his career.
The award for Album of The Year went to Nicki Minaj for Pink Friday 2, making her the first female artist to secure that victory. She wasn’t present at the event, in part due to her contentious history with the network over a since-deleted post mocking her after a Grammy win by her rival Cardi B on X, formerly Twitter back in 2019. Nicki Minaj did share a meme after her win was announced, showing Chucky from the Child’s Play movies biting on a woman’s arm.
Other winners of the night included Future and Metro Boomin, who won Best Duo or Group and also for Best Collaboration for the “Like That” track featuring Kendrick Lamar. The Alchemist took home the honors for Producer of The Year and DJ of The Year, while the legendary Missy Elliott won the award for Best Live Performer. Sexxy Red won the award for Best Breakthrough Hip-Hop Artist and Shannon Sharpe’s Club Shay Shay snagged the Best Podcast Award.


A Look At The 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards Winners 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.