St. Louis American
Stay Informed, Stay Empowered in STL
Subscribe to The St. Louis American‘s free weekly newsletter for critical stories, community voices, and insights that matter.
When music superstar Metro Boomin began presenting Christmas giveaways to benefit single mothers and their children, he was hardly a household name. One of the first was held in the multipurpose room of Greater Bethlehem Baptist Church, a small but mighty congregation located across from Reliable Funeral Home in Midtown.
“One day, We’re gonna do this at The Dome,” Metro said. The North County native, born Leland Tyler Wayne, was emerging as one of the hottest producers on the Atlanta hip hop scene. But he was still early in his career. In fact, Metro was barely out of his teens.
Less than a decade later, Metro presented his Single Moms Are The Real Superheroes Holiday Soiree at Stifel Theatre on Sunday, December 15. The goal he declared back then no longer seems so lofty.
“I was always confident that my career would grow year after year – and that meant my resources would grow year after year, and I would be able to do more,” Metro said. “I always saw this as a thing that would continually get bigger and bigger.”
Metro’s career has ascended to the point where he is in position to sweep the Rap category at the 67th Grammy Awards in February. Thanks to “We Don’t Trust You,” (his joint album with Future) Metro is up for “Best Rap Performance,” “Best Melodic Rap Performance,” “Best Rap Song” and “Best Rap Album.” And a seemingly innocuous jab by Kendrick Lamar on Future and Metro’s track “Like That” ignited the spiciest rap beef (so far) of the 21st century between Lamar and Drake – and led to Lamar’s seven Grammy nominations this year.

			Thank you for supporting local Black journalism!		
Being a Christmas blessing feels greater than any gift he could receive, so much so that it was hard to find the words to describe his joy – even though it was written all over his face.
“Seeing that relief that comes over them – that same relief I saw come over my mother – knowing how that feels…man,” Metro said.
“I’m always meeting so many of these women and hearing their stories. They tell me how these things helped them in such a make or break way. It makes me want to do more.”
Along with dinner and a surprise performance by Nelly and City of The St. Lunatics, a part of Sunday night’s festivities was the official launch of the Leslie Joanne Foundation. It will be facilitated by Rung for Women.
The foundation is named in honor of Metro’s mother, Leslie Joanne Wayne – who he lost to domestic violence two years ago. At last year’s event, he was given the key to the city. And December 14, 2023 was declared “Leland ‘Metro Boomin Wayne Day” and “Leslie Joanne Single Mothers and Caregivers Appreciation Day.” 
This year, hundreds of single mothers were given purple capes to wear as they were thanked for being the backbones of their families.
“I hail from a single mother, who sacrificed so much to make sure that we had everything,” said Nancy Dalton, director of Amazon Access – one of the evening’s sponsors.
 “It was to the point where she would not eat to make sure that we all had enough. I know so many of you out there are making those same sacrifices for your children as well. We see you. We lift you up and we honor you. What we are doing tonight is only a fraction of what you deserve.” Other sponsors included Republic Records, Bravado, St. Louis City SC, Live Nation, St. Louis Cardinals. The St. Louis Blues, Stifel.
iHeartMedia personality and program director BJ The DJ announced the winner of Metro’s “Super Single Mom of the Year,” which was orchestrated by 100.3 The Beat. Janae Phillps became overcome with emotions when she realized it was her submission BJ The DJ was reading.  Phillips had to move back in with her mother due to the cost of continuing her education – and she thought finances wouldn’t allow her to give her children Christmas gifts. 
“My boys are so mature and understanding to the point where it didn’t even bother them, because they know if circumstances were different, mama would make it happen,” Phillips said after Metro crowned her with a tiara
 “Life is ‘lifing’ right now, but I continue to keep God first. My daughter is three, so she really don’t understand. I’ve been a single mother for 15 years and it’s by far the hardest thing I’ve ever done,” Phillips said during her acceptance speech.
“I still wouldn’t trade my babies for the world.”
Living It content is produced in partnership with Regional Arts Commission.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Δ
2315 Pine StreetSt. Louis, MO 63103Phone: (314) 533-8000Email: editor@stlamerican.com

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

https://www.stlamerican.com/. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.