The comment section shared mixed reactions.

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

50 Cent shared new photos with Drake, hinting at a creative collaboration between the two, as the Canadian musician’s beef with Kendrick Lamar still lingers. On Sunday (July 21), the G-Unit boss took to social media to update fans on his and the “Hotline Bling” performer’s potential business move. 

	“Brain [brain emoji] storming last night me and @champagnepapi gonna get the [camera emoji] rolling biggest ting on your TV GLG,” wrote the 49-year-old. “GreenLightGang” signals that the collaborative effort would likely be on the silver screen. 

	










	The comment section was filled with varying opinions from excitement and joy to fans bringing 50 Cent’s relationship with Kendrick Lamar into the mix. Some just commented the lyrics from Kendrick Lamar’s chart-topping “Not Like Us.”

	“You can’t do ja rule like that and go hang with the modern day ja rule,” wrote one Instagram user.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					The Flenory Saga Continues In 'BMF' Season Four Trailer		
			







	“Never seen Drake with 50 Cent in my life before this lol” added another comment. 

	“Kendrick turned Drake back into an actor yo that’s wild,” shared another fan. 

	“This weird as hell to me because if you fraternize with the enemy 50 cutting you loose. This applied to his own son as well. But Kendrick cool with Dre who cool with Eminem who just so happens to be 50 main man yet here he is Green lighting sh*t with Drake. Practice what you preach ni**a,” elaborated a comment. 

	In May, Drake hinted at being done with the rap beef against the Compton rhymer after weeks of back-and-forth disses. On his story, he shared, “Summer vibes up next.”

	Kendrick Lamar continued the success of “Not Like Us” following a live-streamed performance of the diss record with a music video featuring cameos from Mustard, DeMar DeRozan, Tommy the Clown, Ab-Soul, Jay Rock, ScHoolboy Q, Punch, Top Dawg, and Punch. Lamar’s fiancée, Whitney Alford, and their children also appear in the clip. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.