DJ Akademiks seems to be admitting that Drake might not be as mighty as he once was following his feud with Kendrick Lamar.
The 33-year-old media personality and fierce advocate for Drizzy, 37, shared the admission during a livestream on Friday while reacting to 37-year-old K.Dot’s “Not Like Us” music video.
“I think, you know, no pun intended, Drake's wings slightly feel clipped,” said Akademiks of Drizzy. “The Drake stimulus package right now doesn't exist. So Drake going on Camila Cabello’s track didn't do nothing. That's a fact.”
Ak is referring to Cabello, 27, and Drake’s collaboration “Hot Uptown” and the solo Drizzy interlude “Uuugly” that appear on her latest album C,XOXO, which arrived last Friday.
It’s too soon to say how the songs will fare on Billboard’s Hot 100 chart, but the songs have seen a modest reception on the more immediate Spotify charts. Per X microblog Chart Data, “Hot Uptown” debuted at No. 149 with 1.5 million streams on Spotify’s global chart while “Uuugly” bowed at No. 130 with over 461,000 streams on the U.S. chart.
Prior to that, “U My Everything,” his collab with Sexyy Red, 26, that featured a sample of 30-year-old Metro Boomin’s remix of “BBL Drizzy,” peaked at No. 44 on Billboard’s Hot 100 chart. Their prior joint effort, “Rich Baby Daddy” with SZA, saw a higher peak at No. 11.
Meanwhile, Dot’s “Not Like Us,” which debuted at No. 1 when it was released in May, is holding steady at No. 3 on the Hot 100 for the week of July 6.
With the music video for the latest West Coast anthem finally out as of July 4, Lamar could possibly dethrone Post Malone, 29, and Morgan Wallen, 31, who currently sit at the top of the charts with “I Had Some Help.”
Akademiks also weighed in on the highly-anticipated music video on X, writing, "Watchin this Not Like Us video. He did give everybody a look. Pretty good video ngl."
It's still early to determine if the ongoing feud between Drake and Kendrick will have lasting repercussions on Drake's career. However, Drake has hinted that “summer vibes” are on the way and teased that new music with 31-year-old PARTYNEXTDOOR is coming “real soon.”
music | BY Joe Price
Every Reference in Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” Video
music | BY Peter A. Berry
How the Rap War Is Manipulating the Rap Media War
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Camila Cabello Says It's 'Frustrating' to Watch Drake and Kendrick Lamar Feud, Suggests They 'Go to Dinner'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.