Hip-Hop Wired returns with our best Hip-Hop albums of 2024, featuring artists from the East Coast, West Coast, and all points between.
Source: Dragos Condrea / Getty
Year-end album lists are a gift and a curse for a Hip-Hop and music journalist because we’re never going to hear all of the hundreds of projects that dropped over the past 365 days. However, Hip-Hop Wired is attempting the impossible to deliver our favorite Hip-Hop projects of 2024.
Breaking the wall here, I want it known that I might be a man of a certain age but I never turned my back on the music and culture that, quite frankly, has given me so much as a writer and participant. Just like some people grew out of loving Hip-Hop, that has never happened with me. Each year, I’m discovering more and more acts that release music that speaks to me and I enjoy the hunt of digging in the crates, even if it’s digitally.
For this list, I only listed albums or mixtapes (whatever that means in 2024) that have 10 songs or more. This means that a lot of the nine-song releases that are listed as albums on DSPs are not mentioned here but that doesn’t mean they weren’t dope. I just believe wholeheartedly that there should be at least 10 songs on a project before we call it a full-length release. Further, if I added EPs to this list, it’d be even longer than it already is.
As I’ve done with past lists, the Hip-Hop albums and mixtapes listed below are in alphabetical order by artist name, not rank or preference. I don’t believe in segregating the music because it doesn’t fit some mysterious aesthetic. What I’ve listed below are albums I routinely played, reviewed, and believe stood out among all I’ve heard. If I missed something, don’t flame me. You will see a lot of West Coast artists on this list along with acts from the South, East Coast, and all points in between.
For now, enjoy this massive listing of Hip-Hop Wired’s top projects of 2024 below.
Top Hip-Hop LPs/Mixtapes of 2024
Ab-Soul – Soul Burger
Although not immediately introspective as his previous album HERBERT, Ab-Soul shows and proves his formidable ability as a lyricist while paying homage to his dear brother, Doeburger.
Action Bronson – Johann Sebastian Bachlava the Doctor
Action Bronson is at his best when he’s delivering one of his usual one-take verses that take the shape of whenever he’s feeling in the moment. Another reliable drop from Queens native.
ANKHLEJOHN – Pride Of A Man
Washington, D.C. native ANKHLEJOHN raps in earnest but extremely precise bursts, sometimes forcing himself as the central point at all times. His latest album, Pride Of A Man, is a solid step forward in ANKHLEJOHN’s artistry.
Apollo Brown & Crimeapple – This, Is Not That
Crimeapple, a rapper out of New Jersey by way of Colombia, raps with bone-chilling precision and conviction. This pairing with Apollo Brown is a standout among his other releases this year.
Benny The Butcher – Everybody Can’t Go
Benny The Butcher’s debut album with Def Jam Records doesn’t mute or clean up the grit and grime he’s known to deliver. The Black Soprano boss gets production from Hit-Boy and The Alchemist while running the operation expertly.
BigXthaPlug – Take Care
Dallas rapper BigXthaPlug had a busy 2024 but the cherry on top was his second studio album, Take Care. Yes, the album dives into BigX’s time in the street but also the importance of leveling up.
Boldy James & Conductor Williams – Across The Tracks
Boldy James dropped four albums this year and we could’ve gone with any of them. We decided on his collaboration with Conductor Willams and their potent Across The Tracks drop.
Blu & Exile – Love (the) Ominous World
Among the four studio albums, Blu dropped this year, his project with Exile, Love (the) Ominous World, is the one we couldn’t stop rocking.
Cavaviler – Different Type Time
Cavalier released what we think is a modern-day classic in Private Stock, naming it one of the finest albums of 2018. Cav’s pen and perspective are organic, soulful, and drenched in esoteric urban cool. He is one of the most important rappers working today.
Common & Pete Rock – The Auditorium Vol. 1
Age ain’t nothing but a number and the pairing of Common and Pete Rock proved that concept all across their enjoyable album, The Auditorium Vol. 1.
Conway The Machine – Slant Face Killah
Conway The Machine doesn’t get the recognition he deserves as a rapper and his versatility is unmatched. Slant Face Killah is a proper showcase for the Drumwork Music Group honcho.
Cordae – The Crossroads
Cordae came into the game with plenty of promise and his latest studio album takes all of his strongest points while adding that major label sheen.
Chuck Strangers – A Forsaken Lover’s Plea
Chuck Strangers got his first look as a producer as part of the sprawling Pro Era collective but has since emerged as his own man. His second studio album, A Forsaken Lover’s Plea, stamps Chuck Strangers as a standout voice among the producer-rapper set.
Curren$y & DJ Fresh – The Tonite Show The Sequel
Curren$y drops so much consistent heat that we had a hard time picking an album but his past work with DJ Fresh drew us to The Tonite Show The Sequel and we’re better for it.
Denzel Curry – King of the Mischievous South Vol. 2
Denzel Curry is an enigma of an artist who is capable of dropping brilliant bars but also can turn up. King of the Mischievous South Vol. 2, billed as a mixtape, feels just like that but in the best of ways.
Dizzy Wright, Demrick & Mike & Keys – Blaze With Us 3
Dizzy Wright was active in 2024 along with maintaining his various business interests. Reconnecting with Demrick, also an entrepreneur, the pair’s Blaze With Us 3 boasts fantastic production from Mike & Keys and yes, it’s perfect to pair with your favorite strains. (Also, Demrick’s “Watch This” is still dope.)
Doechii – Alligator Bites Never Heal
Doechii’s breakout year was capped by the soulful Tiny Desk concert that recently dropped. Much of that performance featured songs from her latest mixtape, Alligator Bites Never Heal, which makes us wonder what the album will sound like.
EARTHGANG – PERFECT FANTASY
EARTHGANG keeps our attention every time they drop new music and the duo of Olu and WowGr8 are still adept at finding new flows, sounds, and themes. There is a tendency to compare them to another duo out of Georgia but they own their unique sound solely.
El Costeau – Merci, Non Merci
El Costeau first appeared on our radar by way of MIKE’s excellent Burning Desire album. The Washington, D.C. rapper’s loose, heady verses showcase the varying creativity and interests of the Northeast native.
Erick the Architect – I’ve Never Been Here Before
As a member of the Flatbush Zombies, Erick the Architect proved he is a rapper worth noting. With his solo album, I’ve Never Been Here Before, Arc delivers a varied and personal project that rewards the listener several times over.
Flo Milli – Fine Ho, Stay
Flo Milli’s second studio project continues the “Ho” theme from her previous drops and is the strongest of the three. The 24-year-old starlet and expecting Mom is no slouch and we’re ready to hear what’s next.
Freddie Gibbs – You Only Die 1nce
Freddie Gibbs is growing up, or at least that’s the message we’re getting from You Only Die 1nce. The Gary, Ind. rapper sounds remarkable on an album that fans didn’t see coming.
Freeway & Jake One – The Stimulus Package 2
Philadelphia rapper Freeway and Seattle producer Jake One made magic in 2010 with The Stimulus Package. 14 years later, The Stimulus Package 2 is just as strong as its predecessor and maybe better in some aspects.
Future & Metro Boomin – We Don’t Trust You
Yes, we know that “Like That” is the highlight for many but Future and Metro Boomin showed their chemistry all across We Don’t Trust You.
Gangrene (Oh No & The Alchemist) – Heads I Win, Tails You Lose
Gangrene, the duo of Oh No and The Alchemist may very well be the best producers on the mic. Heads I Win, Tails You Lose is the duo’s fourth studio album and it’s all bars, beats, and boasts, just as it should be.
GloRilla – Glorious
Memphis rapper GloRilla came into the game with plenty of motion, culminating in her crowd-pleasing debut studio album, Glorious. Big Glo covers all the bases on the release, and we know it’s only up from here.
Gunna – One of Wun
Gunna kept his head down and continued to work despite all the smut people attempted to throw on his name and delivered a stellar album in One of Wun.
Heems & Lapgam – LAFANDAR
Heems, who some might remember from Das Racist, dropped two albums this year, the first of which, LAFANDAR, was done with Lapgam, a fellow Indian-American.
J. Cole – Might Delete Later
J. Cole got a lot of heat for deleting his Kendrick Lamar diss, “7 Minute Drill” from his fourth mixtape, Might Delete Later, but it’s a touch unfair. The rest of the project is one of the strongest sets of bars we’ve heard from the North Carolina MC and producer.
JasonMartin & DJ Quik – Chupacabra
JasonMartin, formerly known as Problem, connected with the legendary DJ Quik for the funky, sun-soaked Chupacabra. Even if you’re not from the West Coast, it still goes.
Jay Worthy & DāM-FunK – Magic Hour
Jay Worthy is always dropping new music and this year was no different. Nailing down our favorite record was difficult. However, Magic Hour, made alongside DāM-FunK, was the one that kept cropping up.
JPEGMAFIA – I Lay Down My Life for You
JPEGMAFIA is a difficult artist to explain to the unfamiliar but what we can say is that if you’re able to capture anything about Peggy is that he’s all over the map and that’s fine with us.
Ka – The Thief Next To Jesus
Ka unfortunately passed away this year and his loss is still sending waves of shock among his devoted fans. Music lives on and the Brownsville lyricist’s album, The Thief Next To Jesus, is another in a long list of projects that should be studied in colleges.
Kendrick Lamar – GNX
Read our review here
Let The Dirt Say Amen – I Love You, I’m Not Sorry
Let The Dirt Say Amen, a rapper, and producer out of Washington, D.C., dropped one of our favorite albums in 2021, God Hates Gucci. I Love You, I’m Not Sorry is more of Dirt’s strong production, relentless verses, and some of the best sh*t-talking we’ve heard all year.
LL COOL J – The FORCE
LL COOL J shocked a lot of fans with The FORCE, a departure in sound for the Queens veteran. Produced by Q-Tip of A Tribe Called Quest fame, there are some interesting curveballs within the project but that’s why we enjoyed it so much.
Logic – Ultra 85
Logic is polarizing among Hip-Hop fans for reasons beyond the music, which has generally been good to great. Ultra 85 absolutely leans to the great side of the Maryland rapper’s discography and despite its length, Bobby Tarantino is the reason to tune in.
Mach-Hommy – #RichAxxHaitian
Mach-Hommy doesn’t reveal much about himself despite several dozen releases acclaimed by critics and listeners alike. The Haitian-American New Jersey native shakes up things on #RichAxxHaitian with interesting features but the main character remains Mach-Hommy.
Marv Won – I’m Fine, Thanks For Asking
Marv Won is one of the most gifted rappers out of Detroit, a city that seems to produce rappers who can flow over anything. I’m Fine, Thanks For Asking gets into Marv Won’s thoughts in a way that almost feels intrusive but we appreciate him for letting us in.
MAVI – shadowbox
MAVI burst onto the scene with his debut album Let The Sun Talk in 2019. The Charlotte, N.C. rapper’s third album, shadowbox, is an emotional, soul-stirring collection of thoughts that finds the 25-year-old rapper wrestling with the weight of the world.
MIKE & Tony Seltzer – Pinball
Despite his mature sound and thematic aims, MIKE is still very much a young man in his 20s. Instead of taking over the beats, Big MIKE connects with producer Tony Seltzer for the youthful and frenetic Pinball. Don’t get it twisted, MIKE is still going in but it’s a lot lighter than his usual fare.
Nappy Nina & Swarvy – Nothing Is My Favorite Thing
Nappy Nina’s 2023 album Mourning Due was one of our favorites and instead of coasting on that excellent body of work, the Oakland. rapper’s Nothing Is My Favorite Thing with producer Swarvy took us on a marvelous audio journey.
Navy Blue – Memoirs In Armour
Navy Blue’s 2023 Def Jam Records debut, Ways Of Knowing, gripped us by the ears from the first second. Now fully independent once more, Memoirs In Armour finds Navy Blue once more centering spirituality and his connection to his family, all of which is delivered in an almost melancholic but reflective tone.
Nickelus F – MMCHT
Nickelus F is another example of an artist with immense ability who seems content with rapping for those who get it and unbothered with chasing fame. The Richmond, Va. MC and producer’s MMCHT is one of his most personal releases and one where he doesn’t rap in character.
NxWorries (Anderson .Paak & Knxledge) – Why Lawd?
NxWorries, the duo of singer, rapper, and drummer Anderson .Paak and producer knxledge, return with their second full-length, Why Lawd? With his sing-rap style, .Paak is in top form and Knxledge has been a beast on the boards for years.
Planet Asia & Local Astronauts – No Retirement
Planet Asia will always have a fresh platter of heat for his legion of fans and among the drops from this year, No Retirement with production team Local Astronauts was our top choice.
Previous Industries (Open Mike Eagle, STILL RIFT & Video Dave) – Service Merchandise
Previous Industries finds Open Mike Eagle, STILL RIFT, and Video Dave collectively working out the realities of aging along with still having a lot more to say. The longtime Chicago associates’ fantastic Service Merchandise album is full of moments of clarity along with comical revelations. It’s sharp work.
Rapsody – Please Don’t Cry
Rapsody should be mentioned among the greats and it is no fault of her own that she is often misunderstood. On Please Don’t Cry, Rap is more plainspoken than ever and there isn’t a wasted bar on the project.
Raz Fresco & DJ Muggs – The Eternal Now
Raz Fresco, an incredibly prolific Canadian producer and MC, dropped joints this year that could be in place of our pick, The Eternal Now. That said, Raz and his “marvelous right wrist” style and Five Percent Nation teachings work well with DJ Muggs’ production.
Roc Marciano – Marciology
It could be argued whether or not Marciology is the best album in Roc Marciano’s catalog but instead of needlessly pitting the Long Island rapper-producer’s music against each other, we’d rather state the fact that Roc Marci’s vision was fully realized on this release.
Roc Marciano & The Alchemist – The Skeleton Key
Yes, we know Roc Marci is on this list twice and this 11th-hour drop from Roc and The Alchemist shows and proves the pair know how to bring the best qualities out of each other. This is definitely an album for the wintertime grind.
SALIMATA – Wooden Floors
Brooklyn-born and bred native SALIMARA injects the entire creative spirit of her borough in her second full-length project, Wooden Floors. Trust us when we say that this is an artist worth exploring, especially for those who love women rappers who are assertive.
ScHoolboy Q – Blue Lips
Read our review here.
Sideshow – F.U.N.T.O.Y.
Sideshow, a Washington, D.C. rapper who now resides in Los Angeles, doesn’t grant interviews so much of what we know about him is in his music. The Ethiopian-American rapper’s music is replete with street tales and hazy production best suited for a smoke session or running a mission.
Skyzoo – Keep Me Company
Skyzoo is one of those rare rappers that might not have a bad album in their catalog. Keep Me Company is more of the Brooklyn scribe’s observations of life, the grind, and the artist’s path.
Slum Village – F.U.N.
Slum Village, now a duo with original member T3 and producer-rapper Young RJ, has kept the SV flag flying over the years. F.U.N. continues the tradition and finds them both having a lot of fun on the microphone per the album’s title.
Smoke DZA – THC3 (Kushedgod Bitch)
Smoke DZA is severely underrated and it’s kind of frustrating for us who are fans of The Kushedgod. On THC3 (KushedGod Bitch), George Kush aka Smoke DZA shows off his effortless cool once again.
Tha Dogg Pound – W.A.W.G.
With the West Coast sound fully rocking the radio nationwide, it was a perfect time for Tha Dogg Pound to reintroduce themselves with W.AW.G. aka We All We Got, which features stellar production from Mike & Keys.
Thurz – Yannick Koffi: In Time
Fans of the rap group U-N-I should be familiar with Thurz, formerly Thurzday. His latest album, Yannick Koffi: In Time gets into the story of the Inglewood native as we’ve never heard before before.
Tierra Whack – WORLD WIDE WHACK
It’s hard to believe that Tierra Whack’s WORLD WIDE WHACK is her debut studio album, but it does serve as a great introduction to those who haven’t heard the dynamic Philadelphia star.
Tyler, The Creator – Chromakopia
Tyler, The Creator is now a legitimate superstar, and the interest surrounding his latest album, Chromakopia, proves that fact. The album dives into themes of fame and the pressure that comes along with it but there are also classic moments of T talking his talk.
Vince Staples – Dark Times
Vince Staples’ sixth album, Dark Times, is his final album on Def Jam Records but, as is his penchant, the Long Beach rapper doesn’t dial it in. This is another excellent collection of Vince Staples’ thoughts.
Westside Gunn – Still Praying
Westside Gunn is possibly Hip-Hop’s greatest self-promoter but thankfully, he backs up his boasts more times than not. Still Praying finds the Griselda mastermind rapping about a lifestyle few can afford and proving that the lane he occupies is firmly his own.
Your Old Droog – Movie
While we wait for the long-teased collaboration with Madlib, Your Old Droog’s Movie is more than a mere holdover. Droog’s ear for beats and his humorous reflections keep the album a light but raucous listen.
—
Photo: Getty

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.