If this is the real diss, is it enough to go against Kendrick?
Source: Getty/Prince Williams/Wireimage/Stephane Cardinale/Corbis
And here we are. 
It seems as if the rumored diss track from Drake has finally surfaced. On Saturday (April 12) a song snippet, allegedly from Drake, began circulating. On the record, the Toronto rapper appears to be taking aim at Kendrick Lamar, who took several shots of his own recently on “Like That,” a song featured on Future and Metro Boomin‘s We Don’t Trust You album, released just last month.
RELATED: Our Favorite Collabs from Every Rapper Beefing with Drake
RELATED: Kendrick Lamar Disses Drake and J. Cole on “Like That”
Drizzy wasn’t the only one targeted on the record. J. Cole also caught shots, and replied with “7 Minute Drill,” a scathing warning shot in which he questioned Lamar’s discography, ability to compete and more. But days after Cole dropped the record, featured on his surprise Might Delete Later project, he admitted that the song made him feel terrible, praised Lamar and said he planned to pull the record from streaming services.
True to his word, Cole removed the song on Friday (April 12).
For his part, Drake hasn’t confirmed or denied the authenticity of his leaked track. Listen to Drake’s alleged diss below and judge for yourself.
Update: A full version of the record has now leaked. Check below.


[LISTEN] Drake’s Alleged Kendrick Lamar Diss Leaks Online 
						was originally published on
						theboxhouston.com



									Six Flags America to Permanently Close After 2025 Season								

									LISTEN LIVE								

									The Biggest News Stories Of 2025								

									Here Are Some Notable Moments Of Black Culture In 2025								

									Iggy Azalea Sex Tape Leaked [VIDEO]								

									What’s Happening In Baltimore: Top Stories You Need to Know in 2025								

									Wale featuring Rihanna "Bad" Remix [FULL SONG, POLL]								

									Cinco De Breezy Weekend: Your Chance To Win Tickets To See Chris Brown!								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.