The one-night-only affair will see the film beamed in cinemas across the world for the first time
Daft Punk‘s 2003 anime film Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar is coming to cinemas worldwide later this year.
Directed by Kazuhisa Takenouchi – under the supervision of veteran manga artist Leiji Matsumoto – Interstella 5555 was produced as a visual companion to the duo’s 2001 album ‘Discovery’, with its entirety serving as the soundtrack to the film, which contains no dialogue.
Daft Punk’s Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo conceptualised Interstella 5555 with regular collaborator Cédric Hervet. The film only received a limited theatrical run in 2003 after its Cannes Film Festival premiere that year. Since then, it has only been issued on home media – however, Daft Punk commemorated the third anniversary of their break-up this year by streaming the film on Twitch.
Now, the film is getting beamed in over 800 cinemas, in 40 countries across the world, in a brand-new 4K restoration – for one night only.
Screenings of the 65-minute film will be packaged with a selection of past Daft Punk music videos by directors including the likes of Spike Jonze, Michel Gondry, Roman Coppola, and more. Tickets will be on sale November 13 at 6am PT. Find out more information here.
Interstella 5555 (Remastered) in cinemas for one night only on December 12. Tickets on sale November 13.
Discovery: Interstella 5555 Edition available for pre-order now.
Discovery: Interstella 5555 Merchandise Collection available now. Full info at https://t.co/wdlZaWExaO pic.twitter.com/9xo3TVMR4v
— Daft Punk (@daftpunk) October 30, 2024
Interstella 5555 producer Shinji Shimizu opened up in a press statement and said: “‘One More Time’ was playing all over the town at that time! I felt so proud that I wanted to shout to people on the street, ‘We are making its animation now!’”
Daft Punk have also launched the Interstella 5555 merch collection with t-shirts, hoodies, and turntable slipmats. It also includes limited vinyl and CD editions of ‘Discovery’ packaged with Interstella 5555 artwork. View the full collection here.
Earlier this month, a Daft Punk fan launched a campaign to get his LEGO recreation of the duo’s ‘Alive 2007’ concert made into a real product.
“Both huge Daft Punk fans, this build is a fusion of 2 passions,” he continues. “I spent my teenage years listening to Homework on my Walkman, while my son’s 1st favourite baby song was Get Lucky. It felt only natural to blend our love for Daft Punk’s music with our love for LEGO.”
The duo will also appear (in LEGO form) in Pharrell Williams’ upcoming biopic Piece by Piece alongside his other famous past collaborators, such as Jay Z, Gwen Stefani, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Justin Timberlake and more.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.