The search continues.
Source: Christopher Polk / Getty
It seems that Coachella is in need of a big name talent to headline their 2025 show. Word on the street is both Kendrick Lamar and Rihanna have both declined.
As spotted on Bloomberg News, the once popular music festival is apparently trying to reclaim their greatness for next year’s event. According to the report both the rapper and songstress have politely said no to the opportunity of closing out the show. It is assumed that Kendrick passed because he was booked to perform at the NFL Super Bowl Halftime Show and apparently will follow that appearance with a stadium tour. Many speculate that Rihanna, on the other hand, is busy being a mother and an entrepreneur and has no urge to return to performing live. This apparently has put Coachella leadership in a tight spot as they have come to the realization that the festival is no longer what it once was.
Reporter Lucas Shaw says Coachella founder Paul Tollett has been feverishly “working the phones” in order to secure a high-profile artist to ensure that the concert series not only sells out but returns to its former cultural prominence. But as the article notes, it has become increasingly more difficult to book the biggest and brightest stars in music as these performers can pull those astronomical booking fees on their own.
Coachella 2025 will take place April 11-13 and April 18-20. You can find more information on the festival here.


Kendrick Lamar & Rihanna Both Declined To Headline Coachella 2025 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									Weekend Roundup: Love, Noise, & MLK Community Day								

									iPower Under 30: Antonio Knoxx								

									Weekend Roundup: Neverland, VMFA Afterhours, & The Big Game								

									Weekend Roundup: Black Panther, Hip Hop Skating, & More!								

									iPower Under 30: Rivers Taylor								

									Win A New Home with St. Jude's Home Giveaway!								

									Weekend Roundup: The Fan, Brunch, & “Mr. Cooper”								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.