2024 has been a huge year for hip-hop, with some major moments and releases shaking up the scene. One of the biggest stories is the ongoing Drake vs. Kendrick Lamar debate. Fans have been buzzing about who is truly running the game this year. Both artists have been dropping hints and teasing new music, making the competition even more intense. Their rivalry has fans debating who’s the real MVP of hip-hop, with each artist bringing their own unique style and impact to the genre.
Along with the battle between the two giants, hip-hop has seen a wave of fresh, exciting albums. One standout release this year is Doechii’s album, Alligator Bites Never Heal. Doechii, known for her unique style and innovative sound, has continued to make waves with her bold mix of rap, R&B, and experimental elements. The album has been praised for its lyricism, creativity, and ability to push boundaries, making Doechii a top contender for the title of MVP in 2024.
 


					Related Stories
				





Westside Gunn Taps Doechii For “EGYPT” Remix, The Culture Approves






Hip-Hop Wired’s Artists You Gotta Listen to in March






Lauryn Hill Brings Out Doechii To Perform “Doo Wop (That Thing)” At JITG Festival






As 2024 comes to a close, it’s time to hand out our own 2024 Hip-Hop Wired Awards, highlighting the artists who made the biggest impact this year. Special shoutout to Hot 107.9’s own, Partyboi Duece for curating a solid list.


2024 Hip-Hop Wired Awards: MVP, Rookie Of The Year, & More 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Contact Us								

									About								

									Advertising								

									Top 10 Hood Beverages								

									Rep. Jasmine Crockett Wants To Take On Trump In An IQ Test								

									10 Video Vixens Then & Now [PHOTOS]								

									Ray J & Kim Kardashian Sex Tape Gained $1.4M In Sales In 6 Weeks								

									DIRTY DOZEN: Uncle Ruckus' Most Racist Moments								

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.