The UK singer spoke to ABC News about “experimenting” with track lengths
Last week, UK singer and producer PinkPantheress spoke to ABC News about experimenting with the length of her tracks, revealing the reason why her songs are so short.
Speaking to journalist Ashan Singh as part of ABC’s Prime Playlist segment, PinkPantheress said that she believes “a song doesn’t need to be longer than 2 minutes 30, in my opinion”.
“We don’t need to repeat a verse, we don’t need to have a bridge, we don’t need it - we don’t need a long outro,” she explained.
Read this next: PinkPantheress shares struggle with hearing loss on Louis Theroux's podcast
On her acclaimed 2021 album ‘to hell with it’, which featured 10 tracks, the total album run time was just 18 minutes, averaging around 1 minute 18 seconds per track.
PinkPantheress’ comment was picked up by US singer Dionne Warwick, who replied to the statement on Twitter with a question mark, later adding: “Artists are allowed to create their art in any way they choose. However, I do believe a bridge is important.”
In the interview, PinkPantheress also spoke about playing around with track lengths. “I was able to experiment. Making short songs was just a result of me experimenting,” she said.
Read this next: PinkPantheress missed out on Kendrick Lamar studio session due to phone being on silent
She also spoke about her origins as a producer playing with GarageBand, posting a new song every day on TikTok until she eventually found fame.
“My biggest nightmare has been the idea of doing a job I really don’t want to do and settling. I couldn’t do it, I was like, ‘there’s got to be a way out’. Even if I couldn’t sing, I feel like I’d still find a way to do this,” she said.
The interview follows the release of her latest single, ‘Turn It Up’, released on Friday, May 24, which she says is about “meeting someone in the club” and developing complicated feelings for them. Check it out below.
Gemma Ross is Mixmag's Assistant Editor, follow her on Twitter

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.
  

      A weekly rundown of everything you need to know in music and culture
    

  Mixmag will use the information you provide to send you the Mixmag newsletter using Mailchimp as our marketing platform. You can change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us. By clicking sign me up you agree that we may process your information in accordance with our privacy policy. Learn more about Mailchimp's privacy practices here.