Snoop Dogg believes that Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us" diss track towards Drake united the West Coast. 
During a live episode of Drink Champs at ComplexCon 2024 in Las Vegas this past weekend with Dr. Dre, Snoop reflected on the impact K.Dot's hit song had on the West Coast. According to the Long Beach native, the song shouldn't be celebrated as a diss track but instead as a moment that truly brought the West together.
There was a lot of unity being promoted at Dot's The Pop Out: Ken & Friends concert held in Inglewood, California and while Dr. Dre got on stage with Kendrick to introduce "Not Like Us," Snoop was not present. The "Drop It Like It's Hot" rapper said he didn't pick a side because he didn't have an "individual cause" in the beef.
"It unified the West," said Snoop. "So it may have been disrespectful, but it's hip hop, so it's part of hip hop. I chose no sides because I have no individual cause. That's a grown man going against a grown man. But what it did do was unite the West, and make everybody out here start looking at each other like how much love we got for each other."
He continued, "The Bloods had a peace treaty. You had certain Crip gangs that came together and became, you know, real friends as, as opposed to being enemies. So that record did a lot for us on the West as far as uniting, so we should speak on that."
Despite not wanting to be involved, Snoop found himself being a part of it anyway when Drake used an AI voice of him and the late 2Pac i n his diss song "Taylor Made Freestyle." In the song, an AI version of Snoop begs Kendrick to defeat the 6 God in honor of the West Coast.
Snoop reacted to the song with a humorous Instagram post claiming he had no idea what was happening between Drake and Kendrick.
"They did what? When? How? Are you sure? Y'all have a good night," Snoop said in the video. "Why everybody calling my phone, blowing me up? What the fuck? What happened? What's going on? I'm going back to bed. Good night."
ComplexCon 2024 is officially in the books, with fans being treated to live activations, appearances, and performances spread across an entire weekend in Las Vegas. Travis Scott, Playboi Carti, and Metro Boomin were the headline performers at the festival, while celebrities such as Gunna, Big Sean, Lil Yachty and more walked the floor or participated in various events.
For next year, Complex is going bigger by hiring Daniel Arsham as the global creative director for the festival. Arsham shared a post on Instagram announcing the news that ComplexCon will be in not only Vegas next year but also Hong Kong.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
music | BY Alex Ocho
Watch Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre Playfully Troll Big Boy for Sitting in Front Row During Ther Live ‘Drink Champs’ Episode
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Snoop Dogg Talks Jay-Z and Super Bowl Halftime Show Selection Process: 'This Is a Big Event’
music | BY Trey Alston
Snoop Dogg Reveals His Dream Collab That Could 'Save Humanity' During ComplexCon
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.