A jazz musician is on a UK headline tour this November with Ipswich Regent Theatre being one of the places he will be playing. 


  Jamie Cullum's tour comes after the 20th anniversary reissue of his acclaimed breakthrough album Twentysomething was made available on vinyl for the very first time last October. 


  The platinum-selling album still holds the title of being the fastest selling jazz album in chart history with its sales in 2003 leading to Cullum being the UK's highest selling jazz artist in history. 


  It has also meant he has been nominated for a Brit, Grammy and other awards around the world. 


  He has more than 10 million album sales to date, a successful BBC Radio 2 Show and his live shows have seen him work alongside artists like Pharrell Williams, Herbie Hancock and Kendrick Lamar.  


  Recently he won the Ivor Novello award for best song musically and lyrically for his song 'The Age of Anxiety' from his album Taller. 


  The tour includes him playing 14 shows across the country with one being at Ipswich Regent Theatre on Monday, November 18. 


  The prices start from £38.50 and the doors open at 7pm. 


                    We want our comments to be a lively and valuable part of our community - a place where readers can debate and engage with the most important local issues. The ability to comment on our stories is a privilege, not a right, however, and that privilege may be withdrawn if it is abused or misused.
                

                    Please report any comments that break our rules.
                
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.