Source: Carmen Mandato / Getty
Drake shocked fans yesterday by uploading 100 gigabytes of content onto a website aptly named 100gigs.org. The upload contains three unreleased songs and nearly a countless amount of b-roll video footage.
A unique and surprising detail is that the music debuted on an Instagram account called @plotttttwistttttt.
The release comes months after Drake’s high-profile feud with West Coast rapper Kendrick Lamar. Following years of back-and-forth subliminal shots aimed at each other, the battle reached a boiling point with K. Dot’s They Not Like Us record. That track instantly became Hip Hop’s song of the summer, forcing many to question whether or not Drake should consider hanging up his music career.
It appears Drizzy never considered retirement to be an option.
The three new songs are It’s Up (featuring 21 Savage and Young Thug), Blue Green Red, and Housekeeping Knows (featuring Latto). You can listen to the new Drizzy records below.
Social media has shown a mixed reaction to the new Drake titles. Some deem Drake to be back in his bag, while others speculate that this is a failed attempt following the battle with Kendrick.
The best of the three records is It’s Up. It opens with Drake’s classic half-crooned rhyming, then gives way to Thugger carrying a quick hook. Young Thug fans thirsty for new music from him may be left wanting more from the Atlanta rapper currently embroiled in a trial for his life. The song ends with hard-cutting, gun-heavy rhymes from Drake’s former album partner 21 Savage.
The second track is a solo record called Blue Green Red. The record sounds like something left on the Honestly, Nevermind cutting room floor. It opens with typical Drake bars, then morphs into his Caribbean accent over house music drums.
The third and final new song features Latto, and her verse may be the best of the bunch. The record gives Rich Baby Daddy vibes, a song Drizzy did with Sexyy Redd on his last album For All The Dogs. It also adds credence to the speculation that Drake may have had a fling with Latto’s sister Brooklyn Nikole.
Aside from the music, Drake also uploaded a bunch of b-roll video footage.
From VIBE:
Drake shared a bunch of unreleased gems in the rest of the folders, though they aren’t full songs. Instead, it is footage from his Apollo show in January 2023, working on his 2016 album Views, rehearsing “Sooner Than Later” with a live band, tours, and much more. Quite literally, it is 100 gigabytes worth of miscellaneous content.
Check out Drake’s brand new music below and let us know if the songs are fire… or if he should’ve left them in the vault!


Drake Drops 100 Gigabytes Of New Content, Here’s What We Learned 
						was originally published on
						zhiphopcleveland.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.