Photo: Getty Images
Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift will reunite for a new song on the Compton rapper's upcoming album, according to DJ Snake. The French artist was on a livestream with streamer Naskid on Tuesday, November 19, when he shared what he knows about K.Dot's highly anticipated album. He sounded very confident when he said Lamar's project will have four to five songs crafted by "Not Like Us" producer Mustard and one collaboration with Taylor Swift. If true, the Grammy award-winning artist's second collaboration would come months after Lamar worked with Swift's go-to producer Jack Antonoff on his Drake diss track "6:16 In L.A." 
Kendrick Lamar and Taylor Swift go way back. The duo previously collaborated on the remix to Swift's hit "Bad Blood" from her 2014 album 1989. Lamar appeared with Swift in her star-studded music video for the song, which debut in 2015. Both artists reunited on wax last year after they re-recorded "Bad Blood" for the deluxe edition of 1989 (Taylor's Version). At the time, Swift praised Lamar for getting back in the booth to re-do his verse. “Watching @kendricklamar create and record his verses on the ‘Bad Blood’ remix was one of the most inspiring experiences of my life,” Swift wrote in a post on X. “I still look back on this collaboration with so much pride and gratitude, for the ways Kendrick elevated the song and the way he treats everyone around him. Every time the crowds on The Eras Tour would chant his line ‘you forgive, you forget, but you never let it… go!’, I smiled. The reality that Kendrick would go back in and re-record ‘Bad Blood’ so that I could reclaim and own this work I’m so proud of is surreal and bewildering to me." As of this report, neither artist has confirmed DJ Snake's claims. Lamar is currently preparing to release a new album soon, however, he has yet to announce any details about it. It's possible that he'll share more as his headlining performance at the 2025 Super Bowl Halftime Show. For now, fans will have to wait and see.