All products featured on Allure are independently selected by our editors. However, we may receive compensation from retailers and/or from purchases of products through these links.
20-plus years into her career, Danna is making her debut.
Formerly Danna Paola, the Mexican actress and pop star dropped her last name to usher in a new creative era. Through her latest album, Childstar, she reflects on how a lifelong spent in the public eye and under the control of others impacted her mental health—and, more importantly, how she found healing and reclaimed her voice through making music that’s more authentic to herself.
At just 28, Danna is already a veteran of the entertainment industry, having evolved from a 4-year-old Sesame Street guest star to a children’s telenovela lead (Amy, La Niña De La Mochila Azul, Atrévete A Soñar) to Broadway star (Wicked) to Netflix darling (Elite)—all the while releasing album after album and amassing millions of streams on Spotify with hits like “Oye Pablo" and “Mala Fama,” which hit back at media scrutiny about her.
But even someone of Danna’s pedigree couldn’t avoid the strings that are often attached to fame. Despite the fact that Danna earned her first Latin Grammy nomination in 2021, the management team she’d been working with that year—as Danna would later reveal in the Calle y Poché podcast — was hyper-controlling of her career and especially her image. They allegedly forced her to dye her naturally dark hair blonde (which she did not want to do) in 2021. So she took a hiatus the following year to find a team that supported her vision as an artist. Even more so, she wanted to find herself.
“I believe everyone has the opportunity to start again, anytime we need it. Now I feel at peace.”
Now, while re-emerging as a first-name-only entity, Danna is putting out her most personal and hands-on album yet. She co-produced the euphoric "XT4S1S" and the introspective "Tenemos Que Hablar" from the album—the first time she’s had a hand in the production of her own music. She also recently became a global brand ambassador for MAC Cosmetics. These changes are clearly resonating with her fans; last year, she kicked off a world tour with 30 dates booked throughout the U.S. and Mexico.
In March, we caught up with Danna before her performance at Mexico’s Tecate Pa'l Norte music festival, where she was top-billed on a lineup that included Kendrick Lamar, Blink-182, Thirty Seconds to Mars, and Imagine Dragons. Her pop spectacle channeled 2000s-era Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera with fierce choreography and powerhouse vocals. It drew an audience of more than 50,000 people. Backstage, just before said spectacle, Danna appeared at ease in her futuristic vaquera outfit that nodded to her Mexican roots. Here, she opened up to Allure about her artistic rebirth, recovering from long-term hair damage, and the skin care products she can’t put down.
Allure: What’s the story behind your choice to drop your last name?
Danna: I discovered this past year that I didn't like my name. As an actress, I've played so many characters in my life. In playing a character, I forgot myself. Danna Paola was a character, too. I realized that in therapy last year. It was really hard for me, having that name for my whole career. That was really heavy pressure for me.
That's why I decided to release this album, [Childstar]. I personally needed it. For me, this is my first album. This is my "welcome to the new me" era. I believe everyone has the opportunity to start again, anytime we need it. It's a process. Now I feel at peace.
Allure: How did you process and reflect your experiences as a child performer with this album?
Danna: The concept of the album is not that I'm saying something bad about being a child star. I’m facing the consequences in my life for being a child star. It's like every experience in my life dragged me to this moment. It's [about] a lot of experiences, relationships, fears, empowerment, my darkest side, and how I shine in my darkest era. This album is really important for me because I discovered myself as an artist, as a person, and as a woman [while making it].
Allure: How does being a MAC ambassador play into your revival era?
Danna: I think I manifested this all my life because I've [worn] MAC my whole career. It's really special for me now seeing me in this big campaign. I can't believe my face is around the whole world.
Allure: Speaking of beauty products, what’s your skin care routine?
Danna: I could be wasted and I'm going to be at home doing my skin care. Paula’s Choice is one of my favorite brands ever. [I use] the Omega+ Complex Cleansing Balm to melt all makeup, then the Rhode Pineapple Refresh cleanser. Then niacinamide and Rhode Peptide Glazing Fluid.
Paula's Choice
Dermstore
Amazon
Rhode
Rhode
Rhode
Rhode
I do skin cycling. The first night [of the week] is just like niacinamide and peptides, and a really heavy cream to hydrate my face because I have really dry skin. That and rose water. I love that. Then some lip balm and lip mask, and that's it. And retinol some nights.
Allure: What products are non-negotiable in your carry-on when traveling?
Danna: My mascara. It's part of my life, the MacStack. I love it. Of course, all kinds of lipsticks—a lot of different colors, textures. I think it depends on my mood that day. That, and brow pencil.
MAC
Ulta Beauty
Nordstrom
Allure: What's the best beauty tip you’ve ever received?
Danna: The number one rule is washing your face just before going to sleep. I can't go to bed with my skin dirty. I stopped smoking, too, and I think that's the most important.
Allure: You’ve gone through a lot of hair changes, some at the behest of your management team. Talk us through your hair evolution.
Danna: My hair journey has been crazy. I started using extensions at 7. When I was a teenager, I dyed my hair black for the first time in my emo era. That's where it all began. The telenovelas dyed my hair a lot, and my hair started getting damaged. I did a campaign with a hair brand that actually burned my hair. I lost a lot of hair. I started using wigs so my hair wouldn't get more damaged.
Now I'm in a very healthy process with my hair where I stopped using [taped or bonded] extensions. I use clip-ons. You have to let your hair breathe. It's a health journey. It's a bit of self-love as well.
Allure: How are you taking care of your hair nowadays?
Danna: I use a lot of rosemary water to grow my hair. I have really thin hair like a baby. I use a special shampoo for thickness and a hair mask to get rid of the frizz. I have a lot of frizz for having very thin hair. I use a lot of treatments throughout the week—I really like Olaplex. I go to the salon to do more deep treatments. I try not to straighten my hair that much as well.
Olaplex
Ulta Beauty
Amazon
Dermtore
Allure: You’ve advocated for the LGBTQ+ community throughout your career. Why is it important for you to support them?
Danna: I believe love is love. I believe the LGBTQ+ community has raised me. They're always taking care of me. My inner circle has helped me to be myself, to push myself, to feel empowered, and to feel my best. I don't have words to thank them for all they have done for me and how they have supported and loved me. I'm returning that love to them with my art and my support.
I also believe I'm part of the community… With this album, I'm telling a story that's really personal for me. One time I had a crush on a woman when I was living in Spain. I fell in love with this woman. I was dreaming about her, and I never told her. The song “Platonik” is a gift from me. I know there's a lot of girls that can relate.
Allure: What do you want to achieve next?
Danna: I want to keep being in love with my profession. That's my personal goal. I want to keep creating music so that I can be able to help someone else. I feel happy and grateful [for] this second opportunity with my art. I thought my career was over. I had to let out that artist that I always wanted to create and imagine a new world where I could let loose. It was a really beautiful discovery.
More celebrity interviews:
Now watch Saweetie break down trends:
Follow Allure on Instagram and TikTok, or subscribe to our newsletter to stay up to date on all things beauty.
More from Allure The BEAUTY EXPERT
Contact
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Allure may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices