Looking for a discount to Max? Here's everything you need to know about streaming The White Lotus, House of the Dragon, Hacks and more

													By
												

	Latifah Muhammad


	All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Billboard may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.

	Curious about Max? From hit shows and movies to documentaries, comedy specials and more, the streaming giant has enough content to keep everyone in the household entertained.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Billboard		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Now, there are even more ways to stream Max (formerly HBO Max) online, thanks to a couple of deals that are live now, just in time for The White Lotus season 3 (starring Blackpink’s Lisa).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					This $18 Fridge Magnet Can Be Personalized With Your Favorite Song (And Actually Play It)		
	



	05/02/2025	







	The first is for Amazon Prime members, who can currently get a 7-day free trial to Max here. Max doesn’t currently offer a free trial on its site, so the Prime Video promotion is the only way to stream Max online for free right now.



	Amazon Prime members can also score a cheaper Max subscription by bundling Max and Starz together for $20.99/month. The price individually would be $28, so this Prime Video deal saves you 25% off. Even better: get your first week for free with not commitment. See details here.

	The above free trials are reserved for Amazon Prime members exclusively. Not a Prime member? Get a 30-day free trial to test out the service here. Besides Prime Video, the subscription includes free shipping on millions of items, a subscription to Amazon Prime Music and other member benefits.

	Max’s bundle deal with Hulu and Disney+ allows subscribers to stream from all three platforms for one base price. On their own, each streamer costs $10/month, but the Max bundle gets you all three for just $16.99. That’s a 43% savings and one of the best Max deals online.

	Keep reading to learn more about Max, including membership plans, student discounts and other pricing, bundles, streaming deals and how to get a free trial.

	Formerly known as HBO Max, Max has evolved into a huge streaming service combining HBO and Discovery channels including Max Originals, B/R Sports, CNN, DC, ID Network, TNT, TCM, TLC, Discovery, Cartoon Network, Adult Swim, OWN, Food Network, HGTV and Trvl Channel.

	Warner Bros. Discovery decided not to merge HBO Max and Discovery+ into one streaming platform and instead launched Max, a mega-streamer combining programming from HBO and Discovery. Discovery+ is still available as a standalone platform.

	Whether you love television, movies or a blend of both, Max has the kind of streaming library tailormade for binge watchers. Some of the most popular releases to hit Max include House of the Dragon, Hacks, Pretty Little Liars: Summer School, The Regime, True Detective, Selena + Restaurant, Lady Gaga’s Chromactica Ball concert tour, and Euphoria, which is expected to return soon.



	TV lovers can also binge episodes of fan favorites such as Curb Your Enthusiasm, Succession, The Last of Us, The White Lotus, …And Just Like That, Barry, Pretty Little Liars: Original Sin, Selena + Chef, along with must-watch movies and documentaries such as Godzilla x Kong: The New Empire, The Jinx: Part Two, Quiet on Set, Wonka, Priscilla, Aquaman: And the Lost Kingdom, The Color Purple, Oprah & The Color Purple: Journey, Blue Beetle, Barbie, The Gilded Age, The Sympathizer, Girls on the Bus, Conan Must Go, The Curious Case of Natalia Grace: Natalia Speaks, House of Hammer, Hillsong: Megachurch Exposed, Johnny vs. Amber, Love to Love You, Donna Summer, The Weeknd: Live at Sofi Stadium, Love, Lizzo, Dionne Warwick: Don’t Make Me Over, All That Breathes, and All the Beauty and the Bloodshed. 

Last Week Tonight With John Oliver and Real Time With Bill Maher are on Max, as well as numerous movies, classic episodes of beloved sitcoms such as Martin, The Fresh-Prince of Bel-Air and Friends, along with kid-approved and family-friendly shows including Sesame Street, Ben 10, Looney Tunes Cartoons and the Harry Potter film franchise.

	Max has multiple subscription tiers: ad-supported, commercial free and ultimate ad-free. Max’s paid subscriptions start at $9.99/month ($99.99 a year) for ad-supported streaming, or $16.99/month ($169.99 a year) to watch ad free.

	The Ultimate ad-free package is $19.99 per month and includes 4K Ultra HD quality, 100 downloads to watch on the go and you can stream on up to four devices at once. Subscribe to the Max annual plan to save up to 20% off. Annual plans start at $99.99.



	You can bundle Max with Hulu and Disney+ for $16.99/month for ad-supported streaming on up to two devices at once and $29.99/month for ad-free streaming. 

	With the ad-supported and ad-free streaming plans, you can enjoy more than 13,000 hours of entertainment, exclusive access to must-watch movies, all your HBO favorites — and you can stream from up to five different profiles, which is great if there are multiple people in your household. Adding Hulu and Disney+ allows you to stream The Bear, Loki, Shōgun, The Kardashians and The Descendants: The Rise of Red.

	Max recently introduced a student discount plan that saves college students 50% off. The discount cuts the monthly price down to $4.99/month (regularly $9.99/month).

	Max isn’t currently offering a free trials, but you never know when the platform will launch another streaming deal. Amazon, however, does offer a week-long free trial for Prime members here.

	Already subscribed to HBO? You may already have free Max through Samsung TV, Roku, Verizon Fios, DirecTV and other cable or live TV streaming platforms. Not sure? Click here to find out if you already have access to Max. Otherwise, you can score a free trial to Max through platforms such as DirectTV Stream. 

AT&T quietly removed the HBO Max bundle deal from its wireless plans in 2022, but customers can still access free Max with select plans and Cricket Wireless currently offers free Max with a $60 unlimited plan.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.