Home » Music
J. Cole has unveiled a new audio series called “Inevitable,” which will take listeners on an “unfiltered voyage” through the renowned rapper’s career. Alongside his manager Ibrahim Hamad and frequent collaborator Scott Lazer, Cole plans to discuss released and unreleased music as well as his journey. Cole released a trailer for the project on social media on Nov. 17. The first episode of “Inevitable” dropped on Nov. 18, and he wasted no time addressing one of his biggest haters: Kanye West.
Unsurprisingly Cole took the high road, similarly to when he addressed the Kendrick Lamar/Drake beef. He admitted that he would forever be a son of Kanye just because of the impact Ye’s music had on his life and career.
“My life was hella regular … It was nothing like my favorite rappers; I didn’t know how to talk about MY life. And then, f—ing Kanye West happened,” said Cole. “The ‘Through The Wire’ video dropped, and that changed my life. Kanye was the first time I saw myself in somebody. He just made it possible to talk about your life or regular perspectives in a way that’s appealing. He became my favorite artist, at that point. He kinda cracked my mind open.”
It was surprising to still hear Cole say all this about West because of all the shots West has been taking at Cole this year. First, West dissed Cole on the “Like That” remix in April.
“Play J. Cole, get the p—- dry,” he rapped. “Play this s— back a hundred-thirty times.”
West then went on “The Download” podcast and doubled down on this. Later on in the podcast, West admitted that he thought Cole was a “p—-” for apologizing to Kendrick Lamar amidst the Big Three beef.
“F— all that s—,” West stated. “Because, like that n—- J. Cole went on tour with Drake, he knows what it is. You can’t put Cole and ‘up’ in the same sentence.”
Cole took the high road with his idol, so it will be interesting to see how West responds to the first episode of Cole’s podcast. The next episode will be out on Nov. 20, and it is titled “Lights Please” named after one of J. Cole’s deepest cuts. This episode will absolutely be a must-see.