The Decemberists | photo by Holly Andres
We’re in the midst of NONCOMM at World Cafe Live, but there’s a ton of music to see all around the city this week.
Here are 16 concerts to see in the next seven days, all around Philly. For tickets and more information, head to WXPN’s Concert Calendar.
XPN favorite and jazz extraordinaire, Kamasi Washington will be performing at Union Transfer on Sunday, fresh off the release of his fifth album, Fearless Movement, inspired by dance and the birth of his daughter. “When people hear that I’m making a dance album, it’s not literal. Dance is movement and expression, and in a way, it’s the same thing as music – expressing your spirit through your body,” Washington has stated about the new album. A multi-instrumentalist, Washington has notably collaborated with artists such as Kendrick Lamar, Andre 3000, and Thundercat. His saxophone playing and smooth grooving are not something you want to miss! // 8 p.m., $40, AA – Emma Zoe Polyak
Brazillian electropop group CSS is returning to the stage after a decade-long hiatus. This run of shows marks their 20th anniversary, along with eleven years since they’ve toured in North America, making their stop at The Foundry all the more anticipated. Made up of Lovefoxxx (stage name of Luísa Hanae Matsushita), Luiza Sá, Ana Rezende, and Carolina Parra, CCS blends lyrics in English and Portuguese to create electro-rock songs that are perfect for dancing along to. // 8 p.m., $38, AA – E.Z.P.
The Black Crowes are still rockin’. After 15 years, the band released their 10th record, Happiness Bastards. Released in March, it’s a loud, unapologetic blues/rock album that salutes the band’s past, present, and future. The iconic American rock band will be closing out their North America run at The Met Philly on Tuesday, and with an extensive catalog to play from, the show is sure to delight fans both old and new. // 8 p.m., $76.15 and up, AA – E.Z.P.
Another band with fresh music, The Decemberists are hitting The Filmore with three new singles under their belts and an album, As It Ever Was, So It Will Be Again, on the way. Known for their indie folk songs that often focus on themes of folklore and historical events, the band is also known for their fun live shows, complete with audience participation – just another reason to catch The Decemberists live this week! // 8 p.m., $67, AA – E.Z.P.
Cleveland rockers Cloud Nothings come to The Foundry this Wednesday, touring to promote their new record Final Summer, their first release through Pure Noise records. Joining them on the bill are two Philadelphia-based power-pop acts; Hurry, who released their sixth record Don’t Look Back last year, and A Country Western, who released Life on the Lawn earlier this year to critical acclaim. // 8:30 p.m., $34.25, AA – Claire Brown
Amidst their fourth reunion, Sunny Day Real Estate is bringing real emo back this Thursday, celebrating the 30th anniversary of their landmark debut album “Diary.” Earlier this year, they released the new single “Novum Vetus,” their first release since breaking up in 2013, and just this week they released the follow-up single “Grendel;” could new music be on the way? The 90s emo kid inside us all stays hoping… // 8:00 p.m., $59, AA – C.B.
Indie rocker and hometown heroine Lily McKown brings her understated brand of indie rock to The Khyber Pass Pub this Thursday, performing alongside Ohio-based pop-rock band sugardeer. Lowercase Roses and Breadboy open as well, making this the perfect bill if you’re looking for some downcast indie rock vibes. // 8 p.m., $12, 21+ – C.B.
Philly-based emo band Sweet Pill takes the stage at Union Transfer this Friday. Your favorite emo band’s favorite emo band, their newest EP Starchild was released this spring on the band’s new label, Hopeless Records. Joining them on this massive bill are a myriad of indie rock groups – Catbite, equipment, Broke Body, and Have a Good Season all open. // 6 p.m., $20, AA – C.B.
Minneapolis pop duo Bad Bad Hats are coming to Kung Fu Necktie this Friday. Fresh off the release of their newest self-titled LP through Philly’s Don Giovanni Records, dubbed “the flower album” due to its cover art, Bad Bad Hats are crushing it on their world tour with Pronoun. Catch them in Philly before they head up the East Coast and then across the pond! // 7pm, $18, 21+ – Maeve Zeleniak
Icelandic singer-songwriter Laufey (pronounced lay-vay) is Gen Z’s jazz artist. Coming to Philly as part of Bewitched: The Goddess Tour, she was the most streamed jazz artist on Spotify in 2022. Which is insane. How did viral hits like “Valentine” and “From the Start” beat out classic greats Ella Fitzgerald and Chet Baker? See for yourself at the Met this Friday. // 8pm, $153.75 and up (verified resale), all ages – M.Z.
Following the release of their third full-length album Playing Favorites, Philly hard-rock band Sheer Mag is concluding their US tour back at home at the First Unitarian Church. Expect retro sound and campy vibes and “straight up rock bangers,” according to singer Tina Halladay in their Spotify bio. Catch Sheer Mag this weekend with Mopar Stars and Gen Gap.  // 7:30pm, $18, all ages – M.Z.
WXPN welcomes fellow Philadelphian Julia Pratt back home on Saturday. “Chronos, Cruel Handler,” released April 12, features hauntingly beautiful vocals and a nostalgic, upbeat acoustics, is the newest single from her upcoming release Family Feud. As an emerging artist, her music has range, but it’s all connected to Pratt’s central message – you’re not alone. // 7:30pm, $23, all ages – M.Z.
Katie Pruitt makes beautiful ballads about big subjects like mental health and religion. Her first album, Expectations, was based on her own personal experience coming of age as a queer woman in the deeply Christian South; Pruitt grew up in Atlanta and is now based in Nashville. Pruitt released Mantras, her second record, to rave reviews just last month. The rising singer-songwriter heads to Philly on Saturday the 11th at World Cafe. // 7 p.m., $22, AA – Dylan Itkin
World Cafe Live is celebrating Asian American Month and Pacific Islander Heritage Month with a can’t-miss concert featuring an impressive line-up of Asian-American artists. The event will be hosted by local Korean-American rocker Judah Kim and John Faye, who recently explored his musical career in a memoir, The Yin and the Yang of it All: Rock’n’Roll Memories From The Cusp, as Told by a Mixed-Up Mixed-Race Kid. In addition to Kim and Faye, three other stellar musicians join the bill: pop-rock powerhouse Moonroof, acoustic ensemble Beau Frères, and singer-songwriter Alyssa Garcia. WXPN’s John Vettese recently interviewed Kim, Faye, and Garcia about their musical careers and the difficulties of dealing with a predominantly-white music scene. All three artists also performed on air; check out the full interview here. // 7:30 p.m., $20, AA – D.I.
In a review of Don McCloskey’s 2023 XPNFest performance, Gavyn Green wrote “Few artists embody the heart and soul of WXPN” like this local singer-songwriter. McCloskey sometimes performs with a whopping 8-person band and breezily shifts between soul, Americana, folk, and rock and roll. McCloskey has played all across the city from the Met to the Mann, opening for the It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia Podcast. At Brooklyn Bowl, he promises to deliver a riveting, retro good time. Local artist Lucas Rinz will open the show. // 8 p.m., $27.85, 21+ – D.I.
Philly artist Mike Polizze began Purling Hiss in 2009 and played his first show as an opener for Kurt Vile. Since then, he’s experimented with a wide variety of rock styles, moving between stunning psychedelia, garage fuzz, and indie jams. Sometimes his sound stretches towards folk; at other moments, Polizze shreds with thrilling power. Axis: Sova and Full Size will open for the band at Johnny Brenda’s.// 8 p.m., $15, 21+