Though Drake’s It’s All A Blur tour officially ended on April 5, 2024, fans may be curious to know whether—and when—they’ll be able to catch the artist on the road again this year. Especially given his near-constant appearance in headlines in recent weeks, the “First Person Shooter” rapper may surprise us with a new album and concert dates very soon. Here’s everything we know about how to get Drake tickets in 2024, whenever they do go on sale: To start, we recommend bookmarking or subscribing for updates on TicketMaster, StubHub and SeatGeek so you’re alerted as soon as dates go live.
Though Drake hasn't officially announced another tour, we're sharing everything we know about how to ... More get Drake tickets in 2024, whenever they happen to go on sale.
While we can’t say for sure when a new tour will be announced, we can speculate about where to buy Drake tickets when the time comes. As mentioned above, some ticket retailers let you sign up for email updates, so you’ll be among the first to know when Drake tickets go on sale. They’ll probably sell out immediately on first-party sites, so in case you miss those, we’ve also included some ticket resellers to check as a backup.
While there’s no concrete news about the dates or locations for the next Drake tour, there are already some rumors swirling about whether and when it may be announced. Drake has barely been out of the headlines since his last album, For All The Dogs, dropped last October, and especially so in the last six weeks since the It’s All A Blur tour ended. Drake’s beef with Kendrick Lamar went from “0 to 100” and has kept him busy and in the news.
Though we’ll spare you the saga on the feud in its entirety—a lot has happened between October of last year and now—we’ve been keeping up to look for clues on what might come next. On May 12, Drake took to Instagram and posted a story many are interpreting to mean that he’s stepping back from feuding with Lamar. On top of an illustration depicting one sworded soldier standing in front of an army that vastly outnumbers him, Drake added the text: “Good times. Summer vibes up next.”
We’re not qualified to determine who won this epic beef, but we’re relieved it’s over and hope that Drake can get some sleep. It’s entirely possible that “summer vibes” might be referencing a new album release and a tour to follow—and because Drake has been seen on stage with other acts like Nicki Minaj in recent weeks, he may very well be gearing back up for performances of his own.
Drake’s It’s All A Blur tour in North America started on July 5, 2023 in Chicago, Illinois and ended on April 5, 2024 in Newark, New Jersey. As soon as we learn of any new tour dates, we’ll update this article with everything you need to know about how to get Drake tickets for his next tour.
Prices for tickets to Drake’s It’s All A Blur tour varied by city, venue and proximity to the stage. The cheapest original standard tickets sold for about $100, in general, although they didn’t last long. The pricier original tickets sold for around $500, and of course when they hit the reseller sites they could cost much more than that. Some ticket brokers reported offering great deals for some Drake tickets, though, with prices as low as $69.
If a future Drake tour is similar to the last one, you may be able to unlock presale tickets. For example, Cash App card holders may be able to use their card to buy tickets by typing in the first nine digits on your Cash App card.
There may also be other presale opportunities available to holders of other credit cards, or codes released through social media, fan clubs or blogs. As soon as we’re aware of any presale dates, we’ll share what we know.
Many of the writers and editors at Forbes Vetted have a deep love of concerts and live music events. That’s why we follow popular artists, research the best ways to find concert tickets and keep you in the know when it comes to finding the best seats and prices for popular concert events. Here are some other ticket stories to shop: