Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
Singer/songwriter Janet Jackson has hopped on the rumor train when it comes to VP Kamala Harris‘ heritage.
During a recent interview with The Guardian, Jackson bizarrely questioned whether the 2024 Presidential candidate is black.
“Well, you know what they supposedly said? She’s not Black. That’s what I heard. That she’s Indian,” she told the reporter. When the profile writer clarified that she is of both Black and South Asian heritage, Jackson answered, “Her father’s white. That’s what I was told. I mean, I haven’t watched the news in a few days. I was told they discovered her father was white.”
Jackson’s comments align with right-wing conspiracy theories that have been perpetuated by GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump. 
At the presidential debate held earlier this month, he said, “I don’t know. I mean all I can say is I read where she was not Black. And then I read that she was Black and that’s OK. Either one was OK with me. That’s up to her.”
It has been proven that Harris’ father, Donald, is a Jamaican American professor of economics at Stanford University, while her late mother, Shyamala Gopalan, a renowned breast cancer researcher and scientist, came from southern India. Both parents immigrated to the United States and met as graduate students at the University of California, Berkeley.
In Harris’ 2019 memoir, The Truths We Hold, she wrote, “My mother, grandparents, aunts and uncle instilled us with pride in our South Asian roots. Our classical Indian names harked back to our heritage, and we were raised with a strong awareness of and appreciation for Indian culture.”
She added, however, “My mother understood very well that she was raising two Black daughters. She knew that her adopted homeland would see Maya [her sister] and me as Black girls, and she was determined to make sure we would grow into confident, proud Black women.”
The Jackson interview took another strange turn when she started talking about “all this child trafficking crap that’s going on,” especially since her late brother Michael Jackson secured several child sexual abuse allegations prior to his passing.
When it comes to the 2024 election, Jackson says she believes the U.S. will descend into “mayhem” regardless of the results this November.
Jackson is a multiplatinum artist who has influenced some of the biggest R&B and pop stars from Britney Spears to Kendrick Lamar.
The five-time Grammy-winning artist has also appeared on screen in Will & Grace (where she played herself), Fame, Good Times, Nutty Professor II: The Klumps, and Poetic Justice, for which she won an Oscar nom for Best Original Song.
She is currently on the second leg of her Together Again tour. Her older brother, Tito, the founding guitarist of The Jackson 5, died this week.

This story has been shared 1,675 times.
1,675


This story has been shared 1,664 times.
1,664


This story has been shared 595 times.
595


This story has been shared 577 times.
577


This story has been shared 382 times.
382


This story has been shared 347 times.
347


This story has been shared 314 times.
314


This story has been shared 247 times.
247


This story has been shared 201 times.
201


This story has been shared 187 times.
187


This story has been shared 178 times.
178


This story has been shared 165 times.
165


This story has been shared 158 times.
158


This story has been shared 110 times.
110


This story has been shared 102 times.
102