Get the top stories of the day around the DMV.
The Washington Informer

					Black News, Commentary and Culture | The Washington Informer				
Word in Black is a collaboration of 10 of the nation’s leading Black publishers that frames the narrative and fosters solutions for racial inequities in America.
Warren Patrick’s friends surrounded him in the lobby of Capital Turnaround and cheered as he smirked and took several photos. All this in celebration of a delayed, but very significant milestone: public charter school summer graduation. 
Earlier that afternoon, Patrick, wearing his burgundy graduation cap and gown, kente stole, Cartier frames and newly styled locs, calmly but confidently walked across the stage. Though he thought the day would never come, Patrick admitted that it left him hungry for more.   
“It’s not the same feeling I thought I would have but it’s a stepping stone and a strong start for new opportunities,” said Patrick, a newly minted alumnus of Thurgood Marshall Academy Public Charter School, who recently entered an electrical apprenticeship program. 
This summer, Patrick persevered through world history — the last course needed to complete high school — with the support of friends, family, and Thurgood Marshall Academy staff members Brian Moore and Hazmat Saba. 
He said that, along the way to high school graduation, he learned about himself and his potential for greatness. 
“If I keep going, I can overcome anything. I could never give up with the right people in my corner,” Patrick, 19, told The Informer with his friends within earshot planning the next move for the day. “I was disappointed [when I didn’t graduate on time] but my friends were there for me, as long as I walked across the stage.” 
Two dozen young people from seven public charter schools braved a torrential downpour to participate in the D.C. Public Charter School Summer Graduation, hosted by the D.C. Public Charter School Board (DCPCSB) and D.C. Charter School Alliance.   
The Aug. 9 event brought hundreds of family, friends, and charter school staff members who cheered on the graduates as they walked into the auditorium, each with a cap and gown color specific to their public charter school. The cheers continued as each graduate’s photo appeared on a screen at the front of the auditorium. 
Those in attendance included Dr. Michelle J. Walker-Davis, DCPCSB executive director, and D.C. State Board of Education Representatives Jacque Patterson (At-large) and Eboni-Rose Thompson (Ward 7). 
The public charter schools represented at the graduation were: Friendship Collegiate Academy Public Charter School; Girls Global Academy Public Charter School; IDEA Public Charter School; KIPP DC College Preparatory Public Charter School; Paul Public Charter School; Thurgood Marshall Academy Public Charter High School; and Washington Leadership Academy Public Charter School. 
Shantelle Wright, DCPCSB board member, served as the mistress of ceremonies. Graduates heard recorded congratulatory remarks from D.C. Council members Robert White (D-At large), Zachary Parker (D-Ward 5) and Charles Allen (D-Ward 6).
Dr. Antoinette S. Mitchell, interim state superintendent and native Washingtonian, later took to the podium. She invoked the legacy of her great-grandmother and grandfather as she spoke in solidarity with students who, just like her ancestors, are living through perilous times. 
“You powered past COVID, distance learning and all that happens in our city and [around the] world,” Mitchell said. “You completed the preparation and deserve a round of applause. The opportunity part is ahead of you.” 
Tamiya Walker, IDEA PCS graduate and student speaker, kept it short and sweet as she too spoke about her grandmother, whose health problems weighed heavily on her and almost derailed her path to high school graduation. 
“The road to get here wasn’t easy but I did it,” said Tamiya, an aspiring nurse and realtor. “This milestone is the beginning of my bright future. I would like to thank the staff for pushing me to the finish line. This is the time when things got tough. I wanted to give up on myself, but you didn’t.” 
Moments later, Angel Gregorio, founder and owner of Spice Suite, gave a commencement address in acknowledgment of her tumultuous upbringing and friends that helped her matriculate through Banneker Academic High School and Howard University. She channeled the wisdom of Kendrick Lamar, Eminem, J. Cole, and even Albert Einstein as she implored graduates to live life fearlessly with the right people in their corner. 
“Your tribe will ask you to brag and force you to go harder,” Gregorio told the graduates. “If you’re scared, do it scared. The best life is lived without regret. Bring people with you to the top. Sometimes, the only time you will make it is with someone else.” 
Yarisbel Maloney told The Informer that she wouldn’t have been able to make it to graduation without her family and support system at Girls Global Academy PCS. 
This summer, Maloney retook a ninth grade English course she failed while attending Banneker Academic High School virtually as a freshman. With a high school diploma, she has her sights set on college, where she hopes to study criminal justice and psychology. 
“It took me a while to learn to keep going and always look at the bright side,” said Maloney, an 18-year-old soccer phenom who’s also exploring a career as a student athlete and coach. “Even though I failed, it didn’t mean that I [wouldn’t] keep going. My mom, grandma and counselor were always there for me, looking for new ways to get me where I’m supposed to be.” 
Not too far from Maloney, legions of family members, including parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles, siblings, and cousins, surrounded KIPP College Preparatory PCS graduate Mekahi Fisher in the lobby of Capital Turnaround after the graduation ceremony. 
This summer, Fisher retook English, a class he failed, not due to his lack of ability, but because of attendance issues. That experience, he said, showed him the power of a strong support system. He expressed no plans to disappoint his cheerleaders as he pursues at least one trade.  
“My family wanted me to do better,” said Fisher, 18. “They pushed me and they motivated me. I was coming to school almost every day and not taking it seriously. I learned that I don’t have to waste my time.” 
When my father, Dr. Calvin W. Rolark, founded this paper over 60 years ago, he envisioned more than just a newspaper—he dreamed of a platform to uplift our community with stories of triumph and resilience. His unwavering dedication to service shaped our mission, which remains steadfast: to serve, inform, and empower. Today, providing free, fact-based local journalism is more challenging than ever, but the need has only grown. 
Your support is vital to sustaining this legacy.
Publisher Denise Rolark-Barnes

			Thanks for your contribution!		

							Sam P.K. Collins has nearly 20 years of journalism experience, a significant portion of which he gained at The Washington Informer. On any given day, he can be found piecing together a story, conducting...															
								More by Sam P.K. Collins								

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
We proudly serve the African-American community — families, neighborhoods, businesses, people of faith and more — in the DMV. Learn more about how we serve you.

Enter the code sent to your email.


Email address



Enter your password



					Sign in by entering the code we sent to , or clicking the magic link in the email.				

By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.						

						Get the best of The Washington Informer directly in your email inbox.					

						Sending to: