By
In a new podcast episode, Suge Knight disapproves of Drake using an AI-generated Tupac Shakur verse to diss West Coast rap star Kendrick Lamar.
During the Collect Call podcast, Suge credits the use of Tupac’s voice in the diss to immaturity but also disapproves of Drake mimicking Snoop Dogg on the same freestyle, suggesting that Snoop aided in Pac’s downfall. Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg had unresolved issues with each other before his untimely death in 1996.  
“Young people do what young people do. It’s y’all turn, but regarding the homie Pac, he wasn’t no chump,” Suge tells co-host Dave Mays via collect call. Putting him on a song and dissing Kendrick [Lamar] for everybody’s entertainment—that ain’t how it goes.”
Suge continued: “Then putting him on a song with Snoop, who was a part of his downfall and exit, ain’t ever a good look. ‘Pac was a king on that chessboard. He never was a pawn, so he can’t make him be a pawn now.”
Suge and Snoop’s beef is unknown. Suge wants to talk to Snoop, who acquired the Death Row label in 2022.
“I really, really, really gotta have a real conversation with Snoop,” Knight said in a November 2023 episode of the podcast. “I knew that ‘Pac did everything right by him by putting him on All Eyez On Me, speaking about him, and being real with him. And if it’s true what they say, face-to-face it’s gonna be a lot of explaining to do.”
Snoop Dogg responded to Drake’s “Taylor Made Freestyle” over the weekend via Instagram. The legend appeared confused and unwarranted about the feature dissing a fellow West Coast rapper. 
“They did what? When? How? Are you sure? [Sigh] Y’all have a good night,” he said in a brief Instagram clip. “Why everybody calling my phone, blowing me up? What the fuck— what happened? What’s going on? I’m going back to bed. Good night.”
Mopreme Shakur, Tupac’s brother, said using Tupac’s voice for a rap battle was too much. Mopreme told TMZ Hip Hop, “Drake using Pac’s voice is like bringing out a tank, or even going with a nuclear option — and he thinks the battle should be 1-on-1 … with no outside help.”
Mopreme disapproves of Drake pretending to be Tupac but approves of Kendrick using a modified Tupac interview in his album, To Pimp A Butterfly, as it paid homage. “Using Tupac for beef is not okay,” says Mopreme. Of course, love hearing my brother’s voice … just not in a battle.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97