Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Gemini and Virgo just get each other. Their astrological compatibility could come down to them sharing the same ruling planet, Mercury.
Both signs are cerebral and share a focus on communication — but their strengths shine differently. Gemini is an air sign and brings curiosity, adaptability and quick thinking. Virgo, an earth sign, brings practicality, attention to detail and analytical skills into all they do.
They are likely to find chatting with each other natural and easy. Together, they will find a balance between excitement and stability.
Dates: May 21 to June 20
Element: Air 
Modality: Mutable 
Planetary Ruler: Mercury 
Represented by: The twins
Famous Gemini: Marilyn Monroe, Laverne Cox, Angelina Jolie, John F. Kennedy, Heidi Klum, Kendrick Lamar, Tom Holland, Prince, Zoe Saldaña, Amy Schumer, Blake Shelton, Naomi Campbell, Paul McCartney, Peter Dinklage, Neil Patrick Harris
Dates: Approximately Aug. 23 to Sept. 22
Element: Earth
Modality: Mutable  
Planetary ruler: Mercury  
Represented by: The maiden 
Famous Virgos: Beyoncé, Keke Palmer, Zendaya, Nicole Richie, Blake Lively, Keke Palmer, Melissa McCarthy, Chris Pine, Shania Twain, Jennifer Coolidge, Blair Underwood, Jennifer Hudson, Nick Jonas
Geminis love to learn new things, and they love to do it all the time. They are excellent conversationalists and seemingly never run out of energy for chatting about any topic on earth. They tend to be quite extroverted and silly, especially if they think they share company with those who find them amusing. The “twins” of the zodiac also are able to see situations from from a dual perspective. They are social creatures and are likely to have a calendar full of invites, which they will surely enliven.
Count on Virgo to do the right thing. Virgos are known to be organized and responsible. They prefer things to go a certain way — their way, typically well-thought-out — and can feel stressed when things don’t go according to plan. They are loyal, kind, hardworking and practical. Virgos may be shy and overly critical of themselves and others. However, they have patience and are true friends that will fight on behalf of those they love. 
Gemini and Virgo share a strong mental connection due to the fact they are both ruled by communication planet Mercury. 
Beyond that, these two balance one another out. There are times where Gemini’s lack of focus will be a pain point for Virgo and their perfectionist streak. However, they can make these differences work for them by using their mutual superpower: Communication. 
Friendship between Gemini and Virgo is whimsical yet practical;  intellectually stimulating yet supportive. These two will have lively conversations over their shared interests. Gemini may be too flighty for Virgo at times which means Gemini needs to commit to this friendship in order for it to work.
Gemini and Virgo complement one another more than other earth and air sign combinations do. Gemini is adaptable, meaning that it can follow Virgo's lead (and planning). In Gemini, Virgo will find a space to let loose; in Virgo, Gemini will find a source of stability and exploration. Note that this romance might take time. When it comes to romance, Gemini can be restless while Virgo needs order, which may lead to them taking a different pace through exploring their feelings.
A Gemini-Virgo marriage is serious business but also very vibrant. Gemini’s quick thinking is a natural companion to Virgo’s attention to detail. Gemini makes big life plans; Virgo helps execute them. Gemini may overlook details when it comes to plans or chores and that might bother Virgo, who feels burdened. If they can communicate their problems and showcase their strengths, this marriage can be resilient. These two must find a way to compromise between spontaneity and structure. This marriage will benefit from a mix of their unique qualities.
Gemini and Virgo are natural teammates. Gemini is adaptable and thinks on the fly while Virgo is a thorough, analytical planner. They will help the other through their blindspots. Gemini may struggle with focus and getting the details right; Virgo may get too lost in details. With effective communication and mutual respect they can have a balanced professional relationship that combines creativity with precision. 
Heidi Klum (Gemini) and Tom Kaulitz (Virgo)
Zendaya (Virgo) and Tom Holland (Gemini)
David Arquette (Virgo) and Courteney Cox (Gemini)
Lisa Stardust is a New York City-based astrologer. Stardust is the resident astrologer for Oprah Magazine, Teen Vogue and The Hoodwitch. She has two upcoming books: “Saturn Return Survival Guide: Navigating this cosmic rite of passage” is due out this May from Hardie Grant Books and “The Cosmic Deck” from Chronicle Books is due out in November. Follow Lisa on Instagram for her daily horoscopes @lisastardustastro.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.