The nearly eight-minute song unites generations of rap talent for the dizzying posse cut. 

							By 

	DeMicia Inman

Staff Writer, News

	Some of the greatest Hip-Hop posse cuts often share a message, such as “Self Destruction” released in 1989 by the KRS-One founded the Stop the Violence Movement. Others bring together top spitters for competitive showcases of skills such as “1 Train,” which united the talents of A$AP Rocky, Kendrick Lamar, Joey Bada$$, Yelawolf, Danny Brown, Action Bronson, and Big K.R.I.T.

	Additional lauded records such as “24 Hours To Live” released in 1997 with Ma$e featuring DMX, Diddy, Styles P, Sheek Louch, Jadakiss, and Black Rob offer different perspectives in alignment with a common theme. 

	In his breakout year, New Yorker Cash Cobain followed the formula of the third-mentioned track, uniting rappers across generations, regions, and sounds in “Problem.”  Flipping rising talent Laila!’s viral “Not My Problem” into a sexy drill beat, the 26-year-old invited Fabolous, Kenzo B, Big Sean, Lay Bankz, Luh Tyler, Anycia, Chow Lee, Kaliii, 6LACK, Flo Milli, YN Jay, Flee, Don Q, and Rob49 to contribute verses to the official track.  

	The slightly dizzying yet ultimately fun collaboration finds each artist explicitly laying out what is and isn’t their issue, making use of Laila!’s original “That’s just not my problem” declaration. Offerings from Yachty, Capella Grey, Karrahbooo, King Combs, and Veeze were scrapped (for now). 

The Bronx native, who is currently on the Y2K! Tour with Ice Spice, officially released “Problem” on Tuesday (Aug. 14) ahead of something bigger. His Play Cash Cobain album, due later this month, is set to feature popular singles “Dunk Contest,” “Fisherrr” featuring Bay Swag, and “Rump Punch,” as well as the new collaborative effort.
? PLAY CASH COBAIN? CASH COBAIN? AUGUST 23RD, 2024 pic.twitter.com/MBCLuKRAQM

	“Straight sexiness. Back to back, play it out — no skips, sexy music,” details Cash Cabain of the pending album to Billboard. “I just want to show y’all I’m really serious about this. I’m not no one or two hit wonder — I am here to stay.”

	With Hip-Hop’s competitive nature, it is impossible to listen to most songs with more than one rapper and not debate on the best verse. Combining over a dozen artists for the ultimate slizzy summer closing, “Problem” is no different. 

	Read below for VIBE’s ranking of each guest verse in Cash Cobain’s “Problem” and listen to the track above.

	It’s not just the 46-year-old rapping about “baddies” with artists young enough to be his children. As the track’s veteran Fabolous‘ verse should’ve stood out as the strongest, unfortunately, his stale melodic delivery and nods to The Notorious BIG’s 1997 “Mo Money Mo Problems” and A$AP Rocky’s 2012 “F**kin’ Problems” (also featuring Kendrick Lamar, 2 Chainz, and Drake) just felt out of place. His spot might’ve been better filled by the scrapped Karrahboo verse.

Kenzo B‘s moment features quotable one-liners such as “And if you think that I’m your bae, that’s not my problem,” however, her overall delivery falls flat. Her rhyme skills, albeit promising, get lost in the 7-and-a-half minute track and by the end, is not one to call back.

	While Don Q delivers a quick and solid verse, it does not stand out or land any hard-hitting quotables. It efficiently gets the job done, as a verse needed to take up time and space in the posse cut. It is not by any means bad, but it is definitely not the part that will be yelled back to DJ’s at the clubs and parties.

	Like Fabolous, Big Sean‘s verse seems a little out of place due to his age but for different reasons. While the Brooklyn native opts to try and fit in with the rising rappers with lines about eaters, the Detroit millennial takes the opposite path. Hit mature lyrics about finances, growing up, grief, and hard work, although well-rhymed, are slightly awkward in the sexy drill song.

Luh Tyler is wrapped in problems only an 18-year-old should deal with in his verse. He can’t stop cheating, and ni**as are weird. As with most Luh Tyler songs, the best part is his slimy delivery anchored by his Florida accent, which is perfectly juxtaposed against the sample.

Rob49 has the last and longest verse on “Problem” and tries his best to not waste a second. The New Orleans rapper comes with his signature raunchy style, balanced with looming threats and rich flexes. Overall, it’s satisfactory. However, it doesn’t offer the bang desired in closing the track.

	Known for her explicit rap skills, Kalii stays on brand by coming in hot from her first line, “Coochie wet, I got a good pu**y problem.” The soon-to-be mother swaps her signature, sultry, whisper-like delivery for a bold flex of Chanel bags and an unlimited face card, making sure her voice is heard.

	Lay Banks’ airy, high-pitched vocals are well balanced with Laila!’s “Problem” sample. The quick bars are confident, bold and sexy, yet the verse seems unfinished. With a few more lines, Lay Banks might be ranked a little higher.

Anycia‘s deep, smoky tone is the perfect match for “Problem.” Her laidback, nonchalant delivery is surprisingly refreshing on the drill beat. She raps with just enough energy to make you believe that she cares but not so much that she’s pressed. The Atlanta rapper’s signature “huhhhh” is also one of the smoothest adlibs out right now.

	Another sexy drill pioneer, Chow Lee‘s verse is blatant and witty. He is not only effective in the collab but has some moments that stand out in the verse, such as “Two bi**hes, one me, that’s not a problem/ Five bi**hes, two-seater, this a problem.”

Flee and Cash Cobain have an undeniable chemistry and it shows. He sounds most at home among his peers in “Problem” and also seemingly had some of the most fun. Although his portion is quick, Flee is down bad, in the freakiest ways. With a nasty whisper, he elaborates on his horny state of mind.

	Flint, MI., rapper YN Jay is one of the scene’s most animated rhymers and he brings that personality to “Problem.” Perhaps the most exciting verse to sing along with, the “Coochie Man” makes the best use of Laila!’s sample by not relying on her original lyrics for every punchline.

6LACK‘s verse surprisingly stands out. Not because it is rapped well, as we know he is a skilled artist, but as his first go at sexy drill, he doesn’t fumble. While the Atlanta native’s fan-favorite tracks explore the intricacies of love and life, in “Problem,” he takes it outside. Although he sneaks in a line or two relating to the woes of an ex, the 32-year-old came for the slizzy party.

Flo Milli can rap, and this undeniable fact holds in “Problem.” The Alabama rapper has made it clear since her debut that she is not the one to play with and her verse doubles down on that claim. Opting for a melodic delivery, Flo Milli effortlessly reminds listeners, “I know h*es hate my guts, but I guess that’s not my problem.”

	Of course, it’s his song so why wouldn’t Cash Cobain have the best verse? The musician, who crafted the beat, clearly heard himself when he reimagined Laila’s “Not My Problem.” His verse is outlandish, catchy, and true as he crowns himself “the horniest ni**a alive.” While simple, Cash’s offering perfectly opens the door for the 14 verses to follow.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.