Fans are dissecting every detail of the teaser.

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

SZA is celebrating the two-year anniversary of her groundbreaking album SOS with an exciting teaser for its deluxe edition. The Grammy-winner shared a cryptic trailer on social media, leaving fans anticipating a new drop.

	The video, posted Mon. (Dec. 9), shows SZA crouching by a stream in the woods to pee, before text appears reading “Lana” above “SOS Deluxe.” The clip, soundtracked by an unreleased track sampling the Isley Brothers’ classic “Voyage to Atlantis,” is captioned: “Clock starts now. Happy anniversary.”

	










	Fans have since dissected every detail of the teaser. Some have noted that SZA’s shirt features the number five, while others think a dark patch of dirt in the clip makes out the same number. Many are speculating that this could point to a Friday (Dec.13) release date, but nothing official has been confirmed.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






A post shared by RAPSEASON (@rapseason)

	Adding to the intrigue, it remains unclear if Lana—a project SZA has previously described as a separate release—has now been announced as thee SOS Deluxe. In a recent interview with British Vogue, SZA described Lana as a “welcome shift,” explaining how her creative process has evolved.

	“I think I am making music from a more beautiful place. From a more possible place versus a more angsty place,” she explained to the outlet. “I’m not identifying with my brokenness. It’s not my identity. It’s sh*t that happened to me. Yeah, I experienced cruelty. I have to put it down at some point. Piece by piece, my music is shifting because of that, the lighter I get.”

	Fans have even more to look forward to as SZA is also joining Kendrick Lamar for his upcoming Grand National tour. The co-headlining 21-date trek kicks off in Minnesota on April 19 and will hit major cities including Houston, Atlanta, New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Toronto before wrapping in D.C. on June 18.
A post shared by Kendrick Lamar (@kendricklamar)

	With the possible SOS Deluxe on the horizon and the Grand National tour in the works, SZA is making sure her fans are thirsty for more as she gears up for the New Year.

	See the trailer for Lana above. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.