Home » Music
Drake’s father stepped in to defend his son and blast Joe Budden for his prolonged tirade aimed at his son on the Joe Budden Podcast on Nov. 27.
Dennis Graham — father of the record-breaking music artist Aubrey “Drake” Graham — roared like a lion after Budden went nuclear on Drizzy for filing petitions in court against Universal Music Group in New York and Texas. Drake is accusing UMG of doctoring the numbers of the blockbuster track, “Not Like Us” by Kendrick Lamar, in order to make it an even greater global hit than it already was.
On Nov. 27, Graham breathed fire on Instagram, ordering Budden to “Stand down now!!!!!!!!!” when it comes to his son, according to AllHipHop.com
The patriarch of the Graham family then issued a veiled threat to Budden. 
“Joe need to back the f— off,” Graham said, according to the publication. “This has nothing to do with him, period.” 
Graham clapped back at Budden in retaliation for his volcanic eruption on Drake earlier in the day after the latter filed the legal paperwork.
“He’s a selfish, lying, manipulative sack of s— who has made enemies for 15 years, and now we’re here at the f—ing boiling point,” Budden began on his eponymous podcast. 
“You been behind the scenes being the biggest sack of s— you can possibly be,” Budden said of Drake. “I’m not here to f—ing play games with you n—-s. N—-s know what it is out there. That’s it. And he’s f—ing white. And he’s Jewish, and he had too much dip on his chip.” 
Budden appropriated the balance of this podcast episode firing verbal missiles at Drake for allegedly being unscrupulous and uncouth in his business dealings and personal relationships behind the scenes — only to make himself look like a principled and honorable musician publicly.
“This n—-’s been a sack of s— behind the scenes,” Budden said about Drake as he revved it up again. “Because he’s got fans and had Lucien [Grange] everybody just gets to turn a blind eye. The blind eye days are done. That’s done with now. I don’t want to hear none of that s— now.” 
This is not the first time Drake’s father took off after Joe Budden for chastising his son on his podcast. In October 2023, Graham took aim at Budden and a plethora of other Drake critics at the time.  
“It’s a f—ing shame that a young artist can’t do his own thing and enjoy his glory without an old hater mutherf—ing trying to bust his bubble because he has nothing going on, and to mention or put a limit on what age anyone should be dealing with which is none of his g—– business as long as they’re of legal age,” Graham wrote in an Instagram comment. “I am sick of these old f—ing haters f—ing with my son. If you don’t like what he does keep it moving mutherf—er, he’s not bothering you!!!!!!!!!!” 
Drake’s father calls himself “a player,” and he has undoubtedly inserted himself into the middle of this nasty musical game of legalities and ethics.