ByIme Ekpo
ByIme Ekpo,
 Contributor. 
Ghostface Killah 'Set the Tone' 
It has been five years since we've heard a full-length album from Ghostface Killah. However, Ghostface has not slowed down, appearing on several features since 2019. These include Kendrick Lamar’s “Purple Hearts” with Summer Walker, two dense verses on the late DJ Kay Slay’s “Rolling 110 Deep”, and a recent collaboration with Raekwon for a New York Knicks and Kith campaign last month.
Now the hip-hop legend has utilized 2024 to release his 14th studio album, Set the Tone (Guns and Roses) via Mass Appeal Records, the label co-owned by Nas.
Officially released last Friday (May 10), the nineteen-track medley is a two-part saga showcasing the modern art of Ghostface. One side represents the "Guns," where Tony Starks, one of his most heralded alter egos, enters his gritty, classic assassin mode. On the "Roses" side, we are greeted with Pretty Toney, the romantic, luxurious rebel.
Anyone familiar with Killah's work can easily pick up on the hardcore contrast between the two sides.
OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA - OCTOBER 01: Ghostface Killah of Wu-Tang Clan (L) and Nas perform during the ... More "New York State of Mind" tour at Oakland Arena on October 01, 2022 in Oakland, California. (Photo by Tim Mosenfelder/Getty Images)
Ghost announced the arrival of Set the Tone when he took to Instagram at the top of May to share the release of his new single with Nas, “Scar Tissue.” The track, which serves as the album’s premiere single, showcases Nas delivering a performance reminiscent of the 1990s, bringing a sense of matured class from that era. “Nothing bigger than Ghostface and Esco / Legal Mexican cartel money, call me Arnesco,” Nas raps.
In the flashy visual for the single, produced by Rock Davis, the Staten Island and Queens representatives are seen showcasing their camaraderie.
Ghostface complements this with his signature mafioso aesthetic, rapping, “Bottles of Sangria / Monsters jumpin' out of trucks like a concierge / Pasta, prawns over lobsters, oysters, diamond chips.” One of the standout features of the song is the production by T the Human, who provides the perfect pulse to match the diction of the two MCs.
The presence of Nas was seen as a sign of more features to come, and about a week later, over ten additional features were confirmed. These included his fellow Wu-Tang Clan brothers Raekwon and Method Man, as well as Ye (Kanye West), Fat Joe, Ja Rule, Serani, Remy Ma, Busta Rhymes, Sheek Louch, Jim Jones, and more. Indeed, the album is star-studded but remains a pure reflection of the Staten Island rapper's arena in rap.
HOLMDEL, NJ - SEPTEMBER 01:  (L-R) Ghostface Killah and Sheek Louch attend the 2012 Rock The Bells ... More music festival at the PNC Bank Arts Center on September 1, 2012 in Holmdel, New Jersey.  (Photo by Johnny Nunez/WireImage)
Ghostface embarks on a real rap homie link-up on “6 Minutes” featuring Sheek Louch and Jim Jones. “Ayo, ayo, who the...is this? / Hittin' me at 5:46 in the morning?,” Ghost leads on with the classic Biggie line on what appears to be the grittiest track on the album, “Pair of Hammers” featuring explosive bars from Method Man: “My mouth talk dirty with grammar, my tongue filthy / My arms come with armor, by baby momma's a milfy,” Method Man bars.
Raekwon offers a ruthless soulful vibe on “Skate Odyssey” with angelic vocals of October London tuning the chorus. The album also brings some slick dancehall with Beniton on “Champion Sound” and a fiery performance from Fat Joe on “Cape Tear” with HARL3Y. “We been toe taggin' motherfuckers since the Purple Tape / Styles told me to go green to keep calm,” Joe raps.
Among the breakout songs of Set the Tone’s "Guns" side is “No Face” featuring Ye, which includes a celebrated verse by the Vultures 2 artist: “Me and Ghost in a ski mask / I was chillin' there, layin' / Chilean like sea bass,” West raps. The feature is multi-symbolic: first, it demonstrates the hold Kanye West has on the hip-hop community, as his verses are highly sought after; second, it serves as a sign of respect from West to Ghostface.
The "Guns" part of the album is highly reminiscent of the slick, bouncy sound of the rap legend’s albums Fishscale or even More Fish.
While on the "Roses" side, Pretty Toney shifts the tone to a smooth, grimy groove with the evocative "Plan B." Ghostface raps, "Said it from the get-go / Been honest with you from the gate / I got a Wis though," delving into the complicated love life of a player. This track showcases Ghostface's Wizard of Poetry persona, leaning more towards Ghostdini than Pretty Toney with its risqué bars.
Tracklist for Ghostface Killah's 14th studio album 'Set the Tone (Guns and Roses)'
Ja Rule, known for his romantic jams, delivers on "Bad Bitch." However, it was the KimYe bar that stood out: "I gotta get away like KimYe for Pete's sake / We philly the cheesesteak, New Yiddy the cheesecake," Ja Rule raps while Trevor Jackson laces the chorus.
“Locked In” blesses boom bap lovers with AZ, who does not hesitate to paint a vivid and captivating masterpiece. “Out in Freddie's, house of Mercedes / If we go the wide route, you could push out some babies / Wouldn't faze me, finally forming that team / I can give you anything in this world except C.R.E.A.M,” AZ bars.
His presence has ignited a hunger among hip-hop fans for an AZ and Ghostface Killah collab album, a dynamic partnership Ghostface is no stranger to with previous works like Wu Block with Sheek Louch, Sour Soul with BadBadNotGood, and Twelve Reasons to Die with Adrian Younge.
In what appears to be the catchiest festive vibe, rap mixed with reggae, "Shots" features Busta Rhymes in speedy lyrical form declaring his protective stance over his lady: “I do what you couldn't while you frontin', I cut deep into the soul of my woman.” Serani complements this with a jingly chorus line, “Shots, shots, tequila, tequila, tequila.”
Remy Ma concludes the Roses side with “YUPP!”—a sign that Ghostface never misses the chance to embrace a true rap queen. The two's raw, ominous signature vibe is evident as Remy takes off with, “Y'all know how I give it up.”
Cover for Ghostface Killah's 14th studio album 'Set the Tone (Guns and Roses)'
The skits on the album—a signature of Wu-Tang Clan and 1990s/2000s rap productions—reveal that Ghostface was in the booth with one Wally on, with Ghostdini still at it with his angels, maintaining his humor.
Ghostface is kicking off this new chapter in his legendary rap career with the explosive release of his memoir, Rise of a Killah. The memoir delves into personal experiences that he has faintly discussed, including his childhood in Staten Island, his life-changing trip to Africa, and his relationship with Islam.
Fans have expressed wishes of hearing fellow Wu members like Inspectah Deck, U-God, Masta Killa, and Cappadonna make an appearance on Set The Tone, along with the backend touch of RZA (and of course, bars). However, the anticipation of the grand Wu presence should be reserved for another highly anticipated Ghostface album. The grandiose features, two-sided theme, and gritty boom bap vibe of this project have certainly set the tone for Supreme Clientele 2.