Did Jay-Z make the right call with this one?
Source: Gregory Shamus / Getty
On Sunday (September 8), social media was buzzing when it was revealed that Kendrick Lamar had been tapped to perform at the Super Bowl Halftime Show in New Orleans as many assumed the honor would go to Nawlin’s favorite son, Lil Wayne.
But with Jay-Z running the show and tapping Kung Fu Kenny to kick things off come February 9th, Lil Wayne’s mixing engineer Fabian Marasciullo took to social media to express his disappointment in the surprising choice. According to HipHopDX, Marasciullo took to his Instagram stories and bluntly stated that he felt “Confused. Disappointed. Angry. But most of all. Inspired.”
Continuing to build on his feelings, Weezy’s engineer added “Will never again be in the position or have the [GOAT] where we are at the mercy of someone else’s decision. We will make the decisions.”
After Kendrick Lamar was revealed to be the headliner for the Super Bowl Halftime Show, many fans felt he’d undoubtedly bring Wayne along with him to perform on stage, but with the way Marasciullo is describing the mood on that side, would Wayne even accept an invitation to the show if he’s not headlining it?
Per HipHopDX:
During an interview with Taylor Rooks for Bleacher Report last December, Weezy talked about his desire to perform at Super Bowl LIX, which is being held at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on February 9, 2025.
“Just as bad as I wanted to see my name at the top of that list when I was whatever age it was and I would bust into the office and get that Billboard magazine,” he said about wanting to perform.
“Just as an artist, you know, ’cause this has nothing to do with the sport. As an artist, this is an achievement. This has nothing to do with the sport — that’s so crazy. I don’t care what teams are playing, what city it’s in. ‘You performed for the what?!’ Like, what? Oh man, so that right there is an achievement.”
We’re not gonna lie, we lowkey feel bad that Jay passed on Wayne in favor of Kendrick Lamar. Yes, we know K. Dot had a monster year thanks to his back-and-forth with Drake, but Weezy is a Hip-Hop legend from New Orleans with an illustrious catalog. Seemed like a no brainer to us.
Even New Orleans triple OG, Master P took to social media to say Wayne should be added to the Halftime show writing “He’s one of the greatest Hop Hop artists alive, still relevant and he’s a New Orleans native. Let’s not miss this cultural moment in the South.”
What do y’all think? Should Lil Wayne have been the first choice to perform at the Super Bowl Halftime Show? Should he accept an invite to perform alongside Kendrick Lamar? Let us know in the comments section below.


Lil Wayne’s Engineer Expresses “Disappointment” Over Kendrick Lamar Super Bowl Halftime Gig 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.