Jordan Adetunji
Barack Obama. Pic by Getty Images.
An international hit by Belfast rapper Jordan Adetunji is included in former US President Barack Obama’s list of favourite songs from 2024. 
The Grammy nominated artist is featured alongside big names such as Beyoncé (Texas Hold’Em), Billie Eilish (Lunch) and Kendrick Lamar (Squabble Up) on Obama’s very own compilation of year’s biggest tunes. 
Shaboozey’s ‘A Bar Song (Tipsy)’, Tyla’s ‘Jump’ and Hozier’s ‘Too Sweet’ have also been hailed as bangers by the ex-commander-in-chief.  
“Here are my favorite songs from this year!,” he captioned the accompanying playlist in an Instagram post.  
“Check them out if you’re looking to shake up your playlist – and let me know if there’s a song or artist I should make sure to listen to." 
Adetunji’s break-out global hit ‘Kehlani’ was listed halfway down the list of 25 hot tracks.
A post shared by Barack Obama (@barackobama)
The former Ashfield Boys' High School pupil received a Grammy nod ahead of the Los Angeles ceremony set to take place on February 2 for best melodic rap performance after the song amassed more than 300 million streams worldwide.
The ode to the eponymous pop star was labelled one of TikTok’s songs of the summer after being put together in the bedroom of the hip hop star’s mum’s house in Belfast.
It blew up after being nonchalantly dropped on the social media platform.
Adetunji was scouted by Oli Sykes and signed to RCA Records in 2023 before gaining international recognition this year.
Speaking to BBC News NI two years ago, he praised local programmes which showcase new Irish music.  
“My first track was played on Radio Ulster and I always remember it,” the performer said. 
“Things like BBC Across The Line are fantastic for upcoming artists, it all has a part to play with where I am.”
Adetunji was born in Croydon, London but moved to NI when he was 10-years-old because of how “quiet” it seemed. 
He started off his career posting rap videos to social media eventually incorporating other elements, like the guitar, into his music, before TikTok gave him his big break.
After attracting a large following Adetunji released his debut mixtape ‘Rock 'n' Rave’ last year with ‘Kehlani’ being shortlisted for a potential Grammy alongside superstars such as Beyoncé.
He has previously spoken about how “Belfast culture has influenced me a lot”.
Earlier this year the musician, who is now based in LA, signed with 300 Entertainment and Warner Records UK.
Daily Headlines Newsletter
Receive today's headlines directly to your inbox every morning and evening
Please check your inbox to verify your details