ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA - SEPTEMBER 01: (Editorial Use Only) Beyoncé performs onstage during the ... More "RENAISSANCE WORLD TOUR" at SoFi Stadium on September 01, 2023 in Inglewood, California. (Photo by Kevin Mazur/WireImage for Parkwood)
Beyoncé’s new album Cowboy Carter rules the Billboard 200, and the songs featured on the set are quickly becoming huge hits in their own right. Two tracks from the new full-length launch inside the top 10 on the Hot 100, while the lead single from the project nearly recaptures the throne.
This week’s Hot 100 is led by the collaborative single “Like That” by Metro Boomin, Future, and Kendrick Lamar. The smash opened at No. 1 last week, and it’s remained popular enough to hold onto the throne—and it could continue to do so for another few frames, based on its performance.
As “Like That” runs the show on the Hot 100 again, Beyoncé narrowly misses out on ruling the chart once more. Her single “Texas Hold ‘Em” rockets from outside the top 10—No. 11—to the runner-up rung on the chart, almost scoring another turn atop the tally.
“Texas Hold ‘Em” already soared to No. 1 on the Hot 100 earlier this year. Until recently, it was living inside the top 10, but last week it was pushed down by Boomin and Future’s five new wins inside the region.
Beyoncé simultaneously collects two new top 10s on the Hot 100 as a pair of tunes from Cowboy Carter launch inside the lofty tier. The highest-rising of the two is “II Most Wanted,” which arrives at No. 6.
That track benefits largely from the inclusion of another superstar. “II Most Wanted” is a collaboration with Miley Cyrus, who is officially credited on the Cowboy Carter smash.
Just below “II Most Wanted” comes another new hit by Beyoncé. Her rendition of Dolly Parton’s “Jolene” starts its time on the Hot 100 at No. 7.
It’s highly likely that most of the songs featured on Cowboy Carter will reach the Hot 100, though exactly how many, and where they’ll rank, hasn’t been announced yet by Billboard. Beyoncé may score up to 24 more hits on the tally, though the final number will probably be lower, for a variety of reasons including the length of certain tracks. The chart company should reveal that information later today or tomorrow.