The call for peace arrived after Rick Ross was punched by Canadian goons in Vancouver after playing "Not Like Us."

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Marlon Wayans is calling for Drake, Kendrick Lamar, and all parties involved in the feud to begin peace talks. On Tuesday (July 2), the acclaimed comedian responded to the viral video of Rick Ross being punched by some Canadian goons after his show in Vancouver. Wayans was appalled by where things have escalated in the Drake-Kendrick Lamar saga and offered some advice to all of the rappers who are currently at odds with each other. He noted that Drizzy and co. should take a page out of J. Cole‘s book, apologize and move on. The famous funny man began his plea with a recollection of losing his two good friends: the Notorious BIG and 2Pac.

	










	“Dear Hip-Hop. It’s all fun and games until people start getting hurt. Remember this, HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF,” he typed. “I knew Tupac, I knew Biggie. I partied with them, hung out with them, saw them both 20 minutes before they got shot. Violence is real. Everyone can be touched. Don’t entertain the devil. I love [Drake], love [Rick Ross], love [Kendrick Lamar] love [The Game] and I say to all my brothers there’s enough for everyone to eat.”
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Tiny Says The Notorious B.I.G. Apologized For "Ugly" Rap Line About Xscape Before Death		
			







	“Y’all all need to what J. Cole did. With peace, with love, with positivity. Life is short… even shorter if you spend your energy on breaking each other down instead of building each other up. Hate seeing any of our kings at war. We are too few. STOP! And I say this with love. Always OG MW.”
Marlon Wayans reacts to Rick Ross and his crew getting jumped in Canada. pic.twitter.com/btQXzCEROi

	The White Chicks actor previously talked about being around Biggie and Pac during their last moments on The Late Late Show with James Corden in 2022. He reminisced on meeting both of the icons while they were performing at Prince’s Grand Slam nightclub. After that, he would eerily run into them again a couple years later, only for him to see them both right before they met their demise.  

	“And then, a couple of years after that, they started beefing. So I seen Biggie at the VIBE Magazine party and he was like, ‘Yo, I’m proud of you guys, your family. I like what y’all doing, y’all legends.’ And he gave us a dap or whatever and he said, ‘Keep doing what you’re doing, kid.’ And then 10 minutes later, I heard [imitates gunshots]… Biggie gets shot,” Marlon recalled.

	










	“I see 2Pac in Vegas at The Luxor, and it was the night it happened to him. I saw him 20 minutes before [and] went and gave him a hug, said, ‘I love you brother, good seeing you.’ Me and Omar got in a cab. Pac had all those people around him, he got in his BMW, and he was looking at us like, ‘I wish I could get in that cab with y’all,’ but he got in that BMW. 20 minutes later, he was shot,” he added. “It’s crazy ’cause I’m sitting there, watching the both of ’em in the background of that picture. I love ’em both, miss ’em both.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.