The issue of who does and does not have access to semaglutide drugs like Ozempic is at the core of the newest South Park special, The End of Obesity. But I don’t think Trey Parker has diabearties.
The newest Paramount+ special to come out of South Park’s current and confusing contract, in which the downtime between shortened, six-episode seasons is broken up by twice-annual, extra-long South Park features, is a deliciously topical takedown of the culture surrounding state-of-the-art weight-loss drugs and the corporate interests involved in America’s ongoing obesity epidemic. Central to the plot of The End of Obesity is the fact that insurance companies don’t cover Ozempic prescriptions for people struggling with obesity unless they suffer from other diseases related to condition, which drives Eric Cartman, Randy Marsh and a smash-and-grab van full of MILFs to go to extreme measures to get their hands on some of that sweet, sweet semaglutide.
In the very first frame of South Park: The End of Obesity, the usual disclaimer that explains the concept of “parody” in so many famous words is replaced by a different warning message in which Parker and Stone advise Paramount+ subscribers, “WARNING: The following program contains the actual sound of an obesity drug being injected into Trey Parker’s stomach. Viewer discretion is advised.” 
Either Parker and Stone were fucking around when they edited The End of Obesity, or Parker is a bigger Lizzo fan than we thought.
Without being too inappropriately invasive, Parker certainly doesn’t look like someone whom you’d expect to take Ozempic. Since the beginning of South Park, he’s never once been photographed with a Cartman-esque body type, and he doesn’t have that gaunt, bony, barely breathing face that so many abusers of the celebrity-beloved medication sport at red carpet events. Maybe Parker decided that, in order to properly satirize Ozempic and its cultural impact, he had to get a taste of it himself — or maybe he’s slimming down to appear in his and Stone’s upcoming movie with Kendrick Lamar. 
After all, everyone knows that the camera adds 10 pounds — and without assistance from the American health-care system, Ozempic loses you 10 grand.