By
André 3000 recently revealed an unexpected aspect of his artistry. In an interview with Crack Magazine, the Outkast rapper disclosed that he has penned several diss tracks that remain unreleased. Despite his peaceful demeanor and absence from any major rap beefs, André admits to occasionally venting his frustrations through his pen. However, he insists that these tracks are merely “good exercise” and have no place on the airwaves.
“You have feelings,” André explained. “If ni***s say some slick sh**, lines will come to your head immediately.” Yet, the multi-talented artist emphasizes that he is not interested in escalating verbal conflicts. “Even if someone calls me out of my name, I don’t feel the need to respond,” he said, highlighting his commitment to avoiding unnecessary drama.
André 3000 also shared his thoughts on the evolution of rap battles, particularly in light of the ongoing feud between Drake and Kendrick Lamar. Reflecting on the current state of the industry, André admitted that the conflict between the two heavyweights made him emotional. “I got a little sad, at a certain point,” he confessed. “In early rap battles, you had kids in the park rapping against each other. But it’s not just people rapping now. You got people with 100 employees. You have livelihoods, empires, companies, deals – all of it can be jeopardized.”
He further explained that the stakes in modern rap battles are much higher than they used to be. “If you don’t have anything to lose, sure, go for it. But if I already made it, I’m not sure it’s even worth it anymore,” André said, implying that the risks often outweigh the rewards in today’s rap culture.
Despite his reluctance to engage in public feuds, there has been some speculation about what would happen if André 3000 were ever challenged. In 2017, Dungeon Family member Kawan Prather expressed his curiosity, stating, “I wish somebody would diss him so we can really actually see it. No one’s ever had the audacity to do it.”
For now, though, André’s diss tracks remain locked away, serving only as a private outlet for his emotions. “I just write them for exercise,” he reiterated. 
Stay informed with the latest news and offers from your favorite artists, events, and happenings.
Δ
#1 for R&B
Copyright 2024 WBLS