Manage your account
CHICOPEE, Mass. (WWLP) – As the new year approaches, performers around the world are announcing their tours, many of which will be stopping in Massachusetts in 2025 to show off their musical prowess and delight crowds of adoring fans.
So who is touring in 2025? There are many artists across all genres making their way across the U.S. and making an appearance at some of Massachusetts’ largest and most popular venues.
 Reba McIntire announces show at Mohegan Sun Arena 
Country artist Blake Shelton will be performing at TD Garden in Boston on March 7 at 7:00 p.m. Shelton has been nominated for nine Grammy awards and is well known for having been a coach on the television show “The Voice” for twenty-three seasons.
For fans of hard rock and heavy metal, be sure not to miss AC/DC on May 4 at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough. The concert will start at 7:00 p.m. and will feature the band The Pretty Reckless as their opener.
On May 12, Kendrick Lamar and SZA will also perform at Gillette at 7:00 p.m. The two artists are touring together on their Grand National Tour, supporting Lamar’s album GNX featuring SZA on two of its tracks. The tour also follows the release of SZA’s deluxe album, titled SOS Deluxe: LANA.
Post Malone, accompanied by Jelly Roll, will perform at Gillette Stadium on May 31 at 7:30 p.m. Previously known for genres such as rap, hip-hop, and R&B, his most recent album F-1 Trillion has brought him into the country sphere.
TD Garden will host alternative hip-hop rapper and singer Tyler, the Creator on July 8 and 9 at 7:30 p.m. each night. The release of his highly anticipated 2024 album, Chromakopia, led to the announcement of his 2025 tour.
Next fall, you could get a chance to see Dua Lipa at TD Garden on September 9 and 10. The concerts will start at 7:30 p.m. on both nights. Dua Lipa has won seven Brit Awards and three Grammy Awards, and was recently featured in the smash hit movie “Barbie”.
With plenty of artists announcing their performances in Mass. and more to come, there will be no shortage of musicians to listen to and watch in the upcoming year.
WWLP-22News, an NBC affiliate, began broadcasting in March 1953 to provide local news, network, syndicated, and local programming to western Massachusetts. Watch the 22News Digital Edition weekdays at 4 p.m. on WWLP.com.
Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
 For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WWLP.