Rap beefs are all the rage these days. While a very public feud between hip-hop artists Drake and Kendrick Lamar consumed popular culture the last week or so, former professional athletes-turned-TV-analysts are going at it in the proverbial music ring as well.
Or, at least one of them is. Shaquille O'Neal dropped a diss track of sorts against Shannon Sharpe on Friday that awaits a response from Sharpe. 
The company that produces Shaquille O'Neal's The Big Podcast With Shaq Tweeted out the diss. Sharpe took the first "shot" when he suggested that O'Neal is jealous of Nikola Jokic and other modern centers in the NBA, presumably because he thinks O'Neal is worried they'll detract from his own legacy as an NBA legend. 
Shaq dropped a diss track responding to Shannon Sharpe 👀@bigpodwithshaq @SHAQ pic.twitter.com/EqZp7RKZyr
Sharpe's jab was in response to O'Neal telling Jokic—on live TV—that he doesn't think he deserved to win his third MVP. 
Shaq's track opens with an audio excerpt of Sharpe, directly alerting listeners to what he's replying to. 
Did the world need this? Absolutely not. But on an otherwise calm sports news Friday, why not? 
O'Neal has enjoyed a career in pop culture aside from his athletic career. Not only does he currently work as an NBA analyst on TNT, but he also starred in Kazaam and Steel and cameod in other films like Scary Movie 4 and The Lego Movie. This isn't his first foray into music, as he released five studio albums, the first in 1993 and the most recent in 2023. He also created the soundtrack album for Steel. He also DJs events around the world on occasion as "DJ DIESEL". A real renaissance man. 
As for whether or not Sharpe plans to respond with a track of his own, we can only hope. 
Josh Wilson is the news director of the Breaking and Trending News team at Sports Illustrated. Before joining SI in 2024, he worked for FanSided in a variety of roles, most recently as senior managing editor of the brand’s flagship site. He has also served as a general manager of Sportscasting, the sports arm of a start-up sports media company, where he oversaw the site’s editorial and business strategy. Wilson has a bachelor’s degree in mass communications from SUNY Cortland and a master’s in accountancy from the Gies College of Business at the University of Illinois. He loves a good nonfiction book and enjoys learning and practicing Polish. Wilson lives in Chicago but was raised in upstate New York. He spent most of his life in the Northeast and briefly lived in Poland, where he ate an unhealthy amount of pastries for six months. 
Follow J_WilsonSports
© 2025  ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.