"*" indicates required fields
Experience AZ
Desert Diamond Arena has released details of its dramatic $42 million transformation from a traditional sports arena into a premier “music mecca” and entertainment destination, spotlighting that Glendale has become one of the largest entertainment and sports hubs in the western United States.
MORE NEWS: The 10 fastest-growing housing markets in Arizona
Spearheaded by ASM Global — the world’s top venue operator and developer — in collaboration with U.K.-based Forward Associates, a leader in guest experience; and renowned design firm HOK, known for spectacular arena and stadium remodels, the project will position Desert Diamond Arena as a premier destination for concerts, events and immersive experiences. 
Set for completion in spring 2025, this transformation will create an unmatched venue for unforgettable guest experiences. The popular arena’s remarkable transformation, executed by 23 local trade partners employing over 500 local tradespeople, will add a fresh chapter to its legacy as a regional leader in entertainment.
The reimagination, spanning nearly 25 redesigned spaces in the venue, is part of a broader vision to elevate the Desert Diamond Arena and its surrounding 250-acre entertainment complex, which includes State Farm Stadium, 13 hotels, the Westgate Entertainment District featuring bars, restaurants, experiential entertainment and Desert Diamond Casino. Originally debuting in December 2003 as Glendale’s catalyst for growth, the arena is set to continue its long-standing legacy as the anchor of a destination known for exceptional music, entertainment and sports experiences.
“Desert Diamond Arena’s $42 million renovation is a transformative investment, solidifying Glendale as a premier entertainment destination in the Southwest,” said Glendale City Manager Kevin Phelps. “With state-of-the-art amenities, reimagined suites and expanded programming on par with the newest venues nationwide, we’re delivering unforgettable experiences that drive economic growth, attract top-tier events and fuel local businesses.
“Glendale’s entertainment district — home to nearly 4,000 hotel rooms, convenient freeway access and more than 26,000 parking spaces — is unmatched in its scale, accessibility and impact, positioning our community as a leader in live entertainment for years to come.”
Doug Thornton, ASM Global executive vice president, arenas, stadiums and theaters, said, “This transformation celebrates Desert Diamond Arena’s two decades at the heart of Glendale’s thriving entertainment landscape while creating a destination that can draw audiences from across the region and beyond.
“The new and improved arena will deliver a first-class experience for every guest, from general admission attendees to premium club members, raising Glendale’s profile as a leading U.S. entertainment district.”
Key upgrades include enhanced facilities and guest accommodations, setting a new standard for concert venues in the Southwest. These changes aim to attract a diverse array of visitors — from music fans and sports enthusiasts to travelers seeking world-class entertainment options. 
Construction is underway creating dazzling immersive fan experiences ranging from the street-inspired Floor Bar to the vibrant on-course Marketplace culinary creations to private booths in Studio 623. Guests can elevate their pre- and post-show event experience at the Bassline Bar, sweeping stage views from the third floor’s The View’s VIP club, and private loges in Encore for a blend of exclusivity and connection. These spaces redefine live entertainment, offering fans dynamic ways to connect and celebrate their shared passion for music and events.
ASM Global intends to replicate this successful model across other U.S. locations, setting Desert Diamond Arena as a prototype for innovative, high-impact venue experiences.
The grand reveal of Desert Diamond Arena is planned for spring 2025, capping off three consecutive years of record-breaking box office success and highlighting the arena’s pivotal role in Glendale’s evolving entertainment landscape. The renovation’s celebration will serve as a launchpad for future events, further establishing Glendale as a top national destination for entertainment and sports.
Desert Diamond Arena is home to the popular Professional Bull Riders Arizona Ridge Riders, Arizona Rattlers Arena Football team, and currently hosts concerts and other entertainment acts throughout the year. Desert Diamond Arena has a seating capacity of 19,000 for concert events. The arena has 53 luxury suites and 12 suite lounge loges. Upon the project’s completion, the arena will also feature 22 Encore Club Theatre Boxes, 14 Club 623 Studio Booths and 341 Club Seats in The View.
Desert Diamond Arena has hosted numerous concerts and events of note since opening in December 2003. A string of concerts in the arena’s inaugural year included performances by Prince, Rod Stewart, Toby Keith, Britney Spears and Usher. Since then, more acts have performed there including U2, Elton John, The Rolling Stones, Paul McCartney, Bruce Springsteen, Rage Against the Machine, Billie Eilish, Kenny Chesney, Mötley Crüe, Justin Timberlake, Katy Perry, The Eagles, Taylor Swift, The Weeknd, Harry Styles, Celine Dion, Eric Church, Justin Bieber, Kendrick Lamar, Ed Sheeran, Shawn Mendes, Sam Smith, Bon Jovi, Khalid, Madonna, Pearl Jam, Red Hot Chili Peppers, John Mayer, Tim McGraw, Faith Hill and For King & Country. For more information visit desertdiamondarena.com.
"*" indicates required fields
Copyright © 2025 AZ Big Media  |  All Rights Reserved  |  Site by Blufish