By 

	Ethan Millman


	Beyoncé posted a sweet congratulations to Linda Martell on Friday after the country trailblazer finally received her first Grammy nomination for her feature on “Spaghettii” on Cowboy Carter.

	“Congratulations to my queen Linda Martell on your nomination and your contribution to Country Music,” Bey wrote on Instagram alongside a photo of Martell.
A post shared by Beyoncé (@beyonce)

	Martell was the first Black female solo artist to play Nashville’s famed Grand Ole Opry. She fell as a footnote in Country history but is known as a pioneer for the genre today, all the more solidified with her Grammy nomination for Best Melodic Rap Performance Friday.

	Aside from “Spaghettii,” Martell was also featured on the eponymous “The Linda Martell Show” on the album. “I am proud that Beyoncé is exploring her country music roots,” Martell said in a statement when Cowboy Carter came out. “What she is doing is beautiful, and I’m honored to be a part of it. It’s Beyoncé, after all!”

	










	Martell’s nod is one of many for Cowboy Carter, which leads the Grammys this year with 11 nominations. The album and its songs not only span the three major categories with Song, Record, and Album of the Year, but also received nominations in the Country, Rap, Pop, and Americana categories. Shaboozey, who was also on “Spaghettii” with Martell and Queen Bey, racked up several nominations of his own for “A Bar Song (Tipsy)“.





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Beyoncé Receives Cease-and-Desist From Sphere Over 'Cowboy Carter' Tour Footage: Reports		
	









	
	
		
					Elon Musk and His DOGE Bro Have Cashed In on Americans’ Retirement Savings		
	








	Aside from Beyoncé, Kendrick Lamar, Charli XCX, Billie Eilish, and Post Malone all have strong chances at coming home with hardware on Grammy night, each of them having garnered seven nominations. Meanwhile, Taylor Swift, Chappell Roan, and Sabrina Carpenter received six nods each.

	The Grammys will air on CBS on Feb. 2, 2025 live from the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.