Filed under:
Or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the East.
Every day, Pinstripe Alley offers updates on what the Yankees’ top American League opponents are up to through the Rivalry Roundup. The AL East is well-trodden ground there, but with the month of May coming to a close, we’re going to take a peek around MLB as a whole and check in with each of the other five divisions. Who’s surprising? Who’s underwhelming? Who’s simply mediocre at the moment? Read on and find out.
While I do believe the AL East is going to end up a fight for a knife in the mud, the AL Central is rather famously one big rock fight. Rebuilding teams have shown promise, and one squad looks to be solid favorites for the division — even if I don’t think they’re very good. Don’t worry though, my disdain for this group of teams goes beyond my feelings for the Guardians.
Top Position Player: José Ramírez (2.1 fWAR)Top Pitcher: Emmanuel Clase (1.2 fWAR)
Every year we have to act like the team leading the AL Central is some real contender, and every year we find out they are not nearly as good as their record indicates. The Guardians are 25-8 against the Angels, Athletics and the rest of their division, and you’re going to have to play tougher teams before I’m convinced you have much talent.
J-Ram is fantastic, as consistent a five-plus-win player as you’re going to get in the game. It’s not boring to comment on him, but it is perfunctory; he’s going to make you pay for any mistake you leave in the zone. He’s great. After him, who do I fear? Josh Naylor is the epitome of the guy who says he’s from Toronto, but actually lives in ‘Sauga. I’ll believe David Fry is this good when he’s not mashing against the A’s and Mets.
This may be a bit too hater-focused for me, but I can just smell an entire summer where we’re supposed to pretend the Guardians are actually good and not the beneficiary of a truly bad division. I’ve seen this movie too many times before — José Ramírez is great, and the Guardians are at best an ALDS aspirant.
Top Position Player: Bobby Witt Jr. (3.5 fWAR)Top Pitcher: Cole Ragans (2.2 fWAR)
Now the Royals ... the Royals do interest me. Ragans gets the press, and he deserves it, but Seth Lugo, Michael Wacha, and finally Brady Singer have also shown their stuff in the rotation. Pitching in Kauffman Stadium does help, but results are results. After gutting the front office a couple years ago, it looks like the club is starting to get value out of a talented rotation.
Offensively, Bobby Witt Jr. is about as good as it gets in the AL. Maybe he could walk more, but there’s something to a top prospect making good on hype that is satisfying, and doubly so when it’s a team like the Royals.
Baseball may be at its best when the Yankees and Dodgers are on top, but it’s always gravy when the regional clubs have something to root for and he’ll be in Kansas City for a long time.
Speaking of, Sal Perez has a 154 wRC+, igniting a Hall of Fame conversation that I’m not sure will continue past July. Three other Royals are above average hitters, and while that may not be enough to catch Cleveland, one or two more good hitters could make this squad a contender. They haven’t a winning season since their championship 2015; this could be the year that streak is snapped.
Top Position Player: Ryan Jeffers (1.6 fWAR)Top Pitcher: Joe Ryan (2.0 fWAR)
Everything I said about the Guardians ... I worry I must pass my thoughts on the Twins to Kendrick Lamar. I’m the biggest hater.
I have been told year after year that Byron Buxton is in the upper tier of MLB talent, and yet when he manages to get into the lineup he posts a 101 wRC+. Royce Lewis hasn’t played since Opening Day. Ryan Jeffers posted an Aaron Judge-like wRC+ in April before being barely league average in May. Edouard Julien is Canadian and I feel like I should take up for him, but he’s striking out 34 percent of the time and I just don’t think most people can do that and still be a league average hitter.
The team desperately needs more pitching. Ryan is quite talented and in eight starts Simeon Woods-Richardson has looked awful good. A 2.70 ERA across his first eight starts has helped displace some of the damage Pablo López has done on the mound. Still, that’s two dependable pitchers plus hoping López claws back, when paired with a mediocre bullpen isn’t an optimistic outlook. If the Twinkies want to be competitive into October they’re gonna need to make some moves at the deadline.
Top Position Player: Riley Greene (1.2 fWAR)Top Pitcher: Tarik Skubal (2.4 fWAR)
The Tigers are still trying to move out of the rebuild phase, and are approaching respectability behind a solid pitching rotation. If Skubal can keep up what he’s done so far — a 2.01 ERA and 2.05 FIP — he’s going to be a Cy Young finalist, if not taking home the hardware himself.
Jack Flaherty and Reese Olson have also been productive starters, keeping Detroit in games despite a pretty mediocre offense.
Ranked 21st in baseball by wRC+, the cats boast a top heavy lineup with strong performances by Greene, Kerry Carpenter (now out with a back injury), Matt Vierling, and the always-dependable Mark Canha. After that it falls off considerably, and one-time top prospect Spencer Torkelson is rapidly approaching bust status.
Top Position Player: Paul DeJong (0.7 fWAR)Top Pitcher: Garrett Crochet (1.7 fWAR)
You feel bad even making jokes about this franchise, but I’ll make just one. I made an initial typo saying the White Sox were 15-22, but stared at it wondering what I had done wrong. “The White Sox must be worse than 15-22,” I said to myself. And they are.
At 23.5 games back and with manager Pedro Grifol taking public shots at his team, it’s going to be a very, very long summer for our friends on the South Side. Jerry Reinsdorf has been a poor administrator of one of the game’s oldest ballclubs, and that’s really all the analysis you need.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.