Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Both Pisces and Gemini are mutable signs, which makes them adaptable to whatever life throws at them. How will they adapt to their own astrological compatibility?
They may bond fast, because both are concerned with making others happy. Pisces is a water sign that feels deeply and wants to support others’ needs. Gemini is an air sign famous for their wit and intellect. 
As time goes on, Gemini and Pisces may face challenges in their relationship. Pisces may come off as too emotional for Gemini. Then, when communicating, Gemini may come off as tactless or insensitive, wounding Pisces.
Here's what to know.
Dates: Approximately May 21 to June 20
Element: Air 
Modality: Mutable 
Planetary ruler: Mercury 
Represented by: The twins
Famous Gemini: Marilyn Monroe, Laverne Cox, Angelina Jolie, John F. Kennedy, Heidi Klum, Kendrick Lamar, Tom Holland, Prince, Zoe Saldaña, Amy Schumer, Blake Shelton, Naomi Campbell, Paul McCartney, Peter Dinklage, Neil Patrick Harris
Dates: Approximately Feb. 18 to March 20
Element: Water
Modality: Mutable
Planetary ruler: Neptune
Represented by: Intertwined fish
Famous Pisces: Rihanna, Drew Barrymore, Justin Bieber, Carrie Underwood, Kesha, Steve Jobs, Queen Latifah, Millie Bobby Brown, Emily Blunt, Kurt Cobain, Simone Biles, Erykah Badu, Jon Bon Jovi, Bruce Willis, Elizabeth Taylor
Geminis love to learn new things, and they love to do it all the time. They are excellent conversationalists and seemingly never run out of energy for chatting about any conceivable topic. They tend to be quite extroverted and silly, especially if they think they share company with those who find them amusing. The “twins” of the zodiac also are able to see situations from from a dual perspective. They are social creatures and are likely to have a calendar full of invites, which they will surely enliven.
Pisces live with one foot in the real world and the other in imagination. And sometimes, they’d rather escape entirely into the worlds they create! Natural dreamers, Pisces are happiest when their creativity has an outlet. They trust their intuition when making decisions. Their feelings can be hurt easily, and it can sting when their delusions rub up against reality. Pisces can be also be careless at times, or easily influenced by their surroundings. It can be challenging for them to stand up for themselves, but if you need a shoulder to cry on, Pisces will be your best option for love and care. 
At first, Pisces and Gemini will get along swimmingly. They're both agreeable and adaptable, prioritizing getting along with people. As their relationship deepens, though, their differences will begin to show and maybe set adrift from one another. Gemini will have trouble with Pisces' occasional wallowing or dreaminess and Pisces will struggle with Gemini’s habit of saying whatever they think. The upside of this pairing is a big one, though: Gemini can help Pisces be more social and Pisces can help Gemini access deeper planes of feeling, inspiring reflection.
Out the gate, Gemini and Pisces get along well. They'll plan cultural outings and bond over their shared interests. Pisces will come up with creative ideas and Gemini will be intrigued enough to follow along. As their friendship develops, arguments may develop too. Pisces may find Gemini insensitive to their needs, and therefore balk from expressing themselves. Gemini might find Pisces' emotions exhausting. The good news is they both forget about what upset them quickly and it’s business as usual again.
Pisces and Gemini fall in love faster than the speed of light (practically). Both signs are attracted to one another and they get along well thanks to their mutual openness to trying new things. Gemini will bring wit and humor to the relationship while Pisces will bring emotion and depth. Where they'll face difficulty is when the fun and games ends, and the time comes for tough conversations. Pisces may feel steamrolled or ignored by Gemini; Gemini, frustrated that it seems impossible to satisfy Pisces.
Marriage between Pisces and Gemini is a combination of dreaminess and intellectual stimulation. Gemini will give Pisces’ sensitivity and intuition a voice. Gemini will also value how passionate and creative Pisces is. Challenges may arise when Pisces gets emotional and Gemini flighty. These two need to have a mutual understanding of what makes the other one tick — then be mindful.
Pisces and Gemini bring a mix of creativity and intellect to the office. Pisces dreams big and Gemini helps communicate the vision to others. They also can compromise easily and actively enjoy being part of a team. There will be times where Gemini may be too restless and fast-moving for Pisces but they can get over this real fast with open communication. Once they understand one another’s working styles, they can collaborate successfully on projects. This results in harmony at the workplace.
Marco Perego Saldana (Gemini) and Zoe Saldana (Pisces)
Bruce Willis (Pisces) and Emma Heming Willis (Gemini)
Justin Long (Gemini) and Drew Barrymore (Pisces)
Lisa Stardust is a New York City-based astrologer. Stardust is the resident astrologer for Oprah Magazine, Teen Vogue and The Hoodwitch. She has two upcoming books: “Saturn Return Survival Guide: Navigating this cosmic rite of passage” is due out this May from Hardie Grant Books and “The Cosmic Deck” from Chronicle Books is due out in November. Follow Lisa on Instagram for her daily horoscopes @lisastardustastro.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.