Still haven't given up hope of an 11th hour appearance...
Can only assume that when Charli XCX and Billie Eilish said "You wanna guess the address of the party we're at, you really are not invited" they were discussing the 2024 VMAs. But despite being high up on the invite list due to multiple nominations, Billie actually skipped the red carpet this year, womp.
And as you can tell, Twitter is handling it well:
Soooo, why didn't Billie walk the carpet? TBD, but there's a chance (as of publishing this!) that she could still show up during the awards themselves.
As a reminder, Billie's noms this year include Video of the Year for "LUNCH," as well as Video for Good for "What Was I Made For," Song of the Summer for "Birds of a Feather," AND Song of the Summer for her "Guess" remix with Charli XCX. 
That last category was truly stacked with nominees—like Ariana Grande for "We Can’t Be Friends (Wait for Your Love),"  Benson Boone for "Beautiful Things," Chappell Roan for "Good Luck, Babe!" Eminem for "Houdini," Future, Metro Boomin & Kendrick Lamar for "Like That," GloRilla and Megan Thee Stallion for "Wanna Be," Hozier for "Too Sweet," Kendrick Lamar for "Not Like Us," Post Malone feat. Morgan Wallen for "I Had Some Help," Sabrina Carpenter for "Please Please Please," Shaboozey for "A Bar Song (Tipsy)," SZA for "Saturn," Taylor Swift feat. Post Malone for "Fortnight," AND FINALLY Tommy Richman for "Million Dollar Baby." 
So basically every possible song that came out this summer was nominated! No bigs!
Taylor Swift Teases RepTV at iHeartRadio 
A Lip-Reading of What Taylor Said at the VMAs
Glam Up for the 2024 VMAs With Muni Long 💜
Tutorial: Chappell’s Medieval VMAs Makeup Look
The $30 Secret to Addison Rae’s VMAs Glass Hair
PSA: Blackpink’s Lisa Has Dyed Her Hair!
Melting @ Travis' Reaction to Tay's VMAs Shoutout
Orlando Gave the Sweetest Speech to Katy Perry
Wait, Did Shawn Mendes Reference Camila LN?
Sabrina Wore a Sheer Mini the VMAs After-Party
Taylor’s VMAs After-Party Dress Is Giving UFO Chic
The 3 Best 2024 VMAs Performances, Ranked
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.