ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
AUSTIN, TX - OCTOBER 01:  Kendrick Lamar performs during the Austin City Limits Music Festival at ... More Zilker Park on October 1, 2016 in Austin, Texas. Four of Kendrick Lamar's albums climb on the Billboard 200 following the release of the "Not Like Us" music video. (Photo by Erika Goldring/FilmMagic)
Just when it looks like the battle between Drake and Kendrick Lamar is over, something else happens, and it becomes clear that the feud isn’t completely finished. The two aren’t producing new music aimed at taking one another down any longer, but that doesn’t mean they’ve moved on.
Lamar recently released the music video for his single "Not Like Us," which is far and away the most successful of the diss tracks released during their recent flare-up. The visual became a trending topic, and it’s propelled the song to the top of the charts again.
The "Not Like Us" music video has led to a surge on the Billboard 200 for most of Lamar’s albums. His entire catalog is soaring thanks to the renewed interest in him, his catalog, and especially his most recent tune.
Lamar fills four spaces on the Billboard 200 this week. All four of his projects that take up space on the list of the most-consumed albums in the U.S. climb from where they sat last time around, as the power of "Not Like Us" cannot be overstated.
Damn ranks highest this week among Lamar’s wins on the Billboard 200. That title lifts 10 spaces, settling at No. 29. He earns a second entrant inside the top 40, as Good Kid, M.A.A.D. City returns to the region. That bestseller pushes from No. 42 to No. 33, nearly mimicking the performance of the set just a few spaces above it.
Among his quartet of wins, Lamar’s most recent project, Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers, enjoys the greatest leap. That double album improves from No. 185 to No. 145, shooting an incredible 40 spaces at once.
Closer to the bottom of the ranking comes To Pimp a Butterfly. Last week, that hip-hop favorite barely held on, settling at No. 199 on the 200-spot tally. Now, it’s up to No. 181.
Mr. Morale & The Big Steppers experiences the biggest gain in consumption this week, as listening and buying of the project was up nearly 8% from one week to the next. Just one of his albums, Good Kid, M.A.A.D. City, doesn’t actually grow in terms of consumption, though it still climbs on the Billboard 200. That former No. 1 is actually down just 1%, though that didn’t stop its ascent.
"Not Like Us" rockets from No. 3 to No. 1 on the Hot 100 this week. Lamar replaces newcomer Shaboozey atop the list of the most-consumed songs in the nation, though his return to the throne may be short-lived. The single debuted atop the list earlier this year, and ever since, it’s been living inside the top 10.