By
On Friday (July 12), LL Cool J linked up with Charlamagne Tha God ahead of his upcoming album, The FORCE. While chatting, the pair discuss several topics, including the state of hip-hop and rap beef. LL Cool J says he always did his best to avoid beef with other rappers. “I don’t look for problems man,” he said. “…I’m just not built like that.” He continued, “I don’t want the problems because I’m not f*cking playing with you…I’d rather us be friends.” The rapper goes on to say that wisdom and experience have taught him not to take everything so seriously. 
LL says that he focused on “keeping things positive” and respecting his peers. “[I] [want] [to] respect dudes, give em’ love, give em’ honor,” he told the radio host. “[ When] [I] seem them, give em’ a dap, [and] respect em’ behind their backs too, not just in their face.” Charlamagne then asked the NCIS actor about the generational differences between younger and older rappers regarding rap beef. 
LL Cool J calls out rappers for being too sensitive during rap battles and explains why he tries to avoid problems with other rappers.Also, LL Cool J gives Drake encouraging words after his rap battle with Kendrick Lamar and expresses that he knows the song “Not Like Us” has to… pic.twitter.com/4710DXi5M2
As an elder statesman of hip-hop, LL Cool J believes the beef has escalated over time because people take themselves too seriously. “When it’s really just about the music and the bars, like don’t take it so personal,” he begins. “Like why tf are you so butt hurt that you wanna kill everything moving.” While the hip hop veteran said he understands some artist’s plight, they must learn control. “You can’t really judge em’ because I been there,” he said. 
LL continued: “It can be upsetting. ” He then references the current beef between Drake and Kendrick Lamar. In his opinion, the success of “Not Like Us” has to be like torture. He then proceeds to tell Drake that he’ll be fine and to just brush it off. LL Cool J’s  The FORCE is scheduled to be released on September 6. It would be the rapper’s first album in over a decade since 2013’s Authentic. 
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97