By
Peter Burditt
Updated: 
Producing consists of far more than throwing around different sounds and seeing what sticks. It takes an individual with a nuanced ear, diverse taste, and a dedication to music that goes far beyond fame. That being so, some of the best producers are in fact, notable musicians. It is the notoriety within their own industry that gives them the ability to create hits for other artists. 
Not only is this a selfless deed, but it is also a deed that bolsters the music community as a whole—as if it were not for these celebrity producers, other artists’ careers would seemingly have plateaued rather quickly. With this notion in mind, here are three musicians who have produced some of the biggest hits for other artists. 
Known for songs such as “Happy” and “Freedom,” Williams’ career exists on the credits of countless songs released by other artists. Some of his collaborations include Britney Spears, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, and Nelly. Additionally, some of the songs on his track record are “Sing” by Ed Sheeran, “Alright” by Kendrick Lamar, and “Tokyo Drift” by Teriyaki Boyz. 
What is more impressive than the countless credits Williams has acquired, is his ability to produce any genre under the sun. The walking recording studio has produced everything from pop to folk. Given his ability to step into any genre, Williams incidentally articulates himself as an individual whose musical talent is that of a savant. 
This one does not come as much of a surprise. Primarily known for his start with N.W.A., Dr. Dre’s producing credits have to be somewhere in the thousands. Eminem, Snoop Dog, 2Pac, and 50 Cent are just a mere snippet of the artists he has helped turn into household names. In regards to launching careers, Dr. Dre was one of the main factors for Eminem’s response given that he has co-produced every single one of Eminem’s studio albums. 
The Grammy-winning producer changed the game of music by introducing rap and hip-hop music to mainstream media. Furthermore, his techniques regarding how to produce rap and hip-hop music are still implemented in studios to this day. Frankly, it is Dre we have to thank for one of the most popular genres of music. 
Member of The Black Keys, Dan Auerbach, is one of the premier figures in contemporary rock ‘n’ roll. His success with the Keys comes with his hits “Gold on The Ceiling” and “Lonely Boy.” Although, Auerbach has his fingerprints all over the music world. Lana Del Ray, Cage The Elephant, CeeLo Green, and Hank Williams Jr. are some of the acts he’s produced.
Auerbach has been nominated for a ton of Grammies, both for producing and for his work with The Black Keys. Regardless of his win record, Auerbach’s dedication to producing has given hits to the bands he’s produced for. Some of the hit albums include Tell Me I’m Pretty by Cage The Elephant and All or Nothin‘ by Nikki Lane.
 (Photo by Emma McIntyre/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand