Last night, the BET Awards was once again the annual spectacle that it always is. Host Taraji P. Henson gave us a fun take on Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us,” women rappers like Megan Thee Stallion, GloRilla, Latto and Ice Spice gave captivating performances, Shaboozey finally teamed up with J-Kwon for an ultimate “Tipsy” showdown and Killer Mike gave a spirited acceptance speech. Despite those highlights, there were also some major fashion misses. Here are the biggest red carpet trainwrecks from the evening.
2 / 18
We don’t know what Young Dro was thinking, but sweater-preppy chic for the BET Awards was definitely not it.
3 / 18
Tinashe may be looking for someone to match her freak, but we need someone to match her with a new stylist immediately.
4 / 18
Durrell Dupard is giving dapper cartoon villain and we honestly don’t know what to think.
5 / 18
We love couples who coordinate, but Keith Lee and his wife Ronnie really missed the mark with this.
6 / 18
Summer Walker looks like she’s attending her senior prom, not an awards show ceremony.
7 / 18
Yes, Sexyy Red, we know you’re rich. Do you really need to hold up a dirty stack of bills on every red carpet?
8 / 18
We’re not sure what Wyclef Jean thought with this getup but his resort aesthetic is way less fashionable than he intended.
9 / 18
Jhonni Blaze was so intent on showing off her body that she basically left her clothes at home.
10 / 18
DJ Mustard may be the cultural moment, but this outfit is not.
11 / 18
Yung Miami is known for usually giving a sexy look, but this dress—if you can call it that—just  comes off as cheap.
12 / 18
Kalan.FrFr’s looks like he put on his Sunday’s best but in the worst way possible.
13 / 18
Actress KJ Smith’s dress isn’t horrible, but the fit and draping are both severely unflattering.
14 / 18
Stylist Kollin Carter brought it all: patchwork, sideways denim, opulent jewelry. If this was the best he could do, he probably should have stayed at home.
15 / 18
Porscha Coleman’s bodysuit is whimsical and all but definitely not the high fashion moment she thinks it is.
16 / 18
Akon’s white and red ensemble feels more comedic than stylish.
17 / 18
Too Short will always give you a denim and sneaker moment on a red carpet— and it’ll disappoint every time.
18 / 18