Shmurda believes Rozay blackballed him from performing.

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Bobby Shmurda has come out with claims that Rick Ross had him kicked off the lineup for an upcoming show for jokes he made regarding Rozay’s recent brawl in Canada.

	The Brooklyn rapper took to social media to voice his ire after being informed that he would not be performing due to the promotors’ concern of jeopardizing their business relationship with Ross.

	“They’re like, ‘Yo, we do a lot of business with Rick Ross and we don’t think Bobby’s good for the show,’ and this and that,” Shmurda said in the clip. “Like come on bro. Bro, I don’t want no beef with none of y’all ni**as. I’m independent.” 

	










	The GS9 member also lamented his ongoing struggles against “higher powers in the industry” before pointing to his street credentials and truthful nature as reasons for Ross to reconsider his actions.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					50 Cent Rips Rick Ross, Floyd Mayweather Over Lil Meech Hospital Photo		
			







	“I’m bout to be 30 in a couple weeks bro. I’m not none of these young ni**as, bro. I’ve been selling drugs. I was 10 years old, bro. I didn’t grow up like you or none of your other friends or none of the other sh*t, bro. I’m a different type of ni**a, you feel me? I’m very honest. I’m a Leo bro. I ain’t with all this other sh*t,” he said.

	Shmurda concluded by arguing that he was not merely making light of Ross’ altercation, but also defended him against the onslaught of slights against him. He also questioned why the MMG leader didn’t call him personally to discuss any issues he had with him, rather than him finding out through third parties.

	“Why you gotta—you could have called me big homie,” the 29-year-old said. “When I made that video I was defending you, telling motherf**king fans.”

	In late June, Rick Ross and his entourage got into an altercation with a group supposedly affiliated with Drake after playing Kendrick Lamar’s Drake diss “Not Like Us” at Vancouver’s Ignite Music Festival. Following the incident, which was captured on video and went viral, a number of entertainers poked fun at the hitmaker, including Shmurda, who claimed he would’ve “went out like C-Murda” if faced with a similar situation.

	










	See Bobby Shmurda’s video speaking on Rick Ross below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.