The event is scheduled for April at the Parque Bicentenario in Mexico City.

													By
												

	Natalia Cano


Massive Attack, Tyler, the Creator, Charli XCX, Natanael Cano, Nathy Peluso, Parcels, Gesaffelstein, Fka Twigs, TOMORROW X TOGETHER and Meme del Real (Café Tacvba’s keyboard player) are set to headline the 2025 edition of the Axe Ceremonia festival, which will take place April 5-6 at Parque Bicentenario in Mexico City, Mexico.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					






















	
		
					Natanael Cano		
					






















	
		
					TOMORROW X TOGETHER		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Marías, Hanumankind, A.G. Cook, NSQK, The Dare, Simpson Ahuevo and Brutalism 300 are other acts announced as part of the lineup for this festival, which has established itself as a cultural celebration featuring the best and most representative bands and soloists of the local and international scene.

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Tickets will be available on Ticketmaster in a presale for CITIBANAMEX cardholders Wednesday (Oct. 23), with the general sale beginning a day later, announced promoter Eco Live, which produces the event in collaboration with the Mexican promoter Ocesa.

	The Axe Ceremonia, which will be celebrating its 12th edition, has become an interesting option within the circuit of major music festivals in Mexico, providing a space for diverse voices and multi-generational sounds, offering the freshest from the global scene on its lineup.

	In the words of its promoters: “AXE Ceremonia is a platform that drives creative communities, cutting-edge talent and social activists so that their projects and ideas can reach a broader audience.”

	Past editions have included global music stars such as Björk, Rosalía, Kendrick Lamar, LCD Soundsystem, Travis Scott, James Blake, Wu-Tang Clan, A$AP Rocky, Aphex Twin, Snoop Dogg, Animal Collective, Underworld, Nicolas Jaar and Fuerza Regida.
El poder de la manifestación existe 💚 ¡Conozcan el cartel completo de AXE Ceremonia 2025! Nos vemos el 5 y 6 de abril en el Parque Bicentenario.#PreventaCitibanamex 22 de octubre a partir de las 14:00 hrs. https://t.co/mWvaxA33mW pic.twitter.com/z0VEWLTNwP
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.