ByJacqueline Schneider
ByJacqueline Schneider,
 Senior Contributor. 
Host Erykah Badu attends the 2016 Soul Train Music Awards at the Orleans Arena on November 6, 2016 ... More in Las Vegas.
The combination of rhythm and blues spurred the development of the culture and genre that is R&B. Originated by Black artists and marketed to marginalized communities by the music industry machine, R&B began in the 1940s with the term coined by Jerry Wexler of Billboard magazine in 1948.
While R&B exists in its own category, many have been introduced to the genre and sound through other types of music like hip hop, rap, soul, rock and even some forms of disco. The R&B sound is known for vocal talents, with well-known artists who pioneered the genre at its height in the late 90s and early 2000s like Erykah Badu, Usher, Sade and Mariah Carey, to those who laid the groundwork for the R&B sound many people know and love now like Al Green, Anita Baker and Aaron Neville who sang about love and lust with intention and truly unique vocal stylings.
The following 25 artists are a mere snapshot of the vast talent pool that exists across the genre and across generations featuring artists who have defined new R&B sounds like Erykah Badu, SZA, D’Angelo and SWV with R&B as the foundation, and others who’ve flown a little more under the mainstream radar like Xscape, Brownstone and Dwele.
I listened, researched, interviewed and followed internet threads to see which artists R&B fans celebrate. This is a subjective list, with plenty of room for others depending on your individual tastes, background, and entry year into R&B. All of the artists here and on your personally curated lists are worth a listen.
Cleo Sol performs the Frieze Music annual party celebrating Frieze Week at Chucs Serpentine on ... More October 04, 2019 in London.
British singer Cleo Sol is of the new school of R&B greats, with a uniquely smooth and soulful voice that can be heard on features with Forbes 30 Under 30 alumni, Little Simz, and the wildly viral, experimental band, Sault. Pulling in inspiration from Erykah Badu, Stevie Wonder and Jill Scott, Sol’s sound is angelic and memorable.
Dwele performs on stage at Hammersmith Apollo on March 5, 2010 in London.
A voice of the 1990s and early 2000s, Andwele Gardner, known commercially as Dwele, first became popular for his guest vocal appearances on Kanye West's “Power” and "Flashing Lights" songs. A rapper, singer and producer, Dwele pioneered a sound at the intersection of R&B, soul and neo-soul going on to work closely with the J Dilla-produced group Slum Village. With over a dozen popular singles and six albums, Dwele’s sound set the stage for a movement of “conscious” hip hop and R&B with thoughtful, astute lyrics and instrumental pairings.
LaTocha Scott, Tameka "Tiny" Cottle-Harris, Tamika Scott-Byas and Kandi Burruss of Escape pose for ... More photos at the LeMeridien Hotel in Chicago, 1994.
“Just Kickin’ It” was a classic and timely summertime song written by Jermaine Dupri, a quintessential figure in 1990s R&B, and performed by Xscape, putting the group on the musical map as they released the corresponding album Hummin' Comin' at 'Cha which sold over one million copies. Coming on the scene during a time when music videos were the first mode of marketing for artists, the “Just Kickin’ It” video showcased the entertainment value of the girl group which consisted of original members Kandi Burruss (who went on to become a Grammy-winning singer and appear on popular television show The Real Housewives of Atlanta), Tamera Coggins, Tameka "Tiny" Cottle, LaTocha Scott, and Tamika Scott. The group went on to release three studio albums and tour the world.
Natalie Stewart and Marsha Ambrosious of Floetry perform on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno, February ... More 4, 2003.
With one of the 50 Best Love Songs of All Time, Floetry’s sensual “Say Yes” is a neo-soul ballad dripped in R&B. The English duo, with Marsha Ambrosius referred to as "the Songstress" and Natalie Stewart, "the Floacist," were a match made in R&B heaven. The two met on the basketball courts in London and started as spoken word artists and poets, going on to make two of the most influential albums in R&B, Floetic and Flo'Ology.
Keith Sweat relaxes backstage at the Riverside Theatre in Milwaukee, in March 1988.
Pioneered by Teddy Riley, the new jack swing genre and movement found Keith Sweat as an early entertainer of the sound. Originally from Harlem, Sweat is known for a more sexy side of R&B with songs “Make It Last Forever,” “Make You Sweat” and “Nobody,” contributions from the thirteen albums he released.
American singer and songwriter Kina Cosper, Guyanese singer Charmayne Maxwell and American singer ... More Nicci Gilbert of the R&B group Brownstone at the 11th Annual Soul Train Music Awards, held at the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles, 1997.
With only two full albums, Brownstone made a lasting impact on R&B’s 1990s sound with hit single, "If You Love Me," nominated for a Best R&B Performance Grammy Award. The trio formed after meeting while attending auditions around Los Angeles and eventually were signed to Michael Jackson's MJJ Music.
Tina Turner performs at the World Music Theater in Tinley Park, Illinois on June 28, 1997.
Hailed as the “Queen of Rock & Roll,” Tina Turner’s influence as an R&B songstress can be heard in songs like “It Sho Ain’t Me” with Ike Turner, and “I Can’t Stand The Rain,” on her 1969 album So Fine. At the start of her career, Turner was pigeonholed as an R&B artist since that was the sound available for young black female artists at that time, but soon broke out of the mold, going on to become a rock and roll superstar and icon.
Singers Coko, Taj and Lelee from SWV, 1996.
A quintessential 1990s R&B group and vocal trio from New York, Sisters With Voices (SWV) includes members Cheryl (Coko) Gamble, Tamara (Taj) George and Leanne (Lelee) Lyons and rose to popularity with classic songs “Weak,” “I’m So Into You” and “Right Here,” which uses recognizable samples of Michael Jackson’s “Human Nature” produced by the infamous Teddy Riley. The group released six total albums with a break up in the late 1990s, only to be reunited in 2005.
Aaron Neville performs during Elvis: The Tribute at The Pyramid Arena in Memphis Tennessee in 1994.
Born in 1941 in New Orleans, Aaron Neville pioneered the R&B sound, laying the foundation for artists that came after him. With four platinum albums, Neville’s popular “Tell It Like It Is” song starts with the memorable lyrics “If you want someone to play with / go and find yourself a toy”, holding a special place near and dear to R&B lovers across generations.
En Vogue in concert.
Girl group En Vogue was formed in 1989 in Oakland, with members Terry Ellis, Dawn Robinson, Cindy Herron and Maxine Jones and key anthems “My Lovin' (You're Never Gonna Get It)" and "Free Your Mind." Seen as a powerful group of women, En Vogue’s music message was strong in an effort to inspire and empower women. With over 20 million records sold, En Vogue has won seven MTV Video Music Awards, received seven Grammy nominations and were ranked as the second most successful female group of the 1990s.
John Legend performs at Jazz at Lincoln Center in 2022
John Legend was born to a musical family – his father was a drummer, his mother a singer and director in the church choir, and his grandmother was a church organist. With roots in music predating his background vocals on Alicia Keys “You Don’t Know My Name,” Jay-Z’s “Encore” and piano playing on Lauryn Hill’s “Everything Is Everything” Legend went on to release his debut album, Get Lifted, on Kanye West’s GOOD Music imprint with lead ballad “Ordinary People.” Get Lifted went on to win a 2006 Grammy Award for Best R&B Album. Legend’s style combines a mix of emotional lyrics and vocal output with precise instrumental arrangements and harmonies that seamlessly splicie hip hop, R&B and soul together to create a memorable sound.
Grammy Award winning American singer Anita Baker in New York City, circa 1980s.
With one of the most unique voices of our time, Anita Baker’s style of soul and R&B laid the foundations for generations of artists to follow. Songs like “Caught Up In The Rapture,” Grammy-winning “Sweet Love” and “No One In The World” remain time-tested classics. Often referred to as a leader in the “quiet storm” movement of the 1980s which spills over into R&B, Baker’s music and impact is timeless.
Acclaimed soul artist Al Green performing in at the Essence Festival in New Orleans, 1996. 
While many consider Al Green a soul music artist, the argument can be made that he was an original voice of R&B allowing the genre to expand into what it has become today. Songs like "Let's Stay Together," "Love and Happiness" and "I'm Still in Love with You” come with an instrumental analog sound of the past, but his lyrics, cadence and vocal tambour feel like R&B.
Brandy performs during KMEL Summer Jam at Shoreline Amphitheatre on August 11, 1995 in Mountain ... More View, California.
A crossover star who started as a singer with a 1994 self-titled debut album, Brandy became the lead in the coming-of-age sitcom Moesha in 1996. With a smooth, angelic and palatable voice, Brandy’s contribution to R&B came in the form of collaborations with artist Monica on “The Boy Is Mine,” as the face and voice of Cinderella, and a judge on the first season of America's Got Talent. Brandy’s unique vocal range and style has impacted artists in the industry where she has been referred to as the “vocal bible.”
Jill Scott performs onstage at 2017 ONE Music Fest at Lakewood Amphitheatre on September 9, 2017 in ... More Atlanta.
A vital voice in the Philadelphia soul movement, Jill Scott is the high priestess of R&B. With an incredible vocal range and powerful candor, Scott’s spoken word poetry, music and songwriting defines modern R&B. Her debut album, Who Is Jill Scott?: Words and Sounds Vol. 1 blended jazz, hip hop, soul and gospel and went platinum. Scott has since become a Grammy award-winning singer with five albums, a film and television star, and started a foundation to help young students of color pay for college.
Mariah Carey performs onstage during the 2018 iHeartRadio Music Festival at T-Mobile Arena on ... More September 21, 2018 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Mariah Carey, popular for her incredible five octave vocal range, took the music industry by storm as not only a skilled musician but someone who wrote all of her own songs — a talent many singers do not share. With influences from gospel music, soul and pop, Carey embodies R&B in sound and vision with six Grammy awards and a ranking as the fifth greatest singer of all time by Rolling Stone in 2023. Carey rose to fame in 1990s when Columbia Record executive Tommy Mattola pursued her after hearing her demo, and went on to be the only artist to have five singles reach number one on Billboard’s Hot 100 U.S. list. She become known as “The Queen of Christmas,” with her best-selling holiday song, “All I Want For Christmas Is You,” and has sold over 220 million records as well as being inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame.
Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes (1971-2002), Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas of TLC,pose ... More for a studio portrait in 1999 in Hollywood.
Formed in Atlanta, TLC stands as one of the iconic female R&B groups in history. The trio composed of Tionne "T-Boz" Watkins, Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, and Rozonda "Chilli" Thomas were the best-selling R&B group of all time according to BBC. With numerous hit singles “Creep,” “Waterfalls,” “Unpretty” and “Scrubs,” their 1994 debut album, CrazySexyCool, became the first album by a girl group to reach diamond status (representing 10 million sales) in the U.S. In 2002, Lopes died in a car crash while filming a documentary in Honduras leaving the trio a duo.
Usher performs onstage during iHeartRadio Channel 95.5's Jingle Ball, 2023.
The ultimate R&B singer, songwriter and dancer, Usher Raymond released his debut self-titled album at age 15 in 1994, and go on and become one of the most well-known figures in modern R&B. With number-one single "Nice & Slow," and top singles "U Remind Me," "U Got It Bad," "U Don't Have to Call" and "You Make Me Wanna..." Usher’s tunes are etched into the memory and cultural toolboxes of generations of people that grew up in the late 1990s and early 2000s. On stage, Usher’s dance moves impress with an innate sense of rhythm and the ability to sing, dance and entertain in unison.
Aaliyah performs during KMEL Summer Jam at Concord Pavilion on August 9, 1997 in Concord, ... More California.
Born in Brooklyn and raised in Detroit, Aaliyah Dana Haughton known as Aaliyah, made an impact on music and culture in her short time on earth. Originally discovered on television show Star Search alongside Gladys Knight, Aaliyah entered her first record deal with Jive Records at age 12. After connecting with R. Kelly who became Aaliyah’s mentor and collaborator (and allegedly illegal husband) to work on her 1994 debut album Age Ain't Nothing but a Number, which went on to sell three million copies. Aaliyah was a double threat, with a career as an actress playing roles in “Romeo Must Die” and “Queen of the Damned.” In a tragic airplane accident, Aaliyah died too soon at age 22 in 2001.
Frank Ocean performs at The Other Tent during of the 2014 Bonnaroo Arts And Music Festival.
Frank Ocean blew up the idea of genre when his first mixtape, Nostalgia Ultra, dropped in 2011, followed by the debut Channel Orange album that went on to win a Grammy. Ocean’s unique style of singing, writing and production, layers elements of hip hop, rock, electronic and experimental sounds with relatable and vulnerable lyrics. Ocean’s skill speaks to the depth of emotions for a generation raised on the internet through the lens of R&B.
SZA performs during the Glastonbury Festival in Worthy Farm, Somerset, England, Sunday, June 30, ... More 2024.
Before SZA was the mainstream artist many know her as now with collaborations with Travis Scott, Doja Cat, Kendrick Lamar and Justin Bieber, Solána Imani Rowe’s sound was experimental, niche and underground. The 2014 song with Chance The Rapper, “Child’s Play,” highlights SZA’s reptilian ability to blend in while standing out. In 2017, debut album Ctrl, put SZA on the map to a wider audience marketed as “alternative R&B” with an incredible album rollout by her label TDE. SZA is known for masterful songwriting, beautiful melodies and the ability to make any song emotional and honest.
Sade in Chicago, 1985.
Sade’s music is the ultimate lovers R&B soundtrack. The Nigerian-born British singer Sade Adu is hailed as the quintessential R&B and Adult Contemporary singer with six popular studio albums spanning 30 years. With a start as a fashion designer, Adu gained attention from record companies singing “Smooth Operator,” and is known in the musical community as a “musicians musician.” She served as inspiration to artists from Beyonce to Missy Elliott to Talib Kweli and rap duo Erik B and Rakim. Sade was the first Nigerian-born artist to win a Grammy Award and was inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame in 2023.
American R&B singer Mary J Blige performs on stage at Ziggo Dome, Amsterdam, Netherlands, 25 October ... More 2016.
Some people know Mary J. Blige as the “queen of hip hop soul” and others know the Bronx-born singer as a style icon synonymous with her signature over-the-knee boot look. As one of the first vocal artists to release an album (What’s The 411? remix album) with a rapper on each song, Blige pioneered the art of the “feature” combining R&B and hip hip for the mainstream in a new way. The iconic song “I'll Be There for You/You're All I Need to Get By,” a duet with Wu Tang’s Method Man, set the stage for Blige as an impactful voice in music for decades to come. Blige is the recipient of nine Grammy Awards, a Primetime Emmy Award, four American Music Awards, twelve NAACP Image Awards, and twelve Billboard Music Awards.
D'Angelo, performing on stage, Axion Beach Rock Festival, Zeebrugge, Belgium, 15th July 2000. 
Singer, songwriter and producer, D’Angelo set the stage for a new brand of R&B, pulling in elements of funk and soul to create his 1995 debut Brown Sugar, which garnered four Grammy nominations. His second album, Voodoo (2000), had perhaps the most iconic R&B album cover of all-time, featuring a shirtless D’Angelo with washboard abs, sent women’s hearts on fire across the world and placed the artist in a new category of stardom around the time his hit song “How Does It Feel” dropped. Born to a minister father and a jazz enthusiast mother, D’Angelo’s sound is heavily influenced by gospel music and the jazz and soul artists of the 1960s and 1970s.
Erykah Badu visits BET's "106 & Park" at BET Studios on March 29, 2010 in New York City. 
In 1997 Erykah Badu changed the trajectory of mainstream music after opening for D’Angelo and releasing her debut Baduizm, an iconic blend of R&B, soul and hip hop which went triple platinum and won a Grammy for Best R&B Album. The Dallas native’s cultural impact touches music in a way other artists can’t compete with, and she’s known as the “queen of neo soul” by music critics and fans. Uniquely able to express her identity, Badu encapsulates the ultimate in artistry, style and storytelling.