Posted by Seth at Wednesday, September 11, 2024 at 9:08 AM
    
Pharrell sat down with Variety to discuss his new LEGO documentary. For “Piece by Piece,” Williams recruited Jay-Z, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Kendrick Lamar, Snoop Dogg, Pusha-T, and Timbaland. He didn't inform them they'd be Legos in the documentary.  “We purposely did not tell anyone that that would be the finished product. We wanted people to just answer the questions and really give their full, unedited reactions to the opportunity to do the interviews,” Williams said. When documentary participants learned they would be animated as Legos, Williams said, “everybody was pleasantly surprised and incredibly supportive.”  

            REUTERS/Stephanie Lecocq. "The Prelude to the Olympics", an event dedicated to fashion and sports at the Louis Vuitton Foundation, on the eve of the opening ceremony of the Paris 2024 Olympics, in Paris, France, July 25,
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Everybody Loves Cake

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.
                                

                                    The 77th annual Albany Tulip Festival, presented by KeyBank will be held in the historic Washington Park, the 81-acre "crown jewel" of the City on Saturday May ...