Home » Music
As the fallout between Rick Ross and Drake continues to unravel, Rozay’s past as a Florida correctional officer seems to be coming back to haunt him. Though the Maybach Music Group boss doesn’t deny that he once worked as a correctional officer in the late 1990s, the amount of time he served in that post is now being called into question.
In past interviews, Ross has claimed he only worked as C.O. for a few months, but an internet personality named 1090 Jake recently posted paperwork to his Instagram account which appears to show the “Hustlin” rapper actually held down the job a little more than a year and a half. One document uploaded by Jake appears to show Ross’ signature on a work document dated December 1995, and another document posted shows Ross gave notice of resignation in June 1997.
“Since he keep callin @champagnepapi a Whiteboy He woke the Real Whiteboy up [laughing emoji]” Jake captioned the post. “yall want this video?. He said he only lasted 4 months but the paperwork says 95-97 with a Perfect Attendance lmk.”
Ross responded to the allegations by posting Jake’s own paperwork to his Instagram stories and referring to him as a “rat.”
This is not the first time Ross’s corrections past has been scrutinized. The revelation first came to public knowledge after being uncovered by 50 Cent at the height of their long-standing beef.
Ross has gone on record about his time as a C.O. and, ultimately, why he left the job. In 2022, the 48-year-old told the Full Send podcast he was more or less only trained for the job.
“Maybe when I was 20,” Ross said then. “I didn’t really get to make it to the prison ’cause you gotta go through training and all that, and I didn’t last long. I may have lasted four months, and they said I was a lil’ tardy.”
Since Metro Boomin and Future’s Kendrick Lamar-featured track “Like That” dropped at the end of March, it has jump-started an exchange of disses mostly aimed at Drake from a number of rappers. Soon after Drizzy released a response with the blistering “Push Ups,” Rozay quickly countered with the inflammatory “Champagne Moments,” and the two have been sending social media shots back and forth since then.