Bitheru, aka Thomas Paredes of Jersey City, will be among the young artists on the bill Wednesday, Aug. 21, 2024, at the Groove on Grove at the Grove Street PATH Plaza. (Photo courtesy of Thomas Paredes)Courtesy of Thomas Paredes
As the summer’s outdoor music season starts to wind down, Groove on Grove will present its “Emerging Artists” showcase on Wednesday, Aug. 21, with three young acts — Bitheru, Wonder Collective, and Shake on Tuesday — taking over the stage at the Grove Street PATH Plaza for the early evening event.
Bitheru is the stage name of Thomas Paredes, a 16-year-old high school student from Jersey City who’ll have a small combo backing him at Groove on Grove but records alone at home with magical results.
A gifted singer, songwriter and musician, Paredes truly shines as a producer, assembling tracks that sound like they could have emerged from a top-flight professional studio. Paredes’ father was a professional musician with a collection of vintage electric guitars that young Thomas wasn’t allowed to touch.
“So, to prove that I was worthy of such an instrument, I started learning some Pink Floyd and Jimi Hendrix on my mom’s old acoustic guitar,” Paredes said.
When Paredes turned 13, Dad finally relented and bought him his first Fender Telecaster. And Paredes began acquiring some inexpensive, bare-bone recording gear and software.
“I have no sound panels on the walls of my room, so when I record my vocals, I put my blanket over my head and the microphone to compress my voice and make sure no sound is bouncing off the walls,” Paredes explained. “I haven’t bought any new equipment since 2021 and don’t own anything crazy because these things I listed have gotten me through and helped me get the job done. No problem.”
Those humble tools allowed Paredes to record a full-length album called “The Otherside” in 2023, and, in early August, the four-song “Hot Days” EP and his newest single, “LIXO.”
The album leans heavily toward bedroom pop, but the new EP and single have transitioned to sample-heavy, energetic hip-hop.
“I got tired of being sad and wanted to make something a little more upbeat for the summer,” Paredes said.
A love of Kendrick Lamar helped speed the transition from pop to hip-hop.
Finding all-ages spaces to perform has been a challenge, but Paredes is optimistic.
“I’m happy with the way that I’m going right now because although it’s slow, it’s progression,” he said. “But I hope that by next year, I can get out a lot more music, do some more shows of my own if God wills it, catch the attention of a label or a scout, and overall to grow a little more in popularity. I want to make myself known.”
Not surprisingly, Paredes has developed close friends who are also into music, including Ben Kamel, the drummer of Hoboken’s Three Dollars, and Wonder Collective, who’ll also be performing at Groove on Grove.
Wonder Collective's sound has been described as jazz-fusion meets neo-soul. (Jack Malaby photo)Jack Malaby photo
Wonder Collective’s core members are Mark Reyes-Mackliff on bass and guitar; Charlize Diaz on vocals, drums and percussion; Giovanni Cordova on drums and percussion; and Brook Mulugeta on keyboards. On some occasions additional members include horn players, singers and instrumentalists.
The unusual lineup makes for an unusual sound, described as jazz-fusion meets neo-soul.
Like all under-21 bands, Wonder Collective has had to be inventive in finding places to perform.
“In the next year, we plan to do many things, but one thing we’ve been constantly thinking about is having another local show hosted by ourselves again,” the group stated in an email. “The first one we had hosted at Greenspace Studios in Union City was a wonderful experience where we not only performed but created opportunities for other musicians, bands and vendors. We’d love to do it again sometime in 2025.”
As for Shake on Tuesday, the new band will bring its noisy alternative rock to the show.
The Emerging Artists Groove on Grove free, all-ages event runs from 6 to 9 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 21.
Jim Testa is on Facebook at facebook.com/Constant-Listener-Jim-Testa-On-Hudson-Music-108591071738628. He can also be reached at jim@jerseybeat.com.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices