Flickering Myth
Geek Culture | Movies, TV, Comic Books & Video Games
April 12, 2024 by EJ Moreno 
A wild cinematic dream team is coming, as legendary rapper Kendrick Lamar teams with South Park co-creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone.
Paramount Pictures will release the film and will reportedly begin production this summer.
Vernon Chatman wrote this new Parker & Stone live-action comedy. The studio has shared very few details about the film, as some reports have it set as a musical, while others note its somewhat controversial premise. No one knows yet, but during CinemaCon, Paramount CEO Brian Robbins said, “This script is one of the funniest and most original scripts we’ve ever read, and it’s certain to create some fireworks.”
Lamar and PGLang partner Dave Free will produce the project alongside Stone and Parker. The duo will produce for Park County.
If you are unaware, Kendrick Lamar is one of modern rap’s most significant presences. He’s known for winning the Pulitzer Prize for Music, an Emmy Award, and 17 Grammys; his most recent song, a diss track to Drake and J.Cole, sits atop the Billboard Top 100.
The film is slated to open on July 4, 2025. The release date is pretty stacked, with Universal releasing Jurassic World 4 on July 2 and DC Studios debuting James Gunn’s Superman on July 11.
Stay tuned for more details on this project and more like it at Flickering Myth.
Filed Under: EJ Moreno, Movies, News Tagged With: kendrick lamar, matt stone, Trey Parker
EJ Moreno is a film and television critic and entertainment writer who joined the pop culture website Flickering Myth in 2018 and now serves as the executive producer of Flickering Myth TV, a YouTube channel with over 27,000 subscribers. With over a decade of experience, he is a Rotten Tomatoes-approved critic who is also part of the Critics Choice Association and GALECA: The Society of LGBTQ Entertainment Critics.
 

© Flickering Myth Limited. All rights reserved. The reproduction, modification, distribution, or republication of the content without permission is strictly prohibited. Movie titles, images, etc. are registered trademarks / copyright their respective rights holders. Read our Terms of Use and  Privacy Policy. If you can read this, you don't need glasses.