Across a pair of posts on his Instagram Stories, Chet Hanks revealed that his father Tom Hanks asked him if he could break down the beef between Kendrick Lamar and Drake. Stars, they're just like us.
"Big Main, can you explain the Drake/Kendrick Lamar feud to me?" wrote Tom, 67, in a message to Chet, 33. "Yeah, so Drake and this other J. Cole been saying they along with Kendrick are the 'Big 3' in rap," wrote Chet, who has his father saved as "Pops" on his phone. "Then Kendrick put out a song saying, 'Fuck the Big 3, it's just big ME' initiating the beef. Then Drake was like, 'you got small feet cuz you're like 5 foot 5 or whatever.'"
The next part of Chet's breakdown, which is a pretty solid play-by-play of everything that unfolded, highlights how quickly the beef escalated after "Like That" and "Push Ups."
"Kendrick was like, 'you're a dead beat dad' and made fun of his Canadian accent," Chet continued. "So Drake came back and was like, 'Oh yeah? Well I heard you beat your wife' but literally like 30 seconds later Kendrick put out a diss overshadowing Drake's diss where he pretty much methodically dismantled Drake's entire psyche and called him a pedophile for flirting with young girls and revealing Drake had another kid that he was hiding from the world, which turned out to be fale, and Drake came back and was like, 'hahaha I gotcho ass I had people give you false info to make you look stupid' but it didn't even matter cuz then Kendrick dropped another West Coast banger where he really went in on labeling Drake a pedophile that was pretty much the sonic equivalent of when you took me to your high school in Oakland and we walked in on the basketball game and everybody started going nuts."
Chet appears to be a big fan of Kendrick Lamar's "Not Like Us," which he continued to describe to his father. "If you heard it you would automatically know how to Crip walk with a stank face while clutching an Oscar in each hand with Marshawn Lynch," he continued. "Then dap him up and tell him 'Town Bidness' which solidified the win not only for Kendrick but the entire West Coast."
In response, Tom wrote, "Holy cow! These are fighting words. People taking sides?? Who's winning?" Chet replied, "Did you not just read what I said."
Tom Hanks, bless him, has often made efforts to keep up with the cultural zeitgeist. In an interview on BBC's The One Show last year, he was asked what he thinks about the word rizz. "‘Rizz’ as in short for ‘charisma’?” he asked. “Well, I think if you claim to have rizz, you don’t have rizz. It’s gotta be placed upon you.”
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
Tom Hanks Says If You Claim to Have Rizz, 'You Don’t Have It'
pop-culture | BY Brad Callas
Chet Hanks Prevents Home Invasion by Punching Burglar
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
Tom Hanks Admits He’s Been in 'Some Movies That I Hate'
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLUE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT WHITE
Fanatics
TAKASHI MURAKAMI + DODGERS SHIRT BLACK
Takashi Murakami
Takashi Murakami + MLB World Tour Tokyo Series 2025 Surippa Ohana Cubs
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.