American music mogul Pharrell Williams has never been one to color inside the lines. So, it's no surprise that his biopic takes a completely different approach than, well, anyone else. Directed by Oscar-winning documentarian Morgan Neville, Piece By Piece "is a winsome reinvention of the music biopic" that's told entirely through Lego-inspired animation. Williams, of course, lends his voice and produces, inviting in his famous friends and collaborators — also in Lego minifigure form. It features Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Busta Rhymes, Snoop Dogg, Daft Punk, Kendrick Lamar, and Jay-Z, just to name a few.
If you missed it in the theaters, it's no big deal. Piece by Piece is now available to watch at home, and here's everything you need to know. 
Piece by Piece is a music documentary of Pharrell Williams' life and career, told entirely through the use of Lego figures. Like many documentaries that came before it, interviews with some of his major collaborators and famous friends help to tell the chronological life story. But beyond the interviews themselves, the film offers a colorful and whimsical in-depth look into the most transformative moments of his career, illustrated through playful visuals and metaphors. From his childhood in Virginia Beach through his modern day relevance as a cultural icon, the Lego documentary reinvents the boring talking heads biopic format.
While it struggled at the box office, only pulling in $9.5 million against a $16 million budget, Piece by Piece earned largely positive reviews from critics and audiences alike. On Rotten Tomatoes, the Pharrell Lego documentary has an 84 percent critic rating and 90 percent audience rating with over 500 verified reviews. Mashable's own reviewer, Film Editor Kristy Puchko, called it "a delight that could well have audiences dancing in the aisles." 
It's not perfect, as it glosses over the low points of Williams' life and career, but it has more positives than negatives. "The more I mulled over what this movie does offer, the more I was won over by its playful, glossy approach," Puchko writes in her review. "Animation is enthusiastically employed to bring the audience into the experience of being Pharrell Williams. The colorful blocks not only allow the construction of musical beats to become a physical act rather than an abstract idea, but also give a Ratatouille-like understanding of how this art form affects its hero. His synesthesia is showcased in waves of color as the beat bounces."
Read our full review of Piece by Piece.
Less than a month after its theatrical debut, Piece by Piece became available to watch at home. Thanks to digital video-on-demand retailers like Prime Video and Apple TV+, you can rent or purchase the film online. If you'd rather stream the Pharrell biopic, keep scrolling for more information.
Here are some quick links to rent or purchase Piece by Piece starting Oct. 29:
Prime Video — buy for $24.99, rent for $19.99
Apple TV+ — buy for $24.99, rent for $19.99
Fandango at Home (Vudu) — buy for $24.99, rent for $19.99
Google Play — buy for $24.99, rent for $19.99
YouTube — buy for $24.99, rent for $19.99
Note: Keep in mind that with rentals, you'll only get 30 days to watch the film and just 48 hours to finish once you start it.
There's no official streaming date yet for Piece by Piece, but we expect there to be an announcement soon. It'll likely start streaming later this month on Peacock, as other Focus Features flicks before it have — including Polite Society, Back to Black, Drive-Away Dolls, and Lisa Frankenstein. In the meantime, you can either rent or purchase on VOD retailers or prepare by signing up for Peacock in advance.
Peacock recently raised its prices, sadly, with subscriptions now starting at $7.99 per month with ads or $13.99 per month without. Fortunately, though, we've found a few different ways you can save some money on a subscription. Check out the best Peacock deals below to stream Piece by Piece when it makes its streaming debut.
By committing to Peacock long-term and paying for a year upfront, you can save about 17% as opposed to paying month to month. A yearly subscription is just $79.99 per year with ads or $139.99 per year without, which breaks down to just $6.67 or $11.67 per month. Comparatively, a monthly subscription will run you either $7.99 per month ($95.99 per year) or $13.99 per month ($167.88 per year). So, you'll basically be getting 12 months of streaming for the price of 10.
If you're an Xfinity customer, check your eligibility for Peacock through your account. Select customers can score a Peacock subscription for free. Here's a brief breakdown of who is eligible:
Xfinity Internet users on the Gigabit or Gigabit+ plans can score free Peacock Premium (with ads) for two years (offer ends June 25, 2025).
Xfinity Internet customers who are Diamond or Platinum Xfinity Rewards members can get Peacock Premium for free by redeeming a reward for it. Sign in at xfinity.com/rewards and choose Peacock as a reward. Then, wait for your email (it may take a few hours) with instructions on activating the offer.
NOW TV customers can also receive Peacock Premium as part of their service.
New customers with Xfinity Internet and an X1 TV Box, Flex streaming TV Box, or a Xumo Stream Box from Xfinity can get Peacock Premium for free for six months.
College students can get a Peacock Premium subscription for just $1.99 per month for an entire year, so long as they can prove their student status via SheerID. Once you're verified, you'll receive a unique promo code to use for the discount. Just remember that the code can only be used once. In other words, don't share it with your friends.
First responders can also score Peacock Premium for $1.99 per month, so long as they can prove their status via SheerID. If you continue to meet verification qualifications, you can renew the deal annually. Once verified, you'll receive a unique promo code to drop the price from $7.99 to $1.99 per month. Each year, you'll have to receive a new promo code to secure the discount. Learn more about eligibility terms and requirements.
Peacock and Instacart partnered up last year to offer paid Instacart+ members free Peacock Premium subscriptions. That's a $79.99 per year value for free. Instacart+ costs $99.99 per year and includes free grocery delivery on orders over $35, lower fees, credit back on eligible pickup orders, and more. Plus, you can kick things off with a two-week free trial. Pro tip: Wait until Piece by Piece starts streaming, then sign up for your trial to watch for free. If you cancel before the two weeks are up, you won't pay a cent. 
Through July 2025, JetBlue TrueBlue members can earn 1,000 free TrueBlue points when they sign up for Peacock. Plus, if you have Mosaic status, you can get your first year of Peacock Premium for free (a $79.99 value). Read more about eligibility and terms over on Peacock's special offer page.

Topics
Film
Music
Streaming
How to Watch
Peacock

The home to Universal Pictures, DreamWorks, and Focus Features theatrical releases, as well as NBC classics, Peacock has a pretty extensive catalog — especially for the price. You can watch recent releases like Abigail, The Fall Guy, Kung Fu Panda 4, Drive-Away Dolls, and Lisa Frankenstein, as well asclassics like Shrek, Labyrinth, The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and the entire Harry Potter franchise. TV-wise, you can stream NBC classics like The Office, New Girl, and 30 Rock, as well as newer Peacock Originals like Poker Face and Mrs. Davis. 
Peep our watch guides for the best shows on Peacock, the most binge-worthy shows on Peacock, the best horror movies on Peacock, and more recommendations.
You'll either need an eligible Xfinity subscription, an Instacart+ subscription, or JetBlue Mosaic status (see more details above) if you want to score a free Peacock subscription in 2024. Unfortunately, there's no longer a free trial available for new users.
There are only a few certainties in life: death, taxes, and streaming service price hikes. As of July 18, Peacock jacked up the prices of both its ad-supported and ad-free tiers. Peacock Premium (with ads) was just $5.99 per month, but has since increased to $7.99 per month. Meanwhile, Peacock Premium Plus (no ads) went from $11.99 per month to $13.99 per month. The annual subscription prices also increased from $59.99 per year to $79.99 per year and $119.99 per year to $139.99 per year. Sure, it's still relatively low compared to some other streamers, but it's still a bummer.
Christina Buff is a Nashville-based freelance writer for who covers shopping with a splash of entertainment. If you’re ever wondering what streaming service you need to watch something (and the cheapest way to sign up for it), she’s your girl.
Christina received a B.S. in Business Communication (concentration in writing) from Stevenson University and began her professional journey writing and editing press releases. Since then, she’s written content for a marketing agency, blogged for celebrities, and covered local news, politics, women’s lifestyle, fashion, beauty, and just about everything in between for various publications.
When she’s not writing, she’s probably enjoying live music, studying human design, or embroidering and upcycling clothes. You can follow her on Instagram at @touchinfinity.