(photo by: Carmen Mandato/Getty Images)
50 Cent recently sat down with The Hollywood Reporter magazine and shared some intriguing info!
50 Cent was asked during the interview about why he has avoided going to one of Diddy's parties, explaining that Diddy once invited him on a shopping trip, which he found strange. He felt uncomfortable with the energy and decided to steer clear. According to The Hollywood Reporter, he said "He asked to take me shopping. I thought that was the weirdest s--- in the world because that might be something that a man says to a woman. And I’m just like, 'Naw, I’m not f---ing with this weird energy or weird s---,' coming off the way he was just moving. From that, I wasn’t comfortable around him."
(Photo by Scott Gries/Getty Images)
When asked about his relationship with Diddy, 50 Cent clarified that their interactions were strictly professional, lacking any genuine friendship. He recalled that Jennifer Lopez was the one who initially suggested that Diddy collaborate with him. 50 Cent said that he never socialized with Diddy outside of work, as he believed Diddy often took undue credit for others' creative efforts. 
He was quoted as saying: "It was mostly work. I wouldn’t call it a friendship because there wouldn’t be disappointment between us if we didn’t speak to each other. There’s points that we worked together. Jennifer Lopez actually told him he should work with me as [a] songwriter in the beginning. And I was around at the early stages, and he could have done my record deal at that point." He went on to say, "I didn’t ever party or hang out with him. Puff is a businessperson; when [people call him] a producer, I see people that were taken advantage of, who produced things that he took from them. He got the credit. He’s not a producer. He’s been able to take advantage of the business and the creatives in it. I don’t have any interest in doing that. I actually fall under the creative. So I just didn’t take to hanging out with that.
(Photo by Rob Carr/Getty Images)
50 Cent also discussed his involvement in the Super Bowl performance, revealing that despite tensions with Jay-Z and Roc Nation, he was included because Eminem insisted on having him there. Eminem made it clear he wouldn’t perform without 50 Cent, leading to his surprise appearance. He said "Roc Nation. Yeah, they didn’t want me there. Eminem wouldn’t do it without me. That’s how I ended up on the show because he was not coming if I didn’t do it. When that happens, you go, 'Damn, so you just lost Eminem because you didn’t bring 50? Damn. All right. Bring 50 then.' But if it was up to them, they would not have me there. I’m the surprise. I’m not on the bill at all. But they couldn’t get Em to do it without me."
50 Cent also sat down for a round of quick questions with The Hollywood Reporter. I thought it was really great. Check it out below. 
Info that matters to you from around Metro Detroit and all the celebrity news you care about!
Hear Shannon's Scoop Monday through Friday at 6:50 AM and 8:50 AM on The Morning Bounce
As we continue our celebration of 50 Years of Hip Hop, we turn to the iconic artists who have sometimes made things better together as duets.
Growing up whenever someone made the statement that two heads are better than one, my grandmother always added, "Unless one is a goat head." For some reason, I can never get that out of my head and have to quietly chuckle whenever I hear the phrase now.
Still, I want to dive into a few of my favorite Hip hop duets in music history. The chemistry between two artists, their unique blends of lyrical flow and style can result in some truly unforgettable tracks. In a few instances, it appears that two heads can be better than one, even if one is a goat head.
The first song on my list was a bit overpowered in Hip Hop history by an incident that some say had a negative impact on someone's career.
During the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, an unexpected event occurred during the live performance of the hit song "Empire State of Mind". Rapper Lil Mama joined Jay Z and Alicia Keys on stage as they were delivering their iconic anthem.
Lil Mama's sudden appearance was unscripted and took the audience, and the performers, by surprise. It created quite a stir in the media, sparking discussions about stage etiquette. Regardless, it remains an unforgettable moment in VMA history, adding another layer of intrigue to this already legendary performance and song.
There are some iconic collaborations with Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg, Jay Z and pretty much everyone, and so many more.
Duets have been such a staple of the hip hop culture from Day 1, it's honestly hard to narrow it down to just 11 tracks. But we're going to highlight some of our favorites here, and hopefully it'll help inspire you to dive down a rabbit hole of hip hop duets.
Try not to sing this song right now. We dare you. Too late, you already did. It's iconic.
Just the first stop in a history of collaborations that had these two feeling like the peanut butter and jelly of hip hop for a long time.
This was one of the first Hip Hop & R&B collaboration love songs. And it does not miss.
This was simply an epic combination of two of the greatest artists to ever hold a microphone.
This is truly a MOMENT in Hip Hop history. It offers a captivating dialogue between two of the greatest rappers, both delivering some of their best verses.
What's better than a duet? How about two duos doing a duet? These powerhouses put together one of the best tracks to ever hit your speakers.
This is hands down my personal favorite duo in the History of the genre. The way they pass the verses back and forth and keep the energy on 10 the ENTIRE time: legendary.
Two modern legends doing what they do best.
If you know, you know. That's it.
Baby I... love you. Baby I... need you. There aren't many people out there that don't know this iconic duet. Though we still can't figure out why they were "texting" through Excel in the video.
These iconic female groups coming together was a high point for R&B/Hip Hop. We're counting it as a duet, even though there are like 74 people in the video.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!