By Tom Tapp 
Deputy Managing Editor

	The NFL today continued to build out its offering around Super Bowl LIX, announcing that Jon Batiste, Trombone Shorty, Lauren Daigle and Ledisi will provide pregame entertainment.

	The game will take place at Caesars Superdome in New Orleans on Sunday, Feb. 9, 2025 and air live on Fox. The star-studded lineup announced today is meant to honor the music New Orleans and features artists who call Louisiana home.

	“We’re honored to work with this year’s pregame lineup to celebrate the rich musical legacy of New Orleans and the entire state,” said Seth Dudowsky, head of music at the NFL. “The Super Bowl is a rare moment to unite fans around the world, and this year’s performers will bring the energy, soul and vibrant sounds of the region to a global stage, as we kickoff Super Bowl LIX with a celebration to remember.”

	










	Grammy winner, Oscar winner and New Orleans native Jon Batiste will perform the national anthem.




			Watch on Deadline		






	Trombone Shorty, the Grammy-winning New Orleans musician and producer, will perform “America the Beautiful” alongside fellow Grammy winner Lauren Daigle.

	New Orleans native and Grammy winner Ledisi will perform “Lift Every Voice and Sing.”

	This past year, Reba McEntire, Post Malone and Andra Day provided pregame entertainment.

	Grammy Award and Pulitzer Prize winner Kendrick Lamar was perviously announced as the headliner for the Super Bowl LIX Apple Music halftime show, which is presented by Roc Nation. 
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.