Weezy's first appearance alongside Rich Eisen, Kurt Warner and the gang will take place this weekend.

													By
												

	Gil Kaufman


Lil Wayne is getting in the booth. Only this time he’ll be firmly focused on running backs rather than rhymes. The legendary MC and sports fanatic will become a regular weekly guest on the NFL Network’s NFL GameDay Morning show beginning this Sunday (Nov. 17) according to a release from the NFL on Monday (Nov. 11).

	Weezy will take his place alongside the rest of the GameDay crew, which includes Rich Eisen, Kurt Warner, Steve Mariucci, Gerald McCoy, Ian Rapoport, Cynthia Frelund, Colleen Wolfe, Mike Garafolo, Tom Pelissero, Daniel Jeremiah and Kyle Brandt, along with various NFL Network reporters including Judy Battista, Bridget Condon, Stacey Dales, Omar Ruiz, Jane Slater, Sara Walsh, Cameron Wolfe and Steve Wyche.

	










	The news broke at halftime during Sunday’s New York Giants/ Carolina Panthers game in Munich, Germany alongside a video of Wayne running onto the field with his beloved Green Bay Packers. Back in 2021, Wayne dropped his official Packers theme song, “Green & Yellow,” on which he raps, “Once a Packer, always a Packer/ Like Shakur, call me ‘two-pack’/ I’m green and yellow.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






	Wayne’s NFL connection dates back nearly two decades to his blog posts for the ESPN the Magazine and a spot in 2009 on the round table of the ESPN daily show, Around the Horn, followed by him offering up his track “No Mercy” in 2016 as the theme song for the sports talk show Skip and Shannon: Undisputed.

	In September, Wayne admitted that being snubbed for a headlining spot at next year’s Super Bowl halftime show in his hometown of New Orleans in favor of Kendrick Lamar “broke” him. “That hurt. It hurt a lot. You know what I’m talking about. It hurt a whole lot,” he said at the time. “I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown. And for automatically mentally putting myself in that position like somebody told me that was my position. So I blame myself for that. But I thought that was nothing better than that spot and that stage and that platform in my city, so it hurt. It hurt a whole lot.”
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.