ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
AUSTIN, TX - OCTOBER 01:  Recording artist Kendrick Lamar performs on the Samsung Stage during day ... More two at Austin City Limits Music Festival 2016 at Zilker Park on October 1, 2016 in Austin, Texas.  (Photo by Rick Kern/Getty Images for Samsung)
It seems like the feud between Kendrick Lamar and Drake has died down for the moment. The rappers spent weeks releasing songs featuring insults and innuendos aimed at one another, and after several cuts arrived, now they’re both quiet. Lamar’s latest disses are now hitting the Billboard charts after their first tracking week has finished, and one of them has become another huge commercial win.
This week, Lamar scores new No. 1 hits on eight different Billboard charts. He does so with the same cut, “Not Like Us,” which has quickly become the biggest of the most recent roundup of disses between the two hip-hop stars.
Most importantly, “Not Like Us” launches atop the Hot 100 this week. As it arrives, the cut kicks former collaborator Taylor Swift off of the throne. The country and pop singer ruled the list for the past two frames alongside Post Malone with her latest smash “Fortnight” from her new album The Tortured Poets Department.
“Not Like Us” marks Lamar’s fourth leader on the Hot 100. He’s scored half of all of those champions in 2024 alone. Earlier this year, “Like That,” which reignited this fight, opened atop the tally.
Looking at other non-genre-specific lists, “Not Like Us” is also new at No. 1 on the Streaming Songs chart. Lamar’s latest smash is the most-streamed cut in the nation, and it was almost the bestselling as well. On the Digital Song Sales list, it launches in the runner-up rung.
Lamar debuts his single at No. 1 on several of the hip-hop-leaning rankings as well. Those tallies include tracks that Billboard classifies as either rap, R&B, or hip-hop, and they’re meant to be somewhat all-encompassing of those genres. “Not Like Us” opens in first place on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, R&B/Hip-Hop Streaming Songs, and R&B/Hip-Hop Digital Song Sales rosters.
As should be expected, Lamar also dominates the rap-only charts. “Not Like Us” is an instant winner on the Hot Rap Songs, Rap Streaming Songs, and Rap Digital Song Sales tallies as well.
“Not Like Us” debuts at No. 1 on eight of the 13 Billboard charts it appears on this week. It only opens inside the top 10, but fails to reach the highest rung, on the aforementioned Digital Song Sales list. On all the other rosters–which are radio-based–it enters much lower, but this is just the beginning for the cut.