After undergoing a massive renovation, Northwell at Jones Beach Theater is now open for the 2024 summer concert season. The modernization of the venue is the largest investment in the theater’s history, preserving this iconic location for generations to come and solidifying its status as a bucket-list destination for concertgoers.
Thanks to a partnership between New York State Parks and Live Nation, the multi-year project seamlessly integrates a robust series of improvements and upgrades into the theater’s original design.
“The completed renovations at the Jones Beach Theater preserve a cherished landmark while enhancing Long Island’s role as a top destination for live entertainment. I am proud to support these investments by NYS Parks and Live Nation, as it will boost the local economy and ensures that future generations of music lovers can continue to enjoy all we have to offer. Here’s to many more memorable summers at Jones Beach,” said New York Senator Kevin Thomas.
The reopening of the landmark venue is the culmination of three years of planning and nearly two years of construction, resulting in a refreshed and reenergized Jones Beach Theater.
he renovated Northwell at Jones Beach Theater is now open for the 2024 summer concert season. 
“This project is the latest example of our commitment to restore Jones Beach to its historic grandeur,” said New York State Parks Commissioner Pro Tempore Randy Simons. “For more than 70 years, the Jones Beach Theater has been the go-to place for world-class musical performances in an unparalleled setting. I’m grateful for our partners at Live Nation for their commitment to this magnificent theater and creating shows that are incredibly memorable in people’s lives and rejuvenate their spirits.”
“Northwell at Jones Beach Theater has been an incredible summer concert destination for decades and this renovation levels up the hospitality experience we provide artists and fans before, during and after the show,” said Tom See, President of Live Nation’s Venue Nation. “In collaboration with our partners at New York State Parks we’re preserving the magic of watching live music on the bay while creating an exciting future for Jones Beach Theater.”
The venue is ready for the season due to the hard work of 1,850 local construction professionals, 95% of whom are Long Islanders. These dedicated professionals worked over 245,000 hours to complete the renovation.
Enhanced Fan Experience 
A grand new entry makes it easier than ever for guests to enter the venue. Once inside, guests are greeted by a spacious plaza that is nearly the size of a football field. This vibrant new plaza features unique food and beverage offerings and ample space to sit down, relax, and take in the bay breeze before the show.
Fans will enjoy checking out the amenities on the plaza before, during and after the show.
To ensure fans enjoy as much of the show as possible and spend less time in lines, the venue has added 20% more restrooms and 30% more food and beverage outlets. To improve the experience inside the theater, over 7,000 seats have been upgraded and new premium seating experiences have been added. New state-of-the-art LED screens have been mounted on both sides of the stage to provide all fans with an enhanced view of the performance.
Expanded Seaside VIP Club 
The entire premium experience at Jones Beach Theater has been reimagined. Upon arrival at the CITI VIP Club, guests can choose from multiple locations to relax and take in the 280-degree views of Zach’s Bay. Guests will enjoy unique food and beverage offerings within the club and will be able to order an incredible spread ahead of the show, so the party starts right upon their arrival.
The CITI VIP Club offers multiple locations for fans to relax and enjoy the incredible seaside location.
Additionally, the 40 North Bay Club presented by Cadillac is a new membership-only club. This exclusive and intimate music sanctuary allows members to catch vibes before, during and after shows. The multi-level club honors music legends who have played at Jones Beach Theater and always features a DJ spinning vinyl on the patio. 40 North Bay Club also boasts special food and beverage programming, secluded bars, private restrooms, and a concierge.
The roof top deck at the 40 North Bay Club has incredible views of the theater and the bay.  
Upgraded Backstage and Beach for Artists & Crew 
The transformation of Northwell at Jones Beach Theater even extends the experience of visiting artists and their crew. As they arrive early in the morning and step off their tour buses, they will be greeted by an exclusive beach they can use throughout their stay. This private beach, serviced by a dedicated Jones Beach lifeguard, includes hammocks, Adirondack chairs, paddle boats, and more. All dressing rooms have been completely renovated with modern conveniences, and production load-in areas have been expanded to accommodate three times as many trucks and four additional buses.
An exclusive beach introduces artists and crew to what locals love about Jones Beach State Park.
Over the years, millions of locals and tourists have spent evenings under the stars enjoying music on the water at Northwell at Jones Beach Theater. Originally opened in 1952, the venue was built on the site of Zach’s Bay Stadium, an outdoor entertainment venue that hosted water circuses, boat races, and musicals. Over the decades, the theater has evolved, marking significant milestones such as the first rock concert by Blue Oyster Cult in 1978 and a permanent shift to concerts initiated by an Eric Clapton show in 1983. Known for its stunning seaside location and world-class performances, Northwell at Jones Beach Theater has hosted numerous legendary artists, including Sting, Smashing Pumpkins, Ariana Grande, Prince, Foo Fighters, Chris Stapleton, Kendrick Lamar, Van Halen, Lauryn Hill, and Stevie Nicks.
After a great season kick off with the Outlaw Music Festival, this summer’s lineup promises many exciting performances including Pitbull, Dave Matthews Band, Maroon 5, Alanis Morissette, Jason Aldean, Imagine Dragons, Santana, Counting Crows, New Kids on the Block, Hootie & the Blowfish, and more. The newly renovated venue is also the perfect destination for special events, private events, company picnics and community celebrations.
For tickets and more information, please visit JonesBeachTheater.com.
( Press Release Image: https://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/8/323731/323731-1.jpg )
WebWireID323731
This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted.
News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire.