By KATE DENNETT FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  08:51, 27 March 2024   |  Updated:  11:25, 27 March 2024   
 106
View  comments
Splendour in the Grass' organisers confirmed that the 2024 festival has been cancelled just months before it was set to kick off.
The iconic music spectacular, which has been running since 2001, was set to be headlined by Kylie Minogue, with the 2024 line-up announced just days before its cancellation.
Organisers confirmed on Wednesday that the three-day festival, which was due to be held from July 19 to 21 at the North Byron Parklands, had been cancelled 'due to unexpected events' and won't be rescheduled during 2024.
They confirmed that ticket holders will be refunded and said the festival will be 'working hard to be back' in years to come.
As the festival's future remains uncertain, MailOnline takes a look at the event's difficult few years, from a drop in 2023 ticket sales to disappointment over the 2024 line up and the infamous 'Splendour in the mud' chaos.
Splendour in the Grass' organisers confirmed that the 2024 festival has been cancelled just months before it was set to kick off, with Kylie Minogue having been signed up to headline
Organisers managed to secure Aussie superstar Kylie, 55, to headline the 2024 event fresh off her Grammys win and amid her huge Las Vegas residency.
Popular artists including G Flip, Arcade Fire, Future and Girl In Red had also been set to take to the stage at the 2024 event.
However, the line up copped criticism over its lack of renowned headlining international acts, with American rapper Future, 40, being one of the only global stars slated to perform.
In the past, Splendour has nabbed a slew of international acts including Kendrick Lamar, Tyler the Creator, Flume, Queens of the Stone Age and The Smashing Pumpkins.
The festival also became known for attracting some of Australia's most renowned artists, including Powderfinger, Missy Higgins and Hilltop Hoods.
The cancellation and uncertainty around the festival's future comes after a drop in ticket sales last year and disappointment over the 2024 line-up
Popular artists including Arcade Fire (pictured), G Flip and Future had been set to take to the stage, but the line up copped criticism over its lack of renowned headlining international acts
But the reception towards the 2024 line up was lukewarm, with fans questioning why they couldn't attract a more high profile acts. 
'Absolutely rubbish. It's one of the only festivals in Australia big enough to pull a semi exciting and decent line up and the biggest in the way of overseas headliners is Future,' one frustrated fan said.
'Australian festivals are f**ked. How is Future the only good international act?' another agreed, as someone else added: 'Australian music festivals are so boring omg.'
One source claimed that the festival's cancellation was most likely due to poor ticket sales amid the underwhelming reaction to the line-up. 
Meanwhile, Rolling Stone Australia's chief operating officer Joel King also weighed in on the 'perfect storm' leading to the cancellation, blaming the line-up and the cost of living crisis.
Splendour is the latest in a long line of music festivals which have been axed as organisers have felt the pinch across Australia (pictured: the 2023 music festival) 
He told the Daily Telegraph: 'It's a wider issue related to cost of living, poor line-up curation, erratic promoters (not in Splendours case), failure to adapt and create a better festival experience, increased logistics costs, hesitation by fans to buy tickets until closer to the event and 'Splendour in the mud' didn't help.
'It's all creating a perfect storm for event organisers.' 
Splendour is the latest in a long line of music festivals which have been axed after Groovin the Moo, ValleyWays and Tent Pole Music Festival were all canned as organisers have felt the pinch.
When Tent Pole Music Festival was cancelled just weeks before it was due to kick off, organisers blamed the 'impossible' economic climate.
Splendour's 2024 tickets were up for grabs for as much as $599, but the festival will now have to refund the sales to disappointed fans.
Last year, the festival (pictured) recorded a 30 per cent drop in ticket sales from 50,000 to 35,000 and failed to sell out for the first time since 2011 
Three-day tickets for the festival cost a whopping $399, while single day tickets were up for grabs for $179.
Camping tickets also cost $159 while the premium VIP village tickets were priced at $599, with additional fees added on top of all the prices.
At the height of its popularity, the festival attracted 50,000 revelelrs across the three days.
But last year, the festival recorded a 30 per cent drop in ticket sales from 50,000 to 35,000 as artists including Lizzo, Mumford and Sons and Tove Lo performed.
The 2023 festival also failed to sell out for the first time since 2011, compared with ten years previously, when the iconic event sold out within an hour of going on sale. 
It came after a difficult few years for the festival which saw it twice delayed due to the Covid pandemic and the 'Splendour in the mud' chaos the year before (pictured)
It came after a difficult few years for the festival which saw it twice delayed due to the Covid pandemic and the 'Splendour in the mud' chaos the year before.
2022's Splendour in the Grass was smashed by torrential rain, turning the campground into a mud pit and forcing frustrated revellers to sleep in their cars.
The music festival saw festivalgoers forced to queue in their cars for up to 12 hours with no indication of whether they'd make it inside due to the ground being completely sodden and a lack of staff.
Organisers of the event were blasted by attendees - who forked out $400 to go - and claimed they were given no updates while they waited.
Partygoers were left waiting up to 18 hours, with some sleeping in their cars - only to be turned around as the mud made access to camping sites impossible.
Partygoers were left waiting up to 18 hours, with some sleeping in their cars - only to be turned around as the mud made access to camping sites impossible
2022's Splendour in the Grass was smashed by torrential rain, turning the campground into a mud pit and forcing frustrated revellers to sleep in their cars, with organisers being slammed  
Friday's opening day was canned after heavy rainfall saw organisers close the campgrounds due to large parts being submerged.
Day two went ahead, but management didn't seem ready for the amount of people departing en masse following the final act.
Guests were forced to wait as late as 6am for a bus, with people claiming they had seen people be crushed and fall unwell with little to no support from staff.
A series of grovelling apologies from organisers were met with anger from those in attendance, who claimed they put on a calamitous festival despite three years of planning.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group