"Every real rapper loves & respects Wayne."

							By 

	Preezy Brown

Hip-Hop Reporter

Nicki Minaj has clarified her comments regarding Lil Wayne‘s Super Bowl Halftime Show snub, making it clear that she has no qualms with Kendrick Lamar, who was selected as the headliner instead of Weezy.

	In a social media tirade, Nicki alleged JAY-Z’s reasoning for not choosing Wayne to perform despite the upcoming Super Bowl being in is hometown of New Orleans stemmed from his “hatred” for Drake and herself. However, some felt her posts implied that Kendrick Lamar was unworthy of receiving the honor himself.

	In a post on X, Nicki added context to her previous statements, as she declared that her intent was not to cause division between the Lil Wayne and Kendrick, nor their fans, but to garner Weezy his proper respect.

	










	“You can love & respect Kendrick and still love & respect Wayne,” the Queens native wrote on Monday (September 9). “Even Kendrick loves & respects Wayne. Every real rapper loves & respects Wayne.” When a social media user alleged that Nicki’s clarification was at the behest of her record label, Republic Records, a notion the hitmaker quicky shot down.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	“LOLLLLL they did? Today?” she questioned in response. “If they did call me I def didn’t get the call chi. Maybe they left a vm. You must rlly not know Oniqua hungry pie. this rly just shows that you’re caged & have never been able to simply do & say as you please w/o any fear (other than the fear of GOD) stopping you.” 

	News of Kendrick Lamar being named the headliner of the Apple Music Super Bowl 2025 Halftime Show was announced earlier this week, immediately stirring debate amongst rap fans and artists alike. 

	While many applauded the selection given Lamar’s massive year, a large segment belived that Lil Wayne not only being a superstar, but a New Orleans native, made him the most compelling candidate to headline the show.

	One of Weezy’s more vocal defenders was Nicki, who lashed out in a lengthy tirade seemingly targeting JAY-Z and Roc Nation while profesing her loyalty to Lil Wayne and her Young Money crewmates.

	










	Lil Wayne has yet to comment on the matter.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.