The singer-rapper's 'Big Ass Stadium' tour next year also indicates a stop at the festival, where sources claim he will perform a "mind-blowing" set
Post Malone will headline the 2025 edition of Coachella according to reports – find out more below.
Yesterday (November 19), the singer-rapper announced his ‘Big Ass Stadium’ US tour for 2025. Interestingly, the tour included two dates in Indio, California that happen to take place on the same days as Coachella 2025. This indicated that Posty would perform at the major festival, but made no confirmation that he would be headlining.
Post Malone performs at Outside Lands Festival 2024. CREDIT: Steve Jennings/FilmMagic
However, Rolling Stone has now reported that Post Malone is indeed set to headline, according to an anonymous source, who also teased that he would be playing a “mind-blowing set” consisting of his biggest hits and tunes from his latest country album ‘F-1 Trillion’, and will be a “perfect precursor to his stadium tour.”
Neither Coachella nor Post Malone have confirmed his headlining slot for next year’s festival. The Coachella 2025 line-up is expected to arrive in January, as is tradition with the Californian festival. Notably, Kendrick Lamar and Rihanna have reported turned down offers to headline next year.
Coachella 2024 was headlined by Lana Del Rey, Doja Cat and Tyler, The Creator and also saw the return of No Doubt and more.
The rest of Post Malone’s ‘Big Ass Stadium’ tour will see him make stops in cities including Miami, Washington DC, Glendale, Detroit, New York and Minneapolis, featuring support from Jelly Roll and Sierra Ferrell. Tickets for Post Malone’s stadium tour go on sale from 12pm local time on November 26, you can get yours here.
Post Malone. Photo credit: Astrida Valigorsky/Getty Images
Post Malone’s latest album ‘F-1 Trillion’ in August of this year, and it follows on from his fifth studio album ‘Austin‘, which was released last year. ‘F-1 Trillion’ saw collaborations with the likes of Dolly Parton, Tim McGraw, and Luke Combs.
This summer the musician revealed his baby daughter saved his life after he was “on a rough path”. He appeared on CBS Sunday Morning, and was asked about a ‘Yours’, a track from ‘F-1 Trillion‘ that sees him imagine his daughter’s wedding day.
He said he had “written a whole lot of songs” about his only child. “It changes your life in the best way ever,” he shared. “I’ll never forget her. If you’ve heard her cry, you’ll never forget her, either.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.