New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
It's an esports kind of weekend.
Hello, everyone at Shacknews. Second week in a row that I'm back. The streak is going to end at "two," because next week I'm on site at TwitchCon. For now, let's enjoy another round of news, memes, and entertainment. This is the Friday edition of Evening Reading.
And, because it's the weekend, go find yourself something to play!
Here's some rapid-fire news to wrap up your week.
Hey, we're going esports-heavy tonight!
The International 2024 - Day 1 Bracket Update #Dota2 #TI13 pic.twitter.com/L5Cxbbk66s
The Dota2 International is underway.
Welcome to our home for the next 3 days! 🚀#RLCS pic.twitter.com/2naRTOJNQA
The Rocket League World Championship is happening over in Dallas, TX.
The Stage is Set 🤯🔥#WSOWGlobalFinal pic.twitter.com/tJgVbppQvZ
And the World Series of Warzone will crown the best Call of Duty: Warzone player.
Today in Bubbletron
Be sure to play Bubbletron today!
Rap beef
Kendrick Lamar And Drake Go To Therapy 🤣🤣 pic.twitter.com/lU18lOP7KI
Nobody cares what you think, J. Cole!
Accuracy in Sunday Pick'ems
After several minutes of the "NFL Live" cast discussing how they like the Chiefs over the Bengals, their graphics department trolled them by showing them all picking Cincinnati. That drew quick rebuttals and disclaimers: "We all picked the Chiefs, actually!" pic.twitter.com/4NKxF8kkiD
Yeahhhhhhhhhh, nobody's picking the Bengals.
Good Grief
Friday the 13th 🔪 pic.twitter.com/HbjDaYKHiA
This feels like the outline for a Robot Chicken sketch.
Nothing but the Hotfix
Happy 20 years to Fable! The Hotfix is celebrating with some Fable speedruns, which aren't seen during the mainline marathons all too often.
GDQ's Hotfix shows air every week and you can catch them all at the Games Done Quick Twitch account.
Under the learning tree with Masahiro Sakurai
Masahiro Sakurai started a YouTube channel! Let's learn from his decades of experience together by looking at one of his latest videos. This week, Sakurai has one final video on animation. Yes, he's starting to wind down.
This week in Shaqnews
Did Shaquille O'Neal really throw Tim Walz out of his restaurant? Nope, the claim originated from a source that labels its content "satire." https://t.co/IPaeDTqqpv pic.twitter.com/clv1KSbUJ1
Shaq is not immune to the kind of disinformation plaguing social media today.
IT'S STILL REAL TO ME, DAMMIT!
A new era begins for WWE Smackdown.
Tonight in video game music
Revisit Game Over Oakland with us and this performance from Ultra Combo.
That's it for the second Friday Evening Reading for September! Be sure to keep the spirit of the classic Evening Reading alive by jumping into the comments about whatever you see here or whatever randomness you'd like to discuss. Join the conversation and dive into the Shacknews Chatty comment thread below. If you want to go new school and find different ways to leave your feedback or talk about whatever, join us in the Official Shacknews Community Discord. I'll see you all next week!
Ozzie has been playing video games since picking up his first NES controller at age 5. He has been into games ever since, only briefly stepping away during his college years. But he was pulled back in after spending years in QA circles for both THQ and Activision, mostly spending time helping to push forward the Guitar Hero series at its peak. Ozzie has become a big fan of platformers, puzzle games, shooters, and RPGs, just to name a few genres, but he’s also a huge sucker for anything with a good, compelling narrative behind it. Because what are video games if you can't enjoy a good story with a fresh Cherry Coke?

					Ozzie Mejia posted a new article, Evening Reading - September 13, 2024