Metro Boomin is one of the hottest producers in hip-hop. He dropped two collab albums with Future and created the track that helped incite the now-infamous beef with Kendrick Lamar and Drake. The 31-year-old even jumped into the beef himself by creating the hilarious, viral beat for “BBL Drizzy.” But all of that hotness is at risk following a lawsuit filed against him Tuesday (Oct. 29).
Vanessa LeMaistre, 38, claimed that she was raped by the famed producer in September 2016 and that lyrics from a song he produced recounts the night she was sexually assaulted, according to TMZ.
In the suit, 38-year-old Vanessa LeMaistre, says that she met Metro, born Leland Wayne, while she was in Las Vegas for a vacation sometime in 2016. She claims that shortly after they met, he invited her to his studio in Los Angeles to hang out.
In September of that year, LeMaistre visited the producer at his studio, where she claims she was given an alcoholic drink. She also swallowed half a Xanax, to cope with the death of her 9-year-old son earlier that year. LeMaistre claims that, soon after, she fell asleep on a couch in the studio and that when she woke, she was being raped by Metro.
More from the Washington Post:
The filing describes LeMaistre drifting in and out of consciousness, unable to move, while Wayne performed sex acts on her. Wayne put her in a car waiting outside afterward and she was driven back to her vehicle at the studio, she alleges.
Several weeks later, she learned she was pregnant and underwent an abortion, the lawsuit says, adding that she had not had sex during this time and the pregnancy could only have been a result of the alleged rape.
A year later, in October 2017,  LeMaistre heard the song, “Rap Saved Me,” which is  produced by Metro and features verses from 21 Savage, Offset and Quavo. She felt that her experience was being mocked in the song, as Quavo rapped, “She took a Xanny / Then she fainted / I’m from the gutter, ain’t no changing. From the gutter / Rrap saved me / She drive me crazy, have my baby.”
Lawrence Hinkle II, Metro Boomin’s attorney, is denying LeMaistre’s claims, telling TMZ in a statement, “This is a pure shakedown. These are false accusations. Mr. Wayne refused to pay her months ago, and he refuses to pay her now. Mr. Wayne will defend himself in court. He will file a claim for malicious prosecution once he prevails.”