Rick Ross is laughing at Drake’s misery.
On Tuesday, Drizzy shared a video of his Toronto mansion flooded over due to intense storms, which prompted Rozay to troll Drake in the comment section of various Instagram posts.
Akademiks shared one of Ross’ remarks, which said, “Minor issues.”
According to XXL, he also commented, "Auction it, possibly get 2 M's” on one IG post—and on a separate one, wrote, "Now we both on the water," seemingly a reference to Ross’ Star Island mansion in Miami.
The two rappers were once long-time collaborators, which stopped when the 6 God started beefing with Kendrick Lamar. Ross’ appearance on Future and Metro Boomin’s We Don’t Trust You album led Drake to fire shots at the Maybach Music Group founder on “Push Ups” in April. Ross then dropped off his “Champagne Moments” diss track.
Their feud also led to Ross and his team being attacked in Vancouver, Canada by a handful of people at an event while Lamar’s “Not Like Us” played in the background. When footage of the incident appeared online, Drake liked at least one post showing the physical altercation.
On Tuesday, Toronto was hit with three thunderstorms over three hours. Drake’s home flooded as a result, and he revealed how bad it was in a clip. "This better be espresso martini," he wrote over the video, while he and a second person seemed to be cleaning up the mess.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Drake Posts Video of Toronto Mansion Flooded With Brown Water: 'This Better Be Espresso Martini'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Britney Spears Tells Ozzy Osbourne 'Kindly F*ck Off' as He Vents About Her 'Sad' Dancing on Social Media (UPDATE)
pop-culture | BY Alex Ocho
Tiffany Haddish Responds After Common Says He’d Marry Jennifer Hudson: 'I Hope They Actually Get Married'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.