AMARILLO'S #1 HIT MUSIC STATION
Future is reportedly caught up in a messy situation with The Real Housewives of Atlanta star Porsha Williams amid her divorce battle from estranged husband Simon Guobadia.
On Monday (July 8), In Touch reported that Porsha Williams, whose claim to fame is starring on the TV show The Real Housewives of Atlanta, is being requested to answer questions in a legal filing from Simon Guobadia, the man she had been married to since 2022. She filed for divorce earlier this year.
In the court filing, Simon is reportedly demanding answers to 26 questions, according to Radar Online. Porsha has 30 days to answer the inquiries and to admit or deny 41 additional allegations. One of the questions surrounds the nature of her alleged relationship with Future.
The request is for Porsha to explain the "nature of your relationship with Nayvadius DeMun Cash (professionally known as Future)." Nayvadius DeMun Cash is the rapper's government name. Though Simon asked the question, he did not expand further on why Future was discussed. The Atlanta rhymer being dragged into this divorce battle is surprising considering that he and Porsha do not have any kind of relationship that the public is aware of—friendship or otherwise. Sources close to Future claim "Porsha does not know Future" and they have never met.
Apparently, Simon Guobadia thinks Porsha Williams married him for his money and possibly cheated on him with other men based on the other questions he piled on in the documents. Porsha filed for divorce in February of this year after 15 months of marriage. Prior to the end of their relationship, they were tabloid darlings and often highlighted for their extravagant romance.
While Simon is worried about what Future and his soon-to-be ex-wife are doing, the rapper is likely unbothered since he's in mixtape mode. In May, Future claimed he "can't sleep" until the tape was done.
"I can’t sleep until it’s complete #MIXTAPEPLUTO," he wrote in a post on X, formerly known as Twitter. 
Future already dropped not one, but two albums this year with Metro Boomin: We Don't Trust You and We Still Don't Trust You. "Like That" featuring Kendrick Lamar, released in March and which appears on WDTY, is the track that sparked the beef with Drake. Mixtape Pluto will likely find the southern MC getting back to his "March Madness" roots. Southside has been working with Future on the effort.