Kendrick Lamar came for Drake’s neck again on Friday with the new diss track, “6:16 In LA.”
In it, K.Dot addresses many of Drizzy’s barbs from “Push Ups” and “Taylor Made Freestyle” about being under Taylor Swift’s thumb, Kenny recently purchasing a $8.6 million Brooklyn penthouse, conspiracies about The Weeknd’s manager, and more. Lamar also suggests that there are snakes in the OVO camp.
Fans were excited that Lamar fired back at the 6 God again, and so quickly. What made it all the more interesting is that “6:16 In LA” is co-produced by Jack Antonoff, Swift’s longtime collaborator—seemingly another shot at Drake’s freestyle.
The second diss track from the DAMN. rapper arrived just three days after he unleashed his first song aimed at Drizzy, the six-minute-long “euphoria.” Drake has yet to respond to either diss track.
Fans were quick to take to X to react. Check out what everyone’s saying about the song below.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar Drops Second Drake Diss "6:16 In LA": 'Can’t Toosie Slide Up Outta This One'
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Kendrick Lamar Fires Back With Drake Diss "Euphoria": 'I Got a Son to Raise…You Don’t Know Nothing About That'
music | BY Joe Price
Kendrick Lamar Claims on "6:16 in LA" That Drake Paid to Find Dirt on Him and They 'Came Back With No Receipts'
music | BY Jordan Rose
The Deeper Meanings Behind Kendrick’s Drake Diss “6:16 in LA”
music | BY Jordan Rose
Breaking Down All of the Ways Kendrick Lamar Attacked Drake on “Euphoria”
music | BY tara mahadevan
Kash Doll Reacts to Kendrick Lamar Name Dropping Her on "6:16 In LA"
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.