There’s no tougher crowd than social media users. Just ask Omarion.
The multi-hyphenate artist demonstrated this on May 31 when he shared a dance video soundtracked by Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us.” The clip featured Omarion in front of a blank wall where he performed several theatrical moves.
“Sometimes you got a pop out and show,” he captioned the post.
Although the video was arguably impressive, some moves stuck out to fans, particularly the random slow-motion jumps and spins placed throughout.
Some immediately roasted Omarion over the moves, which drew comparisons to the All That and George Lopez intros, as well as an iconic scene from The Real Housewives of Atlanta.
But the reactions weren’t all critical. Many X users jumped to Omarion’s defense and praised his dance skills.
Dance trends have become a staple on social media; however, few are based around diss tracks. “Not Like Us” was unexpectedly released on Saturday, May 4, and marked the climax of K. Dot’s highly publicized beef with Drake.
The track debuted at No. 1 and was widely considered Kendrick’s knockout punch.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.