He also talked about being name-dropped in "Euphoria."

													By
												

	Angel Diaz


	On the latest episode of his podcast A Safe Place, Lil Yachty spoke on a variety of topics pertaining to his proximity to the Drake and Kendrick Lamar feud. The Atlanta rapper wasn’t too into being name-dropped by Kendrick on “Euphoria,” telling his producer, “I really didn’t want anything to do with it,” after revealing he received a ton of excited calls and texts from friends. He also knew his name was going to be mentioned before the song came out adding, “I knew that my name was mentioned before it came out. I didn’t hear the record but I had got word that I was mentioned. I wasn’t surprised.”

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Drake		
					






















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					






















	
		
					Lil Yachty		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	However, Boat was also able to appreciate two of rap’s most important figures battling it out, saying, “I got a ton of respect for both of these guys. Honestly, it was a cool thing to watch. I learned so much. It was an honor and blessing to be able to experience it firsthand.”




			Trending on Billboard		





A post shared by 2Cool2Blog (@2cool2bl0g)

	In another clip, he gives his opinion on who won or lost, and as of right now, Yachty has it as a draw because the cards were stacked against the Toronto rapper. “Drake dropped great records. But also, let’s be fair: Drake was deemed a loser in this battle before it started because people don’t like him and haven’t,” he said after suggesting Kendrick’s apparent “animosity.” He continued by admitting he thinks Drake will be fine: “I don’t think people are gonna stop listening to Drake and Drake’s career is gonna flush.” 

	Boat then said he told Drake “I don’t feel like you won or lost” before adding, “Rappers have lost, and then lost everything. But this hasn’t happened to Drake. He will still be in everybody’s Spotify Wrapped at the end of the year and he’ll still drop hits and control the summer. I think Kendrick made very smart moves and I don’t think Drake would disagree.”
Lil Yachty speaking on the Kendrick Lamar & Drake rap battle"Drake was deemed a loser in this battle before it started, cause people don't like him and havent… I think he still sits on top of the throne… I told Drake I don't feel like you won or lost"via @ASafePlacePod pic.twitter.com/YYhM7Ir8vX

	Drake and Yachty work together frequently, for what it’s worth.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.