ADVERTISEMENT
ANOTHER @KingHenry_2 TOUCHDOWN!!!!

Tune in on FOX!!! pic.twitter.com/owL6wS9bg9
Life. Made. 🥹 pic.twitter.com/SAYRckoElV
👑👑 pic.twitter.com/JIHd5nHev8
ball hawks gettin’ loose #BALvsDAL | #DallasCowboys pic.twitter.com/S54Df2CVXF
That purple on purple 🔥 pic.twitter.com/5qZwhMdfU9
If you want to watch the Baltimore Ravens vs Dallas Cowboys game on TV, it will be broadcast on DAZN.
If you want to watch the Baltimore Ravens vs Dallas Cowboys game streaming, it will be broadcast on the DAZN app and NFL Network.
If you want to watch the Baltimore Ravens vs Dallas Cowboys game online, VAVEL Mexico and VAVEL USA are your best option.
Mexico: 14:25 PM
Colombia: 15:25 PM
Uruguay: 17:25 PM
Argentina: 17:25 PM
Chile: 16:25 PM
Bolivia: 16:25 PM
Paraguay: 16:25 PM
Peru: 16:25 PM
Venezuela: 16:25 PM
However, he has shown in his first 2 games that he still has the talent and explosiveness that he has always had. Achieving 65 yards, 4.2 yards gained per carry and 2 touchdowns. Of course, these are not in part the numbers that many expect. However, he is coming to a new team, which, in general, has not started well. And yet, he averages good numbers.
Even in the last game, he participated in multiple plays, in which it was clear that he is still “The King”, running with speed and breaking keystrokes as if the opponents were made of paper. Having good productions in the game.
Esto nos demuestra que Eric llega con ganas de demostrar de lo que es capaz en su nuevo equipo (Dallas). Indiscutiblemente, él es, y será, un pilar fundamental para el buen desarrollo de la defensiva de este equipo. Es cuestión de tiempo para que se adapte y empiece a mostrar todo el potencial que tiene.
On the Ravens side there are 6 players missing: Nate Wiggins (CB), Kyle Hamilton (S), David Ojabo (OLB), Deonte Harty (WR) and Keaton Mitchell (RB).
On the Dallas Cowboys side, players like Malik Hooker (S), Jake Ferguson (TE), Mazi Smith (DT), John Stephens Jr. (TE), CeeDee Lamb (WR) and Trevon Diggs (CB) stand out.
On offense:
-Points per game: Ravens 21.5 Cowboys 26
-Yards gained per game: Ravens 428 Cowboys 324
-Yards completed on passes: Ravens 260 Cowboys 239
-Yards completed on rushing: Ravens 168 Cowboys 85
-Possession of the ball per game (Minutes): Ravens 31:30 Cowboys 29:17
On defense:
-Points allowed per game: Ravens 26.5 Cowboys 30.5
-Total yards against per game: Ravens 306.5 Cowboys 331
-Yards passed against: Ravens 257 Cowboys 189.5
-Yards rushed against: Ravens 49.5 Cowboys 141.5
- Sacks: Ravens 7 Cowboys 7
- Interceptions: Ravens 2 Cowboys 3
If we look closely at the statistics, we can see that the Cowboys are a team that has a hard time defending the ground game well inside and outside the trenches. They average a total of 141.5 yards allowed on carries. It is essential that Baltimore knows how to exploit this weakness, especially, having one of the best ground players, such as Derrick Henry (“The King”). A player who has already started to average very positive numbers. If the Ravens take advantage of this opportunity, they will most likely win the game.
Likewise, it should be noted that Lamar Jackson continues to make the same mistakes since he came to the NFL. Complicating certain plays, in addition to having little creativity in passing plays when the pocket is collapsing. Giving away balls on multiple occasions. However, these mistakes don't take away from the great talent he has as a quarterback, and the great plays that he pulls out of his sleeves game after game. Even against the Raiders he had positive numbers. Producing 292 mixed yards (247 passing and 45 rushing), completing 21 of 34 passes, and finally, 1 touchdown.
However, these numbers were not so useful in the end. Since Lamar had a hard time making plays in the rival's end zone, to be able to score touchdowns. To such an extent that, Justin Tucker (kicker), had to score 11 points on field goals in the game. Almost half of the points scored by the Ravens offense. Confirming, the deficiency that Baltimore has to score in 6-point plays.
However, Ravens, have multiple offensive players who are really dangerous and explosive, who stood out in the game. Such as Zay Flowers and Mark Andrews. Flowers, for example, was the most versatile player when it came to receiving balls and gaining yards, as is usual for him. Zay participated in 7 plays, of which he achieved 91 yards, averaging 13.0 yards gained per play. In addition to achieving 1 touchdown score. In the case of Andrews, the role was to be the man to create short and medium distance plays in aerial plays. Helping Lamar Jackson unload when the pocket collapsed. Mark averaged 12.8 yards gained per play, in addition to gaining 51 yards. These players can be one of the keys to winning the game against the Cowboys.
In addition, it is necessary to highlight the game that the defense had. Which confirmed, once again, the power they have. Commanded by players like Odafe Owehy and Michael Pierce, who did not allow the trenches to be breached, in addition to capturing the quarterback on 3 occasions together. Likewise, players like Marlon Humphrey and Kyle Hamilton stood out thanks to the number of tackle plays in which they participated, in addition to achieving 1 interception, nullifying all offensive opportunities in the outfield.
The Ravens have a number of players on defense and offense that are enough for them to beat practically any team. However, they have to get their act together. If they manage to do so, they will surely be a team that will manage to go far this season.
And as many already know, the Cowboys offense did not stand out for an outstanding performance either. Dak Prescott's performance, once again, left much to be desired. And it really wasn't so much because of the production as such. It was really because of the number of mistakes he makes on certain occasions game after game. In this game, he signed excellent individual numbers, in which we can highlight 27 completed passes out of 39 executed, 293 yards gained in the game, and 2 touchdowns. However, it is noticeable that he has a hard time creating plays to reach the rival's end zone, in addition to giving away 2 balls that were intercepted, which cost Dallas dearly. Dak needs to improve these kinds of mistakes, which are seen game after game. Prescott is a great quarterback, he just needs to polish these kinds of details that year after year overshadow his good performance.
However, not everything was negative for Dallas. CeeDee Lamb once again showed his offensive power in this game. And how useful and versatile he can be, managing to gain 90 yards in just 4 receptions, to average 22.5 yards gained per play, and scoring 1 touchdown. The production of this receiver is literally phenomenal. And as if that were not enough, the chemistry that Lamb has with Prescott is fascinating. Giving them an advantage in almost all offensive plays. The chemistry between the receiver and the quarterback is essential for the plays in the playbook to flow.
The Cowboys have a chance to win the game against the Ravens, but they must restructure many things and come focused. In addition, they have the advantage of playing at home, where they are usually very strong.