The visual serves as a precursor to the brand's Spring-Summer 2024 Haute Couture show film.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Kendrick Lamar has scored a short film for Chanel that arrived courtesy of a collaboration between pgLang and the French fashion house.

The Button was released Saturday (Jan. 20) and serves as a precursor to the Chanel Spring-Summer 2024 Haute Couture show film, which is set to debut as part of Paris Fashion Week on Tuesday (Jan. 23) at 8 a.m. ET.

	Lamar’s pgLang partner Dave Free directed the three-minute black-and-white clip that also stars Naomi Campbell and actress Margaret Qualley.

	“At the invitation of Virginie Viard, Kendrick Lamar and creative partner Dave Free meet the world of CHANEL Haute Couture for the first time, bringing to life a story about time and transmission,” pgLang captioned its social media post revealing the teaser.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	“Actress and House ambassador Margaret Qualley plunges us into the tale The Button alongside actress and House ambassador Anna Mouglalis, as well as friend of the House Naomi Campbell.”

	K. Dot scores Qualley’s chaotic journey to the French capital, where she comes face to face with the house’s head designer, Anna Mouglalis, in search of the missing button. 

	The Compton rapper briefly interrupts the frenzy to lend vocals from an unreleased track. “I’m up and down/ I’m unenthused,” he flows in a daze. “To see there’s an exit is impossible.”

	The never-before-heard vocals serve as Kendrick Lamar’s first offering of 2024. While the rapper hasn’t released any solo music since 2022’s Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers, he’s guested on cousin Baby Keem’s “The Hillbillies” as well as a remix to Beyoncé’s “America Has a Problem.” 

	Watch The Button below.
At the invitation of Virginie Viard, Kendrick Lamar and creative partner Dave Free meet the world of CHANEL Haute Couture for the first time, bringing to life a story about time and transmission. Actress and House ambassador Margaret Qualley plunges us into the tale “The… pic.twitter.com/OnBXsd7Mx5
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.