Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
The 48-year-old won best rap album for 'Michael,' while his song "Scientists and Engineers" won best rap song and best rap performance.

							By 

	Mesfin Fekadu


	At 48, Killer Mike won three rap Grammys on Sunday and told the audience: “You cannot tell me you get too old. You cannot tell me it’s too late.”

	Mike won best rap album for Michael, while his song “Scientists and Engineers” won best rap performance and best rap song. On Twitter, the Recording Academy accidentally announced that Nicki Minaj and Ice Spice’s “Barbie World” won best rap song, though it went to Michael‘s track, which features Andre 3000, Future and Eryn Allen Kane.



	“For all the people out there that think you get too old to rap, bullshit. I don’t give a damn if you’re 78 rapping about how many gals you got in the nursing home, make sure we keep hip-hop alive,” he said during the Grammys pre-show held at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. The official ceremony will air later from the Crypto.com Arena.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					'SNL': Sabrina Carpenter Joins Quinta Brunson to Honor "Shorties"		
			














	
	General News
			



	
		
					Yesterday, All His Photos Seemed So Far Away		
			








	It’s been more than 20 years since Mike won his first Grammy: In 2003, he picked up best rap performance by a duo or group for “The Whole World,” his collaboration with OutKast.

	For best rap album, Mike beat out Drake and 21 Savage’s Her Loss, Nas’ King’s Disease III, Travis Scott’s Utopia and Metro Boomin’s Heroes & Villains. Tracks nominated for best rap song and best rap performance included Doja Cat’s “Attention,” Lil Uzi Vert’s “Just Wanna Rock,” Drake and 21 Savage’s “Rich Flex,” Baby Keem and Kendrick Lamar’s “The Hillbillies,” Black Thought’s “Love Letter” and Coi Leray’s “Players.”

	Mike won all three categories he was nominated for. Lil Durk and J. Cole’s hit, “All My Life,” won best melodic rap performance.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.