By
50 Cent recently opened up about his theory that Jay-Z attempted to block him from performing at the 2022 Super Bowl halftime show. In an engaging interview on Cam’ron’s new series Talk With Flee, the Queens rapper reflected on his business ventures and longstanding rivalry with the Brooklyn hip-hop mogul.
The discussion turned to the Super Bowl LVI halftime show, where 50 Cent joined Dr. Dre, Eminem, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, and Kendrick Lamar for a widely praised performance. Despite the event’s success, 50 Cent revealed he believed Jay-Z, through his partnership with Roc Nation and the NFL, may have tried to prevent him from participating.
“This is why I was saying I knew what ol’ boy was doing with the Super Bowl,” 50 Cent said, referring to Jay-Z. “He was doing some wild sh*t, Cam, because he was saying to Em and them that the NFL had the issue with me. And I’m like, ‘Well, what’s the issue? Why don’t they have an issue when I’m becoming a partner with the actual teams? But they have an issue with my performance? It makes no sense.’”
Cam’ron pressed further, asking if 50 Cent felt that Jay-Z’s actions stemmed from feeling “threatened” by their long-running rivalry. However, 50 Cent dismissed the idea of direct competition, framing the situation as one of unnecessary interference.
“Not even threatened,” he responded. “Our culture’s competitive, but I think when it goes past the music itself to blocking things in business, then I don’t understand that. Right now, he’s not even competing for a slot. He doesn’t have a new song out that he wants to be top 10 and he’s still competing. It don’t make sense. What are we competing for? What’s the goal?”
50 Cent’s remarks add another layer to the complex relationship between the two music titans. While both have contributed significantly to hip-hop, their competitive dynamic continues to influence how they navigate their business and personal interactions. Whether this claim will elicit a response from Jay-Z remains to be seen.
Stay informed with the latest news and offers from your favorite artists, events, and happenings.
Δ
#1 for R&B
Copyright 2024 WBLS