Source: Prince Williams / Getty
Latto has been making all of the noise lately and the “Big Mama” rapper recently sat down with Billboard for a candid conversation about her career.
During the interview, Latto spoke on her anticipated album “Sugar Honey Iced Tea,”  slated for an August release, which she promises, will solidify her spot in the industry.
RELATED: Latto’s Mom Has Got it Goin’ ON! [Photos]
Latto’s ability to find common ground with the OGs and new stars is also a reminder of her versatility and shows she can stand with the best of them.
During her interview, she was asked what was her thoughts on Kendrick Lamar’s and Drake public battle.
“I ain’t going to lie: I liked it! I liked the back-and-forth. I thought it was healthy for the culture. It just felt nostalgic. I don’t think our generation has even seen a rivalry like that,” she said. 
She was also asked if would she engage in a similar battle with Ice Spice as the two have been throwing subliminals at one another across social media.
“I mean this in the most understanding [way]: I’m a fan of music. I’m not one of them “lyrical only, anything else is bullsh-t” people. There’s so many subgenres that I’m a fan of — like mosh pit-type music; when Drake is in his melodic bag, I like that type sh-t — and all of it is still hip-hop,” Latto said.  “If I was to do [a battle], it would have to be with somebody I feel like Imma go tit for tat with. I really don’t mean it as shade. Would she even want to do that? I feel like she’s doing her in her lane. It’s two different types of vibes. I don’t even think she gives me like, “Oh, she wants to engage in an actual rap beef.” Everybody gon’ take their lil jabs in the music, and it’s not even that serious to me; I feel like you should do that. Continue to! But as far as actual whole dis records to each other, I don’t think she would even want to do that. I feel like… would it even make sense? It wouldn’t.”
So if you were looking for some battles against the new girlies, it looks like Latto is not interested!
Check out her full interview with Billboard here.
Get Breaking News & Exclusive Content in Your Inbox:  
Close


Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.



Email













						Submit
					





DON’T MISS THESE STORIES…
In Ha Mood: Ice Spice Announces Debut Album ‘Y2K!’ + The Accompanying Y2K! World Tour
Latto Reacts to Colby Colb Letting Her Know Birthday Bash Was Sold Out [Video]


Latto On Why She Wouldn’t Battle With Ice Spice: “I Don’t Think She Would Even Want To Do That” 
						was originally published on
						92q.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.