Blues rocker Gary Clark Jr. performs at Beak & Skiff in Lafayette, Tuesday, June 4, 2024.Patrick McCarthy
Gary Clark Jr. showcased his mind-bending, genre-blending style in a groovy 130-minute performance Tuesday night at Beak and Skiff in Lafayette, kicking off the orchard’s summer concert series.
After an opening set from supporting act Mal Devisa, Clark launched into his show with a rousing rendition of the galloping “Maktub,” the lead track of his newest album, JPEG RAW. "Maktub” is an Arabic word meaning “it is written,” and the song evokes that unique sound of Saharan rockers like Tinariwen and Mdou Moctar. It was a fitting lead-in to “When My Train Pulls In” – the massive hit Clark was fated to perform at some point in the show.
Clark finished the nearly 10-minute jam with a walloping wah-wah solo. Playing one of your best-loved tracks at the beginning of the show is a brave move, but after joking with his audience, Clark maintained the high bar that his first two scorching songs set.
“Lafayette, I didn’t know this was what y’all doing out here,” Clark said. “We might mess around and be neighbors.”
Next came a string of songs from the genre-defying new album, the title track “JPEG RAW.” Bringing a hip-hop-infused flow to a rocking rhythm, Clark tip-toed between singing and rapping – even emphasizing his verses with ad-libs like the “huhhhhhh” that Kendrick Lamar and Kodak Black repeat throughout Lamar’s “Silent Hill.” The rap and funk vibes continued with “This Is Who We Are” before Clark abruptly switched to a softer, R&B approach for “The Healing” and “Alone Together.”
Fans of Clark’s guitar abilities might make comparisons to Jimi Hendrix’s psychedelic blues or Eddie Hazel’s funkadelic lead lines, but these analogies don’t paint the whole story of a performer who can also sing like the R&B and soul legends of the 1970’s.
“I wanna be Marvin Gaye so bad,” Clark joked after the track, looking the part with a rainbow beanie similar to Gaye’s classic hats.
Next came the Stevie Wonder collaboration “What About the Children” followed by the beautiful ballad “Our Love,” which featured one of Clark’s best guitar solos of the night. Clark followed that up with the older hits like “Blak and Blu” and the beloved “Bright Lights,” which sent the crowd into a frenzy. The Austin, Texas axeman then closed out the set with a stellar performance of “Habits” from the new album.
“It’s amazing, if y’all weren’t here it’d just be band practice,” Clark said before leaving the stage.
The band returned for an encore, and Clark praised the crowd for “showing out on a weekday.” Bathed in psychedelic lights, the band played “You Saved Me,” which ended with another phenomenal guitar solo. Clark raised his index finger, asking the crowd if they wanted one more track.
“We’re blessed to have a record with George Clinton,” Clark said. “If you know, you know. If you don’t, Google it. All of y’all are here because of George Clinton.”
The band then played “Funk Witch U,” the Clinton collab that could have fit comfortably on any P-Funk project. The closer demonstrated the distinct beauty of Clark’s eclectic style – always transformative, never derivative.
A sonic shapeshifter, Clark can sound like contemporaries Childish Gambino and Steve Lacy, sing like Gaye, Wonder and Clinton, and rip like Hendrix and Hazel on the guitar.
As his sensational Beak and Skiff set showed, though, the inimitable Gary Clark Jr. is in a genre of his own.
Setlist:
Maktub
When My Train Pulls In
Hyperwave
JPEG RAW
This Is Who We Are
The Healing
Alone Together
Feed The Babies
What About the Children
Triumph
Our Love
Blak and Blu
Bright Lights
Habits
Encore:
You Saved Me
Funk Witch U
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices