Source: Variety / Getty
Following the release of “Euphoria” this week, Kendrick Lamar is coming for Drake once again.
The rapper is taking a page from Drake’s book by going “Back-to-Back” with his latest diss track, “6:16 in LA,” released early Friday morning.
RELATED: Kendrick Lamar Disses Drake & His Entire Existence With Surprise Release, “euphoria”
In this latest track, Lamar bombards Drake with a number of hits including having alleged traitors on his OVO squad.
“Have you ever thought that OVO was working for me?/ Fake bully, I hate bullies/ You must be a terrible person/ Everyone inside your team is whispering that you deserve it/ Can’t Toosie Slide up out of this one, it’s just gon’ resurface,” he said.
Check it out below:
With a second release within just days of his first, fan are eagerly anticipating a comeback from the Certified Lover Boy.
Drake brushed off Lamar’s initial move by posting a clip from the 1999 rom-com 10 Things I Hate About You on Instagram.
RELATED: Drake Responds To Kendrick Lamar’s “Euphoria” Diss With 1990s Romantic Comedy Clip, Social Media Reacts
Listen to Kendrick’s “6:16 in LA” diss track below.
Get Breaking News & Exclusive Content in Your Inbox:  
Close


Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription.



Email













						Submit
					





CATCH UP ON THESE STORIES…
Drake Drops Another Kendrick Lamar Diss Track “Taylor Made” With An Assist From AI Tupac & Snoop Dogg, Social Media Reacts
Snoop Dogg Hilariously Reacts To His AI Appearance on Drake’s Kendrick Lamar Diss Track, “Taylor Made Freestyle”


Kendrick Lamar Has More For Drake With New ‘6:16 In LA’ Diss Track 
						was originally published on
						92q.com



									Listen Live								

									Man Charged with Murder After Fatal Shooting at Gas Station								

									3 Dead in Double Murder-Suicide at Canal Winchester Apartment								

									Download Our New Power 107.5 Mobile App For Your Smartphone!								

									Win $250!								

									8th Annual SUMMER614								

									Buckeyes Visit the White House, JD Vance Fumbles Trophy [PHOTOS]								

									Win Tickets to See Wiz Khalifa & Sean Paul!								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.