Drop the playlist, Trav.
Gotham/GC Images
 Travis Kelce can't stop gushing about Taylor Swift — and his latest comments take note of her musical leanings, which, based on everything she draws on for her albums, has to be good. Just as a reminder, she works with Jack Antonoff, who also works with artists like Lorde, The Chicks, FKA Twigs, and Carly Rae Jepsen; she's tapped names like Lana del Rey and Kendrick Lamar for duets; and she's enlisted Paramore, Phoebe Bridgers, and HAIM to open for her on tour. Kelce noted that he's been having "fun" immersing himself in Swift's tastes in music, noting that she's "amazing" and "creative" in how she curates what she listens to.

 "It's definitely been fun to experience her taste in music, for sure," Kelce told Entertainment Tonight. "She's so amazing at what she does. And to find that creativity to see where she likes to pull things from and just, really, how she listens to music is very eye-opening for me. It's been fun to hear her take on it."

Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
 He went on to tell ET how impressed he was when he found out that Swift sold out London's Wembley Stadium eight times over — a feat that he couldn't do even once. When the Kansas City Chiefs took on the Detroit Lions in a 2015 NFL London showcase, the football game only sold 83,624 tickets. Swift, in comparison, has sold out the stadium with its 90,000-seat capacity. She's scheduled to play in London from July 21-23 and again on Aug. 15-19.

 "Man, I'll tell you what. The London shows, I think she's at Wembley eight times, which is mind-blowing that she can do that many shows in one stadium and fill that thing up," Kelce added. "I played at Wembley once and I don't even think we filled that thing up."

 Kelce has taken in the Eras Tour on multiple occasions, joining his girlfriend at shows in Argentina, Australia, and Singapore. And as for anyone wondering if he'll be hopping the pond to soak up even more shows? 

 "Oh, you know I gotta go support," he finished. "You know it."

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)