Photo: Getty Images
Ye is opening up about his thoughts about Drake, J. Cole and Lil Durk amid the ongoing civil war among Hip-Hop's biggest stars. Over the weekend, the artist formerly known as Kanye West joined in on the massive rap battle between Drizzy and Kendrick Lamar by releasing his "Like That" (Remix). A few days later, Ye joined his friend Justin Laboy for the first episode of his series "The Download" and explained why he created his version of Future and Metro Boomin's scathing hit. The "Carnival" rapper said it all started when Pluto himself contacted him. 
“[Future] called me and I went to the studio and laid that," Ye said. "We went through the creative process of adding the chords and called the Hooligans out in London to get on the joint. Everybody was very, very energized about the elimination of Drake.”Ye continues to berate the "Push Ups" rapper by claiming he's "immoral." He pushes a theory that Drizzy and CEO of Universal Music Group Lucian Grainge have control over algorithms and streaming services. He believes they "work together to fix the numbers" and even referred to Grainge as Drake's "Rich Baby Daddy." The Vultures artist also had some smoke for J. Cole and Lil Durk. At one point, Ye shared a story about working with Durk on the title track of his recent album. He recalled a line from Durk's verse ("Take my Yeezy shirt off and make it a doormat") that rubbed him the wrong way. Ye said he called Durk and expressed his disappointment in him. "I hit him up and said, 'You're breaking my heart. Who told you to do this?'" Ye explained. "I don't know if it was a legal thing that happened and I'm trying to sit with the man. I was like 'This is bad for the city. Who told you to do this?' 
Afterwards, Ye gets into J. Cole's apology to Kendrick Lamar after he dropped his diss track "7 Minute Drill." His immediate reaction was "F**k all that p*ssy s**t!" Ye also claimed he doesn't listen to Cole and said he can't run from his past collaborations with Drake now.Throughout the conversation, Ye touches on all the headlines about him including the ongoing battery investigation surrounding him, his wife Bianca Censori and the alleged "attackers" restauranteurs Mark and Jonnie Houston. He still maintains one of the Houston brothers "grabbed" Censori while she was on her way to the bathroom while they were at the Chateau Marmont hotel last week. However, the famed restaurant owners have denied his claims.See what The Breakfast Club has to say and watch the entire conversation below. WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE