Drake’s verse on Snowd4y’s “Wah Gwan Delilah,” a satirical remix to the Plain White T’s 2006 hit “Hey There Delilah,” sparked wide internet confusion and mockery after its release Monday night, with some users speculating whether the track is AI-generated while others were shocked Drake would release such a bizarre song so soon after his feud with Kendrick Lamar.
The track is Drake's second release since his feud with Kendrick Lamar. (Photo by Prince ... More Williams/Wireimage)
Snowd4y and Drake released “Wah Gwan Delilah” on SoundCloud Monday night, and the track quickly went viral after clips of Drake’s verse circulated on X, formerly known as Twitter.
Some speculated whether Drake’s verse was actually AI-generated, though the rapper seemed to endorse the track by posting a screenshot of the song on SoundCloud to his Instagram story.
The track quickly attracted mockery and memes on social media, with many users confused why Drake would release such a bizarre track as one of his first releases following his highly contentious feud with Kendrick Lamar, in which the two traded wild and personal accusations.
The title of the track is Jamaican Patois that roughly translates to “what’s going on,” and the remix’s lyrics contain many references to Toronto, the home city of both Drake and Snowd4y, who is a social media personality and comedian.
27 million. That’s how many views a clip of Drake’s verse on “Wah Gwan Delilah” has garnered since last night, after being posted by the hip-hop focused “NFR Podcast.”
The track was quickly mocked by social media users. “Nothing could’ve prepared me to what I was about to hear when I pressed play,” one user posted on X, receiving more than 65,000 likes. “What did Kendrick do to this man,” another user posted, receiving about 20,000 likes. Another user garnered 20,000 likes expressing shock that the track is not a joke, stating they’re “shedding real tears” that “Drake came out of the Kendrick Lamar beef with this.”
“Wah Gwan Delilah” is Drake’s second release since he dropped a series of diss tracks taking aim at Lamar between April and May, following his featured verse on Sexyy Red’s “U My Everything.” On that verse, which released May 24, Drake rapped over “BBL Drizzy”— a beat created by Metro Boomin on May 5 to troll Drake. “BBL Drizzy” is a reference to a nickname given to Drake by rapper Rick Ross in diss track “Champagne Moments,” in which he alleged Drake had gotten a variety of cosmetic procedures, including a Brazilian butt lift. Drake trolled his critics on the song, rapping: “Me and the surgeon got history,” and “BBL Drizzy, they want a new body, they ask me for it.” Drake and Lamar previously feuded in an increasingly dramatic beef that escalated between March and May, with the two dropping a series of diss tracks in which they made wild allegations against the other. Between April 30 and May 5, the rappers dropped a combined six diss tracks: Lamar’s “Euphoria,” “6:16 in LA,” “Meet the Grahams” and “Not Like Us,” (which topped the Billboard Hot 100), and Drake’s “Family Matters” and “The Heart Part 6.” Lamar alleged that Drake has a secret daughter and has pursued minors, labeling him a “predator” (both of which Drake denied), while Drake alleged Lamar abused his wife.
Drake has previously used AI in his music, using the artificially generated voices of Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg on his Lamar diss track, “Taylor Made Freestyle.” Shakur’s estate threatened to sue Drake, and the song was later pulled from Drake’s social media accounts.
Drake Raps Over ‘BBL Drizzy’: Trolls Critics—But Not Kendrick Lamar Directly (Forbes)
Drake-Kendrick Lamar Feud Timeline: Drake Raps Over Metro Boomin’s ‘BBL Drizzy’ Beat On Sexyy Red Song (Forbes)
Drake And Rick Ross Beef: What To Know About The Diss Tracks, Nose Job Allegations And ‘BBL Drizzy’ (Forbes)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.