Mustard has revealed it took him only 30 minutes to make the beat for Kendrick Lamar's Drake diss track "Not Like Us" while also adding that Dr. Dre and Lil Jon inspired the infectious production.
In a new interview with Billboard, Mustard highlighted several things about the beat for the song, like him not sampling Nas' "Ether" as well as the fact that he didn't hear the full version before anyone else.
In terms of his inspiration, Mustard wondered what a song would sound like if Dr. Dre and Lil Jon joined forces to craft it while also stating it took him a half hour to make the already-iconic beat.
"When I was making it, in the back of my head is 'What would Dr. Dre do if Lil Jon was in the studio and they was collaborating on the beat. That was my thought process,;" said Mustard. "It took me approximately 30 minutes to make that beat."
"Not Like Us" was released on May 4 and features additional production from Sounwave and Sean Momberger. It's the fifth and final Drake diss song K Dot released and debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
Meanwhile, Mustard is scheduled to perform during Kendrick Lamar's The Pop Out — Ken & Friends' concert, where many believe "Not Like Us" will be performed for the first time live. The concert, taking place on June 19 inside the Kia Forum in Inglewood, Calif., is presented by pgLang and Free Lunch.
For those who can't make it to the event, Prime Video and Twitch will be streaming it on their respective platforms starting at 4 p.m. PT/ 7 p.m. ET.
music | BY Mark Elibert
Ice Cube Thinks Kendrick Lamar Should Stay ‘Cocked and Loaded’ in Case Drake Drops Another Diss: ‘That’s the Essence of the Game'
sports | BY Joe Price
Odell Beckham Jr. Shows Love to Drake by Sharing Video Rapping Along to Kendrick Diss "Family Matters"
music | BY Brad Callas
Lil Wayne Reveals Why He Doesn't Perform Kendrick Lamar Collab "Mona Lisa"
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.