Video game streamer Dr. Disrespect, who has an audience of millions on YouTube, has lost numerous partnerships and has reportedly been suspended from monetizing his YouTube videos after he admitted to sending “inappropriate” messages to a minor on Twitch in 2017, which he said this week is what caused his permanent ban from the streaming platform in 2020.
Dr. Disrespect, whose real name is Guy Beahm, said he sent messages to a minor on Twitch in 2017 ... More that "sometimes leaned too much in the direction of being inappropriate." (Photo by Matt Thomas/San Diego Padres/Getty Images)
IGN reported Friday morning that YouTube suspended Dr. Disrespect, whose real name is Guy Beahm, from its Partner Program “following serious allegations against the creator,” meaning he will no longer be able to monetize his videos on the platform through ads or paid memberships.
The wave of backlash against Beahm began Monday when Midnight Society, a gaming studio Beahm co-founded, announced it learned of allegations against the streamer and decided to sever ties with him after “speaking with parties involved.”
The San Francisco 49ers also severed ties with Beahm, SFGATE reported, ending a partnership in which Beahm announced the team’s third-round draft pick in 2022 and had starred in promotional videos.
Turtle Beach, a gaming accessory company, told TechRadar it would no longer work with Beahm, and references to the streamer on the company’s website have reportedly been scrubbed.
Beahm will also be removed from the NBA 2K24 video game once the next patch releases, 2K told Dexerto—players could use a jump shot and dunk style named after the streamer in earlier versions.
Forbes has reached out to other companies Beahm has partnered with, including Mountain Dew and Gillette, as well as Twitch and YouTube, for comment.
Other streamers, including friends and collaborators of Beahm, have slammed him on social media. Kai Cenat, one of the most-followed creators on Twitch, was on a livestream while he read Beahm’s statement. He unfollowed Beahm and told him to “re-evaluate” his life. The creator PackGod, who has more than 4 million subscribers on YouTube, garnered millions of views for a “diss track” he released targeting Beahm on Wednesday, rapping over Kendrick Lamar’s “Not Like Us” beat that Beahm only publicly acknowledged his actions because he was “exposed.” YouTube gamer Jacksepticeye, who has more than 30 million subscribers, slammed Beahm on X, formerly known as Twitter, as “f***ing disgusting.” The streamer NickMercs, who has made videos with Beahm, said there’s “no excuse” for Beahm’s actions.
After years of speculation over why Beahm was banned from Twitch in 2020, Cody Conners—whose LinkedIn account states he worked at Twitch for more than eight years, including as account director for strategic partnerships—posted on X on Friday that Beahm was banned after he “got caught sexting a minor in the then existing Twitch whispers product,” claiming he was “trying to meet up with her at TwitchCon.” Beahm seemingly responded to Conners’ post the following day, stating he was limited in what he could say following a settlement with Twitch, but he maintained he “didn’t do anything wrong” or illegal and “all this has been probed and settled.” After Midnight Society severed ties with Beahm on Monday, the streamer responded in a lengthy, expletive-filled statement posted to X in which he admitted he had sent messages over Twitch in 2017 to a minor that “sometimes leaned too much in the direction of being inappropriate.” Beahm maintained the interactions were not illegal, no pictures were shared and that he had never met the individual. He said he “should have never entertained these conversations to begin with,” offering an apology to his “community” and Midnight Society, but he denied he is a “predator or pedophile” and slammed those who labeled him as the “worst of the worst with your exaggerations.”
Beahm, known for his gaming persona Dr. Disrespect, rose to prominence in the gaming world after he began streaming full-time in 2015. He is known for his “brash, bombastic alter ego,” The Washington Post reported, including his signature mullet and mustache, sunglasses and vest. He frequently streams games such as “Call of Duty” and “Fortnite.” He also became known for several controversies, including a 2019 incident in which he livestreamed while entering a public restroom, resulting in a temporary Twitch ban, and for allegations he mocked Chinese accents during his livestreams, which he denied.
113 million. That’s how many times Beahm’s Tuesday statement has been viewed on X.
Beahm was banned from Twitch in June 2020 for undisclosed reasons, sparking speculation over why Beahm—who had more than 4 million followers on the platform at the time, making him one of its most popular creators—was suddenly barred from livestreaming. Twitch refused to comment on the reason for his ban, telling The Verge the platform takes ”appropriate action when we have evidence that a streamer has acted in violation of our Community Guidelines or Terms of Service.” Beahm posted on X soon after the ban that he had not been informed of the reason. Just three months before the ban, Beahm had signed an exclusive multi-year deal with Twitch to stay on the platform. Discord, an online messaging platform often used by gamers, banned Beahm the same day as Twitch, but also did not specify a reason. He moved to YouTube for his streaming content in August 2020. In August 2021, Beahm said he had learned the reason for his suspension months prior and was “suing the f***” out of Twitch. In March 2022, Beahm posted on X he had resolved his legal dispute with Twitch and that neither party admitted to wrongdoing, though he clarified he would not be returning to the platform.
Beahm said he’s “not f***ing going anywhere,” stating he would return to streaming after taking a vacation with his family.
Dr Disrespect finally shares why he was banned from Twitch (The Verge)
Dr Disrespect is gone and Twitch won’t say why (The Verge)
Dr Disrespect is speaking again (The Washington Post)
One Community. Many Voices. Create a free account to share your thoughts. 
Our community is about connecting people through open and thoughtful conversations. We want our readers to share their views and exchange ideas and facts in a safe space.
In order to do so, please follow the posting rules in our site's Terms of Service.  We've summarized some of those key rules below. Simply put, keep it civil.
Your post will be rejected if we notice that it seems to contain:
User accounts will be blocked if we notice or believe that users are engaged in:
So, how can you be a power user?
Thanks for reading our community guidelines.  Please read the full list of posting rules found in our site's Terms of Service.