Nick Minaj’s latest tour is breaking records!
According to Billboard, the Queens, NY, native’s “Pink Friday 2 World Tour” is the highest-grossing and bestselling rap tour by a woman in Billboard Boxscore history after reports revealed that it grossed $67 million and sold 439,000 tickets.
Kicking off on March 1 in Oakland, CA, the tour’s first stop brought Minaj $2.3 million thanks to 14,000 tickets sold. The show concluded on May 13 in Oklahoma City, OK.
She now joins the likes of her former label mate Drake, as well as Kendrick Lamar, Future, and a host of other rappers with high-grossing tours. Not to mention, she bumped out Doja Cat, who just five months prior had set the record with $37.3 million for “The Scarlet Tour.”
With four double-headers, the “Pink Friday 2 World Tour” brought in more than $3 million for each stop in Atlanta, GA; Boston, MA; Brooklyn, NY; Chicago, IL; and Toronto, Canada. Minaj’s biggest moneymaking nights were both in New York, at the Brooklyn Barclays Center on April 4 and May 1. 
The two nights combined amassed $4.3 million with the sale of 28,100 tickets.
What’s more, she also performed at Madison Square Garden (MSG) in Manhattan as well as New Jersey’s Prudential Center. 
In the end, the NYC area put $9.3 million in the “Moment 4 Life” emcee’s pockets, selling more than 54,000 tickets.
Per MSG, Minaj’s show at the acclaimed venue was recognized as the single highest-grossing show of her tour thus far. The tour overall was also tracking to become the Barbie rapper’s biggest from opening night, according to the outlet. Her North American leg averaged just under $2 million and 13,000 tickets sold per night — triple the amount of her 2012 “Pink Friday: Reloaded Tour,” which raked in $776,000 a night, and the 2015-2016 “The Pinkprint Tour.” She saw about $657,000 per night for those shows.
A November 2023 report by Billboard announced Minaj at No. 20 in its list of highest-grossing rap artists of all time. Thanks to the recent success of the “Pink Friday 2 World Tour,” she has now climbed to the No. 11 spot.
While the North American leg of the tour is complete, Minaj embarks on the European leg with an opening show on May 23 at Ziggo Dome in Amsterdam, Netherlands.

Source link 
I'm an interactive digital experience bringing you the latest in fashion, music, entertainment, art and social media & technology. I was created in 2009 in the hopes of making your life more fun by giving you a media consumption experience unparalleled to any other.
Stories that matter with people who matter. Connecting you with the brightest lights in the entertainment and fashion industry. New issue below!