By
In a Billboard interview, Latto talked about her upcoming Sugar Honey Iced Tea album and its influences. The project will be released on August 2nd. No other information, including its tracklist or features, is available. The rapper told Billboard she’s entering a new era and revealed she “broadened her horizons” while creating the project. “I’m trying new BPMs. Being from the South, I noticed I stay in certain slow bop, Southern BPMs, so [I’m] trying different sounds and experimenting.”
The “Big Energy” rapper says the album’s title is an ode to her Southern roots. “When I met Pooh and Grizz and locked in with them, everything just felt Southern,” she began.”…People be trying to be messy and thinking it’s a response to something.” The rapper added, “I promise you, this is before any of that sh-t. This is something that just felt Southern to me. Where I’m from, we be like, ‘I’m the sugar honey iced tea!’”
A post shared by BIG LATTO (@latto)
Later, Latto was asked if Drake and Kendrick Lamar’s feud inspired her to do something similar with Ice Spice. However, she quickly shot down the idea. Latto says while they’ve traded bars back and forth, she doesn’t feel Ice Spice is up to the task. “If I was to do [a battle], it would have to be with somebody I feel like Imma go tit for tat with. I really don’t mean it as shade. Would she even want to do that?” Latto ponders.
She believes the two are in completely different lanes. “It’s two different types of vibes. I don’t even think she gives me like, ‘Oh, she wants to engage in an actual rap beef.’ Everybody gon’ take their lil jabs in the music, and it’s not even that serious to me.” Latto adds, “…As far as actual whole diss records to each other, I don’t think she would even want to do that. I feel like… would it even make sense? It wouldn’t.”
Are you a HOT 97 VIP?  Unlock exclusive, VIP Only access to the latest news, offers, contests, events, and more.  There is no cost to join for a limited time.
Δ
#1 for Hip Hop
Copyright 2024 Hot 97