by Regina Avalos, June 20, 2024
(Photo: Apple TV+)
Lady in the Lake is coming to Apple TV+ next month, and the streaming service has released a trailer teasing the series starring Natalie Portman and Moses Ingram. Alma Har’el created and directed the drama based on Laura Lippman’s novel.
Set in 1966, the drama’s story centers on the disappearance of a young girl and looks at how it impacts the lives of two very different women. Y’lan Noel, Brett Gelman, Byron Bowers, Noah Jupe, Josiah Cross, Mikey Madison, and Pruitt Taylor Vince also star in the seven episode series.
Apple TV+ revealed more about the series in a press release.
Today, Apple TV+ unveiled the trailer for “Lady in the Lake,” the upcoming, seven-part limited series starring Academy Award and Golden Globe Award winner Natalie Portman, who also serves as executive producer, and Emmy Award nominee Moses Ingram. The series is created and directed by Alma Har’el. “Lady in the Lake” will make its global debut on Apple TV+ with the first two episodes on Friday, July 19, 2024, followed by new episodes every Friday through August 23, 2024.
When the disappearance of a young girl grips the city of Baltimore on Thanksgiving 1966, the lives of two women converge on a fatal collision course. Maddie Schwartz (Portman) is a Jewish housewife seeking to shed a secret past and reinvent herself as an investigative journalist, and Cleo Johnson (Ingram) is a mother navigating the political underbelly of Black Baltimore while struggling to provide for her family. Their disparate lives seem parallel at first, but when Maddie becomes fixated on Cleo’s mystifying death, a chasm opens that puts everyone around them in danger. From visionary director Alma Har’el, “Lady in the Lake” emerges as a feverish noir thriller and an unexpected tale about the price women pay for their dreams.
Starring alongside Portman and Ingram in the series are Y’lan Noel, Brett Gelman, Byron Bowers, Noah Jupe, Josiah Cross, Mikey Madison and Pruitt Taylor Vince.
Hailing from FIFTH SEASON, “Lady in the Lake” is produced by Crazyrose and Bad Wolf America, and is created, executive produced, written and directed by Har’el alongside producing partner Christopher Leggett. In addition to starring, Portman serves as executive producer alongside producing partner Sophie Mas. Nathan Ross and the late Jean-Marc Vallée serve as executive producers for Crazyrose, and Julie Gardner executive produces for Bad Wolf America. Layne Eskridge, Amy Kaufman, Boaz Yakin and author Lippman also executive produce. The soundtrack is composed by Marcus Norris, the founder and artistic director of the South Side Symphony. The live performances are composed and produced by the critically acclaimed Bekon, a Grammy-nominated producer known for his work on Kendrick Lamar’s albums “DAMN.” and “Mr. Morale & the Big Steppers.
The trailer for Lady in the Lake is below.
What do you think? Do you plan to check out this new Apple TV+ series next month?
Check out our status sheets to track new TV series pickups, renewals, and cancellations. You can find lists of cancelled shows here.

More about: Apple TV+ TV shows: canceled or renewed?, Lady in the Lake, Lady in the Lake: canceled or renewed?
No infringement of previously copyrighted material is intended on this site. DMCA.
Copyright © TV Series Finale. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.