New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
It's nighttime in America, which means it is time for Shacknews Evening Reading.
Hey Shacknews, it's time for Evening Reading. Let's officially close out our day of posting. Please take a look.
Who's Faster? Sonic or Shadow? #SonicTheHedgehog #SonicXShadowGenerations #SEGA pic.twitter.com/mVuFTjkvbw
You have been visited by the white alpaca
pic.twitter.com/EA707xJEQn
Truly a blessed Internet video.
It's still real to Ozzie, damn it!
Pat McAfee broke Michael Cole lol.This was gold pic.twitter.com/Y2FnAAZCjk
McAfee and Cole are truly the new King and JR.
Jeffpardy
Jeffpardy is still hilarious pic.twitter.com/m0DTMTIS9J
What is Jeff? Correct!
Mike Tyson is still quite a specimen
ayo wtf??! pic.twitter.com/RvWE5hEOk9
What other sports or skill-based games can Mike Tyson dominate in?
A Monkey Ball Controller for Super Monkey Ball?
Here's an update to my DIY Super Monkey Ball controller. Two trailing wheels behind AiAi now move his legs back and forth inside the ball as it rotates.Music Credit: Thorn In My Side by Eurythmics#Sega #gaming #SuperMonkeyBall #Nintendohttps://t.co/acc7nNgsnn pic.twitter.com/fpdi2zjjD0
Who needs AI when you have AiAi?
Trying to help friends get over breakups is tough
I just laughed so hard I cried pic.twitter.com/N7DR8FxcqV
I hope that concoction made Ali feel better, but I doubt it.
Stone Cold Steve Austin and his cat Pancho
Everyone always says they want a Stone Cold Steve Austin Cat Dad Adventures episode. Here’s 9 mins of him with Pancho & Macho! pic.twitter.com/AgjCMnR5L7
I would watch a reality TV show just about these two hanging out on the ranch.
Song of the Summer "Not Like Us" sweeping across the nation
‘Not like us’ on guitar hero is fuccin crazy pic.twitter.com/AhIM2kLy4B
The song has been mapped to Guitar Hero.
The organist at Busch played the song during an MLB game.
USA Basketball celebrates exhibition win over Canada with “Not Like Us” playing on the Jumbotron! pic.twitter.com/avIQ9j8NFy
USA basketball celebrates beating Canada with the song playing over the arena's PA.
not like us by kendrick lamar but it’s goth pic.twitter.com/z2XI7tnCQ3
And lastly, a goth version for you emo kids.
There you have it, Shacknews. Your Evening Reading for July 11, 2024. Please consider subscribing to Shacknews Mercury to support our site for as little as $1/month.
What are you up to tonight? Let us know in the Shacknews Chatty comment thread below.
Asif Khan is the CEO, EIC, and majority shareholder of Shacknews. He began his career in video game journalism as a freelancer in 2001 for Tendobox.com. Asif is a CPA and was formerly an investment adviser representative. After much success in his own personal investments, he retired from his day job in financial services and is currently focused on new private investments. His favorite PC game of all time is Duke Nukem 3D, and he is an unapologetic fan of most things Nintendo. Asif first frequented the Shack when it was sCary's Shugashack to find all things Quake. When he is not immersed in investments or gaming he is a purveyor of fine electronic music. Asif also has an irrational love of Cleveland sports.

					Asif Khan posted a new article, Evening Reading - July 11, 2024 

					Friday Night Funkin https://fnfunkin.io is a unique and addictive music game, with exciting music and exciting gameplay mechanics. 

					That Tyson clip was really unexpected.