Murmurs of Bode and Nike linking up began in 2023, as insiders whispered of the vintage-indebted NYC fashion label designing its own retro-minded running shoes. Fast forward to 2024, first looks at the collaborative Bode x Nike sneakers have arrived.
Bode revealed its Nike collaboration during its Fall/Winter 2024 preview, debuted on January 12. Titled "Bode Recreation," Bode's new collection quietly revealed the brand's new Nike Astro Grabber shoe alongside a stylish wardrobe of retro-looking sports apparel and post-practice sweaters.
A Nike sneaker collab dropping as part of an athletics-focused collection? Perfect timing on Bode's part.
Bode's Nike Astro Grabber sneaker keeps things simple, appearing in classic black and white leather, looking like an updated iteration of the model's classic colorways from the 70s (a black and white Astro Grabber first dropped in 1974).
From the looks, Bode's Nike sneaker maintains the retro football shoe's distinct waffle sole while freshening things up with collaborative branding on the tongue.
Bode's FW24 collection didn't introduce any noticeable collaborative clothing, it seems. However, Bode and Nike are rumored to deliver some apparel and accessories together, too.
Emily Adams Bode-Aujlav's eponymous clothing line typically draws inspiration from scraps of discarded Americana, like grandma's quilt or table linens, to inform its stylish, nostalgic collections. Bode's wears have earned fandom from famous faces like Ryan Reynolds and Kendrick Lamar. 
I suspect Bode's Nike apparel will follow something along the lines of Bode FW24 with, well, Bode-y athletic wears. Bode x Nike will probably merge Nike silhouettes with Bode's signature retro feels and techniques like patchwork and crocheting. 
Since the shoes appeared in Bode's FW24 preview, it's safe to assume that we will see the Bode x Nike collaboration sometime towards the end of the year. If fans are lucky, maybe they'll get the collab sooner rather than later.
There's a current slim retro sneaker revolution (Onitsuka Tiger Mexico 66, adidas Samba, etc) going on, and Nike's revival of the Astro Grabber through Bode puts its football shoe right on schedule. 
Titel Media GmbH (Highsnobiety), is committed to facilitating and improving the accessibility and usability of its Website, www.highsnobiety.com. Titel Media GmbH strives to ensure that its Website services and content are accessible to persons with disabilities including users of screen reader technology. To accomplish this, Titel Media GmbH tests, remediates and maintains the Website in-line with the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG), which also bring the Website into conformance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990.
Please be aware that our efforts to maintain accessibility and usability are ongoing. While we strive to make the Website as accessible as possible some issues can be encountered by different assistive technology as the range of assistive technology is wide and varied.
If, at any time, you have specific questions or concerns about the accessibility of any particular webpage on this Website, please contact us at accessibility@highsnobiety.com, +49 (0)30 235 908 500. If you do encounter an accessibility issue, please be sure to specify the web page and nature of the issue in your email and/or phone call, and we will make all reasonable efforts to make that page or the information contained therein accessible for you.