INGLEWOOD, CALIFORNIA – FEBRUARY 13: Eminem performs during the Pepsi Super Bowl LVI Halftime Show at SoFi Stadium on February 13, 2022 in Inglewood, California. 
Eminem's alter ego Slim Shady has run its course. The rapper has announced his new album Death Of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce). This album will bring a final focus on his famed alter ego who was the namesake on his 1997 Slim Shady EP and then again two years later on his 1999 album The Slim Shady LP. The album contained hits such as "My Name Is," "Just Don't Give A F---," and more.
In a true-crime detective commercial ad, a narrator is heard saying: "Through his complex and oft-criticized tongue-twisting rhymes, the antihero known as (Slim Shady) has had no shortage of enemies," a narrator intones. "The same rude lyrics and controversial antics may have ultimately led to his demise. Join me as we recreate the events that led to the murder of Slim Shady."
There is also a cameo by 50 Cent and he is heard saying, "He’s not a friend, he’s a psychopath."
Death Of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) will be the rapper's 12th studio album and his first since 2020. Music to Be Murdered By was a surprise release in January 2020. It debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard 200 with its song "Godzilla" featuring the late Juice Wrld, earning a third place spot on the Billboard Hot 100.
A release date for the album is still to be determined but it should be arriving sometime this summer according to the rapper.
Dr. Dre, who is a frequent collaborator of Eminem, teased that he was working with Eminem on some new songs.
"Let me tell you something, let me explain something to you right now — Eminem is working on his own album, which is coming out this year. I've got songs on it, and it's fire," the veteran producer told Jimmy Kimmel Live last month.
In 2022, he performed at the Super Bowl LVI alongside Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Mary J. Blige, Kendrick Lamar, and 50 Cent. He also was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame last year. In addition, dropped an expanded edition of  The Eminem Show to commemorate the album's 20th anniversary.
Before the Death Of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce) announcement, he attempted to trick fans that an album of his was going to be released on April Fools Day (April 1).
"The highly anticipated next studio album goes back to where it all started .... 'Infinite,'" the voiceover actor says as the album's cover, which showcases Eminem's name and the word "Infinite," comes onscreen.
"But now it's even more ... 'Infinite," the actor says adding, "Out today!"
Take a look back at the moment here.

A post shared by

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!