The 6 God will look to make up for losing six figures on boxer Tyson Fury in May. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	With the NBA Finals getting ready to tip-off Thursday night (June 6) and the Stanley Cup Final right around the corner, Drake already has his bets locked in for each series. 

	Via his partnership with Stake, Drizzy posted a pair of $500,000 gambling slips. Drake really meant it when he said he was For All the Dogs, as the 6 God is riding with both underdogs in the respective series. 

	“Dallas cause I’m a Texan Oilers are self explanatory Picks are in @stake,” he captioned the post featuring the six-figure betting slips.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	With the Dallas Mavericks, he wagered $500,00 that they will defeat the Boston Celtics for Kyrie Irving’s second Larry O’Brien Trophy, which wins him $875,000 and a total pay out of a combined $1.375 million.

	On the ice, Drizzy is siding with Canada and hoping Connor McDavid and the Edmonton Oilers can bring home the Cup. They are a slight underdog, with Drake wagering $500,000 to win $525,000 for a combined payout of $1.025 million. 

	A fan was quick to remind Drake of how he cleaned up during the 2023 NBA Finals, where he cashed a few big bets thanks to the Denver Nuggets’ dismantling of the Miami Heat. 

	“Real ones remember you betting the Quarter M on nuggets to win 4-1 last year & winning that so Mavs it is,” they commented.

	Drake ended up walking away with more than $800,000 in winnings after Nikola Jokic and the Denver Nuggets won last year’s chip in five games. 

	More recently, the OVO boss hasn’t been as lucky with his gambling. In May, he wagered $565,000 on boxer Tyson Fury, who ended up losing to Ukraine’s Oleksandr Usyk.
Drake lost a $565,000 bet on Tyson Fury to beat Oleksandr Usyk tonight… pic.twitter.com/1TxbX04rb6

	However, it’s odd to see Drake backing the Mavericks after they were playing Kendrick Lamar’s “Meet the Grahams” diss track throughout one of the team’s practices earlier this week. 

	Game one of the NBA Finals tips off at 8:30 p.m. ET on Thursday night (June 6) on ABC. Find Drake’s latest bets below.
A post shared by champagnepapi (@champagnepapi)
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.