By 


      Brittney Melton
    

Good morning. You're reading the Up First newsletter. Subscribe here to get it delivered to your inbox, and listen to the Up First podcast for all the news you need to start your day.
A ceasefire deal between Israel and the Iran-backed militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon went into effect today. It aims to end the fighting across the Israeli-Lebanese border that has killed thousands of people since it was ignited by the war in Gaza last year. The U.S. and France helped to facilitate the deal, which President Biden announced yesterday. Over the next 60 days, the Lebanese army and state security forces will take control of their territory while Israel gradually withdraws.

                A first responder looks for survivors at the scene of an Israeli airstrike that targeted a building in a southern suburb of Beirut on Tuesday.
                
                    
                    -/AFP via Getty Images
                    
                
hide caption

Overnight, Pakistan's security forces dispersed protesters who marched to the nation's capital of Islamabad to demand the release of jailed former Prime Minister Imran Khan. Hundreds of protesters have been arrested since Sunday. On Tuesday, the protests got violent, and six people were killed, including four security personnel. 
President-elect Donald Trump is threatening to hit Canada and Mexico with a 25% tariff on goods unless the countries control the flow of illegal drugs and undocumented migrants across the border. He has also threatened a 10% tariff on products from China. Trump claims those nations have not done enough to stop undocumented migrants and fentanyl from crossing into the U.S. 

                The Transportation Security Administration has listed Thanksgiving foods that can be carried through a TSA checkpoint.
                
                    
                    Transportation Security Administration
                    
                
hide caption

If you are flying home for Thanksgiving, you can bring some of your favorite dishes with you through TSA checkpoints, while others need to go through a checked bag. When traveling by Amtrak, riders can bring their food and drinks onboard in their seats or private sleeping car. Here is what you need to know about traveling with food.
Check which other foods are allowed at TSA checkpoints and what should be kept in your checked bag.

                Pandiarajan's students in various stages of preparing and examining slides of specimens they have collected. They use the natural light in the courtyard outside the classroom and sometimes, find specimens here, too.
                
                    
                    Viraj Nayer for NPR
                    
                
hide caption

The Foldscope, a powerful science tool the size of a bookmark, provides a resource for schools that can't afford microscopes. The creators have handed out 2 million units, which come in a pouch. The main part of the tool is one long sheet of paper, and the device can magnify up to 140 times. Each unit costs around $2 to make. 

                Drake poses at the Billboard Music Awards in Las Vegas on May 1, 2019.
                
                    
                    Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP
                    
                
hide caption

This newsletter was edited by Suzanne Nuyen.
Sponsor Message
Become an NPR sponsor