New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
Every single nominee for each category of The Shacknews Awards 2024.
The Shacknews Awards 2024 is our opportunity to recognize the incredible people and teams behind some of the greatest video games and adjacent industries of the year. This Year of the Games celebration covers the triple-A space and indies, has special sections for remaster and remakes, as well as categories to honor expansions, add-ons, and everything in between. Please take a look at our nominees for The Shacknews Awards 2024.
Note: Shacknews will not be releasing a list of nominees for Game of the Year or Indie Game of the Year. We will publish a top-24 list for both categories alongside an article for winners as well as blurbs in our main coverage for some categories. Some games that missed our nominee cut off in 2023 made the following list. Similarly, some games that missed our 2024 cut off will make 2025's nominees.
Congratulations to all of the nominees for The Shacknews Awards 2024! The winners of categories will be revealed over the course of December 2024.
Shack Staff stories are a collective effort with multiple staff members contributing. Many of our lists often involve entires from several editors, and our weekly Shack Chat is something we all contribute to as a group. 

					Shack Staff posted a new article, The Shacknews Awards 2024 nominees 

					[deleted]				

					Was there a dearth of Strategy games this year? As someone who paid full price for it Homeworld 3 should not be on that list.				

					That's a lot of awards!				

					"Best water". Which Shack operator is secretly Dunkey? 				

					Best Water has existed for years!				

					mmhmm, what is your opinion of the PS4 game Knack?				

					No Echo Point Nova?? 				

					Oh woah, thanks Shacknews! My game (The Axis Unseen) is on there quite a few times!				

					Imagine 2042 winning best Shackbattle game.  lol				

					My hat is off to whoever spent all that time doing the graphics. lol				

					Thanks buddy <3