ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
Blackpink singer Rose's debut solo album Rosie opens at No. 3 on the American iTunes chart, beating ... More every other title, even Twice's Strategy EP, which lands at No. 4.   SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA - OCTOBER 16:  Rose of South Korean girl group BLACKPINK attends the photocall for Alexander McQueen 2018 F/W collection event on October 16, 2018 in Seoul, South Korea.  (Photo by Han Myung-Gu/WireImage)
Blackpink singer Rosé has spent the past several weeks preparing the world for her first solo album. Rosie dropped earlier today (December 6), and millions of people around the world are rushing to hear the set – and buy it, especially in America.
Rosie is the top debut on the American iTunes chart. Fridays are often flush with new releases from the biggest names in the music industry, as it marks the beginning of a new tracking frame for the Billboard tallies. This week isn’t nearly as packed as normal, and that means that the Blackpink star faced less competition in her rise on the list of the bestselling albums on the U.S. version of iTunes.
At present, Rosie sits at No. 3 on the ranking. In the coming hours, as more Americans wake and learn of the release, it could continue to climb, perhaps even bringing the K-pop superstar to the summit.
Only two titles are keeping Rosé from running the show, and neither of them are brand-new to the iTunes tally. The soundtrack that accompanies the movie Wicked is still leading the charge, keeping at No. 1. That album is credited to the entire cast, but it also specifically names both Cynthia Erivo and Ariana Grande. Kendrick Lamar’s GNX, which also currently sits on top of the Billboard 200, is comfortable at No. 2.
At the time of writing, only three of the 12 songs featured on Rosie appear on the iTunes songs chart in the U.S. The set’s lead single “Apt.,” a duet with Bruno Mars, is still the top performer, as has been the case throughout this era. That smash is a non-mover in the runner-up rung, behind only “Sunday in the South” by Shenandoah, Luke Bryan, and Jason Aldean, which is happy again at No. 1.
“Number One Girl,” which served as the second single from Rosie, is on the rise. The track, which has thus far underperformed in the American market – especially when compared to the historic run enjoyed by “Apt.” – is up to No. 65 on Friday. “Toxic Till the End,” which has been chosen as the third official cut, debuts at No. 81.
Just one other new launch hits the top 10 at the outset of this tracking period – and coincidentally, it comes from another one of the biggest names in K-pop. Twice’s latest offering Strategy opens at No. 4, right behind Rosie. Just like Rosé’s album, Twice’s EP could surge throughout the day, or even the rest of the week, to new highs.