By 

	Althea Legaspi


Drake responded quickly to Kendrick Lamar’s diss track “Not Like Us,” dropping “The Heart Part 6” on Sunday, a day after Lamar’s latest diss, which accuses Drake of being a “certified pedophile.” He also shut down that he had a secret daughter, which Lamar alludes to in Friday’s barb “Meet the Grahams.” That track was a quick-hit response to Drake’s “Family Matters,” also from Friday, which alleges infidelity in Lamar’s relationship.

	“Pulitzer Prize winner is definitely spiraling,” Drake raps to kicks things off, before he addresses Lamar’s allegations he has a daughter no one knows about, claiming that he and others planted that fake intel as a ruse. “The ones you getting you’re stories from, they all clowns/I am a war general, seasoned in preparation,” he raps.

	“You waited for this moment overcome with the desperation/We plotted for a week and then fed you the information/A daughter that’s 11 years old, I bet he takes it,” Drake continues. “We thought about giving a fake name or a destination/But you so thirsty you’re not concerned with investigation.”

	










	Later, Drake alludes again to infidelity in Lamar’s relationship with fiancée Whitney Alford. “Why isn’t Whitney denying all of the allegations,” he raps, then claims, “You haven’t seen the kids in six months, the distance is wild.”

	As for Lamar’s claims that Drake is a pedophile, he at first looks to reason about why Lamar might be “obsessed with” that, initially appearing like he might be extending an olive branch over Lamar’s deeply personal “Mother I Sober,” where he discusses how sexual assault trauma affects generations. “This about to get so depressing/This is trauma from your own confessions,” he raps, and adds, “I don’t want to diss you anymore, this really got me second guessing.”

	But as one might expect with a beef that has gotten so dark it’s difficult to see either side making peace, Drake gets back to the mutual dissing at hand after denying he’s ever been with anyone underage. “I’m way too famous for the shit you just suggested, but that’s not the lesson, clearly there’s a deeper message/Deep cuts that never healed but got infected,” he raps, adding: “But you a piece of shit so this shit’s really no coincidence/Drake is not a name that you gonna see on no sex offenders list.”

	











	
		Editor’s picks
	
	











	
	
		
					The 100 Best TV Episodes of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 250 Greatest Albums of the 21st Century So Far		
	














	
	
		
					The 500 Greatest Albums of All Time		
	














	
	
		
					The 200 Greatest Singers of All Time		
	








	And if it wasn’t any clearer that things have hit an impasse, Drake states it pretty plainly: “I’m a fucking hitmaker, dog, not a peacemaker/Yeah bullets that I’m stuffing in each chamber/You’re ass in extreme danger.”

	Drake comes back to Lamar’s relationship toward the end of the more than five-minute track. “I don’t want to fight with a woman beater, it feeds your nature/If you’re still bumping R. Kelly you can thank the savior,” he raps. “Whitney, you can hit me when you need a favor/And when I say I hit you back, it’s a lot safer. I promise.”





	
		Trending Stories
	
	






	
	
		
					Elon Musk: It Is ‘Outrageous’ to ‘Claim That I’m a Nazi’		
	









	
	
		
					Trump Suggests Republicans Start Expelling Dems From Congress		
	









	
	
		
					Spooked by Trade Wars, Trump Officials Hoard Supplies: ‘It Would Be Stupid Not To!’		
	









	
	
		
					'SNL' Weekend Update Roasts Trump's Pope Dream, Stock Market Pleas		
	








	Earlier last week, Lamar dropped both the scathing “Euphoria” and “6:16 in LA.”  Drake responded Friday with “Family Matters,” and Kendrick responded in kind the same night with “Meet the Grahams.”

	The escalating beef between Lamar and Drake began with Lamar’s Drake- and J. Cole-dragging verse in Future and Metro Boomin’s “Like That,” which arrived in March. J. Cole initially responded with “7 Minute Drill,” a track he later said he regretted while speaking from the stage at his Dreamville festival. Drake then responded to Lamar with “Push Ups (Drop and Give Me 50)” and also “Taylor Made Freestyle,” which was ultimately removed from the web following its controversial and potentially litigious-inducing use of AI Tupac Shakur and Snoop Dogg vocals.
We want to hear it. Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Rolling Stone is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Rolling Stone, LLC. All rights reserved.