That instantly iconic group photo moment from Kendrick Lamar’s “Pop Out” concert last month is now being commemorated on billboards across Los Angeles, California.
One of the “Us” billboards prominently appeared outside of the Kia Forum in Inglewood where K.Dot, 37, joined by a number of West Coast artists on stage posed for an impromptu group photo, shortly after his Drake diss track “Not Like Us” was performed six times on June 19.
Another version of the signage with the subtitle “Thank you KDot” appeared on Rosecrans Ave & Avalon Boulevard in Compton.
Although “Not Like Us” arrived in early May, the chart-topping song’s prevalence in pop culture continues beyond Dot’s feud with Drizzy thanks to memes and Taraji P. Henson, 53, performing a parody of the song at the 2024 BET Awards.
A music video for the latest West Coast anthem was shot late last month in Compton. Lamar, via his production company, reportedly hired additional security from the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department for the video shoot.
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Video Shows Rick Ross Getting Attacked After Kendrick’s Drake Diss "Not Like Us" Played in Canada
music | BY Jayson Buford
Kamala Harris Saying “Not Like Us” is Cringe as Hell
music | BY tara mahadevan
Drake Uses '69 God' as Scoreboard Nickname When Bowling With Friends
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.