Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.

              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              





On the heels of her third album release, Megan Thee Stallion will be opening the 2024 BET Awards with hotties galore. Here’s everything we know about Meg’s set, Normani’s cancellation, and what else to expect June 30.
Megan Thee Stallion has just been announced to kick off the 2024 BET Awards. It should be an interesting show, as Meg’s third album (first as an independent) drops two days before. But how will her enthusiasm for this show compare to her devotion to the Anime Awards?
Summertime, when we sit back and watch Will Smith launch his hip-hop comeback. The actor, rapper, and repentant slapper will perform a new song at this year’s BET Awards on Sunday, June 30, at 8 p.m. ET, Variety reports. While not much is known about the performance itself, sources say the Fresh Prince is preparing a new album. “From his start as a rapper to The Fresh Prince to being a box office king as one of the Bad Boys, Will Smith is truly a global icon, and we are honored to welcome him back to grace the BET Awards stage,” said Connie Orlando, executive vice-president of specials, music programming, and music strategy at BET. “We look forward to Will adding to yet another defining night for the culture that is not to be missed.” His upcoming slot at the BET Awards follows the release of the Bad Boys soundtrack song “Light Em Up” this month and a guest appearance in April at Coachella, where he made a cameo on J Balvin’s stage in his Men in Black costume.
It’s not just Smith getting jiggy on the BET Awards stage. Other performers include Victoria Monét, Sexyy Red, Ice Spice, Latto, Lauryn Hill & YG Marley, Shaboozey, Muni Long, Tyla, GloRilla, and Tanner Adell. Veteran host Taraji P. Henson returns to MC the ceremony with appearances by Cardi B, Gunna, Davido, and more. Usher will receive a Lifetime Acheivement award. While Drake lost the feud with Kendrick Lamar, he did win the race for the most nominations with seven nods.
Unfortunately, Normani had to drop out of the BET Awards due to an injury she sustained during rehearsals. “I am normally good for powering through under any circumstance but unfortunately due to my doctor’s orders, I am just not able to make this performance happen,” she wrote on IG stories. “I am devastated and hate feeling like a disappointment to you but I have to focus on recovering at this time.”
Normani announces her #BETAwards performance tonight has been cancelled due to an injury she got during rehearsals. pic.twitter.com/HwBMyJIELZ
The 2024 BET Awards air at 8 p.m. EST. They’ll air on cable, on BET.com, and through live TV services like Sling TV, YouTube TV or Hulu + Live TV.
Things you buy through our links may earn Vox Media a commission.
Have an Account?