A post shared by Lil Wayne (@liltunechi)
New Orleans native Lil Wayne revealed “it broke me” that he wasn’t selected to be the headliner of this year Super Bowl halftime show in his hometown.
“That hurt. It hurt a lot,” he said on Instagram. “I thought there was nothing better that spot, on that stage, on that platform.
“It broke me, but I’m just trying to put myself back together.” 
Kendrick Lamar was announced as the headliner of the show, which is scheduled to take place at New Orleans’ Caesars Stadium on Feb. 9.
“First of all, I wanna say forgive me for the delay,” Wayne said. “I had to get strength enough to do this without breaking. I’ma say thank you to every voice, every opinion, all the care, all the love and support out there. Your words turned to arms and held me up when I tried to fall back.
“(Not being picked) hurt — it hurt a lot. I blame myself for not being mentally prepared for a letdown. For just automatically mentally putting myself in that position like someone told me that was my position.”
Mark Heim is a reporter for The Alabama Media Group. Follow him on Twitter @Mark_Heim. He can be heard on “The Opening Kickoff” on WNSP-FM 105.5 FM in Mobile or on the free Sound of Mobile App from 6 to 9 a.m. daily.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices