Former President and GOP nominee Donald Trump and VP candidate, Senator JD Vance rallied on Saturday night in the battleground state of Georgia. Trump entered the lion's den of Atlanta, the same chocolate city where Vice President and selected Democrat nominee Kamala Harris held her concert/rally four days prior. While both Democrats and Republicans boasted of record crowds for each rally, the distinction is that Trump did not have to use the lure of celebrities and rappers to draw in his crowd; he used his own star power, coupled with local talent and grassroots politicians and activists. 
The founder of Conserve the Culture, Michaelah Montgomery, helped open the rally, and lit it up, distinguishing herself from her initial entrance to the political stage--after she hugged Trump during an Atlanta Chick-fil-A visit in April. Montgomery bounded to the rally podium, bursting with energy, and smoothly rattled off her grassroots pedigree and work in the local community. Montgomery playfully commanded that they, "put some respect on my name!" She received rousing applause for this throwing down of the gauntlet against the legacy media, which had merely dubbed her a Trump plant.
Montgomery quickly launched into the meat of her speech.
Now, why don't we jump right into it. As a young single mother, I can tell ya'll that rent is too damn high. I can tell you that as a young Black voter, groceries are too damned high! And as an American citizen, period, seniors like my parents should never have to choose between medicine or food, it should never be the quality of life versus the quantity of life. 
On the real, Montgomery masterfully hit how inflation affects young, old, and everyone in between.
And I don't want to hear, "Oh, but we capped the price of insulin and lowered the price of all these medicines." Yeah, but you raised the price of everything else, so it's about time to start telling the truth to Americans and let them know exactly what they're signing up for if they want to vote for Kamala Harris.
Way to speak truth to power. While Harris is using twerking performers and "Yas Queen" vibes to rally people, Americans want to hear about actual policy, and how electing her will make their lives any better. Montgomery spoke to this.
We need to vote based on facts and not feelings. See, under Harris and Biden, the average Georgia household is losing $1,060 per month and inflation is at 21.4 percent. And due to the war on energy, average gas prices have reached record highs for the state. We also did a poll, and 80 percent of us Black Americans are not happy with the current state of the economy, so I'm gonna need 80 percent of ya'll to vote accordingly in November.
Here's the kicker of her speech, better heard and seen, than just read.
WATCH:
Conserve the Culture founder Michaelah Montgomery BLASTS Kamala Harris, boosts President Trump at rally in Atlanta, GA pic.twitter.com/XhYsdTqLGQ
Truth to power, and not from Trump's mouth—it's from a Black woman embedded in the Black community. "The first step in destroying the Black community is dismantling the Black family." What does record inflation, unemployment, and financial woes do to any marriage or family, whether they are white, Black, or green?
Montgomery also exposed where Harris' loyalties lie. No matter how much they try to play on the Kendrick Lamar tune, Kamala Harris is "Not Like Us." As Montgomery warned, "she chose her side and it wasn't ours." Harris' record of ignoring the Black community until convenient, targeting and jailing the men and their mothers, and then putting on debauched entertainment as a sop and excuse to ignore policy discussions has become legendary, especially the longer she refuses to do any form of a press conference and plays ChickenMala with a presidential debate.
#Chickenmala new campaign poster? 🐓 pic.twitter.com/W9vHac5dSZ
Montgomery not only ably skewered Harris' lack of ability to articulate policy, but she laid out Trump's record of policies that he already delivered for the Black community. 
A few weeks ago at the debate, Trump mentioned, "Black jobs." And a lot of people got in an uproar as if they didn't know what he meant. Well, we go to the polls and cast our "Black vote," we go the stores and spend our "Black dollar," we live in our "Black community," but for whatever reason we draw the line at a Black job. 
Oh, but wait, because if you're wondering what a Black job is, please, I encourage you all to drive through Atlanta to all these beautiful, Black-owned businesses, and check and see who works there. Probably a Black person, working for a Black entrepreneur, recycling the Black dollar, creating Black generational wealth. And they come here illegally, and they're taking your jobs and your resources, and please believe our cousins in the Appalachians, they're coming for you too!
While Montgomery made a powerful case on why a second Trump presidency will help strengthen and elevate the Black community while a Kamala Harris presidency would continue to destroy us, she smoothly moved the focus from Black Americans to all Americans. 
But let's take race out of it. Just as a woman, period, how can you be a champion for women's rights when you're taking away opportunities from biological women and giving them to transgendered ones?
How can you promote equity for women when you're allowing men to play in women's sports?! And what kind of feminist would still allow men to enter their sacred spaces, IER, bathrooms and school locker rooms? Do I really need to mention the opening ceremony at the Olympics? Or the fact that Angela Carini was forced to fight a man and told us that she's never been punched so hard in her life? We cannot allow dangerous liberals who think things like this are okay into the White House. Because my daughter will not be fighting a man in her wrestling match!
Montgomery also talked about national security and asked who would you rather have in the White House in the event of war: "My silk press sister Kamala or the Big Dog, Donald Trump?"
Montgomery concluded with a distinction between the individual freedoms Trump promoted and the restrictions on freedoms brought by the Biden-Harris administration. Montgomery also challenged voters to distinguish between "Trump hurts my feelings" and Biden-Harris is hurting the country. 
At the conclusion of the rally, as Trump wrapped up his speech, he gave another shout-out to Michaelah Montgomery. showing how powerful her representation is and how impressive her presentation was. Uncharacteristic of Trump, he gave her some final words.
WATCH: 
We need Trump and this lady need to start a reality TV show; they're hilarious together 😂😂😂Trump gave her a shoutout for "lighting up the whole room" earlier at the rallyI think we just discovered a new conservative superstarTrump also promised to help her in any way he… pic.twitter.com/91SDYH3iPJ
Michaelah Montgomery's full speech is below:
Jennifer Oliver O'Connell (As the Girl Turns) is a contributor at Redstate and other publications. Jennifer writes on Politics, Pop Culture, and the American story, with occasional detours into Reinvention, Yoga, and Food. You can read more about Jennifer's world at her As the Girl Turns website. You can also follow her on X and Facebook.
Story leads: [email protected].

                            Copyright Redstate.com/Salem Media. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you.