Eminem's Slim Shady persona sparked constant controversy but also helped break rap's racial barriers
Twenty-five years after bursting on to the scene, it appears rapper Eminem's provocative alter ego Slim Shady has finally been silenced.
The antagonistic Slim Shady, with his peroxide-blond hair and everyman blue jeans, stemmed from Eminem's self-described "white trash" upbringing.
In a surprise April announcement teased as a mock murder news report, external, Eminem revealed his latest album would be called The Death of Slim Shady (Coup de Grâce).
The title suggested a fittingly violent end to Slim Shady, with the rapper himself concluding: "I knew it was only a matter of time."
On Friday, the album was finally released, complete with artwork showing Shady in a body bag, and was met by mixed reviews from critics.
It follows the music video for single Tobey, in which Eminem takes a chainsaw to his Jekyll and Hyde-like counterpart. 
So, if the rapper's alter ego really has risen to his feet for the last time - how should we understand his legacy?
Eminem rehearsing his infamous performance of The Real Slim Shady at 2000's MTV Awards
Born Marshall Mathers III, Eminem was raised in Michigan's low-income, majority-black Detroit neighbourhoods. 
Rap became an escape when he was a teenager, from a childhood of strained parental relationships and bullying.
He tried to break into the music scene, and felt “crushed”, external when Vanilla Ice became the face of white solo rap in 1990, his pop-party track Ice Ice Baby selling millions. 
“Ice’s name became synonymous with selling out and manufactured success,” surmised The Ringer’s Justin Sayles, external.
But Mathers was different, "a true product of ghetto streets," wrote Nick Hasted in his Eminem biography. 
This left him uniquely placed to manage what Jeff Weiss called the “cultural debt”, external faced by white rap artists.
It helped that his flow, honed through years of rap battles, was spectacular.
Prof Anthony Kwame Harrison, a sociologist specialising in hip-hop, praised Eminem's skills, saying "his outstanding rhyming and songcraft made him the last white rap pioneer". 
Despite this, his 1996 album, Infinite, failed to attract major labels.
His early mentors, the Bass Brothers, suggested the idea of "shock-rap", which led to the birth of Slim Shady.
"The market didn't take to it until he got a little foul-mouthed," added Mark Bass.
Eminem's production partnership with Dr Dre (R) helped take rap to the commercial mainstream
The resulting Slim Shady EP found its way to mogul Jimmy Iovine and NWA rap royalty Dr Dre, who immediately signed Eminem to Interscope.
Dre discovered in Slim Shady an anti-hero. Eminem’s crossover appeal from Dre’s co-sign was cemented with features alongside respected black rappers.
Their production partnership may have bridged some of rap's racial divides but, in unleashing 1999's Slim Shady LP on an unsuspecting public, also spawned contradictions in Slim Shady and Eminem’s legacy that persist to this day.
Eminem's arrival as Slim Shady on the lead single, My Name Is, was timed perfectly for chaotic impact. While America reportedly enjoyed its "happiest decade" during the 90s,, external Shady revealed a disillusioned white underbelly. 
The Slim Shady LP sold 500,000 copies in two weeks and earned two of Eminem's 15 Grammys. It was the last time an Eminem record didn’t debut at number one.
The chart-topping Marshall Mathers LP released just a year later took aim at outraged parents, politicians, and societal hypocrisy. Shady revelled in outraging prim white suburbia, crudely proclaiming unspoken truths. “There’s a million of us just like me... who cuss like me,” he spat.
A 2000 MTV performance of the track saw Shady lead an army of lookalikes into the auditorium, goading critics. 
Rolling Stone declared he had gone from "white trash to white hot”.
But despite his success, controversy over his lyrics' violent misogyny and homophobia darken his legacy.
Depictions of murder, rape, and slurs continued in The Marshall Mathers LP and beyond, defended by the rapper as movie-style fantasy.
Spin's 1999 review called Eminem a "timebomb of anger" within white male culture.
Vox culture reporter Constance Grady adds that Eminem's breakthrough era viewed "hypocrisy as the last big social ill left," which justified "ironic" misogyny and homophobia as acceptable. 
Eminem told Rolling Stone in 2000, "the kids listening to my music get the joke". 
Protesters hold up signs during The Rally Against Hate to push back against Eminem's lyrics ahead of the 2001 Grammys
Despite the protests, Eminem performed at the ceremony with Sir Elton John, who later helped him with addiction struggles
Mathers himself is a dichotomy, with Shady’s antics counter-balanced by his thought-provoking raps as Eminem.
The track best demonstrating Eminem's self-awareness is Stan. 
Its groundbreaking narrative storytelling follows an obsessed Shady fan who kills himself and his girlfriend when Eminem does not reply to his letters. The track ends with Eminem's apologetic response for the delay.
Dr Phoenix Andrews, a writer on fandoms, says the track was prescient in understanding today's intense internet followings and portraying the pressure and responsibility within artist/fan relationships.
"Men talking about mental health was much rarer then and is still stigmatised," Dr Andrews says. "Eminem reaching out to Stan and not mocking him was exceptional at the time."
Allow YouTube content?
This article contains content provided by Google YouTube. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read Google’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.
The conflicts of Eminem's personas have had other unintended consequences.
The portrayal of the angry white male through Slim Shady has arguably been co-opted by US alt-right and white nationalist movements.
"Eminem is often mentioned in far-right online spaces," adds Sam de Boise, a musicology lecturer specialising in radicalisation at Sweden's Örebro University. 
"They also identify with his underdog status - a lot of these young men see themselves as lacking social power," he says.
Today, Mathers, now the best-selling rapper of all-time, walks a tightrope - fighting to control Slim Shady’s unpredictable legacy while reconciling his own identity.
At the 2017 BET Awards, he openly distanced himself from Trump supporters with an eviscerating rap.
The repoliticisation contrasted with a decade of his pop-rap hits like Not Afraid and collaborations with Rihanna, including Love the Way You Lie and The Monster, often using his recovery from drug addiction as narrative inspiration – helping to soften his image for a new generation.
As time progressed, the rapper's attempts to return to his old style have not always been well received by Gen Z audiences, some calling for him to be cancelled, external. 
But unlike the early 2000s, Eminem responded to online criticism, apologising for a homophobic slur against Tyler, the Creator. 
These incidents highlight evolving public opinion, especially in today's online cancel culture, that can act as a generational fault line. 
Pew Research Center, external found an age-related divide in awareness of the term as well as an accompanying political divide in perception, that can transcend age groups. 
Conservative audiences generally see it as censoring artistic freedom, while more liberal individuals are more likely to view it as essential for accountability.
Eminem took the knee against racism when performing in the hip-hop all-star line-up at 2022's Super Bowl 
Despite controversies, Eminem's last two albums have surpassed three billion streams on Spotify, with 10 tracks exceeding a billion streams, equalling Drake and Coldplay.
For freelance culture journalist Kesewaa Browne, Mathers still holds a place in hip-hop, but not as prominently as before. 
While his unique lyricism is still widely appreciated, he isn't often mentioned in contemporary rap discussions dominated by Grime, Drake, and socially conscious rappers like Kendrick Lamar.
So, is killing off Slim Shady an effort to secure his legacy? “I think it might be,” says Browne.
“He hasn’t hidden his contempt for the current state of the genre. Perhaps he wants to show he’s still got it. 
"Some fans have grown up with Slim Shady. But if it sounds like his early noughties, could that be alienating to some?”
Allow X content?
This article contains content provided by X. We ask for your permission before anything is loaded, as they may be using cookies and other technologies. You may want to read X’s cookie policy, external and privacy policy, external before accepting. To view this content choose ‘accept and continue’.
It's a risk Eminem teased, suggesting the new album's lead single Houdini would make his career “disappear”. 
The playful nostalgic video, released in June, showed present-day Eminem trying to stop his 2002 incarnation of Shady, who has time travelled to the present, from grabbing the mic. 
A battle eventually sees a hybrid version form - potentially ready to unleash a new wave of controversy.
The Independent's review found, external Friday's resulting album to be a "ham-fisted mashing of people’s buttons... anything to get a reaction".
Awarding two stars, its critic Stevie Chick lamented Eminem as "punching downwards, joylessly and without inspiration".
Speaking about his childhood to Radio 1 in 1999, Eminem told Jo Whiley: "I used to make up my own heroes and my own villains, but my heroes would always die." 
Which is Shady? It depends who you ask, and when.
Kemi Badenoch, Wes Streeting and Reform’s Zia Yusuf to be grilled by Laura Kuenssberg after local elections
Eight arrested in two separate anti-terror operations
Australia's opposition left reeling after crushing election defeat
How Katy Perry became the Hot and Cold popstar
Harry bombshell 'backfires' and Reform 're-education'
Young men were getting a haircut ahead of a festival - then they were shot dead
This week proves Nigel Farage's PM ambition is not a wild notion
Local elections 2025 in maps and charts
Teen mental health: When to seek help and what parents can do
Watch: Prince Harry's exclusive interview in full
'I saved my ID card and my dog': Israel expands demolitions of West Bank refugee homes
Politics Essential: Get the latest news and analysis delivered to your inbox every weekday
Crime drama starring Sean Bean
A new globe-spanning adventure
New darkly comic Birmingham drama
Andrew Garfield uncovers his history
Copyright © 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.