The actor says he received hundreds of texts following the release of "Euphoria" while he was shooting another movie in Ireland. 

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


	Actor Haley Joel Osment reacted to being referenced on Kendrick Lamar’s “Euphoria,” and he believes K. Dot purposefully mixed him up with pastor Joel Osteen on the Drake diss.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Kendrick Lamar		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The Associated Press caught up with Osment at the Blink Twice premiere in Los Angeles on Aug. 8 to get his thoughts on Lamar’s apparent reference while naming films like A.I. and The Sixth Sense that HJO starred in around the turn of the century. 




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	“Am I battlin’ ghost or AI/ N—a feelin’ like Joel Osteen/ Funny, he was in a film called A.I. And my sixth sense tellin’ me to off him,” Kendrick raps on the track. 

	










	Osment recalled being in Ireland shooting for an upcoming movie when he received hundreds of texts blowing up his phone about Lamar’s “Euphoria,” which peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100.

	“I was shooting in Ireland when all that happened and I got like a hundred texts in the middle of the night. I was like, what is going on,” he said. 

	While K. Dot actually names Texas pastor Joel Osteen instead of him, Osment believes he did it with intention because of Lamar’s attention to detail, which led him to think there’s a deeper meaning to the mix-up. 

	“I think he’s too precise,” Osment added. “I don’t know for sure and I’m not gonna assume that he knows my exact name, but the way I’ve heard people talk about that and certain analysis that I’ve read about it, I think that it’s an intentional scrambling of my name and that other guy’s name. Because Kendrick’s too precise to just make a mistake like that.”

	Kendrick Lamar also later pulled Osment’s “I see dead people” line from The Sixth Sense to open the Cali bounce of his “Not Like Us” anthem, which topped the Hot 100 for two weeks.

	Watch the clip below.
Haley Joel Osment doesn't think Kendrick Lamar made a mistake in the Drake diss song "Euphoria," which conflated his name with the pastor Joel Osteen. The star of "The Sixth Sense" and "A.I." appears next in "Blink Twice." pic.twitter.com/icVaZjEDYE
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.