Just a few weeks after they dropped their collaborative album "We Don't Trust You," Metro Boomin and Future are back with their follow-up, "We Still Don't Trust You," out April 12. And just like its predecessor, we're expecting "Still Don't Trust You" to debut at number-one on the Billboard 200 based on the combined predictions of Gold Derby users who placed their bets here in our predictions center.
"We Don't Trust You" achieved 251,000 equivalent album units based on its combined record sales, individual track sales and online streams. At the time that was the biggest week for any album of 2024, until Beyonce's "Cowboy Carter" greatly surpassed it the very next week. It also launched multiple songs into the top 10 on the Billboard Hot 100, including "Like That" with Kendrick Lamar, which has spent two weeks on top as of this writing.
Perhaps because it comes so soon after their previous collab, we're not anticipating quite as big a debut week for "We Still Don't Trust You": most of our users bet it will achieve between 200,000 and 249,999 units. It has more tracks, though (25 compared to 17), which could bolster its streaming numbers. Either way, if we're right and it does top the chart next week it would be the 10th chart-topper for Future and the fifth for Metro Boomin.
Expect their reign to be short-lived, however. Because one week later on April 19 comes the debut of Taylor Swift's "The Tortured Poets Department," which is all but guaranteed a number-one bow on the chart. But just how big will it be? You can make your predictions for that chart now until Thursday night, April 18, right before the album is released.
Be sure to make your predictions so that artists can see how they’re faring in our racetrack odds. You can keep changing your predictions until just before the next tracking week begins every Friday. You’ll compete to win a spot on our leaderboard and eternal bragging rights. See our contest rules and sound off with other fans in our music forum. Read more Gold Derby entertainment news.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
A new month and a new Emmy contender? Awards Magnet hosts Christopher Rosen and Joyce Eng are here to discuss Tina Fey‘s new series The Four Seasons, category changes, and more. Click the photo above to watch the video.

Watch our chats with Kristen Bell (Nobody Wants This) and many more 2025 Emmy contenders…
Take a trip back to the Academy Awards ceremonies of the recent past with Gold Derby’s Oscars Playback series. Hosts Joyce Eng and Christopher Rosen recap every Oscar ceremony of the 1990s and 2000s. Joyce and Chris tackle the highs and lows of each show and see how the winners aged. It’s a wonderful night for Oscar, whenever you watch!

Gold Derby is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Gold Derby Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Deadline Media