The jokes ranged from cheeky to pretty uncomfortable, ngl.

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

	Nickelodeon has announced the list of entertainers nominated for their annual Kid’s Choice Awards, consisting of acts like Bad Bunny, Coco, Jones, Ice Spice, SZA, Tyla, Victoria Monét, Justin Timberlake, and more, to little or no fanfare. But Drake, nominated for six awards, is getting slammed with pedophile jokes for being up for Nick’s accolade—and it’s all because of his feud with Kendrick Lamar.

	Fans quickly began pummeling the Canadian artist with jokes referring to K. Dot’s “Meet the Grahams” and “Not Like Us,” asserting that being nominated for a Kid’s Choice Award couldn’t come at a worse time for Drizzy. 

	










	Jokes ranged from funny to clever to downright malicious. Some of them even insinuated that Nickelodeon wouldn’t have an issue with the pedophile allegations Kendrick flung at Drake because they have a history of not protecting children from abusers.














	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Na na na na run for your lifes https://t.co/1bUXirloBq pic.twitter.com/x3jofLIDdI
https://t.co/Gk2gkPg2BI pic.twitter.com/lxMZN7cQq4

	“Drake going to the Kid’s Choice awards after being called a pedo dont seem like a PR run to y’all?” one account asked. “Do NOT allow Drake anywhere near the Kid’s Choice Awards,” another account demanded. “Is there a better way for this to end than Kendrick winning another Grammy while Drake wins a Kid’s Choice Award,” someone else quipped. “Just wanna point out… Drake up for another Kid’s Choice Award…,” an X/Twitter account typed with a meme saying, “I mean, this some shameful sh*t.”

	If you missed it somehow, Kendrick Lamar and Drake hit each other with wild allegations throughout their battle. Drizzy claimed that K. Dot was physically abusive with his significant other, Whitney Alford, who was living separately from him with their kids. He also suggested that Lamar’s kids weren’t really his, but Dave Free’s, his business partner. Kendrick Lamar, on the other hand, accused Drake of being a pedophile and having sexual predators in his OVO camp.
WHO UP FOR THE WHAT CHOICE AWARDS!? https://t.co/fCErKr8Hhx pic.twitter.com/I1RKCQrOPk

	Dot’s accusations against Drake began taking on a life of their own as “Not Like Us,” Lamar’s last track from the feud, became a No. 1 Billboard hit and a viral sensation.

	The result saw people dancing to bars about the Her Loss rapper being called a “certified pedophile” and mocking him for his alleged relationships with underaged girls, or “A-minorrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrs,” as Lamar rapped. And now we’re here at the Kid’s Choice Awards nominations—how awkwardly poetic.
Spongebob keep the family away, Squidward keep the family away https://t.co/lvpKsRvT3b
Drake just opened his mouth. Someone go hand him a Nickelodeon award right now. https://t.co/gYbcKZCbmj
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.