The rapper's concert will air live on Prime Video and the Amazon Music channel on Twitch.

								By 

	Steven J. Horowitz

Senior Music Writer

	For those who weren’t able to snag tickets to Kendrick Lamar’s upcoming Los Angeles show The Pop Out — Ken and Friends, Amazon Music has come to the rescue with the announcement that its hip-hop and R&B brand Rotation will livestream the concert.

	Tickets for the show, taking place on June 19 at the Kia Forum, sold out instantly when they went on sale to the general public earlier today. Demand was reportedly at a staggering high, with social media users reporting that they were in line behind 100,000 others. On Ticketmaster’s site, in addition to other resale sites such as Stubhub, VividSeats and SeatGeek, tickets are already being resold at lofty prices, spanning $350 to $1,500 for a single seat. 

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					Horror Overkill: Too Many Scary Movies Set for 2025 Theatrical Releases		
			














	
		
					SXSW Undergoes Major Leadership Changes		
			








	The concert will air live on Prime Video and the Amazon Music channel on Twitch starting at 4 p.m. PT. The livestream coincides with Amazon Music’s “Forever the Influence” celebration of Black musicians and creatives, as part of Black Music Month.

	Lamar announced The Pop Out — Ken and Friends, presented by pgLang and Free Lunch, earlier this week. The concert title references a line from Lamar’s “Not Like Us,” a diss track towards Drake that became the biggest hit from the feud that’s dominated headlines the past few months.

The beef between Lamar and Drake grew increasingly contentious since the former dropped his verse on Metro Boomin and Future’s “Like That” in March. In the time since, they’ve attacked each others’ character, appearance and persona. Drake was the last to release a diss song with “The Heart Part 6,” which he recently scrubbed from his Instagram profile.
The Business of Entertainment