He even likened himself to 2Pac on the record. 

							By 

	Armon Sadler

Hip-Hop Reporter

	Tyler, The Creator and Kendrick Lamar have been putting on for the West Coast in a major way in 2024. The former Odd Future member blessed fans with a remix of one of K. Dot’s hot new tracks on Christmas this year.

	The Chromakopia rapper released “That Guy,” a remix of the Compton artist’s “Hey Now” and an accompanying music video. This came one month after a fan requested that he rap over the beat. “Hey now, say now, get sticky like a hun bun/ You will never be the main guy, you’re a plus-one/ 300k in four days Chromakopia/ 12 days gold I ain’t even drop deluxe one,” he rapped.

	










	Later on, he referenced his major reaction at Lamar’s The Pop Out concert this past June. “Lil bunny hop out, you seen me at the Pop Out/ Pandemonium screaming like they brought Pac out,” Tyler rapped. In the music video, he danced throughout his hometown Hawthorne, Calif., and reminded people of his origins and sexual orientation with the line: “All these girls is a habit/ Boyfriends mad because they thought I was a….” Watch the new video below.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			







	It’s been a big year for Tyler, The Creator. He released his latest album Chromakopia back in October, which went No. 1 on the Billboard 200 and sold 299, 500 album-equivalent units in its first week. The LP featured GloRilla, Sexyy Red, Lil Wayne, Daniel Caesar, Teezo Touchdown, ScHoolboy Q, Doechii, and more. He also released visuals for “St. Chroma,” “NOID,” and “Thought I Was Dead.”

	He gave fans a live taste of the album at Camp Flog Gnaw 2024 before he hits the road for the Chromakopia: The World Tour. His massive road trip will begin in February 2025 in St. Paul, MN, and hit major cities such as Vancouver, Las Vegas, Phoenix, Atlanta, Miami, Chicago, Detroit, Boston, New York, Toronto, and of course his hometown Los Angeles. 

	Tyler will also head overseas to Paris, Milan, Amsterdam, London, and Sydney. Lil Yachty and Paris Texas will accompany the two-time Grammy winner. Watch the tour announcement below. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.