"I expect more out of Mr. Drake. When there is violence, you don't condone it."

							By 

	Marc Griffin

Staff Writer, News

Uncle Luke slammed Drake after Rick Ross was attacked in Vancouver, which he deemed as “unacceptable.” The Hip-Hop pioneer took to social media, where he vented his frustrations with seeing their issues turning violent, if not possibly worse. He also called out Drake for liking a post that reshared the video of Ross being attacked.

	“I expect more out of Mr. Drake. When there is violence, you don’t condone it. Drake, you should be bigger than that. You don’t like no posts because here’s what happens: there’s always a backlash to it all…Even if you were not involved, half of the country thinks you set the man up. They book a show in Canada and you send your goons out there to agitate and start a fight with Ross. When you, Mr. Drake, liked the post, you inserted yourself into violence with Mr. Ross and his crew.”

	










	The icon, also known as Luke Skyywalker, later compared the situation to a very familiar Hip-Hop tale, the one involving 2Pac and Biggie. Luke asserted that he’s “seen how this end” and called for Drizzy to be the bigger man in the situation with Ross.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Kendrick Lamar Called "Hypocrite" For Performing With "Deadbeat" Playboi Carti After Dissing Drake		
			






Uncle Luke reacts to Rick Ross's crew getting jumped in Canada and tells Drake that he has just inserted himself into violence by liking the post on Instagram of Rick Ross's crew getting jumped. pic.twitter.com/SBddzjyiaR

	But Uncle Luke isn’t the only figure calling for peace in the Drake-Kendrick Lamar feud. Marlon Wayans stated that Drake, Ross, Lamar, The Game, and others should all look to J. Cole’s infamous Dreamville apology as the way forward.

	“Dear Hip-Hop. It’s all fun and games until people start getting hurt. Remember this, HISTORY REPEATS ITSELF,” he typed. “I knew Tupac, I knew Biggie. I partied with them, hung out with them, saw them both 20 minutes before they got shot. Violence is real. Everyone can be touched. Don’t entertain the devil. I love [Drake], love [Rick Ross], love [Kendrick Lamar] love [The Game] and I say to all my brothers there’s enough for everyone to eat.”

	“Y’all all need to what J. Cole did. With peace, with love, with positivity. Life is short… even shorter if you spend your energy on breaking each other down instead of building each other up. Hate seeing any of our kings at war. We are too few. STOP! And I say this with love. Always OG MW.”

	










	Watch Uncle Luke’s video above.
Marlon Wayans reacts to Rick Ross and his crew getting jumped in Canada. pic.twitter.com/btQXzCEROi
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.