New to Shacknews? Signup for a Free Account
Already have an account? Login Now
It's nighttime in America, which means it's time for another edition of Evening Reading.
Good evening, Shacknews, it's night time, which means it's time for Evening Reading. Let's officially close out our day of posting. Please take a look.
A year's worth of Baldur's Gate 3 stats
It’s been a year since Baldur’s Gate 3 was released, and you know what we’ve realised?Over a quarter of you can’t be trusted to not pick a fight with a djinni, and a surprising amount of you enjoy bear sex and tentacles.Who’d have thought? pic.twitter.com/kU9fAH6tnZ
Wait, you guys got turned into cheese wheels?
Claptrap dances to Not Like Us
Claptrap dances to Kendrick Lamar’s "Not Like Us" at the ‘BORDERLANDS’ afterparty. pic.twitter.com/Cogw7HLgJI
2024 has been a deeply unpredictable year.
A proper farewell from Game Informer's EIC
Here's a proper final Letter From the Editor from Game Informer's editor-in-chief Matt Miller. pic.twitter.com/QFRhJ4Zwnt
Thank you for everything, GI.
B-b-but who's going to pay for kids' free lunch?
never reposted anything so fast pic.twitter.com/41ewnMQEoz
It's that simple.
Interstellar returns to theaters for its 10th anniversary
Christopher Nolan’s ‘INTERSTELLAR’ will now re-release in theaters on December 6 for the film’s 10th anniversary.Will be shown in 70mm IMAX.(Source: https://t.co/N0Sbn93Wdy) pic.twitter.com/cETtPTxskH
Can't wait to see it on the big screen again!
Nancy's outfit in Nightmare 3
I worship at the feet of the costume designer who dressed a 23-year-old like this in A Nightmare on Elm Street 3: Dream Warriors. pic.twitter.com/QcuWT6IiLK
You know what? She pulled it off.
Dorya the Explorer
Dor(y)a the Explorer pic.twitter.com/gj6gtBn5Zi
Tekken's character customizer is the best feature in fighting games.
There you have it, Shacknews, your Evening Reading for tonight. Please consider subscribing to Shacknews Mercury to support our site for as little as $1/month.
What are you up to tonight? Let us know in the Shacknews Chatty comment thread below.
Donovan is a journalist from Maryland. His oldest gaming memory is playing Pajama Sam on his mom's desktop during weekends. Pokémon Emerald, Halo 2, and the original Star Wars Battlefront 2 were some of the most influential titles in awakening his love for video games. After interning for Shacknews throughout college, Donovan graduated from Bowie State University in 2020 with a major in broadcast journalism and joined the team full-time. He is a huge film fanatic and will talk with you about movies and games all day. You can follow him on twitter @Donimals_

					Donovan Erskine posted a new article, Evening Reading - August 7, 2024