Megan Thee Stallion performs during the Hot Girl Summer Tour at Target Center on May 14, 2024 in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Megan Thee Stallion has big plans for a future collaboration and she has a certain person in mind. In a recent interview, she told People that she’s eager to work with none other than Taylor Swift. “I love Taylor Swift, and I would like to collab with her one day,” Megan said. “She’s a stallion too, she’s a tall girl. I love that. We would be so cute next to each other.”
Megan isn't the only rapper to admire Swift. In April, Rick Ross surprised fans when he openly shared his appreciation for her. Following the release of Swift’s latest project, The Tortured Poets Department, Ross took to X (formerly Twitter) to express his unexpected fandom, writing “Fresh out the slammer and Florida!!! Blasting on the Yacht at Midnight. Taylor writes like a Boss and her song titles are Gangsta.”
The tweet took many fans by surprise, with one commenting, “Ross being a Swift fan was not on my card [crying face emoji],” and another adding, “The visual of this in my head is incredible.”
Ross' shoutout came soon after Drake took a dig at Kendrick Lamar for working with Swift. In his track “Push Ups (Drop & Gimme 50),” Drake raps, “Maroon 5 need a verse, you better make it witty/ Then we need a verse for the Swifties,” referencing Lamar’s collaboration with Swift on 2015's "Bad Blood (Remix)," which reached No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100.
Swift’s connections with the rap world don’t stop there. In a Rolling Stone cover story, Ice Spice recalled how stunned she was when she found out Swift wanted to collaborate with her on the remix to “Karma” from her Midnights album. At the time, she was in her first apartment in New Jersey with her producer Riot when her manager delivered the news.
“He usually texts, but he called, and he’s like, ‘You ready for this one?’ And I’m thinking it’s going to be some bad news or something,” Ice Spice recalled. “He’s like, ‘Taylor Swift has a record for you to get on from her album.’ I’m playing it cool on the phone, like, ‘Oh, that’s cool. Super cool.’ Then I hang up and I’m hysterically crying. I’m in my walk-in closet, like, ‘Bro, this is not real life.’ Riot definitely filmed it. That’ll probably be in a documentary one day.”
A collaboration between Megan Thee Stallion and Taylor Swift is clearly something that's been on fans' minds. Just a few months ago, someone shared a mashup that featured Meg rapping over Swift’s “Ready For It?” on YouTube. Take a listen to the NSFW track here.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!