She was working late, because she’s a singer, but now she’s at the beach. Sabrina Carpenter just uploaded pictures from her travels abroad, and she looks to be absolutely thriving, embracing sunscreen instead of makeup, and rocking beachy waves instead of her usual glossy blow-out.
“My give a fucks are euhhh how do u say” the “Feather” singer (and Bart Simpson niece) captioned her latest photo dump, in which she lounges on the beach in a scarlet one-piece.
The definition of simple style. She also took a horseback ride, held hands with Whitney Peak in Paris, got to know a goat, and took a countryside selfie. You know, like you do.
This content can also be viewed on the site it originates from.
Carpenter accessorized with a simple necklace and a blue pedicure, opting for a less-is-more approach that’s perfect for summer. Who has time to pile on foundation and jewelry?
It’s hot, let’s hit the water. And the fact that she pulled off a red one-piece without making it look Baywatch-y…impressive.
I’m not gonna make a Saltburn joke here, but feel free to make one in your mind.
That goat doesn’t even realize he’s meeting Sabrina Carpenter. Does that goat even know about “Nonsense”?
’Brina is getting some much needed R&R before departing on her Short n’ Sweet tour to promote her upcoming album of the same name, which drops August 23rd. With “Espresso” at the top of the charts, the singer has a lot to celebrate, and on July 4 she took to Instagram to share her gratitude.
“And just like that you guys sold out the entire short n’ sweet tour, espresso went #1 at pop radio andddddd i slid down this slide :’) thank you all so so much!!!,” she wrote, adding, “I can’t wait to see you on the road.”
Taylor Swift commented that it was the Summer of Sabrina, and who are we to argue with Tay?
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices