By Patrick Hipes 
Executive Managing Editor

EXCLUSIVE: Sabrina Carpenter, who is prepping for the release of her new album Short n’ Sweet in August and the launch of her North American tour after that, will headline Sabrina Carpenter: A VR Concert. The exclusive event will premiere Friday, July 19 at 5 p.m. PT exclusively in Meta Horizon Worlds’ Music Valley.

	The 45-minute concert will feature Carpenter’s hit songs including “Espresso,” “Nonsense,” “Feather” and more. It is being produced by Gunpowder & Sky, which also produced Meta’s The Notorious B.I.G Sky’s the Limit: A VR Concert Experience. The latter event landed an Emmy last year in the category of Outstanding Emerging Media Program.

	










	The Carpenter concert was filmed in Los Angeles and builds on the momentum of her Coachella performance in April, when she played both weekends. A teaser trailer of the VR concert (watch it above) shows off the distinctive baby blue motel set in 180 degrees.




			Watch on Deadline		






	See other first-look photos below. RSVP for the concert here.

	Meta says replays will be available for another couple weeks of the concert, which serves as the marquee kickoff of a summer of new music, games, challenges and rewards in Meta Horizon Worlds, accessible via Meta Quest 3 headsets.

	“It’s truly a privilege to witness and produce Sabrina at the height of her powers, especially after her phenomenal performance at Coachella,” Gunpowder & Sky CEO Van Toffler said. “Experiencing her in such an intimate setting offers a unique and unforgettable moment for her fans, highlighting her immense talent and charisma up close.”

	Carpenter’s music career has been going full-tilt since opening for Taylor Swift during Eras Tour stops in Mexico, Argentina and Brazil in 2023 and in Australia and Singapore in February and March. Following Coachella, she was the musical guest on the season finale of Saturday Night Live in May.

	Most recently, she was tapped as a headliner at Outside Lands on August 10 in San Francisco ahead of her album drop; Short ‘n Sweet is her sixth studio album. Her North American tour kicks off September 23 in Ohio and wraps with two shows in Los Angeles in November.

	Check out the Sabrina Carpenter: A VR Concert photos below.
Get our Breaking News Alerts and Keep your inbox happy.
Signup for Breaking News Alerts & Newsletters

			By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.		
Get our latest storiesin the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our annonymous form.
Sign up for our breaking news alerts

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.	
Deadline is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Deadline Hollywood, LLC. All Rights Reserved.

		By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.