Manage your account
Sabrina Carpenter is sharing insight into her and Barry Keoghan’s relationship.
After the actor appeared as Carpenter's leading man in her “Please Please Please” music video, the former Disney Channel star says having the “Saltburn” star featured in her work was “special.”
“He loved the song. He’s obsessed with the lyrics, and I’m so grateful for that,” she told Variety in an article published on Aug. 6. “I don’t want to sound biased, but I think he’s one of the best actors of this generation. So getting to see him on the screen with my song as the soundtrack made the video better and all the more special.”
Carpenter also noted that Keoghan's zodiac sign is the same as one of her sisters, which may be why they get along.
“Barry’s a Libra, and so is my sister. They’re very different, but they have similarities. I tend to gravitate towards Leos as well,” Carpenter said.
The “Please Please Please” video is a continuation of the music video for her hit song “Espresso,” which ends with her getting arrested. “Please Please Please” begins with her being bailed out of jail, and as she’s leaving the police station, she locks eyes with Keoghan, who has just been arrested.
What comes next is an unlikely romantic storyline with Carpenter visiting Keoghan in jail, waiting for him on multiple occasions after he's released and more PDA-filled moments.
The lyrics are also teasy, touching on his movie star career.
“I heard that you’re an actor/ So act like a stand up guy/ Whatever devils inside you/ Don’t let him out tonight,” she sings. “I tell them it’s just your culture/ And everyone rolls their eyes/ Yeah I know/ All I’m asking baby/ Please please please don’t prove I’m right.”
Carpenter and Keoghan both had standout professional years in 2023. Keoghan, 31, was nominated for his first Academy Award for his role in “Banshees of Inisherin,” then made waves in “Saltburn“ out earlier this year. Carpenter, 25, went on tour for her album “Emails I Can’t Send” and released a Christmas album, then joined Taylor Swift on her tour.
Keoghan is a new dad to 2-year-old son Brando, whom he shares with ex Alyson Sandro, an orthodontist from Scotland.
Read on for more about Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan's relationship timeline.
Romance rumors surrounding the pair began in late 2023. The pair were seen hanging out together at night in the Los Angeles Brentwood neighborhood.
The “Girl Meets World” alum began opening for Swift in August 2023 for the Latin America leg of her “Eras” Tour, later joining Swift in Australian cities in addition to Singapore.
Keoghan and Carpenter haven’t commented on the rumored relationship. However, he left a queen emoji on Carpenter’s post of her singing “White Horse” with Swift at a Sydney, Australia, show.
Keoghan made his way to Singapore when Carpenter opened for Swift while on the "Eras Tour."
The actor was captured, in a fan video, reacting to the end of Carpenter’s song “Nonsense,” which she typically turns into a moment. Carpenter is known to ad lib a new ending to the song with references to the city or place she’s performing in.
The improvised “Nonsense” lyrics are sometimes daring, and they were in this case. Carpenter sings, “He said that he wishes he was on me/ Got me wetter than the Jewel Changi/ Singapore, I hope you like my songy!” Jewel Changi, an airport and retail center, is home to the world’s tallest indoor waterfall.
At the end of this version, Keoghan claps for Carpenter with his hands in the air.
Fan videos captured the two hugging after Carpenter’s performance with the singer running offstage into Keoghan’s arms. During Swift’s performance, they were seen standing near each other, sometimes shoulder-to-shoulder.
Keoghan was spotted sporting some “Sabrina” merch at Vanity Fair’s Oscars party on March 6, as well as at W Magazine and Louis Vuitton’s Academy Awards dinner March 7.
In photos captured from the events, Keoghan was seen wearing a beaded bracelet, similar to those worn by fans at Swift concerts, that read “Sabrina.”
The jewelry was lined with two pink hearts on either side of the letters.
The former “Girl Meets World” actor found a clever way to subtly reference her rumored romance with the Irish star during her performance at the second weekend of Coachella. The singer notably changed the lyrics to the end of her song “Nonsense,” which she usually improvises depending on the city she’s in.
However, during her April 19 set, Carpenter’s lyric change appeared to reference one of the racy moments in “Saltburn,” in which Keoghan’s character Oliver slurps up Jacob Elordi’s character Felix’s bathwater after he had just masturbated.
“Man, his knees so weak he had to spread mine/ He’s drinkin’ my bath water like it’s red wine/ Coachella, see you back here when I headline!” Carpenter sang in fan-recorded videos.
At the first weekend of the California music festival, Keoghan showed his support for Carpenter and looked giddy watching her in clips shared by fans.
In one video, fans captured Carpenter waving to Keoghan from stage, which appeared to prompt the “Saltburn” actor to giggle from behind his Burberry-print face scarf.
Following Carpenter's performance, videos show Keoghan hopping on a golf cart to ride away with the singer.
In what appeared to be the most public moment for the pair, Keoghan and Carpenter posed for photos together when they attended the 2024 Met Gala on May 6. The pair got flirty with one another when he tried to hide his face with his top hat, while Carpenter laughed alongside him.
While they did not walk the carpet together, they were both together when getting ready for the annual fashion event. A cute moment of Keoghan arriving at Carpenter's hotel suite while she's getting was captured in the Vogue vlog. He also gave her a kiss on the cheek before they headed out together.
Carpenter released the music video for her new song “Please Please Please,” which is featured on her upcoming album, “Short n’ Sweet,” on June 6. Fans were delighted to see that Keoghan was the singer’s troubled love interest in the visual.
The video shows Carpenter falling for Keoghan's character after he gets arrested. She continues to wait for him after he's released and stands by him when he goes back to a life of crime, before she takes measures into her own hands.
She also appears to give him a subtle nod in the lyrics: “I heard that you’re an actor/So act like a stand up guy/Whatever devils inside you/Don’t let him out tonight. I tell them it’s just your culture/And everyone rolls their eyes/Yeah I know/All I’m asking baby/Please please please don’t prove I’m right.”
Carpenter made rare comments about her relationship with Keoghan in a cover story for Variety. The entertainer was asked about the actor starring in her music video and his opinion on the track.
“He loved the song. He’s obsessed with the lyrics, and I’m so grateful for that,” she told the magazine. “I don’t want to sound biased, but I think he’s one of the best actors of this generation. So getting to see him on the screen with my song as the soundtrack made the video better and all the more special.”
Additionally, she also shared why she gravitated towards the Irish star — and it had to do because of his zodiac sign.
“Barry’s a Libra, and so is my sister. They’re very different, but they have similarities,” she said. “I tend to gravitate towards Leos as well.”
This article was originally published on TODAY.com