This isn't nonsense: Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan just reached a relationship milestone.
Three months after confirming their romance with a PDA-filled date night, the "Espresso" singer and the Saltburn actor made their sneaky red carpet debut as a couple at the 2024 Met Gala on May 6 by posing together for a few adorable photos. (See all the celebs at the 2024 Met Gala here.)
In one snap, Barry wrapped his arm around Sabrina's waist while they both smiled for the camera. In another photo, the Dunkirk actor covered part of his face with his top hat while the "Nonsense" singer shot the camera a staggering smize. 
For the star-studded event—held at the Metropolitan Museum of Art—Sabrina, 24, followed this year's "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" theme by wearing a black velvet strapless gown with a baby blue satin train. To top off her look, the star wore her long blonde hair in a half-up hairstyle and opted for some classic diamond jewelry. Meanwhile, Barry, 31, donned a velvet green three-piece suit that he completed with a black top hat and black dress shoes. 
The couple's outing comes just a few weeks after Barry supported his real-life leading lady at her 2024 Coachella performance April 12, cheering her on as she hit the stage during the first weekend of the festival.
Sabrina even gave a cheeky shoutout to the Oscar nominee during her second Coachella performance April 19, referencing that infamous Saltburn bathtub scene with Jacob Elordi's character during her "Nonsense" outro.
"Man, his knees so weak he had to spread mine," she sang. "He's drinkin' my bath water like it's red wine / Coachella, see you back here when I headline."
And while Sabrina has yet to directly address her relationship with Barry, she did share insight into her approach to dating.
"A lot of it, for me, has been fate," the Girl Meets World alum told Cosmopolitan March 27. "I know that's super broad, but I don't actively look for it."
"The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love," she added. "So yeah, it's fun and it's messy."
And she's loving the journey. As she noted, "I think I'm still just at this place where I'm really enjoying the newness of all of it."
To see all of the couples on the 2024 Met Gala red carpet, keep reading...
Elle Fanning and Gus Wenner
Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter
Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez
Kelsea Ballerini and Chase Stokes 
Dwyane Wade and Gabrielle Union 
Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 
Morgan Spector and Rebecca Hall
Dove Cameron and Damiano David 
Queen Latifah and Eboni Nichols 
Jeremy Strong and Emma Wall 
Kris Jenner and Corey Gamble 
Eddie Redmayne and Hannah Bagshawe
Taika Waititi and Rita Ora 
Matthew Macfadyen and Keeley Hawes 
James Corden and Julia Carey 
Matt Damon and Luciana Damon
Francesco Carrozzini and Bee Carrozzini
Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky 
Baz Luhrmann and Catherine Martin 
Leonardo MAria Del Vecchio and Jessica Serfaty 
Steve Newhouse and Gina Sanders 
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.