Criterion Channel's homage to the women screenwriters of Hollywood's golden age and a 'Dracula' inspired novel round out our picks for the weekend of Aug. 30.
 Summer seemed to blow by like a Twister — though, albeit it short, it did feel like a return to form. No threat of severe illness kept us home and no strikes impeded the blockbusters from their full promotional push, making it feel like the first true pop culture summer back in far too long. We're heading into a quiet Labor Day, but we've got plenty of options below to entertain you over the long weekend. And next week brings Beetlejuice Beetlejuice, which I got to check out this week and think will hit all the right nostalgia notes for fans of the original. Summer may be ending, but inside an air-conditioned movie theater it can be any season we want. —Patrick Gomez, Editor-in-Chief

 P.S. If you want to receive the Must List in your inbox, sign up for our  "Entertainment Weekly and Awardist" newsletter. You'll receive all three each week — the trifecta of entertainment information.

Lifetime; Island Records; Stefanie Keenan/Getty Images for The Woods
 Sabrina Carpenter cements her pop superstar status with this genre-expansive delight, sprinkled with hints of disco, R&B, folk, indie, and even country. Though the subject matter might feel stale (ruminations on boyfriends lost and gained), it's anything but thanks to this pint-sized pop girlie's signature lyrical witticisms ("try to come off like you're soft and well-spoken, jack off to lyrics by Leonard Cohen"). Unapologetically oscillating from horny AF ("Bed Chem," "Juno") to moody ("Don't Smile") to defiant ("Good Graces"), Carpenter's give-a-f---s are truly on vacation. The only thing that could make Sweet even Sweet(er) are the bonus tracks she released today.—Jessica Wang, Staff Writer

 Read EW's look at Sabrina Carpenter's "Taste" music video co-starring Jenna Ortega

 Honoring the likes of Anita Loos, Frances Marion, Jane Murfin, and more, this Criterion Channel online collection shines a light on female screenwriters who shaped the early days of sound cinema. Hollywood still struggles with gender equity, but these ladies brought personal experience (and plenty of sass) to stories about work, sex, family, and marriage. —Maureen Lee Lenker, Senior Writer

Lifetime
 This Lifetime movie trilogy (out now) marks an exciting foray into the "cozy horror" trend that's taken over the book world. Murder, betrayal, shady real estate deals, and soothing #PumpkinSpiceVibes abound on the charming suburban cul-de-sac, where nothing is as it seems. —Ryan Coleman, News WriterRead EW's list of the best scary movies streaming right now

 When psychiatrist Mina Murray travels to the Welsh countryside to help her estranged best friend cope with a mysterious illness, she's drawn into a web of secrets. Sink your teeth into author Dawn Kurtagich's Dracula-inspired exploration of gender, power, and sexuality. The perfect transition to spooky season. —M.L.L.

Stefanie Keenan/Getty
 Minutes from EW's West Hollywood office, Woody Harrelson's cannabis cafe (also co-owned by Bill Maher and Jay Handal), provides an elevated escape from the traffic-ridden Los Angeles streets. This gem's vibey open air space — with a real koi pond and exotic birds — truly makes this a destination for both cannabis lovers and those just embracing the chill L.A. vibes. —Yolanda Machado, Staff EditorWatch EW's tour of The Woods on TikTok

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)