February 20, 1939—November 2, 2024
“Eventually, all things merge into one, and a river runs through it.” Norman Maclean
Delmar (Del) Foster was a true American hero. He served his family, community, and country with a deep love for humanity. An expert mechanic and carpenter who loved to build things, he approached life with an innate curiosity and a joy of learning. He loved nature and wildlife, spending his summers in the mountains camping and fishing. All who knew him, remember his gift of storytelling. Sharing his life experiences and stories was his great joy.
Del left this world on November 2, 2024, after six weeks in the Veterans’ Hospital in Boise, Idaho. Prior to being admitted into the hospital, he was enjoying the last few weeks of summer camping near the banks of his beloved Boise River near Featherville and Pine, Idaho with his dog, Tippy.
Del first traveled to Idaho in October of 1957 after finishing boot camp with the United States Air Force (USAF). There, he joined the 9th Bombardment Wing, 15th Air Force of the Strategic Air Command in Mountain Home. He then served in the Vietnam War as a jet mechanic and crew chief stationed in Guam. He survived Typhoon Karen when 95% of the island was destroyed and his small unit had to survive on a can of water and no food for days. He spent 110 days in Guam and was exposed to Agent Orange - the origin of many health issues he dealt with the rest of his life. Del received a Presidential Certification from President Kennedy for his heroism and bravery.
After six-and-a-half years, he joined the 1254th Presidential Squadron that supplied transportation for the President and Vice President of the United States in Washington DC. Del was the expert jet mechanic and a crew chief that served on President John F. Kennedy's flight crew (later called Air Force One). They escorted Vice President Johnson and First Lady Jackie Kennedy off the plane when she returned from Dallas on Nov. 22, 1963. He experienced the shock and sadness that his crew felt that day with the sudden death of President Kennedy.
After eight years of service in the USAF, Del moved with his wife, Rosalie (Rosie) Foster, back to her family ranch in Mountain Home, Idaho. He worked for the Mountain Home Police Department before being hired by the Idaho State Police (ISP). He served with the ISP as a Patrol Officer for 27 years retiring honorably in 1993. Del pursued law enforcement because he loved people and being of service to his community. He wholeheartedly embraced his job as a “Peacekeeper”. It was important for him to know the names and locations of all the families in his rural community and to check in on them and share his phone number in case they needed help. The stories of appreciation from those who lived in these counties while Del was their local patrol officer are many and still told with admiration and gratitude. After retirement, he joined the Idaho Retired Law Enforcement Association (IRLEA) and the Apple Dumpling Gang to continue supporting law enforcement and his community.
Del had a great gift of working with his hands and built his first house with his father and brothers at the age of 13. He went on to build two more homes on his and Rosalie’s five-generation family ranch in Mountain Home. An expert mechanic, he could fix anything and kept the many cars, trucks, and tractors on the ranch up and running. He would also build fence, shear sheep, and care for the many cows, goats, horses, and other farm animals that they raised as well as tend the fields of alfalfa, fruit orchards, and vegetable gardens. As a city boy from Detroit, learning rural life was a big adjustment but he embraced it as he did all things with dedication, curiosity, and joy.
After retirement from the Idaho State Police, Del drove school busses for the Mountain Home School District. He also served as the President of the Mountain Home Senior Citizen Center. He then worked as a crew chief for a long-haul trucking company enjoying many years driving new trucks across the country with his team.
Del fell in love with his wife Rosie after he was invited to ride horses on her family ranch on a day off from the Air Force Base. He remained married to her for 52 years until she passed away in 2011. They raised a daughter, Demis Foster, and a son, Rob Foster. Del always kept a close, supportive, and loving relationship with both of his children, their spouses, Melinda Foster and Carter Bundy, and his grandchildren, Sabrina Foster, Riley Foster, and Gus Bundy.
In 2013, Del married his friend of 50-plus years, Lauralee (Laurie) Biggs. They enjoyed ten years of companionship, camping, and many road trips to visit family before her death in 2023. Laurie is survived by her children Wilmer Biggs and wife Melissa, and daughters Jeri Arce, and Kim Dunson.
Born in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, Del is the son of Bernard and Ethel Foster. He grew up in Michigan with his twin brother Delbert Foster, sister Jackie Foster, and younger surviving brother Paul Foster.
Del leaves a legacy of service, sacrifice, heroism, and love. A celebration of life will be held in June 2025 in Mountain Home. For more information and to share memories, photos, and stories, go to htps://www.forevermissed.com/delmar-foster/about