By CODIE BULLEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  20:19, 4 December 2024   |  Updated:  20:33, 4 December 2024   
 77
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan have reportedly broken up. 
A source told People on Tuesday that the 25-year-old pop superstar and the 32-year-old Oscar nominee had gone their separate ways.
'They are both young and career-focused, so they've decided to take a break,' the insider said of the formal couple. 
The news comes just a year after the A-list couple were first linked.
And while the reasons for their split are still unclear, there were some signs the relationship between was headed for the rocks, including cheating claims and going on a 'break'.
So, MailOnline takes a look at all the signs the pair have been heading for a breakup for months. 
Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan have reportedly broken up
A source told People on Tuesday that the 25-year-old pop superstar and the 32-year-old Oscar nominee had gone their separate ways
Back in August, a source informed People that the pair's relationship is 'on and off'.
A separate insider also told The Sun of the break up speculation, 'Barry acts like an idiot when he is drunk and Sabrina was getting increasingly frustrated.'
'He has always been a party animal and Sabrina was fed up with his antics. She is soaring in the charts and is putting herself first as she gears up for her tour next month.'
Then in September, it was reported that Sabrina had dumped Barry due to his wild partying and him acting an 'idiot' when intoxicated.
When asked by Rolling Stone if she refers to Barry as her boyfriend she said: 'How do I skirt around this question?'.
'The [dating] pool is the pool, and when you meet people that feel authentic and are so brilliant and amazing in every way, that's what you do. Obviously, I write songs about exactly how I feel, so I guess I can't be so surprised that people are interested in who and what those songs are about.'
She concluded: 'That's something that comes with the territory.'
Barry, however, appeared to shut down rumors of the split as he continued to 'like' her Instagram posts.
Back in August, a source informed People that the pair's relationship is 'on and off'
Barry has been hit by unfounded claims that he cheated on Sabrina, after it was reported that the pair had split after a year of dating
Whilst Louis Theroux was very good at outright asking Barry whether he was with Sabrina or not, Barry was very coy with his answer. 
Louis asked: 'Are we talking about Sabrina or not, are you in a relationship with her or not?'
Barry simply responded: 'I'm incredibly blessed. She's such a strong, independent lady who's massively talented and special.'
Barry has been hit by unfounded claims that he cheated on Sabrina, after it was reported that the pair had split after a year of dating.
A source told People that the couple have decided to go their separate ways in a bid to focus on their respective careers.
Now, a blind item on gossip site Deuxmoi has claimed that a breakup between a rising pop star and her 'foreign actor boyfriend' occurred because he'd cheated on her with a 'semi-famous TikTok influencer'.
While the item did not name Barry or Sabrina, fans were quick to claim that the piece was about them.
The item read: 'It appears that this A-list singer who's having her breakout year and her foreign actor boyfriend are done for good.
Following reports of the split, fans of the couple couldn't contain their feelings, and they vented a mix of grief and relief at the breakup on social media (Sabrina is pictured last month)
'On the closing night of her biggest tour to date in LA, he was busy getting very cozy at San Vicente Bungalows with a blonde, semi-famous, LA based influencer (who's particularly big on TikTok).
'I snooped around a bit out of curiosity and apparently he and his popstar girlfriend called it quits very suddenly less than a week before her final shows in LA after she found out he had been chatting with said influencer behind her back for months in a not-innocent-at-all way...'
The item also claimed that the influencer 'had even gone to find [Barry] while he was filming in the UK, eager to keep him company while his girlfriend was touring in the US'.
They added: 'He had messed up before and she had forgiven him but nothing as serious and infidelity is where she draws the line.'
MailOnline has contacted representatives for Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan for comment.
Barry split from his ex-girlfriend Alyson Sandro in 2023 after three years together, and it was rumoured at the time that he cheated on her with Sabrina.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group