By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  20:48, 25 September 2024   |  Updated:  21:07, 25 September 2024   
 8
View  comments
Tasha Ghouri commanded attention in a dramatic black gown which featured a racy slit up the leg as she stepped out to the UK Premiere of Joker: Folie Ã Deux on Wednesday.
The Love Island star, 26, looked incredible at Cineworld Leicester Square in a dress featuring a leather corset bodice and a long puffed skirt.
Accentuating her fabulous figure, the dress featured dramatic padding around the hips and a long train that trailed down the red carpet.
Adding an inch to her statuesque frame, she slipped into a pair of black kitten heel slingbacks.
To accessorise, she kept it simple with a pair of leaf-dangly earrings and a thick silver bangle.
Tasha Ghouri commanded attention in a dramatic black gown which featured a racy slit up the leg as she stepped out to the UK Premiere of Joker: Folie Ã Deux on Wednesday
The Love Island star, 26, looked incredible at Cineworld Leicester Square in a dress featuring a leather corset bodice and a long puffed skirt
Tasha slicked her blonde tresses back into a simple bun with a neat middle part.
Her appearance comes after she faced a 'fix' row on Saturday after BBC fans slammed her for being a 'professional dancer' as she received a standing ovation on week one of Strictly Come Dancing. 
She nearly topped the leaderboard with her Cha Cha Cha to Espresso by Sabrina Carpenter with partner Aljaz Skorjanec, who was returning to the show, with the pair hot favourites to win this year's Glitter Ball. 
Head Judge Shirley Ballas said the reality star has 'the most spectacular leg actions she has ever seen on this show' and was awarded a massive 30 points from the panel. 
However fans took to X - formerly known as Twitter - to complain Tasha, who was born deaf, was previously a 'professional dancer' before appearing on Love Island. 
'Tasha gonna be good she's a dancer; Do the #Strictly judges not know Tasha used to be a pro dancer?; Tasha will be good as she is already a professional dancer!!
'Tasha is SO LIKEABLE, I don’t even mind that she is a dancer already (not ballroom etc but it’s an advantage); Wasn't Tasha a dancer??? I appreciate how impressive she is but I'm almost sure she was a dancer.'
Motsi Mabuse agreed with Shirley and said Tasha had 'started up here, so high, you can't drop lower now'.
Accentuating her fabulous figure, the dress featured dramatic padding around the hips and a long train that trailed down the red carpet
Adding an inch to her statuesque frame, she slipped into a pair of black kitten heel slingbacks
To accessorise, she kept it simple with a pair of leaf-dangly earrings and a thick silver bangle
Tasha slicked her blonde tresses back into a simple bun with a neat middle part
For the glitzy evening, Tasha posed elegantly as she gazed down the barrel of the camera for the red carpet 
Her appearance comes after she faced a 'fix' row on Saturday after BBC fans slammed her for being a 'professional dancer' as she received a standing ovation on week one of Strictly Come Dancing 
The Love Island star nearly topped the leaderboard with her Cha Cha Cha to Espresso by Sabrina Carpenter with partner Aljaz Skorjanec and received glowing reviews from the judges
While Anton Du Beke said: 'You are terrific and I was watching Aljaz who was like "this is great" I am looking forward to watching you'.
Meanwhile strict judge Craig only had three words for Tasha as he said, 'Slay, slay, slay.'
Following the performance, Aljaz admitted, 'the potential is amazing and I think I'm struggling more than you are right now.'
Fans were delighted as Aljaz returned to the BBC show after he left the show in 2022 of his own accord. 
They wrote: 'So lovely to have Aljaz back where he belongs; Aljaz is back!!; Aljaz we have missed you so much'.
Head Judge Shirley Ballas gushed that the reality star has 'the most spectacular leg actions she has ever seen on this show' and was awarded a massive 30 points from the panel
However fans took to X - formerly known as Twitter - to complain that Tasha, who was born deaf, was previously a 'professional dancer' before appearing on Love Island
Craig (pictured) only had three words for Tasha as he said, 'Slay, slay, slay'
Following the performance, Aljaz admitted, 'the potential is amazing and I think I'm struggling more than you are right now'
The decision to bring back the star to the BBC show has reportedly raised eyebrows, especially given a string of scandals that have beset the show in recent weeks.
Two years after his exit, it was reported in recent weeks that Aljaz departed the show after an alleged 'shocking' incident with a fellow female professional dancer on the nationwide tour. 
A source told The Sun: 'Has the BBC learned nothing from the past ten months?
'Amid ongoing furore around the behaviour of its male pros, they actively recruited a dancer who left under a cloud.
'Aljaž was touted as an unproblematic, returning legend but that couldn't be further from the truth.'
The source claimed the crew and cast were 'relieved' to see his departure two years ago and are now 'aghast' to see him back on the show
They revealed he allegedly got 'very drunk' on a night out on tour two years ago which led him being involved in a 'very serious, pretty shocking altercation' with a female.
The incident was said to have made the female dancer feel 'deeply uncomfortable'.
Aljaž's scene has been reportedly discussed backstage at length since and the decision to bring him back has 'baffled' the crew.
'Execs would have to be living in a cave not to have heard the rumours', the source added.
According to the publication, the BBC denied an official complaint was made over the incident, and it had been previously stated that Aljaz left of his own accord.
The BBC declined to comment when contacted by MailOnline, and told The Sun that they did not recognise the claims against Aljaz.
Fans were delighted as Aljaz returned to the BBC show after he left the show in 2022 of his own accord
The Slovenian dancer returned to the BBC show for its 20th series, two years after an altercation on the 2022 live tour (pictured with celebrity partner Sara Davies in 2021)
Aljaz is married to fellow Strictly pro and It Takes Two host Janette Manrara, and sources claim that after his 2022 altercation, the crew are 'aghast' bosses have invited him back
A spokesperson for Aljaž said: 'Aljaž has the utmost respect for everyone he works with.
'He chose to leave the show in 2022 of his own accord but he has always loved Strictly and was delighted to be asked back.
'It is untrue to say or suggest he was forced out or that he acted in an aggressive manner at any time. He is excited to make his return to the dancefloor this year.'
Montell Douglas and Johannes Radebe - Foxtrot to Is You Is or Is You Ain’t My Baby by Dinah Washington
Punam Krishan and Gorka Marquez - Cha Cha to Love At First Sight by Kylie Minogue
Sam Quek and Nikita Kuzmin - Foxtrot to Where Did Our Love Go by The Supremes
Sarah Hadland and Vito Coppola - Quickstep to 9 to 5 by Dolly Parton
Tasha Ghouri and Aljaž Škorjanec - Cha Cha to Espresso by Sabrina Carpenter
Toyah Willcox and Neil Jones - Tango to Ray Of Light by Madonna
Chris McCausland and Dianne Buswell - Cha Cha to Twist and Shout by The Beatles
Jamie Borthwick and Michelle Tsiakkas - Viennese Waltz to Beautiful Things by Benson Boone
JB Gill and Amy Dowden - Waltz to When I Need You by Leo Sayer
Nick Knowles and Luba Mushtuk - Jive to We Built This City by Starship
Paul Merson and Karen Hauer - American Smooth to Vindaloo by Fat Les
Pete Wicks and Jowita Przystał - Paso Doble to Breathe by The Prodigy
Shayne Ward and Nancy Xu - Samba to Do I Do by Stevie Wonder
Tom Dean and Nadiya Bychkova - Tango to Golden by Harry Styles
Wynne Evans and Katya Jones - Samba to Help Yourself by Tom Jones

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group