"Espresso" is piping hot in the U.K., where it leads the chart race for the first time.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” is piping hot in the U.K., where it leads the chart race for the first time. 

	The American singer and actor has a bonafide hit on her hands with “Espresso” (Island), which debuted at No. 6 on the national chart, following its release April 11, and has continued to climb ever since. 

	“Espresso” is her first top 10 and fourth top 40 appearance on the U.K. chart, following “Feather” (No. 19 peak), “Skin” (No. 28) and “Nonsense” (No. 32).





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Dasha		
					






















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					






















	
		
					Shaboozey		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Carpenter can’t take it to the bank. Taylor Swift’s “Fortnight” featuring Post Malone dips 1-2 on the Official Chart Update, and, based on early sales and streaming data published by the Official Charts Company, is less than 1,000 chart units behind. “Fortnight” last Friday, April 26, opened at No. 1 on the Official Chart, for Swift’s fourth leader, while its parent LP The Tortured Poets Department (EMI) rampaged its way to the summit of the albums chart, for her 12th leader and third chart double.

	










	Another track from Swift’s double album could debut in the top 10, “I Can Do It With A Broken Heart.” It’s new at No. 7 on the Official Chart Update, and could lift her career tally of U.K. top 10s to 29.




			Trending on Billboard		






	Country music has enjoyed a revival on the U.K. charts, first with Beyonce’s No. 1 album Cowboy Carter (Columbia/Parkwood Ent), then Dasha’s single “Austin.” Shaboozey is getting in on the act with “A Bar Song (Tipsy)” (via American Dogwood/Empire), which lifts 27-8 on the chart blast and is set to give the U.S. artist his first U.K. top 10. 

	Dasha’s “Austin” (Warner Records), meanwhile, is predicted to hold at No. 10.

	All will be revealed when the Official U.K. Singles Chart is published late Friday, May 3.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.