Barry Keoghan—who has been dating Sabrina Carpenter since late 2023—shared a rare photo of his and ex-girlfriend Alyson Kierans' 2-year-old son Brando.
Barry Keoghan is eternally grateful to be a dad.
The Saltburn star had nothing but sweet words about his 2-year-old son Brando—who he shares with ex-girlfriend Alyson Kierans—while sharing a glimpse into their home life together.
"He’s more of a charmer than I am," Barry wrote on Instagram Aug. 18, alongside a selfie of with the toddler as he played with toys. "Our wee Brando."
And the 31-year-old's mini-me is taking after him in more ways than one. Charm aside, Brando also has the same piercing green eyes as his father—a trait that even Barry, who is now dating Sabrina Carpenter, can't ignore.
"You see little resemblances and little characteristics coming through, and it’s just beautiful," the Eternals actor shared of his son in a February interview with Vanity Fair. "When he makes eye contact with you, you just melt."
Though fatherhood is a "new territory" for Barry, he hopes to be "the best person" for Brando as both a role model and mentor.
"It’s a very important thing for me—for him to be able to grow up and be proud of his daddy, and to lean on his daddy," Barry continued. "And if he has questions or anything, I’m always there for him in that sense of learning and growing with him and failing."
The Banshees of Inisherin actor added, "He’s young, but he’s full of cheekiness already. His smile breaks my heart."
In fact, Barry suspects that his son—named after late Hollywood legend Marlon Brando—will grow up to be quite the heartbreaker.
"To have Brando in your name—f--kin' hell, man!" he told GQ in January. "He's got a lot to live up to, that kid. But he'll live up to it."
Barry added, "He has to have that leather jacket and rock-star attitude, you know what I mean? He'll have a motorbike when he's 12, I think."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.