Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
She's working late because she's dropping jaws on the Met Gala red carpet. The 24-year-old pop starlet walked hand-in-hand with boyfriend Barry Keoghan in their red carpet debut. 


		By Nicole Fell, Erin Lassner 

	May 6, 2024 7:00pm	



	Gen Z “It” girl Sabrina Carpenter had her belle of the ball moment on Monday’s Met Gala red carpet.

	The 24-year-old “Espresso” singer, known for her flirty, feminine style, stepped out in an elegant black-bodice ball gown with a dreamy pastel and white skirt by Oscar de la Renta, according to Vogue. 



	The pop starlet opted for a fresh, glowing makeup look by celebrity makeup artist Carolina Gonzalez. According to a release, the inspiration for the look was “delicately fierce.” Carpenter and Gonzalez also used Cetaphil cleanser, eye serum, face serum and hydrating lotion for her skin prep, paired with Cetaphil lotion on her body. 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	Lifestyle
			



	
		
					The Hottest New Timepieces from Watches & Wonders, from a Brand-New Rolex to the IWC Brad Pitt Wears in 'F1		
			














	
	News
			



	
		
					Fashion Designer Riccardo Tisci Accused of Drugging, Sexually Assaulting New York Man in Legal Complaint		
			








	The classic ensemble wasn’t the only thing that had people talking at the event. Carpenter was joined by boyfriend Barry Keoghan for their red carpet debut as a couple. Although it’s the couple’s first official red carpet appearance, they attended Vanity Fair’s Oscars Party together. Back in March, Keoghan was spotted at the Singapore leg of Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour, on which Carpenter was an opener. The pair also shared a cheeky, flirty moment at Carpenter’s recent Coachella performance. 

	Sabrina Carpenter previously graced the Met Gala red carpet at 2022’s event In America: An Anthology of Fashion. With a dress code set as “Gilded Glamour and White Tie,” she rocked a silver and gold two-piece sequin and rhinestone set by Julien Dossena at Paco Rabanne. 

	This year’s dress code, “The Garden of Time,” takes its cue from the 1962 short story of the same name by J.G. Ballard, which dovetails nicely with the latest Metropolitan Museum of Art Costume Institute exhibition, Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion, which opens to the public on Friday, May 10. The Andrew Bolton-curated show spotlights fragile pieces from the institute’s archives, all viewed through a lens of nature. The exhibit’s coffee table book will be released on June 18. Read more of The Hollywood Reporter’s Met Gala coverage here.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.