The Short n' Sweet hitmaker found herself in a now-going-viral TikTok clip that was filmed on a Soho street in New York on album release day.

													By
												

	Ashley Iasimone


	“Are you on live?” Sabrina Carpenter asked Judi Jupiter, a stranger filming her on a Soho street in New York City on Friday (Aug. 23), the release day of her new album Short n’ Sweet. 

	The “Taste” singer raised her eyebrows high and widened her eyes when she got the answer: “Yeah.”

	Carpenter — who’s had an opening spot on The Eras Tour, has had a No. 1 song on the Hot 100, got actress Jenna Ortega to co-star in her latest music video, and just this week had interviews airing with Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show, Zane Lowe for Apple Music, and Amelia Dimoldenberg on an episode of Chicken Shop Date — could’ve politely made an exit. She likely had a busy day ahead.

	










	Instead she stopped on the corner of Spring Street for an impromptu Q&A with Jupiter, who encouraged the (unbeknownst to her) pop star to promote her social media handles on camera so the street interviewer could share with followers on her up-and-coming channel, @judijupiter. (Carpenter has more than 22 million followers on TikTok and nearly 39 million on Instagram; Jupiter has a little over 20,000 TikTok followers, a number that should continue to rise after this chance encounter.)




			Trending on Billboard		






	“This is so cool. What’s your account?” asked Carpenter, curious enough to start coming up with the questions.

	“Judi with an ‘I’ Jupiter,” Jupiter said.

	“What kind of content do you–“

	“I do really cool people in Soho. All the hot girls in Soho, and in Fire Island,” said Jupiter, who’d spotted Carpenter as she stopped for quick photo opps with fans passing by.

	“Oh! I feel honored,” said Carpenter, seemingly fascinated by Jupiter. As it turns out, she should be: Judi Jupiter was part of the late ’70s nightlife in Manhattan, at go-go bars and the famed Studio 54, where she says she became an in-house photographer.

	The next part of their unplanned convo on Friday in New York went like this:

	“You’re spectacular. Did you just come out with an album?”

	“I did. Today.”

	“What’s the name of it?”

	“It’s called Short n’ Sweet.”

	“By?”

	“Sabrina Carpenter. Me.”

	Jupiter, as though she was discovering a new talent to share, later suggested Carpenter “say hi to my followers.”

	“Hi to your followers,” Carpenter said, then directed her attention back to her latest interviewer: “I’m obsessed with you, honestly.”

	










	Watch a clip of their TikTok Live below (saved on a tweet circulating X), and see the original recording on @judijupiter’s TikTok right here.
Sabrina Carpenter interacts with content creator on Live while in SoHo, NYC. pic.twitter.com/Cq2x5EljZG
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.