(Getty Images (3))
Sabrina Carpenter knows how to work a red carpet. From Disney Channel premieres to awards shows and concerts, the singer-actress can dress well for any occasion. The young star’s style has definitely evolved since her first red carpet in 2012 to her most recent looks now.
The “Skin” singer is well known for her role as spunky Maya Hart in the Disney show Girl Meets World, the spinoff series from the classic ‘90s TV show Boy Meets World. She also starred in the Disney Channel movie Adventures in Babysitting alongside Sophia Carson.
“There is such a sweet memory of going through puberty with these people,” the Disney alum shared when discussing Girl Meets World‘s final season during a 2017 appearance on The Zach Sang Show. “They’ve seen your best and worst days and you’ve learned so much from these people. I was there five days a week, from morning until night and you really get to know those people as family.”
Since her Disney days, the blonde actress has been very busy with her music career, along with acting in a few Netflix movies such as Work It, Tall Girl and Tall Girl 2. She also starred in the film The Hate U Give.
In the movie Work It, the Disney alum was able to show off some of her dance moves, which she’s been working on since she was a kid growing up in her hometown. “I loved the character of Quinn and I wanted to do a dance movie for a really long time, because I grew up in Pennsylvania dancing five or six days a week. That was a big part of my life when was younger,” the actress shared with Elle.
The blonde beauty is most passionate when she speaks about her music career and performing, though. She has released four albums since 2016 and continues to release singles for her fans. “Performing for people is something I’ve always wanted to do. I just couldn’t imagine doing anything else.” Sabrina Carpenter said in a GQ interview.
“I’m trying to get back on the road as soon as possible as that’s what I love,” continued the actress. “I was always performing as a child, anytime there was a stage or an elevated hill that I could pretend was a stage, I was straight to it… I think there’s just an energy that you can’t really get anywhere else after doing a show. I still get my nerves here and there.”
Scroll through our gallery to see Sabrina’s red carpet evolution over the years!
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
1 of 24
Photo by Picture Perfect/Shutterstock
Sabrina’s first red carpet was for Sofia the First, and just look how cute she looks!
2 of 24
Photo by Sara Jaye/Shutterstock
The young actress looks like a queen in green!
3 of 24
Photo by Broadimage/Shutterstock
We love this plaid moment on Sabrina.
4 of 24
Photo by Paul A Hebert/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
Can’t go wrong with a classy black dress!
5 of 24
Photo by John Salangsang/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
The Disney actress looks gorgeous at the Radio Disney Music Awards.
6 of 24
Photo by Broadimage/Shutterstock
Wowza! The actress strutted her stuff on the Emmys red carpet.
7 of 24
Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
Loving this sleeveless dress on the young star!
8 of 24
Photo by Broadimage/Shutterstock
Sabrina looks stunning in this all red jumpsuit.
9 of 24
Photo by Matt Baron/Shutterstock
Obsessed with this black lip!
10 of 24
Photo by Matt Baron/Shutterstock
The singer looks like an angel in this white dress at the MTV Video Music Awards.
11 of 24
Photo by Broadimage/Shutterstock
This iconic suit moment that Sabrina gave us at the People’s Choice Awards still has us screaming.
12 of 24
Photo by Matt Baron/Shutterstock
Still thinking about this look the Girl Meets World star gave us at the Billboard Music Awards.
13 of 24
Photo by Chelsea Lauren/Shutterstock
Sabrina knows how to rock a suit! Here she is at the Tall Girl premiere.
14 of 24
Photo by Kristina Bumphrey/StarPix/Shutterstock
Obsessed with this white dress.
15 of 24
Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP/Shutterstock
The young star looks like a Disney princess in this gorgeous gown with a black hair bow to match!
16 of 24
Photo by Matt Baron/Shutterstock
Pretty in pink! Sabrina steps out in this stunning two-piece set.
17 of 24
Matt Baron/BEImages/Shutterstock
Sabrina showed some skin in this stunning look at the VMAs.
18 of 24
Shutterstock
Sabrina was dripping in silver in this Oscar de la Renta two-piece set she wore to the American Music Awards.
19 of 24
Shutterstock
The “nonsense” singer looked pretty in pink at Paris Fashion Week.
20 of 24
(Photo by Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for The Recording Academy)
Pretty in red! Sabrina stunned at the MusiCares Person Of The Year ceremony.
21 of 24
(Photo by Taylor Hill/Getty Images)
Sabrina attended the 2024 Vanity Fair Oscar Party — and we’re obsessed with her dress!
22 of 24
Getty Images
Sabrina or Alice in Wonderland? The singer looked flawless at the Met Gala this year!
23 of 24
Getty Images
She was giving Madonna vibes at the MTV VMAs.
24 of 24
Getty Images
This pale blue dress was a moment at the Grammys.
#ShippingIt This Theory Proves KJ Apa and Sabrina Carpenter Are Meant to Date
Epic Duo Disney Stars Sabrina Carpenter and Paris Berelc Are Starring in a Movie Together
Forever Jealous Sabrina Carpenter Reveals She Once Met A Shirtless Zac Efron
So Exciting Sabrina Carpenter Confirms Her 'Singular: Act II' Album Is Coming Soon
Get Ready Sabrina Carpenter and Liza Koshy Are Starring in a New Dance Comedy Together
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved