Getty Images
It’s that me Espress-ho, ho ho.
Sabrina Carpenter is releasing a holiday special on Netflix called A Nonsense Christmas With Sabrina Carpenter, and the guest line-up is pretty spectacular.
“This is really gonna jingle your bells,” the streaming platform originally announced on September 19. “A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter — her first-ever holiday special — features unexpected duets and comedic guests you will not want to miss!”
Keep reading for everything we know about her upcoming special.
A Nonsense Christmas With Sabrina Carpenter will be released on Netflix on December 6, 2024.
Sabrina is producing A Nonsense Christmas alongside OBB Pictures under her At Last Productions banner.
“Sabrina’s vision to subvert the classic holiday special has been clear since day one,” said Michael D. Ratner, executive producer and founder/CEO of OBB Media, to Netflix. “At OBB, we partner with the world’s most captivating artists to reimagine the expected, and we’re proud of the work by our entire team and want to highlight Simone Spira, the Volara team, Sam Wrench, Nikki Boella and all involved that brought Sabrina’s vision to life on Netflix.”
The holiday special will have Sabrina performing songs from her 2023 holiday EP fruitcake, along with holiday covers. It will also feature some guest performing artists, comedic cameos and some unexpected duets.
“The holidays have always been so special to me,” Sabrina told Netflix. “I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show — infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”
Sabrina gave a glimpse into the upcoming special with a teaser posted on November 19, which featured some huge names — both in the music and Hollywood! See below for the complete guest lineup:
Musical guests:
Chappell Roan
Kali Uchis
Shania Twain
Tyla
Special guests:
Nico Hiraga
Quinta Brunson
Cara Delevingne
Kyle Mooney
Megan Stalter
Sean Astin
Owen Thiele
Jillian Bell
Love J-14? Be sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel for fun, exclusive videos with your favorite stars.
J-14 has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
J-14 is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved