Sabrina Carpenter knows you’re talking about her hair. Apparently, Sabrina Carpenter’s bouncy blonde blowout looks so good throughout her Short n’ Sweet Tour performances that the internet has started investigating her secret.
Is she wearing a wig or some kind of hairpiece? Extensions? While some TikTok users have used the discourse to discuss the protective value of wigs for performers, others have treated Carpenter’s hair like some kind of unsolved mystery, dissecting various video angles and adding conspiracy-theory music to their breakdowns.
Sabrina Carpenter hasn’t answered fans’ burning question directly but she’s very aware of the conversation. On October 6, the 25-year-old singer reposted comedian Megan Stalter’s video titled, “You guys talking about Sabrina Carpenter’s hair.”
“Babe, I can’t tell if she’s wearing a hairpiece,” Stalter seems to tell a disinterested partner off camera before trying to break down the confusion. “She’s so hot from the concert, so I’m like, Okay, she’s probably wearing a wig,” she explains. “But then I was like, The bangs. So the bangs look so real. So I was like, Okay, maybe it’s just a hairpiece…. Then there’s this picture of her at the gas station the next day, and her hair looked like a little bit—well, it’s, it’s still beautiful and thick, but it’s like, it’s not like, sort of like just laying like…Baby?”
By sharing the video, Carpenter appears to be saying, “Yes, this is how many of y’all sound right now.”
This post comes less than a week after Sabrina Carpenter’s more forceful response to accusations that she wasn’t singing live during her tour. “Hate to say it but 30% lip singing, 30% backing track, 40% singing,” one TikTok user wrote over a video of Carpenter performing “Please Please Please.”
Her hips don’t lie.
Carpenter may not feel it necessary to confirm or deny rumors about her hair, but she’s not going to let anyone doubt her vocal abilities. “I sing live at every show 100%,” the “Good Graces” singer replied in the comments, per PopBase. “Would you like to speak to my audio engineers?”
Guys, it’s not that complicated. You should stay in her good graces.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices