The music industry has been seeing many new releases and tours by a variety of artists. Charli XCX took over the summer with her album, “BRAT,” and Sabrina Carpenter is making a huge jump with her first big tour. Billie Eilish is also on tour for “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT.” 
These women are only a couple examples of how women are currently growing as artists and taking over the music industry. Female artists are embracing many different images of what it means to be a woman. Women are bringing so much creativity to the industry. Many female artists are embracing pop tunes in full force, and each artist brings a different perspective to their music. 
Sabrina Carpenter has adopted an image of sweetness while also embracing her sexuality as a 25-year-old woman. Her album “Short n’ Sweet” speaks about love and confidence on multiple levels. She has also held a 6-week long streak of having three songs in the Billboard Hot 100s top 10 and is the first woman to accomplish this. She is currently on her “Short n’ Sweet” tour, with most shows completely sold out. On Sept. 29, she performed at Madison Square Garden for another sold-out show. 
Charli XCX has also brought forth confidence accompanied by vulnerability. “BRAT” took over the summer with tunes like “365” and “Girl, so confusing.” Her lyrics discuss some of the trials of womanhood and love, but also being confident. She is now on tour with Troye Sivan for the Sweat Tour, performing a variety of their songs in shows. 
Charli XCX is also releasing a new version of “BRAT” with features on different songs from artists such as Ariana Grande and Bon Iver. Carpenter and Charli XCX both know how to channel confidence in their songs while also leaving room for depth and emotionality. 
Billie Eilish has been transforming music since she was a teenager, and she is now on tour for her newest album, “HIT ME HARD AND SOFT.” The album brings forward a lot of new sounds and she discusses her sexuality much more than she has in the past. Eilish is known for her eerie aesthetic and quieter tunes brought forth by her softer voice. Her sound varies a lot, whether it’s more electronic or pop, energetic and confident, or solemn and slow.
Tyla announced that this Friday she will be releasing the deluxe version of her self-titled album. The Grammy-winning artist is another example of growth and empowerment in the industry. At only 22 years old, she was the youngest South African artist to win a Grammy. 
She also won her first MTV Video Music award in September and spoke about African music and the diversity it holds. Her songs embrace her beautiful voice, as well as many different blended music styles. Tyla uses her voice for advocacy and has grown so much as an artist for being such a young star.
Tate McRae embraces her pop abilities and dance skills on and off stage. Her release of “It’s ok I'm ok” and its music video demonstrated her confidence and creativity. McRae knows how to perform for a crowd and create a music video people want to watch.
These female artists are only a few examples of why women are growing in the music industry today. They create songs that embrace real emotions while bringing joy and creativity to their work. Whether they are songwriting or touring across the country, they always bring what their fans want to see while putting their personality into it. 
Kyra Dapore is a junior studying journalism at Ohio University. Please note that the views and opinions of the columnists do not reflect those of The Post. Want to talk more about it? Let Kyra know by emailing her at kd364521@ohio.edu.