By
Alex Hopper
Updated: 
At the 2024 MTV Video Music Awards, Sabrina Carpenter is slated to play the main stage. After the kind of year she has had, is it any wonder she cinched such a gig? It’s one big step up from her slot at the 2023 VMAs, where she played the slightly less prestigious pre-show. Though her performance of two of her biggest hits at the time, “Nonsense” and “Feather,” was impressive enough, we can only imagine what she will do with a primetime placement. 
While we wait to see what kind of magic Carpenter drums up at the 2024 VMAs, let’s take a look back at her pre-show performance, below. 
[RELATED: The Best Sabrina Carpenter “Nonsense” Outros, From Clever to Cringey to Purely Unhinged]
If there is one thing Carpenter is becoming known for, it’s her powerful stage presence. She’s impossible to not watch when she’s underneath a spotlight, singing one of her many hits. After watching her pre-show performance at the VMAs, it’s no wonder she got an even bigger gig the following year. 
It feels so goodNot carin’ where you are tonightAnd it feels so goodNot pretendin’ to like the wine you like
Well, I slam the door, I hit ignoreI’m saying, “No, no, no, no more”I got you blocked, excited to never talk, II’m so sorry for your loss
Carpenter starts off the performance with a black and white retro motif–something she is no stranger to. She boasted heavenly vocals while singing through the ultimate breakup anthem, “Feather.” Not only were her vocals pitch perfect, but her choreography and flirty persona were top tier as well. Can someone say triple threat? 
Think I only want one number in my phoneI might change your contact to “Don’t Leave Me Alone”You said you like my eyes, you like to make ’em rollTreat me like a queen, now you got me feelin’ thrown, oh
I’ll be honestLookin’ at you got me thinkin’ nonsenseCartwheels in my stomach when you walk inAnd when you got your arms around me
As “Feather” came to a close, Carpenter transitioned into her playful hit “Nonsense.” The tongue-in-cheek track helped to put Carpenter on the map. Naturally, it deserved a moment at one of her biggest performances to date (at least at the time). 
She switched up the pacing–and the color scheme–with this track. While “Feather” is a song about feeling relieved after the end of a relationship, “Nonsense” is about diving head first into infatuation. And, of course, Carpenter had to add in a suggestive, MTV-centric outro: He said that it’s bigger than a Moonman / Guess that means I’m holdin’ it with two hands / VMAs, I love you, I’m a huge fan. 
Revisit the performance, below. 
(Photo by Jason Kempin/Getty Images for MTV)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand