The singer also shared she has a surprise coming this Thursday (June 6)
Sabrina Carpenter has announced her brand new album ‘Short N’ Sweet’. Check out the details below.
The ‘Nonsense’ singer took to her official social media accounts to reveal her forthcoming sixth studio album. She also shared the album cover which features a photo of her in front of a royal blue backdrop with a lipstick stain on her shoulder.
“‘Short n’ Sweet’ MY NEW ALBUM IS COMING OUT AUGUST 23rd! This project is quite special to me and I hope it’ll be something special to you too. You can preorder it now!” read the caption of her post.
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
She also shared that a surprise is coming on Thursday (June 6) for which fans should “keep an eye out!!”. ‘Short N’ Sweet’ is set for release on August 23 via Island Records and can be pre-ordered / pre-saved here.
Recently, the singer responded to the BBC after she was allegedly told to keep her performance “PG” at their Radio 1’s Big Weekend 2024 festival, which took place on Sunday (May 26) at Stockwood Park, Luton.
During the outro of her single ‘Nonsense’, Carpenter adlibbed by mentioning BBC by name: “BBC said I should keep it PG / BBC I wish I had it in me”, during which she gestured with her hand before singing “There’s a double meaning if you dig deep” and blowing a kiss to the crowd.
During the intro of her performance, she thanked fans for keeping her smash hit ‘Espresso’ atop the UK Singles Chart, where it has stayed at Number One for an entire month. Last week (May 24), it remained in its position and beat Billie Eilish’s ‘LUNCH’.
“What the hell was that about, you guys?” she said in a tongue-in-cheek intro. “I was really concerned because I was like, ‘Surely the UK only drinks tea. They would never drink Espresso.’”
Elsewhere Carpenter joined Coldplay in a duet of the band’s song ‘Magic’. Prior to that performance, Chris Martin sang “that’s that me espresso” at the end of Coldplay’s hit ‘Fix You’ in reference to Carpenter’s single.
‘Espresso’ has also gained a fan in Adele, who hailed it as “my jam” and that she found herself singing the song while getting into bed. Carpenter responded with a tweet: “All i read was Adele thinks about me in bed <3.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.