By SARAH SOTOODEH FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:48, 2 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:47, 2 December 2024   
 12
View  comments
Camila Cabello gave a candid interview with Nylon magazine, touching on her on/off boyfriend Shawn Mendes and appearing to allude to Sabrina Carpenter - whom he dated briefly after Camila.
The pop star, 27, also reflected on her time in the girl group Fifth Harmony, noting that 'conflict resolution' was something needed in that scenario.
Camila and Shawn dated from 2019 until 2021 and briefly reconciled in April 2023 after reuniting at Coachella until they split again in June 2023; he dated Sabrina from January 2023 to April 2023.
While she didn't name drop either in the Nylon interview, she did say that she wrote the sexually charged song June Gloom about a love interest dating a new person and Camila asking a NSFW question in the song about the new girl - about someone she had just 'hung out with' - meaning Shawn.
As she's gotten older, Camila has looked back at her time - 2012 to 2016 with the band - with compassion.
She explained that she doesn't know if the anxiety she felt from her time in the group stemmed from being a teenager or if it was in fact 'more than a person should bear.' 
Camila Cabello gave a candid interview with Nylon magazine , touching on her on/off boyfriend Shawn Mendes and appearing to allude to Sabrina Carpenter - whom he dated briefly after Camila.
The star showed off short tresses in the photoshoot for the magazine, rocking barely there bodysuits and thigh-high boots
The star showed off short tresses in the photoshoot for the magazine, rocking barely there bodysuits and thigh-high boots.
Camila did not name Shawn or Sabrina on her album C, XOXO but she did write a number of songs about him - with Sabrina also referred to in the song June Gloom.
In the song, Camila - who wrote all the songs on the album - sings about their on/off relationship: 'Is this gonna ever end? / I guess I'll f**k around and find out.'
She alludes to Sabrina with the lyric: 'She's cool, I heard/ Won't act surprised I saw the pictures,' before asking a very sexually explicit question about her.
Camila released her album C, XOXO on June 28, 2024.
Soon after, Sabrina released a cheeky song about Camila and Shawn called Taste, released on her new album Short n' Sweet on August 23, 2024 - with the pop star even casting Jenna Ortega to star in the music video.
Sabrina's song talks about being the rebound for someone who returns to their ex - with her 'taste' still on him.
'I heard you're back together and if that's true / You'll just have to taste me when he's kissin you,' Sabrina sings.
The pop star, 27, also reflected on her time in the girl group Fifth Harmony, noting that 'conflict resolution' was something needed in that scenario
Camila wowed in white thigh-high boots for another busty snap
The star was ready for her close up in another image from the shoot
The star posed on a couch in a plunging dress
Camila donned sheer tights with a blazer and dress in another image
Camila told the magazine she wrote June Gloom 'after I had hung out [with the song's subject].'
Adding: 'I went into the studio the next day and said, "Jasper, can you play me some beats?" He was like "This one, this one," and he skipped over "June Gloom." I was like "Oh wait! Go back!"' 
She revealed she kicked Jasper out of the studio as she wrote the song, because - she explained - she knew she was going to be 'intimate' and didn't 'want anybody [there]' and didn't 'want to be singing about feeling super horny, but then like this guy is right here,' she said.
'I wrote it so fast because to me, everything is so personal. I was like, "I'm writing this for you, b***h!"'
She clarified what she said right after on who she was referring to as b***h: 'Oh. B***h sounds like I'm talking about a girl. I just don't want them to think its me being like girl-versus-girl. Can we say, "It's about you, motherf*****." 
On her time with Fifth Harmony, Camila said that she struggled 'more than' a normal teenager should.
Reflecting on her time in the girl group -which was created on The X Factor in 2012 - Camila said her anxiety  'was more than a person should bear [in that situation].'
Adding: 'I think conflict resolution is really important, especially when it comes to a group. Those are skills you don't have when you're 16 years old. How do you deal with being left out?'
'How do you deal with jealously? How do you deal with these things without hurting yourself or other people.' 
Britney Spears called Camila her 'girl crush' on her Instagram in October; she was a judge on X Factor when Camila was a contestant.
'All I want to do is make Britney Spears laugh,' Camila said. 
On people comparing her new sound for C, XOXO to Charli XCX, Camila said it stung, because she says people weren't listening to the music.
The star said she is a big fan of Charli XCX but there is 'more to the album' than just hyperpop. 
Camila said her album C,XOXO was something she could hear the sounds of in her head, and also see it too, explaining that it was a 'velvety blue, pink, purple, lavender,' calling those colors her 'essence.'
The star sported ripped up tights with booty shorts and a leather blazer 
The singer had chin-length hair in the photo shoot
Another image featured Camila with her finger on her lips
Camila and Shawn dated from 2019 until 2021 and briefly reconciled in April 2023 after reuniting at Coachella until they split again in June 2023; he dated Sabrina from January 2023 to April 2023; pictured in Newark, NJ in August 2019
Camila added that the album feels 'like what it is to be a Pisces.' 
Camila is featured on the latest issue of Nylon, which will be released on Friday, December 6. 
She was photographed by Ryan Saradjola, styled by EJ Briones, hair by Danielle Priano, makeup by Patrick Ta, Set designer Elaine Winter, manicure by Pika.
Production by Jung Kim, Talent Bookings by Special Projects, Video by Devin O'Neill and Konstantin Yel, Photo Director Alex Pollack, Editor in Chief Lauren McCarthy, SVP Fashion Tiffany Reid and SVP Creative Karen Hibbert. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group