NEW YORK, NEW YORK - MAY 06:  (L-R) Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter attend The 2024 Met Gala Celebrating "Sleeping Beauties: Reawakening Fashion" at The Metropolitan Museum of Art on May 06, 2024 in New York City. ( (Photo by Kevin Mazur/MG24/Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue)Getty Images for The Met Museum/Vogue
Irish actor Barry Keoghan has deactivated his Instagram account after receiving troubling messages. 
The "Saltburn" star, 32, announced the news on X on Saturday after heavy speculation surrounding his relationship with his young son and his breakup with pop star Sabrina Carpenter. 
After Keoghan and his ex-girlfriend Alyson Sandro welcomed their son, Brando, 2, in August 2022, they broke up the following summer. Keoghan then began dating Carpenter, which caused an enormous amount of backlash for the actor. 
Now that Carpenter and Keoghan have split, rumors have been swirling that the fresh breakup was due to Keoghan cheating. 
As a result, the backlash has seemingly caused Keoghan to leave the social media platform. 
“I can only sit and take so much. My name has been dragged across the internet in ways I usually don’t respond to,” Keoghan wrote on X. “I have to respond now because it’s getting to a place where there are too many lines being crossed. I deactivated my account because I can no longer let this stuff distract from my family and my work.”
“The messages I have received no person should ever have to read them,” he continued. “Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent and every other inhumane thing you can imagine.”
In some instances, Keoghan noted that the harassment has exceeded social media speculation by “dragging my dear mother into it” and went as far as “knocking on his granny’s door” and “sitting outside my baby boy’s house.” 
“Each and every day I work harder to push myself on every level to be the healthiest and strongest person for that boy,” Keoghan continued. “I want to provide opportunities for him to learn, fail and grow. I want him to be able to look up to his daddy, to have full trust in me and know I will have his back no matter what. I need you to [remember] he has to read ALL of this about his father when he is older. 
“Please be respectful to all. Thank u x,” he concluded. 
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices