By
Chris Piner
Back in 1997, Shania Twain prepared to release her third studio album called Come On Over. While the album featured hits like “Man! I Feel Like A Woman” and “From This Moment On”, Twain also produced another hit on the album with “That Don’t Impress Me Much.” Taking over the airwaves, the album reached No. 2 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart and sold over 40 million albums. Continuing to be a classic in her discography, Twain recently praised Sabrina Carpenter for covering “That Don’t Impress Me Much” during her concert in Canada. 
Helming her Short n’ Sweet Tour, Carpenter traveled to Toronto, Canada, and decided it was the perfect time and place to honor Twain. Although Carpenter appeared to perform a different cover during each concert, it seemed that her performance of “That Don’t Impress Me Much” was more than coincidence given that Twain grew up in Ontario, Canada. 
With the video shared on social media, Carpenter’s performance gained over 500,000 views with fans commenting, “Now that impresses me.” Another person added, “Sabrina Carpenter channeling her inner Shania—now that impresses me much!”
While receiving love from fans is always great, nothing compares to when Twain broke her silence to compliment the singer. Speaking with ET, she said, “It’s just a huge compliment. I mean she is such a talented person. You know, she really understands all about what’s going on behind the scenes. She’s smart.” Twain continued with, “It’s a complement to have her, I mean, not that she’s paying homage, she’s just a fan of the music, and she’s showing it and sharing it. So, that feels great.”
[RELATED: Shania Twain Talks Stage Fright Concerns Ahead of People’s Choice Country Awards Hosting Gig]
Although launching her tour just a few days ago, Carpenter has already performed a few covers. Outside of her tribute to Twain, the singer also honored ABBA by performing “Mamma Mia.” She even covered “Kiss Me” by Sixpence None the Richer.
Besides kicking off her tour, Carpenter also released her sixth studio album, Short n’ Sweet, back in August. And with the tour supporting her new album, it also marked her first arena tour in her music career, proving that her stardom is only growing. 
(Photo by Jason Davis/WireImage)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand