By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:52, 26 June 2024   |  Updated:  05:15, 26 June 2024   
 35
View  comments
Ava Phillippe's social media was flooded with fans calling her a dead ringer for both of her famous parents after she posted a TikTok video of herself earlier this month.
The 24-year-old daughter of actors Reese Witherspoon, 48, and Ryan Phillippe, 49, shared a clip of herself showing off her natural beauty as fans marveled at her parents' genetics.
In the clip, Ava stood in front of a plain white wall and was lip syncing to the viral line from the chorus in Sabrina Carpenter's newest single Please Please Please. 
The social media personality — who has been celebrating Pride Month as she marked two years since she opened up about her sexuality — wore a black scoop neck camisole, which she teamed with a statement belt and a multitude of layered necklaces.  
Her strawberry blonde hair was styled in bouncy beach waves and she rocked a warm brown smokey eye with a rosy pink lip.
Ava Phillippe's social media was flooded with fans calling her a dead ringer for both of her famous parents after she posted a TikTok video of herself earlier this month
-The 24-year-old daughter of actors Reese Witherspoon, 48, and Ryan Phillippe, 49, shared a clip of herself showing off her natural beauty as fans marveled at her parents' genetics
The TikTok video showed her making sassy expressions and smirking as she sang the lyrics: 'Heartbreak is one thing / my ego's another / I bet you, don't embarrass me motherf***er.' 
'Spelling it out for the ones who still wanna try...' she wrote underneath the clip alongside a red lipstick mark and warning sign emoji. 
In the comments section of her June 10th post, TikTok users praised both of her parents' genetics.
Meanwhile, the Legally Blonde actress showcased her incredible figure in a low-cut, one-piece swimsuit while lounging on a boat in Italy last week. 
Ava's parents, Witherspoon and Phillippe, were together for nearly a decade and married from 1999 to 2008.
In addition to Ava, the former couple also welcomed son Deacon Phillippe, 20, before they announced their separation in October 2006 after seven years of marriage.
Witherspoon is also mom to 11-year-old son Tennessee, whom she shares with her ex-husband Jim Toth.  
Fans flooded Ava's TikTok post with comments about the uncanny similarities she shares with her parents.
In the clip, Ava stood in front of a plain white wall and was lip syncing to the viral line from the chorus in Sabrina Carpenter's newest release Please Please Please
The TikTok video showed her making sassy expressions and smirking as she sang the lyrics: 'Heartbreak is one thing / my ego's another / I bet you, don't embarrass me motherf***er.' 'Spelling it out for the ones who still wanna try...' she wrote underneath the clip alongside a red lipstick mark and warning sign emoji
In the comments section of her June 10th post, TikTok users praised both of her parents' genetics
Ava seen with Reese (left) in April  
'That last look was your dad's signature Cruel Intentions smirk,' one social media user wrote. 
'Insane you can look just like both parents at the same time,' another added. 
'This started as Reese and ended as Ryan,' a fan said.
Another TikTok user commented: '100 percent Ryan but also 100 percent Reese this is crazy lol.
'How does a person look exactly like 2 diff people... wild,' one wrote.
'You always look like your mom until this video. That face at the end was 100% your dad. Beautiful!
In addition to Ava, the former couple also welcomed son Deacon Phillippe, 20, together
Ava's parents, Witherspoon and Phillippe, were together for nearly a decade and married from 1999 to 2008; seen in August 1998
They announced their separation in October 2006 after seven years of marriage when Witherspoon filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences; seen in July 2001
'I've said it from day one....you look exactly like dad and Deacon looks like mom,' another TikTok user added. 
'Reese and Ryan's genetics stay one upping each other,' another TikTokker penned.
'Winning the face lottery with your parents. A complete toss up on who you look like more,' one commented.
'How do you look exactly like both of your parents? I mean, it makes sense but it doesn't,' one person shared.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group