During the 2024 Met Gala, X, formerly known as Twitter, had much to discuss. From the celebrity looks, to the guest list, to Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan’s official hard-launch, ahead are the best Tweets about fashion’s biggest night. 
Admit it, most Met Gala viewers were judging the stars’ couture dresses while watching in sweatpants from their bedrooms. And there is nothing wrong with that!
Viewers attended the Met Gala in spirit.
And of course, the internet continued to make jokes about Jason Derulo falling down the Met stairs, which, no, never actually happened.
Fans were happy to see Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan officially hard-launch their relationship after separately walking the red carpet. One user suggested the idea that their outfits were inspired by Alice and the Mad Hatter from Alice Through the Looking Glass.
The inspiration is clear now, but at first it looked a bit like Keoghan just wrapped up a performance of Hamilton, one user joked. 
Carpenter’s hit song “Espresso” was also on everyone’s minds last night.
Co-chair Bad Bunny looked great, but now that somebody pointed out what the red stripes on the inside of his legs look like, it’s hard to unsee.
The internet poked fun at attendees’ ensembles, like when this person said Rebecca Ferguson looked like she was sneaking snacks into the movie theater.
Another compared her look to a barber shop cape. 
In some ways, Jennie from BLACKPINK did look a bit like Maddie from Euphoria, like this tweet says. 
And with her jet-black bob, Euphoria star Sydney Sweeney did resemble Billie Eilish, so this user wasn’t alone. Another even said she looked like Carly Rae Jepsen. 
The guest list was also critiqued. If Lily from Modern Family had been invited, it would’ve been over for everyone else. 
One user posted a black-and-white photo of Zendaya and Bad Bunny in their looks, joking, “On this day in 1929 Diego Rivera and Frida Kahlo were married, this is the only surviving photograph.” 
The Idea of You star Nicholas Galitzine really missed his chance to dress like Harry Styles, one of the inspirations for his character in the film.
And once again, the world was reminded of AI’s scary advancements after a fake photo of Katy Perry at the gala went viral. (She didn’t even attend this year.)
67 Celebrities at Their Very First Met Gala
Everything We Know About the 2025 Met Gala
Why Zendaya Will Be Doing the Met Gala Differently
Why Gisele Bündchen Is Skipping the 2025 Met Gala
Why Justin and Hailey Bieber Skipped the Met Gala
Gigi Hadid Goes Retro in a Floral White Dress
Why Selena Gomez Skipped the Met Gala
See Sabrina Carpenter‘s Met Gala After-Party Look
How Rachel Zegler Got Ready for the 2024 Met Gala
Ariana Grande and Cynthia Erivo Duet at the Met
Kim K Explains Why She Wore a Cardigan to the Met
Why Jenna Ortega Skipped the 2024 Met Gala
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.