Is Jacob Elordi's 'On Swift Horses' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime Video?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Heavenly Ever After' On Netflix, A Charming K-Drama Where An 80-Year-Old Woman Reconnects With Her Suddenly Much Younger Looking Husband In The Afterlife				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'Journey to You' on Hallmark, Where A Workaholic Nurse And A Divorced Single Dad Find Themselves—And Love—On The Camino de Santiago				

					Is 'The Wedding Banquet' 2025 Movie Streaming on Netflix or Amazon Prime?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Exterritorial’ on Netflix, a German Thriller Leaning Hard On Its Crunchy Hand-to-Hand Combat Sequences				

					The Top 10 Movies on Netflix That Are Most Popular Right Now				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Jewel Thief: The Heist Begins’ on Netflix, a Hacky Indian Action Flick That Only Steals Your Precious Time				

					Marvel's 'Thunderbolts*' Review: A Small Superhero Story Offering Huge Hope for the Future of the MCU				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Biggest Fan’ on Netflix, a Mexican Comedy About Celeb Worship Starring Kate del Castillo				

					Will There Be a 'Four Seasons' Season 2? Everything We Know About The Netflix Comedy				

					'The Four Seasons' Welcomes Back Alan Alda In A Special Guest Role				

					R.I.P. Ruth Buzzi: 'Laugh-In' And 'Sesame Street' Alum Dead At 88				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Asterix and Obelix: The Big Fight’ on Netflix, a Fresh and Fun Animated Series in a Long-Running French Franchise				

					Is the 'Sneaks' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Is the 2025 'King Of Kings' Movie Streaming on Netflix or Disney+?				

					Chaotic 'Minecraft Movie' Screenings Have Led To Police Removals Of Rowdy Audience Members				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Promised Hearts’ on Netflix, A Friends-to-Lovers Indonesian Romance About Childhood Friends				

					'The Smashing Machine' Trailer Drops: Could This Score Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson His First Oscar?				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘The Narrow Road To The Deep North’ On Prime Video Where Jacob Elordi Plays A Haunted Prisoner Of War				

					Aimee Carrero On Why Signing Onto 'Your Friends And Neighbors' Was A No-Brainer For Her: "I Love Nothing More Than Subverting A Stereotype"				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					What Time Is Trump on TV Tonight? How To Watch 'President Trump The First 100 Days'				

					Kelly Clarkson Tells Finn Wolfhard All About Her "Horrible" First Kiss: "It Was Like He Was Searching For Something"				

					Idina Menzel Confesses To Andy Cohen On ‘The Kelly Clarkson Show’ About The Time She “Peed” Onstage: “It Was In ‘Wicked’”				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 6 Recap: Sex, Death, and Star Wars				

					Diego Luna Achieves Peak Hottness As Undercover Space Spy Hot Varian Skye  in ‘Andor’ 				

					'Andor' Season 2 Episode 5 Recap: Gimme Fuel, Gimme Fire				

					'Andor' Marries Star Wars With Shakespeare With Forest Whitaker’s Incendiary Ode to Rhydonium: "Revolution is Not For the Sane!"				

					'MobLand' Episode 5 Recap: Funeral Party				

					Stream It Or Skip It: ‘Havoc’ on Netflix, Where Tom Hardy And Timothy Olyphant Are Among Those Shooting At Each Other 				

					'MobLand' Episode 4 Recap: Suspicious Minds				

					'MobLand' Episode 3 Recap: Human Sacrifice				

					'The Last Of Us': Why Did Ellie Leave Coffee Beans On Joel's Grave? The Significance, Explained 				

					Stream It Or Skip It: 'The Eternaut' On Netflix, Where Survivors Band Together When A Toxic Snow Falls On Buenos Aires				

					'The Last of Us' Star Gabriel Luna Explains Why Tommy Isn't There For Joel's Death on the HBO Show: "I Always Thought That Was a Bit Weird"				

					'The Last of Us' Season 2 Episode 3 Recap: Stuck in the Joel Hole				

					Kerry Washington Censored On 'The View' While Gloating About Telling Method Man To "F Off" In 'Shadow Force'				

					Alyssa Farah Griffin Opens Up About "Stressful" Fertility Journey On 'The View'				

					'The View's Whoopi Goldberg Compares Jeremy Renner's Near Death Experience To 'Ghost': "It's Not Just A Movie"				

					Whoopi Goldberg Thinks Trump Is "Getting Even" With America For Not Supporting Him Through His Tariffs And Controversial Policies: "He's Angry At This Country"				

					An Ode to Judy Gemstone, TV's Poet Laureate of Nonsense				

					Walton Goggins Shares The Magic Of Baby Billy Freeman Belting Out "Turn The Other Cheek" In Behind The Scenes Instagram 				

					Walton Goggins Says He's Struggling To Say Goodbye To 'The Righteous Gemstones': "I Am Mourning The Fact That I Don't Get To Play Baby Billy Anymore"				

					Walton Goggins On Getting To Pull Off Some Of Television's Most Absurd Lines In 'The Righteous Gemstones': "Danny McBride Spins Gold"				
In A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter, now streaming on Netflix, you can expect Christmas classics, guest duets, goofy holiday sketches, and cheeky double-entendres inside every wrapped gift on the special’s “Recorded Live In Front of Studio Audience”-style stage. Sabrina Carpenter is the star of the show, of course, but don’t expect “Espresso,” or even her viral hit “Nonsense” – instead, Sabrina performs a few seasonal chestnuts with guests Chappell Roan, Shania Twain, Tyla, and Kali Uchs, appears in a few comedy bits that include notables like Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Quinta Brunson, and Cara Delevingne, and generally hams it up, just in time for Christmas. “So if you’re hot and you’re young and you’re stocking’s well hung…by the chimney with care, it’s the most nonsense time of the year…”
Opening Shot: A close-up of all that Sabrina Carpenter hair as “Buy Me Presents” begins, from her Christmas-themed 2023 EP Fruitcake. The audience cheers as Sabrina, in red satin and black arm gloves, appears on a tiered rostrum to sing.
The Gist: Well, “sing.” A Nonsense Christmas isn’t live, and it’s not really a concert. As a holiday special, it’s not concerned with clarifying what is sung in the moment or what took a few takes to nail. (There are even bloopers at the very end.) But it’s all in good seasonal fun. “If you were a wise man, baby,” Sabrina coos from the stage during “Buy Me Presents,” “you’d drop every other ho ho ho and put me on top” – you get the idea. But she does, too. As she makes a cocktail in a stage setup similar to a sitcom, Sabrina’s intro ends and she welcomes South African pop singer Tyla for a rendition of “Very Special Christmas,” complete with a dance break. It’s kind of a whirlwind, to try and expect what’s next. But to camera, Sabrina says Netflix told her she could do whatever she wants, as long as she went viral.
This is the vibe of Nonsense Christmas – very self-aware, but also very season’s greetings. A sketch featuring Megan Stalter and Owen Thiele, plus Sean Astin in a Santa suit, gives way to Sabrina dueting on “Santa Baby” with Shania Twain, and for the following bit it’s back to the living room stage, where she sings an auto-tuned laugher of a jingle about a brother-in-law she kinda sorta doesn’t know. Even if Kyle Mooney didn’t appear in the sketch as her bro-in-law, it would still feel like something out of Saturday Night Live.
Nonsense Christmas also features Chappell Roan on a nice duet version of the Wham! classic “Last Christmas,” and gets some mileage out of people like Thiele, Mooney, and Cara Delevinge submitting ideas to Sabrina on potential outros to “Nonsense,” something she’s been switching up while out on the road, both as an Eras opener for Taylor Swift and on her own Short n’ Sweet tour. (Nonsense is directed by Sam Wrench, who also helmed the Eras concert film.) Kali Uchis stops by for duet version of “I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus,” Quinta Brunson and Nico Hiraga are funny in a sketch involving the spirits of “Ghosted” past, present, and future, and by the time we get to the final number – shocker, it’s “Nonsense” – Sabrina says she’s happy to have made her special such a fun experience for the whole family. Is that buzzing gift she was handed onstage a massager, or something else? Wink-wink.
What Shows Will It Remind You Of? It’s not about Christmas, but Olivia Rodrigo: Guts World Tour is a damn good time, and features Chappell Roan, too. And the jokes-and-performance feel of Nonsense Christmas had us recalling a left-field holiday experiment out of the COVID era, The LCD Soundsystem Holiday Special.
Our Take: Actually, what Nonsense Christmas proves is that every singer, whether they’ve ever performed on SNL or not, should probably make their own broadly-minded holiday special, complete with jokes. With Sabrina Carpenter herself as its ringleader, Nonsense happily makes a pile of sly Xmas sex jokes, allows all kinds of nods to how improvisational it all ends up feeling – Megan Stalter from Hacks recovers well when her “Tickle Me Elmo” prop during a sketch takes matters into its own hands – and generally has a damn good time with itself. Which is a gift! Christmas specials are perfect vehicles for tradition, and that will never go out of style. This time of year, we need it. But the format is also inherently cheesy, and Sabrina leans into that notion with the participation of her willing troupe of guests. There are a few genuine LOLs, but mostly Nonsense plays to its strengths, which is the juice of celebrity interaction linked to easygoing Christmas season content, further differentiated by a few nicely-appointed Christmas season duets. It’s our contention that Sabrina Carpenter beat all of her professional peers to doing a special with exactly this casual, yet legitimately Christmas-y feel. If Netflix doesn’t sign her to do it again next year, with a new round of guests, they’re leaving money on the table. 
Sex and Skin: Nothing here, but for all of the winking seasonal double-entendres. And we mean all. “I trimmed my tree just for you, so keep my stocking filled.”
Parting Shot: [Sabrina Carpenter voice] “Well here we are my special at its ending/Love you all and thank you for attending/I can’t believe I kept it family-‘friendling’ – Merry Christmas, and to all, a good night. Love, Sabrina Claus.”
Sleeper Star: Shania Twain is a legend, and she’s immediately the star of both the sketch she appears in for Nonsense Christmas, and during the duet on “Santa Baby.” Even Sabrina is starstruck. “I can’t believe you’re here!”
Most Pilot-y Line: Early on, Sabrina Carpenter gives us a little welcome to her own personal musical comedy holiday special. “Welcome to A Nonsense Christmas. You could’ve been anywhere tonight, spending time with family, helping the less fortunate, but instead, you’re here, half watching a big screen while scrolling social media on a smaller screen. And for that, I’m forever grateful.”   
Our Call: Stream It! A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter is having a lot of laughs and fun – and Sabrina herself is having the most fun – but it also brings in a few nice versions of songs for season. And really, it never once takes itself too seriously, which itself is refreshing. Why don’t more celebrities just cut loose and riff on their own branded version of what in another TV era would be called a Christmas variety show?
Johnny Loftus (@glennganges) is an independent writer and editor living at large in Chicagoland. His work has appeared in The Village Voice, All Music Guide, Pitchfork Media, and Nicki Swift.

This story has been shared 3,691 times.
3,691


This story has been shared 2,803 times.
2,803


This story has been shared 1,257 times.
1,257


This story has been shared 1,096 times.
1,096


This story has been shared 836 times.
836


This story has been shared 782 times.
782


This story has been shared 782 times.
782


This story has been shared 693 times.
693


This story has been shared 477 times.
477


This story has been shared 462 times.
462


This story has been shared 456 times.
456


This story has been shared 454 times.
454


This story has been shared 441 times.
441


This story has been shared 317 times.
317


This story has been shared 281 times.
281