It sees the singer share what she’s most excited for at the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad
Sabrina Carpenter has starred in a new advert, promoting the 2024 Paris Olympics. Check it out below.
Made for NBCUniversal, the 60-second clip sees the pop star sitting in a Parisian-style café, surrounded by empty espresso cups and reading a newspaper.
After seemingly drinking too much coffee, she begins to hallucinate and starts a conversation with an imaginary bird, explaining how excited she is for the Games of the XXXIII Olympiad, which will kick off in Paris on July 26.
She tells the bird about all the reasons why she is looking forward to the Olympics – naming the opening ceremony on the Seine, Simon Biles’ comeback, and the USA vs. Australia rivalry in the pool as some of her most anticipated moments.
“I’ve never been more excited about anything in my life,” she concludes, with the people in the cafe looking at her in confusion, and deducting that she has “had too much espresso”.
The ad also includes clips of athletes competing in previous editions and promotional footage filmed at the Universal Studios Lot in 2023, as well as having the singer’s hit song ‘Espresso’ fittingly playing in the background. Check it out below.
“Who better than the star of the summer, Sabrina Carpenter, with her chart-topping single ‘Espresso,’ to get everyone excited about the event of the summer, the Paris Olympics,” said Joseph Lee, SVP, Creative Marketing, Sports & Entertainment (via NBC Sports).
“This is the final spot in our celebrity campaign that has generated unprecedented excitement and buzz for the Olympics.”
Since its release earlier this year, ‘Espresso’ has gone on to become one of the biggest songs of the summer and has been named amongst the most successful songs of 2024 so far – garnering 763,000 combined chart units including 85.7million streams since its release back in April.
It has since been followed up by another hit single, ‘Please, Please, Please’, and both are set to appear on her sixth album ‘Short N Sweet’, set for release on August 23 via Island Records.
Later this year, the pop star will embark on her 2024 North American ‘The Short N’ Sweet Tour’, which will start at the Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio on September 23. It’ll see her make stops in Toronto, New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Orlando, Austin, Dallas, Seattle, Portland, San Francisco and more. Visit here for tickets.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.