By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:36, 22 November 2024   |  Updated:  10:57, 22 November 2024   
 17
View  comments
Jenna Dewan and her daughter Everly, 11, had a blast together over the weekend at Sabrina Carpenter's Short n' Sweet Tour concert at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles.
The proud mom, 43, shared a couple of photos and a short video clip of their girls' night out or, as she captioned her Instagram post: 'GNO.'
Jenna wore a blue and white ringer T-shirt and sparkly strands in her hair while Everly wore a pink and white ringer T-shirt and sparkles on her face.
The mom and daughter duo wore matching red lip gloss and the tween had a temporary tattoo of two cherries on her right arm.
In another pic, the Step Up star kisses her eldest child while she holds a red lollipop close to her mouth.
Jenna also shared a photo of her daughter walking outside of the legendary Forum revealing she wore baggy white cargo pants and a black jacket.
Jenna Dewan and her daughter Everly, 11, had a blast together over the weekend at Sabrina Carpenter's Short n' Sweet Tour concert at the Kia Forum in Los Angeles 
Jenna wore a blue and white ringer t-shirt and sparkly strands in her hair while Everly wore a pink and white ringer t-shirt and sparkles on her face
Jenna shares Everly, or Evie as her parents call her, with her ex-husband Channing Tatum, 44. 
Jenna and Channing — who is newly single — met on the set of Step Up in 2006 and married in 2009 in Malibu.
They separated and filed for divorce in 2018 but their divorce was only finalized recently on September 25, 2024.
At issue were the royalties from the film franchise Magic Mike. 
The Rookie star maintained the money used during their 10-year marriage financed the Magic Mike franchise, which includes two sequels, a reality TV show on HBO called Finding Magic Mike and a live Las Vegas show.
Tatum and the film's director, Steven Soderbergh, co-financed the project. The film was largely based on on Tatum's own earlier experiences as stripper in Florida.
Their $7 million investment turned into a blockbuster, earning $167 million worldwide.
Talks between the exes stalled for years as they fought over the intellectual property and the distribution of money Tatum earns from the successful movie franchise.
The proud mom, 43, shared a couple of photos and a short video clip of their girl's night out or, as she captioned her Instagram post, 'GNO'
The mom of three also recently shared their Western-themed Halloween costumes
Jenna shares Everly, or Evie as her parents call her, with her ex-husband Channing Tatum, 44; the exes seen in 2017
Although details of the settlement are not public, the pair signed a binding judgement that conclusively resolves the dispute.
That means the trial showdown between the battling exes that was scheduled for December is now off.
If Tatum or Dewan have any future disagreements over custody, they have agreed to work it out privately with a judge. 
Both also mutually agreed to waive spousal support from one another.
The agreement comes as Channing's engagement to Zoë Kravitz has been called off and their relationship has ended. 
Jenna is also mom to son Callum, four, and her brand new baby daughter Rhiannon, who was born on June 14, 2024, with her fiancé Steve Kazee, 49.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group