UPDATED 9/3, 12:35 p.m. ET: Travis Scott’s long-beloved Days Before Rodeo mixtape will not bag a No. 1 debut on the Billboard 200 albums chart with its anniversary-timed re-release.
Tuesday, Billboard put an end to the speculation by declaring Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n' Sweet the new holder of the top spot on the weekly albums chart. Carpenter’s album, her sixth, saw a total equivalent album units haul of 362,000 in its first week of availability, per Luminate. 
Days Before Rodeo, meanwhile, earned just over 361,000 units, making this a particularly close week on the Billboard 200. Lainey Wilson, whose Whirlwind was among the other albums released last Friday, is also presumably in celebration mode, as the latest chart update sees her BBR-released project coming in at No. 8 for the week.
As Billboard later pointed out, both Sabrina and La Flame’s opening weeks are among the top five biggest debuts of the year so far.
See original story below.
The tenth-anniversary re-release of Travis Scott's breakthrough mixtape Days Before Rodeo is set to debut at the No. 1 spot on the Billboard 200.
Sources tell Complex that the leaked image showing Days Before Rodeo earning 365,817 album-equivalent units in its first week of availability is legitimate, narrowly beating out Sabrina Carpenter's sixth album Short N' Sweet at 354,436 album-equivalent units. The project was first released for free in 2014 and made its streaming services debut to mark its tenth anniversary last month.
DJ Akademiks also reported the news earlier on Monday, September 2. 
According to Chart Data, the official reveal of the Billboard 200 results was delayed by approximately 24 hours on Monday, September 2. 
Days Before Rodeo hit streaming on August 23 alongside a digital deluxe edition with ten extra songs available on Scott's website. Its release was accompanied by various merch bundles and two different vinyl versions. Its debut on the chart will dethrone Post Malone's country-oriented F-1 Trillion, which earned 250,000 album-equivalent units in its first week. 
Sabrina Carpenter's Short N' Sweet seemed poised to grab the top spot on the Billboard 200 thanks to a series of successful singles, including "Espresso" which peaked at No. 3 on the Billboard Hot 100, and the chart-topping single "Please Please Please."
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Travis Scott’s Beloved 2014 Mixtape 'Days Before Rodeo' Hits Streaming Services for 10th Anniversary
music | BY Joe Price
Travis Scott Announces One-Night-Only Show in Atlanta for 'Days Before Rodeo' Anniversary Re-Release
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Travis Scott’s Signed Cactus Jack Topps Cards Listed for Nearly $100,000 on eBay
Scott has been a major presence on the Billboard charts ever since he dropped his debut studio album Rodeo in 2015, which peaked at No. 3. He earned his first No. 1 album the next year with the follow-up Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight. His 2018 effort, Astroworld, debuted at No. 1 with an astonishing 537,000 album-equivalent units and spent three weeks at the top spot. Last year's Utopia, meanwhile, also hit No. 1 and held the spot for four weeks.
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.