Plus, she reveals who made her top five... 🎵
It's been a week since Spotify Wrapped 2024 dropped and, while we've been busy listening to our tailor-made round-up of our favourite tunes from the year, Sabrina Carpenter has been busy trying to keep her results under wraps.
Speaking to British Vogue, the Espresso singer admitted she purposely didn't share her Spotify Wrapped this year — and there's one (very hilarious) reason why.
"You were recently on a lot of people's Spotify Wrapped lists this year. Who was on your list? Did you do one?" asked British Vogue's Christian Allaire, to which Sabrina replied: "I did."
"It's funny because when I first saw mine, my initial reaction was, 'Oh, damn, I can't post that', because I'm on my own [list]," she admitted. "It's a bit conceited." 
Sabrina continued: "But then I was like, 'I guess it's a good thing that I'm on my list and listening to my own music', because it means I fuck with what I do."
Revealing who else made her top five artists of the year, the singer said that "the other ones were Dolly Parton, ABBA, Kacey Musgraves and the Bee Gees." She's got good taste, if we say so ourselves.
Aside from her Spotify Wrapped revelations, Sabrina has been making headlines this week — in part due to her public split with Saltburn's Barry Keoghan (and subsequent 'revenge dress'), but also because of her hotly-anticipated Netflix TV special. A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter, which dropped on the streaming platform last week, features guest performances from a few of her famous friends, including Chappell Roan and Shania Twain.
Commenting on the Christmas show, Sabrina said: "I've always wanted to make it. It felt like my own little variety special; it's something that's so sweet and fun, and I'm so proud that we accomplished it this year."
BRB, we're off to re-watch it... 'tis the season, after all!
Another Simple Favor’s ending is wild, guys
Doctor Who season 2 episode release schedule
Vick Hope and Calvin Harris relationship timeline
MAFSAU's Jamie's 7 best moments 
Why we need the Desperate Housewives revival
The 8 biggest MAFS Australia scandals
How to watch Another Simple Favor
Why MAFSAU's Awhina should have married Tim
Where you know the cast of The Four Seasons from
The best TV dramas to watch on Netflix, BBC & more
Who is MAFSAU’s Hannah Renée? 
The biggest MAFSAU dinner party fights of all time
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.