Rob Brydon had the Capital radio hosts in tears of laughter as he performed a chart-topping pop song as Uncle Bryn. Swansea-born Brydon appeared on the Capital Breakfast show on Tuesday, July 2 to talk about his new series My Lady Jane - and, of course, the Gavin and Stacey Christmas special.
He already had the hosts laughing out loud from the off, and told them he often gets called "Bryn" by fans on the street. For the latest TV & Showbiz news, sign up to our newsletter.
He said he hadn't yet seen a script for the upcoming Christmas special but did know some of the plot points and that it would "wrap the story up." But he took things up a notch when he sang Sabrina Carpenter's Please Please Please in his recognisable Uncle Bryn voice.
READ MORE: Holidaymakers from Wales sleep on football pitch as wildfires rip through Kos
READ MORE: The beautiful part of Wales that could change its mind for the first time in decades
He actually first delivered a rendition of the song using his "man in a box" impression, but had another go when host Chris Stark told the Welsh actor: "For some reason when I first heard this Sabrina Carpenter song, all I could imagine was you Rob, well Uncle Bryn, almost doing the dance and singing this song."
Brydon was quick to rise to the challenge - and before long was in full flow as Uncle Bryn, singing along to Sabrina Carpenter's #1 hit. He made sure to chuck in a few in-character ad-libs - "I'm having a whale of a time" and "heartbreak is one thing, Ness, my ego's another." As he swerved the f-bomb in the chorus, the Capital hosts were left in stitches.
He finished the rendition with a reference to the lyrics "don't bring me to tears when I just did my makeup so nice," adding: "Just to be clear I'm not wearing makeup - and I'll tell you for why, it's not my style." Chris Stark said the impromptu sing-song "made my year," with Jordan North adding: "Mine as well. Actual Bryn in the studio with us."
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.