By 

	Ethan Shanfeld


	That’s that me… eggnog?

Sabrina Carpenter will host a holiday variety music special on Netflix, featuring “unexpected duets and comedic guests.”

	“A Nonsense Christmas With Sabrina Carpenter” will air on the streamer on Dec. 6 at 6 p.m. PT. The aforementioned special guests have yet to be announced.

	Carpenter will perform songs from her holiday-themed EP “Fruitcake” as well as other Christmas season classics. If viewers stay on the pop princess’ nice list, she might even perform songs from her new album “Short n’ Sweet,” like “Espresso,” “Please Please Please” and “Taste.” Perhaps she’ll do an Xmas-rated outro to her ever-changing hit “Nonsense.” 

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					What an AI War on Copyright Law Could Mean for Content Creators		
			














	
		
					Jean Marsh, Emmy Winner and 'Upstairs, Downstairs' Co-Creator, Dies at 90		
			








	“The holidays have always been so special to me,” Carpenter said in a statement. “I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show — infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.”




			Popular on Variety		






	Carpenter’s new album “Short n’ Sweet” debuted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 200, with Variety declaring it “an album that not only establishes Carpenter as a multifaceted singer, but also multidimensional superstar.”

	“Sabrina’s vision to subvert the classic holiday special has been clear since day one,” added Michael D. Ratner, executive producer and founder/CEO of OBB Media. “At OBB, we partner with the world’s most captivating artists to reimagine the expected, and we’re proud of the work by our entire team and want to highlight Simone Spira, the Volara team, Sam Wrench, Nikki Boella and all involved that brought Sabrina’s vision to life on Netflix.”

	Carpenter is producing “A Nonsense Christmas” under her At Last Productions banner alongside Michael D. Ratner, Scott Ratner, Simone Spira and Kfir Goldberg via OBB Pictures.
This is really gonna jingle your bells A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter  — her first-ever holiday special — features unexpected duets and comedic guests you will not want to miss! Mark your calendars for December 6 at 9PM ET/ 6 PM PT! pic.twitter.com/9FVDDjYJGy
The Business of Entertainment