We earn a commission for products purchased through some links in this article.
As seen on Cindy Kimberley, Sabrina Carpenter and Selena Gomez
Just when we thought we’d seen every noughties look make its comeback as part of the current trending Y2K aesthetic (hello cargo pants, butterfly tops and peplums – yes, really), it seems we were forgetting about one crucial item from the decade: the bubble skirt. Despite its '80s fashion origins, it became a signature of the 2000s easily identifiable by its voluminous hem. 
Sometimes referred to as a puffball or balloon and found on dresses and skirts in mini, midi and billowing maxi lengths, the comeback has been bubbling under the surface (geddit?) of fashion consciousness for a little while now. Miu Miu has championed the bubble skirt on the runways for the past three seasons, but it seems other designers – Jacquemus, 16Arlington and Celine, to name a few – have finally taken note for spring summer. 
Celebrities including Sabrina Carpenter, Selena Gomez and Cindy Kimberley have taken note, as has TikTok and the high street. Yep, the noughties partywear staple is officially back and the ultimate fashion-girlie essential, albeit slightly reimagined for SS24. 
Sure, you can still wear your puffball skirt to the club. But it’s also the perfect foundation to build your daytime looks. Think brunch with the girls, afternoons sunbathing in the park, and even chic workwear outfits if you opt for a longer hemline. When it comes to styling, fashion trainers and walking sandals will add a tough contrast to the flirty, feminine silhouette. Alternatively, lean into the balletcore overtones and pair with ballet flats, perhaps the must-have mesh designs we're seeing everywhere RN.
But don’t pack away this trend come autumn. In an effort to practice more sustainable shopping habits, we're looking to invest in trends that are guaranteed to stick around for more than just a season. Luckily, the bubble skirt meets said requirements. So, for autumnal style inspo, simply throw on a blazer, tights and your favourite kitten heels. Carrie Bradshaw would approve.
Without further ado, keep scrolling to shop the best bubble skirts as well as a few balloon hem dresses around right now.
Trust ASOS to come through with the goods. Featuring an elasticated waist, mini hem length, available in black and white *and* for just £22? Consider us sold.
With a perfect pouf, this cotton bubble skirt features a dropped waist for added style points.
If Barbiecore pink is too bright for you, this long-line maxi skirt also comes in olive green and ivory. Oh, and it has pockets! 
Giving the look of a tank top and mini skirt, this H&M dress is an all-in-one to make styling a breeze.
We told you bubble skirts were office-appropriate. Though maybe switch the bralette for an actual top.
Dress up this Reformation dress with heels and clutch bag and it makes the perfect summer wedding guest dress. We love this red hue that's giving tomato girl summer, though the polka dot and blue colourways are equally stunning.
Tick off two trends in one look with this bubble skirt in butter yellow, AKA spring’s hottest hue.
Fun, flirty and flouncy – there’s a lot to love about this pink strapless mini dress! We reckon you could wear it as a midi skirt two, giving you two looks for the price of one.
We'll be styling this Monki midi design exactly as you see here: with chunky dad trainers and a cropped cardigan.
For all the balletcore vibes, you can’t go wrong with this soft pale pink colourway. The dropped waist and geometric stitching add extra interest. 
We love the pretty ruching detail on this waistband that makes it look much more expensive than it's under £40 price tag.
Another balloon dress we’ve immediately bookmarked for our next wedding guest dress. The tie shoulder straps and ruched sides are the perfect compliments to the billowing bubble hem.
Take your bubble skirt from day to night by switching your plain white tee for a corset top. The LBD just got a seriously on trend upgrade.
Who said bubble skirts need to be a block colour? We love the multicoloured nature motifs decorating this Zara mini. Perfect for summer holidays on sandy shores.
SO pouffy! This Stradivarius design features a drawstring waist for a cinched in fit that really emphasises the bubble silhouette.
Alexandria Dale is the Digital Fashion Writer at Cosmopolitan UK. Covering everything from the celebrity style moments worth knowing about to the latest fashion news, there’s nothing she loves more than finding a high street dupe of a must-have designer item. As well as discovering new brands, she’s passionate about sustainable fashion and establishing the trends that are actually worth investing in. Having worked in fashion journalism for six years, she has experience at both digital and print publications including Glamour and Ok! 
These 7 'ugly shoes' are trending RN, here's why
These beauty launches need your attention, now
Here's your final chance to shop REN Skincare
 & Other Stories unveils 2025 collab with Roksanda
This £12 perfume smells exactly like Santal 33
This £4 accessory is the hair trend of the summer 
The best Ordinary products based on your skin type
The best spring shoes for each zodiac sign
Dune's best-selling woven shoulder bag is back!
Simply six of the best natural deodorants
17 of the best small (but mighty) vibrators
The best maternity swimwear to shop now
Cosmopolitan, Part of the Hearst UK Fashion & Beauty Network
Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst UK is the trading name of the National Magazine Company Ltd, 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London, SW1Y 4AJ. Registered in England 112955. All Rights Reserved.