Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.

26 items in this article
5 items on sale!


              Save this article to read it later.
              






              Find this story in your account’s ‘Saved for Later’ section.
              






26 items in this article
5 items on sale!

Since “Espresso” dropped in the spring, my thoughts — like those of many other Sabrina Carpenter fans — have been consumed by Carpenter’s bouncy blowout (the do that made “curtain bangs” a household name), dressing like a vintage pinup, and working my way through her back catalogue. I’m not alone — when I reached out to several Carpenter superfans, they spoke about the flirty babydolls and candy-sweet fragrances on their own wish lists, as well as merch featuring Carpenter’s dry sense of humor.
So, if the Carpenter on your list is in a Short n’ Sweet–induced hyperobsession or has been with her since the Girl Meets World days, here are the clothes, décor, and accessories I’d suggest gifting.
For those looking to emulate Carpenter’s glow, she told us this glycerin spray “wakes her up” after long days at the studio.
Bonus points if you feature the song that was at the top of your giftee’s Spotify Wrapped.
A nod to the “Feather” music video, which was shot in a church and caused a scandal that went all the way to the top (it turns out the priest that gave Carpenter the go-ahead to film had directed $1.9 million of parish money toward none other than indicted Mayor Eric Adams).
Domingo not included.
Another way to capture the (that’s that me) espresso essence.
“Sabrina Carpenter has yet to confirm if she is indeed wearing a wig, but she’s gotta be. Right?” asked music journalist Matthew Schnipper. While the jury is out on that one, here’s a clip set that’ll work on all kinds of hair.
“Sabrina loves to use this blush to give her the signature babydoll blush,” says the fan behind the Instagram account StyleforSabby. 
Have you ever tried: this one?
I find that this spray from Drybar is truly the key to keep my bangs up to a Sabrina standard.
In 2022, Carpenter told us about this Argentinian drink that she reaches for over coffee.
Literature Nobel Prize incoming: “I might change your contact to / Has a huge North Pole.”
For fans interested in Carpenter’s influences, she told us that during lockdown, she’d unwind by listening to Mac Miller. “This [album] in particular puts me in a very elated mind-set and makes me feel very safe,” she says.
A silky hair essential.
The fan behind StyleforSabby also pointed me toward the initial ring Carpenter has “worn for years.” I spotted plenty of customizable look-alikes on Etsy.
The fan behind Sabrinadailys pointed me toward Carpenter’s range of fragrances, each with a signature sweet scent.
The fan behind the Instagram account StyleforSabby also covers the seemingly endless rotation of flouncy, vintage-looking babydoll dresses Carpenter has been wearing on tour. While hers are custom-made, Princess Polly and Edikted do have a great range of look-alikes.
Or, for the more modest, a babydoll-printed tee.
Sabrina has worn several micro-minis from this store (which is also beloved by Chappell Roan) in the “Taste” video and also in her upcoming Netflix Christmas special. Be aware, though — as the product listings say, “This is a very mini skirt.”
If you want to prove your Carpenter credentials (a.k.a. knowing who she was before the Eras Tour), there’s still some Emails I Can’t Send merch available at Urban Outfitters.
Another vestige from the EICS era are Carpenter’s big tour boots.
For good bed chem.
For phonetic spellers.
There are a lot of products out there promising a Sabrina Carpenter–like blowout, but after testing, we’ve concluded that the Dyson is truly the way to go.
I only had one question after watching the “Espresso” music video: What self-tanner does she use? The answer is Dolce Glow (at least when she’s working with tan specialist Sam Milne).
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice and to receive email correspondence from us.
The Strategist is designed to surface useful, expert recommendations for things to buy across the vast e-commerce landscape. Every product is independently selected by our team of editors, whom you can read about here. We update links when possible, but note that deals can expire and all prices are subject to change.
Every product is independently selected by (obsessive) editors. Things you buy through our links may earn us a commission.
Have an Account?