Sabrina Carpenter has enjoyed a phenomenal year, with her Short n' Sweet album release, a sold-out US tour, and an impressive eight Grammy nominations. The pop star is wrapping up the year in style with her variety show A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter, set to hit Netflix today (Saturday 7 December).
The one-off special will feature performances from her festive EP fruitcake, alongside duets, special guests, and comedic sketches. As she revels in her success, let's delve into the Espresso singer's life, from her speculated love life to her soaring singing and acting career.
Rumours have been swirling that Sabrina is dating Saltburn actor Barry Keoghan since late 2023, after they were spotted together on numerous occasions. While the pair have never publicly confirmed their relationship, they've been seen together at various events.
READ MORE: Storm Darragh weather warning as Met Office issue alert for strong winds in West Midlands
Keep up to date Join the FREE Birmingham Live WhatsApp community for the latest with weather news.
Earlier this year, Barry starred in Sabrina's Please, Please, Please music video, where they portray a criminal couple. Despite reports of a split in August, Barry's comments on Sabrina's Instagram posts suggest otherwise.
In terms of her music career, the pop sensation has released six albums since 2015, with her latest, Short n'Sweet, dropping in August this year. Although her success has been gradual, Sabrina's most recent album has catapulted her career to new levels, reports the Mirror.
Her debut album skyrocketed to number one in ten countries, including the US and UK, with her tracks Espresso, Please Please Please and Taste all becoming top five hits. This was followed by the Short n' Sweet tour, marking her first ever arena tour, which bagged several awards including Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards and MTV Video Music Awards.
Sabrina kick-started her acting career in 2011 with a guest appearance on Law and Order: Special Victims Unit. She has since starred in several films including The Hate U Give, Tall Girl and its sequel on Netflix.
In 2020, she featured in Netflix's Work It, a film about a diverse group of high school students, and also served as an executive producer for the project. Additionally, Sabrina has lent her voice to several animated TV series such as Sofia the First, Milo Murphy's Law and Wander Over Yonder.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.