The former rules Global Excl. U.S. and the latter leads the Global 200.

													By
												

	Gary Trust


	Artemas’s “I Like the Way You Kiss Me” rises to No. 1 the Billboard Global Excl. U.S. chart and Hozier’s “Too Sweet” ascends to the top of the Billboard Global 200, marking each act’s first leader on each respective ranking.

	Plus, FloyyMenor and Cris Mj’s “Gata Only” reaches the top five of both charts and Sabrina Carpenter earns her first Global 200 top 10 as “Espresso” debuts at No. 10.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts, which began in September 2020, rank songs based on streaming and sales activity culled from more than 200 territories around the world, as compiled by Luminate. The Global 200 is inclusive of worldwide data and the Global Excl. U.S. chart comprises data from territories excluding the United States.

	










			Trending on Billboard		






	Chart ranks are based on a weighted formula incorporating official-only streams on both subscription and ad-supported tiers of audio and video music services, as well as download sales, the latter of which reflect purchases from full-service digital music retailers from around the world, with sales from direct-to-consumer (D2C) sites excluded from the charts’ calculations.

Artemas Seals No. 1 on Global Excl. U.S. With a ‘Kiss’

	Artemas’ first Billboard Global Excl. U.S. hit, “I Like the Way You Kiss Me,” rises to No. 1, from No. 2, with 65.9 million streams (up 15%) and 3,000 sold (up 45%) outside the U.S., boosted by the April 12 premiere of its official video, in the week ending April 18.

	The breakthrough hit for the English-Cypriot artist, released on Artemas/10K Projects, has been used in nearly 2 million clips on TikTok, where he teased the song prior to its March 19 release.

	Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” drops to No. 2 after eight nonconsecutive weeks atop the Global Excl. U.S. chart; ILLIT’s “Magnetic” holds at No. 3, after reaching No. 2; FloyyMenor and Cris Mj’s “Gata Only” advances 6-4, becoming the first top five hit on the chart for both Chilean artists; and Hozier’s “Too Sweet” bumps 7-5, likewise marking his first top five entry since the list began.

Hozier ‘Sweet’-ens Top of Global 200

	Hozier’s “Too Sweet” climbs to No. 1, from No. 2, on the Billboard Global 200, with 76.1 million streams (up 7%) and 9,000 sold (down 4%) worldwide April 12-18.

	










	The singer-songwriter is the first Irish act to top the Global 200. “Too Sweet,” released on Rubyworks/Columbia Records, was first widely heard via a teaser snippet during his March 6 appearance on the How Long Gone podcast, ahead of its proper release March 22 on his four-track EP Unheard.

	Artemas’ “I Like the Way You Kiss Me” climbs 3-2 for a new Global 200 high; Benson Boone’s “Beautiful Things” retreats to No. 3 following seven nonconsecutive weeks at No. 1; FloyyMenor and Cris Mj’s “Gata Only” charges 10-4, becoming the first top five hit on the tally for both acts (up 26% to 75 million streams worldwide); and Teddy Swims’ “Lose Control” lifts 7-5, after hitting No. 4.

	Plus, Sabrina Carpenter serves up her first Global 200 top 10 as “Espresso” debuts at No. 10. Released April 12, it drew 46.2 million streams and sold 6,000 worldwide in its first week. The bow follows the singer-songwriter and actress’s performances at both weekends of this year’s Coachella festival. She previously supported Taylor Swift’s The Eras Tour for 30 dates from last August through March.

	The Billboard Global 200 and Billboard Global Excl. U.S. charts (dated April 27, 2024) will update on Billboard.com tomorrow, April 23. For both charts, the top 100 titles are available to all readers on Billboard.com, while the complete 200-title rankings are visible on Billboard Pro, Billboard’s subscription-based service. For all chart news, you can follow @billboard and @billboardcharts on both X, formerly known as Twitter, and Instagram.

Luminate, the independent data provider to the Billboard charts, completes a thorough review of all data submissions used in compiling the weekly chart rankings. Luminate reviews and authenticates data. In partnership with Billboard, data deemed suspicious or unverifiable is removed, using established criteria, before final chart calculations are made and published.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.