Photo: Getty Images
As you probably know by now, Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan have called it quits on their relationship. But, as rumors spread that the Saltburn actor cheated on Sabrina with influencer Breckie Hill, Hill herself is finally speaking out.
Taking to TikTok, Breckie slammed the cheating rumors, explaining that she's never even met Barry, and the only time she's seen him is on her TV screen while watching Saltburn. The influencer has been silent the last few days as she was in the hospital recovering from a skiing accident. She shared, "I just recently got out of the hospital. I don't know if you guys know, but I got into a skiing accident and I broke my spine. When I tell you every single move I make hurts."
Hill went on to say, "To put it simply for you all, no, I did not get with Barry. I have never even encountered this man in my life. The only time I've seen him is on my TV screen from watching Saltburn, I reposted this video that showed up on my for you page, claiming that I was home wrecking Sabrina Carpenter's relationship, just simply because I thought it was so ridiculous. I'm sorry, but if I really was the one getting with Barry, why in the world would I be reposting about it?"
Breckie also explained that she would never get involved with someone who was already in a relationship, as she has been cheated on herself in previous relationships. She added, "I was truly just reposting these videos, laying in a hospital bed thinking how crazy it is that someone thought I was home wrecking Sabrina, THE Sabrina Carpenter, really me home wrecking her relationship. That just would never happen." 
Keoghan, who recently deactivated his Instagram account, shared a statement on the backlash he received in the wake of his breakup with Sabrina, writing "The messages I have received, no person should ever have to read them. Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent and every other inhumane thing you can imagine. Dragging my character and everything I worked extremely hard for and stand for. Talking about how I was a heroine baby and how I grew up and dragging my dear mother into it also. Knocking on my grannies door. Sitting outside my baby boy's house intimidating them. That's crossing a line. Each and every day I work harder to push myself on every level to be the healthiest and strongest person for that boy. I want to provide opportunities for him to learn, fail and grow. I want him to be able to look up to his daddy, to have full trust in me and know I will have hi back no matter what. I need you to remember he has to read ALL of this about his father when he is older."
News of Sabrina and Barry splitting up hit a week ago as they both choose to focus on their careers. A source told PEOPLE, "They are both young and career-focused, so they've decided to take a break."