Bright and bold DIY accessories kits from Ariel Gordon Jewelry and Honestly WTF keep the summer fest vibes going. Plus, Marin brow guru Michele Holmes expands her offerings to include cutting-edge facials.

            
                You do you (and your Levi’s jean jacket) at 1 Hotel.
            
            
        (Courtesy of Levi's)Shop cool AF pre-loved Levi’s denim trucker jackets at San Francisco’s 1 Hotel. Yes, they make ideal festival-fab layers for Outside Lands. Before hitting up Golden Gate Park to see Post Malone or Sabrina Carpenter, stop at the pop-up shop in the hotel lobby for a curated selection of Levi’s SecondHand jackets with glorious rips and the softest hand-feel. Plus, you can customize your look on site with chain stitching and exclusive patches.P.S. For those with tix to OSL’s Golden Gate Club (a glorious, private space designed by icon Ken Fulk),  grab a fun specialty cocktail served up by Andre Sierra, beverage director at 1 Hotel’s restaurant/bar Terrene. He’ll be there throughout the day on Friday, August 9th.// Thursday, August 8th through Sunday, August 11th (10am–5pm); 1 Hotel: 8 Mission St. (Embarcadero), 1hotels.com, levi.com
            
                Get crafty with DIY accessories kits from fashionista friends Ariel Gordon and Erica Chan.
            
            
        (Jessi Caparella)Meet the collab you didn’t know you needed: DIY Knotty Rope Kits ($125) from Ariel Gordon Jewelry and Erica Chan of Honestly WTF. Not only will the kits spark your creativity and bring joy to your world, you’ll be left with a one-of-a-kind bracelet, crossbody phone lanyard, purse charm or anklet (designed by you).Gordon and Chan, longtime friends, East Bay inhabitants, and popular local creatives share a similar outlook on life and looks—that is, more is more. Brightly colored and playful, the kits perfectly package Gordon’s jewelry know-how and Chan’s DIY craftiness.Each kit, available in four fun colors, includes: 15 feet of thick rope, eight feet of thin rope, pearl beads and charms, a metal phone insert, and a Bic lighter. Basically, everything you need to make one of several accessories with step-by-step instructions. Need more more-is-more? There are several add-ons you can purchase like extra rope, purse carabiners, and charms.// Shop online at arielgordonjewelry.com with easy-to-follow directions at honestlywtf.com.
            
                Brow guru Michele Holmes adds (celeb-loved) transformative skincare treatments to her repertoire.
            
            
        (Sarah Davis)The sought-after “eyebrow whisperer" known for her natural brow-shaping technique and expertise in brow health has been busy expanding her offerings. Her new skincare space, called The Secret Knock, features luxurious and cutting-edge treatments using Oxylight, a device loved by A-listers and available here for the first time in Northern California.“The discovery of the Oxylight device had me running to L.A. to experience the treatment for myself, says Holmes. "I can see why celebrities get these treatments before red carpet events…because you truly glow after each session. Our clients are already over the moon.”In other news, Holmes' clean beauty brand Rye has added a brow milk ($32): The gel-pomade hybrid lifts, conditions and defines eyebrows. In other words, it’s the perfect alternative for those who aren’t into chemical brow lamination. The product also contains growth-supporting peptides and nourishing ingredients to keep brows soft and in place.// 25 First St. (Corte Madera), micheleholmesstudio.com
(Courtesy of Levi's)
Shop cool AF pre-loved Levi’s denim trucker jackets at San Francisco’s 1 Hotel. Yes, they make ideal festival-fab layers for Outside Lands. 
Before hitting up Golden Gate Park to see Post Malone or Sabrina Carpenter, stop at the pop-up shop in the hotel lobby for a curated selection of Levi’s SecondHand jackets with glorious rips and the softest hand-feel. Plus, you can customize your look on site with chain stitching and exclusive patches.
P.S. For those with tix to OSL’s Golden Gate Club (a glorious, private space designed by icon Ken Fulk),  grab a fun specialty cocktail served up by Andre Sierra, beverage director at 1 Hotel’s restaurant/bar Terrene. He’ll be there throughout the day on Friday, August 9th.
// Thursday, August 8th through Sunday, August 11th (10am–5pm); 1 Hotel: 8 Mission St. (Embarcadero), 1hotels.com, levi.com
(Jessi Caparella)
Meet the collab you didn’t know you needed: DIY Knotty Rope Kits ($125) from Ariel Gordon Jewelry and Erica Chan of Honestly WTF. Not only will the kits spark your creativity and bring joy to your world, you’ll be left with a one-of-a-kind bracelet, crossbody phone lanyard, purse charm or anklet (designed by you).
Gordon and Chan, longtime friends, East Bay inhabitants, and popular local creatives share a similar outlook on life and looks—that is, more is more. Brightly colored and playful, the kits perfectly package Gordon’s jewelry know-how and Chan’s DIY craftiness.
Each kit, available in four fun colors, includes: 15 feet of thick rope, eight feet of thin rope, pearl beads and charms, a metal phone insert, and a Bic lighter. Basically, everything you need to make one of several accessories with step-by-step instructions. Need more more-is-more? There are several add-ons you can purchase like extra rope, purse carabiners, and charms.
// Shop online at arielgordonjewelry.com with easy-to-follow directions at honestlywtf.com.
(Sarah Davis)
The sought-after “eyebrow whisperer" known for her natural brow-shaping technique and expertise in brow health has been busy expanding her offerings. Her new skincare space, called The Secret Knock, features luxurious and cutting-edge treatments using Oxylight, a device loved by A-listers and available here for the first time in Northern California.
“The discovery of the Oxylight device had me running to L.A. to experience the treatment for myself, says Holmes. "I can see why celebrities get these treatments before red carpet events…because you truly glow after each session. Our clients are already over the moon.”
In other news, Holmes' clean beauty brand Rye has added a brow milk ($32): The gel-pomade hybrid lifts, conditions and defines eyebrows. In other words, it’s the perfect alternative for those who aren’t into chemical brow lamination. The product also contains growth-supporting peptides and nourishing ingredients to keep brows soft and in place.
// 25 First St. (Corte Madera), micheleholmesstudio.com
7x7
        (@7x7bayarea) • Instagram photos and videos