By SEAN O'GRADY 
 Published:  10:21, 13 December 2024   |  Updated:  10:27, 13 December 2024   
 37
View  comments
The Simpsons' distinctive animation style is recognised the world over. 
As one of the most successful animated shows in history, characters like Homer, Bart, Marge and Lisa are instantly recognisable around the globe.
Turning yourself into a Simpsons character has become a viral trend on TikTok, with thousands transforming themselves into someone from the beloved show.
It was recently announced that Pamela Hayden is officially retiring from The Simpsons after voicing an iconic character on the animated Fox series for 35 years.
The actress, 70, notably portrayed Milhouse Van Houten - one of Bart Simpson's friends. She also voiced a variety of other characters during her time on the show, including Jimbo Jones and Chief Wiggum's wife, Sarah Wiggum.
Here - we take a look at what some of your other favourite stars would look like if they were residents of Sprinfield. 
This star is known for her jaw-dropping beauty which she has parlayed into a hugely successful beauty empire
It's Kylie Jenner! The reality star is virtually unrecognisable after one of her selfies has been ran through AI to make her into a Simpsoms character
Kylie Jenner is known for her jaw-dropping beauty which she has parlayed into a hugely successful beauty empire.
But the reality star is unrecognisable after one of her selfies has been ran through AI to make her into a Simpsoms character.
She's kept her long, brunette locks and dark eyes, but they could've done a much better job recreating that famous pout.
This star recently branched out into acting with a role in American Horror Story: Delicate
It's Kim Kardashian1!The star looks worlds away from her usual self after being given the Simpsons treatement
Kim Kardashian has been branching out into acting lately with her role in American Horror Story: Delicate where she won positive reviews for her portrayal of a publicist.
So we couldn't help but wonder what Kim might look like if she ever decided to branch out into the world of animaton. 
The Kardashians star looks worlds away from her usual self after being given the Simpsons treatement, with the dark brown hair the only similarity to the real thing.  
This performer has always had a smile that lights up a room - and her Simpons character is no different
The singer looked incredible in a snap where she beamed while wearing a bright red dress and sporting matching lipstick
Rita Ora has always had a smile that lights up a room - and her Simpons character is no different.
The singer looked incredible in a snap where she beamed while wearing a bright red dress and sporting matching lipstick.
The How To Be Lonely star's Simpsons character has similar dark blonde locks and is beaming from ear-to-ear.
He was back in the limelight recently with his role in the action comedy Wolfs alongside his longtime friend Brad Pitt
So we couldn't help but wonder what George would look like as a Simpson's character - and the results may be one of the best
George Clooney was back in the limelight recently with his role in the action comedy Wolfs alongside his longtime friend Brad Pitt. 
It was his first major on-screen role since Ticket To Paradise alongside Julia Roberts in 2022. 
So we couldn't help but wonder what George would look like as a Simpson's character - and the results may be one of the best. 
Along with his hugely successful pop career, this singer is known for his smouldering good looks
But they appear to have been dampened somewhat by Shawn Mendes' Simpsons transformation which has not done him justice
Along with his hugely successful pop career, Shawn Mendes is known for his smouldering good looks.
But they appear to have been dampened somewhat by his Simpsons transformation which has not done him justice. 
While we may not see him in Springfield anytime soon, at least he has his music to fall back on. 
Fans are hoping this star may take on the leading role of Rapunzel in the upcoming live-action remake of Tangled
But Sabrina Carpenter could also be perfect for a role in The Simpsons where her aunt Nancy Cartwright is the voice of Bart Simpson
Fans are hoping Sabrina Carpenter may take on the leading role of Rapunzel in the upcoming live-action remake of Tangled.
But the Espresso singer could also be perfect for a role in The Simpsons.
It would be a family reunion for Sabrina as her aunt Nancy Cartwright is the voice of Bart Simpson on the show.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group