Virgin Radio
10 Sep 2024, 11:01
Credit: Getty
The pop queen is preparing to rival the Gallagher brothers' reunion tour with her own series of stadium shows at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium.
Beyoncé is reportedly gearing up for a massive summer in 2025, and the BeyHive is buzzing! 
The pop icon is said to be plotting a London takeover with five enormous gigs at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, setting her on a collision course with the highly anticipated Oasis reunion tour. 
------------------------------------
DON'T MISS:
Oasis add extra Wembley dates with invitation-only ticket ballot
Robbie Williams opens up about 'unbearable' feud with Oasis stars Noel and Liam Gallagher
Sabrina Carpenter brews up a hit with Espresso – the UK’s official song of summer 2024
------------------------------------
Fans of both acts are in for a wild ride as ticket sales are expected to be nothing short of fierce, much like Liam and Noel’s sibling squabbles.
The global superstar, who last graced the London stage during her Renaissance World Tour in 2023, is returning with an all-new tour in support of her chart-topping album Cowboy Carter. 
And if her previous shows were anything to go by, Queen Bey is about to show the Gallagher brothers how it's done.
An insider spilled to The Sun: "Beyoncé is about to raise the roof. The demand for tickets will be just like Oasis’ and will rival fans’ rush to get their hands on a seat." 
It’s a battle of pop royalty vs. Britpop legends, and only one can come out on top of the ticket wars. 
"Oasis and Beyoncé are top tier, and demand for tickets will be fierce," the source added. "Over seven million people tried to get Oasis tickets — and Beyoncé's fans will be out in force too."
Talk about breaking the internet! The competition between these two iconic acts is set to be as fierce as a Gallagher brothers’ backstage argument, with ticket sites likely to crash harder than Liam and Noel's 2009 split.
And it’s not just Beyoncé and Oasis vying for fans' wallets next summer. With big names like Billie Eilish, Usher, and Sabrina Carpenter also hitting UK stages, not to mention Dua Lipa's sold-out Wembley Stadium shows, it’s safe to say that summer 2025 is shaping up to be an absolute barnstormer for live music. 
One insider even remarked: "The boost to the economy is going to be phenomenal." Looks like concert-goers won’t be the only ones shouting “Money!” like an Oasis anthem—there will be plenty to go around.
But while Beyoncé preps to "run the world," Oasis is dealing with a bit of controversy. 
Consumer group Which? has called on the Gallagher brothers and ticketing giant Ticketmaster to "do the right thing" and refund fans after dynamic pricing caused ticket costs to skyrocket. 
The outrage is real, with many fans having queued for hours, only to find their £148 tickets had ballooned to £355 in the blink of an eye. It seems Oasis fans might need to “Roll With It” if they want to catch the band’s reunion tour.
Fans took to social media in a frenzy, demanding answers, and now the Government and UK’s competition watchdog are looking into the practice of dynamic pricing. 
Which? even asked Oasis fans to send in screenshots of their ticket-buying journey, revealing that many were not informed of the steep price hikes until it was too late.
Despite the controversy, the show must go on, and Oasis has no plans to back down from their London dates. 
Over the weekend, the band sent out invites for a private, invite-only ballot for their “final” Wembley Stadium gigs, which have now been extended to two more dates in late September.
But while Liam and Noel bicker over refunds and ticket prices, Beyoncé is ready to swoop in and steal the summer spotlight with her own blockbuster shows.
Advertisement
With Wimbledon just around the corner, Sue Barker spoke to Chris Evans about attending the...
Philip Glenister has described the cancelled Life on Mars sequel as a “mixed blessing” after being...
National comedy treasure Al Murray has opened up about parenting and grandparenting
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK on your laptop or desktop computer?
Have you got an Amazon Echo or Google Home device? Listen to Virgin Radio UK by asking your speaker...
Want to listen to Virgin Radio UK but need to go out and about? Take us with you with the Virgin...
Advertisement
© 2025 News UK Broadcasting Ltd. Our 
 and 
 are applicable to you. All rights reserved. VIRGIN and the VIRGIN signature logo are registered trademarks of Virgin Enterprises Limited and are used under licence. For more information on Virgin Radio International visit