"Damn, what now? Should we talk about how I got the mayor indicted, or…”
Sabrina Carpenter took the time to acknowledge the speculation surrounding her role in NYC Mayor Eric Adams’ indictment this weekend.
The pop singer took over New York City’s legendary Madison Square Garden last night (September 29) as part of her ongoing ‘Short N’ Sweet’ arena tour. While performing, Carpenter took the time to address her alleged role in Adams’ indictment.
While taking a moment to sit and chat with the crowd, the ‘Please, Please, Please’ singer said: “Damn, what now? Should we talk about how I got the mayor indicted, or…” with the crowd erupting into cheers and screams.
Sabrina Carpenter during her New York show after her ‘Feather’ music video church scandal contributed to an investigation of the priest and his ties to Mayor Eric Adams:
“Should we talk about how I got the mayor indicted?” pic.twitter.com/lSF2mdhIgp
— Pop Base (@PopBase) September 30, 2024
The speculation came from the release of her music video for her hit track ‘Feather’ which was directed by Mia Barns and filmed at the Blessed Virgin Mary Catholic Church in Brooklyn, NY.
According to Rolling Stone, following the video’s release, the Diocese of Brooklyn said it was “appalled” with the “violent and sexually provocative” video which led to the church having to be re-blessed.
Monsignor Jamie Gigantiello, who allowed Carpenter to shoot the video in the church, was demoted. According to the New York Post, the church was subpoenaed by federal investigators last week in regard to its relationship between Adams, Gigantiello and Adams’ ex-chief of staff Frank Carone.
It was alleged that the subpoena was linked to the ‘Feather’ music video and the church’s corruption regarding the approval of the video to be filmed there. In a statement shared to the New York Post, diocese officials said: “It would be inappropriate to comment further on that review, which is still ongoing.”
They continued: “The Diocese is fully committed to cooperating with law enforcement in all investigations, including conduct at individual parishes or involving any priest.”
In other news, Carpenter’s sixth studio album ‘Short N’ Sweet’ has officially been certified platinum.
As of Friday (September 27), the singer’s latest album was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America, meaning the record has sold more than one million units. This also makes ‘Short N’ Sweet’ her first album to reach the milestone, according to the RIAA’s records.
In a four-star review of ‘Short n’ Sweet’, NME wrote: “Full creative control looks good on the pop star, who swings for the big leagues on her sharp and saucy sixth record.”
It added that “who Sabrina Carpenter is has never been clearer – and her long-awaited, hard-earned climb to pop’s summit should continue with ease”.
The pop singer kicked off her world tour in support of the new album this month, where she scrapped her customised ‘Nonsense’ outros but promised a surprise cover during each night of the current North American leg.
Meanwhile, fans think Carpenter and BLACKPINK’s Lisa might be teasing an upcoming collaboration.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.