Yes, even Taylor Swift has “Espresso” stuck in her head.
On the second night of her New Orleans Eras Tour stop, Swift ignored continued calls for a Reputation (TV) announcement, but delivered something unexpected in its stead. During the acoustic portion of the night, she pulled out a surprise song no one could have predicted because it’s literally not in her discography.
“I’m gonna sing a song that’s not mine, but it’s somebody that I really love,” she told the crowd, per one TikTok video shared by @lovelisapizzy. “It’s been stuck in my head, and I just, it would make me feel good if I knew 65,000 other people had the song stuck in their head, just like I do.”
Taylor Swift and Sabrina Carpenter on October 26, 2024
From there, she went into the first verse of “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter, who previously opened for the pop star during the Latin America leg of The Eras Tour, as well as some other international stops. After remarking on how “proud” she is of her friend’s rapid rise to the top of the charts, Swift decided to give the singer a call on the phone. Of course, it was a bit hard to hear their conversation because of all the screaming. Don’t worry, Swift shushed the crowd multiple times, which online fans found “so unserious.”
“Is there any chance you could get off the roller coaster you’re on and, like, put on some clothes and just, like, come down to the stadium?” Swift asked Carpenter, per one particularly clear video shared by @lxv.swift13. “Ballpark, how long would that take you?” Carpenter’s response: “Five seconds.”
Taylor Swift and Sabrina Carpenter sing “Espresso” during a New Orleans Eras Tour performance, October 26, 2024.
From there, Carpenter took the stage in a white mini negligee, and the two blonde singers delivered an acoustic-guitar take on “Espresso.” Featuring some stunning harmonies, the pop stars gave the song of the summer the true Taylor’s Version treatment by mashing it up with the 1989 (TV) vault track “Is It Over Now?” before injecting a bit of Carpenter’s “Please Please Please” into the mix.
Taylor Swift and Sabrina Carpenter on October 26, 2024
You can watch the entire performance here. As @lovelisapizzy noted, “Taylor x Sabrina will live in the history books forever.” Honestly, I need them to upload this to Spotify, ASAP.
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices