Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
LOS ANGELES — Taylor Swift’s name isn’t on the lineup poster of the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival, but that doesn’t mean pop’s biggest superstar won’t make an appearance in Indio during the event, which runs Friday through Sunday and April 19-21.
Not to go all Taylor Swift conspiracy theorist on you, but there are some signs — and celeb gossip reports — that point to Swift spending some time in the desert.
First, she’s on a break from her Eras Tour; her entire month is free before she heads to Europe in May. Second, her new album, “The Tortured Poets Department,” drops on April 19, which is the first day of Coachella’s second weekend.
But the most compelling theory of all that we might see Swift in Indio? Her friends are going to be there. To, wit:
Lana Del Rey: True power is having a fan base that can convince Taylor Swift to take a backseat on her own song. “Snow on the Beach” was a dreamy highlight of Swift’s “Midnights,” which featured her pal Lana del Rey’s spare but velvety harmonies. Yet Lana’s fans would not accept such a slight role for her, and successfully petitioned for a new edit where Del Rey gets a much more substantial role — and they were right, it’s the superior version. Lana’s set will be a pinnacle of a career steeped in L.A. mythology, so can Del Rey convince Swift, the most famous artist in the world, to drop by for brief harmony cameo on the Coachella main stage?
Jack Antonoff’s rock band Bleachers plays the Mojave Tent on Saturday evening, but as the producer to the stars, including Swift and Del Rey, there’s potential for a Swift sighting, if not a guest spot. Antonoff has worked on a string of Swift’s albums and he’s the producer of the forthcoming “The Tortured Poets Department.”
Carpenter broke out with 2022’s frisky “Emails I Can’t Send.” That album’s best track, “Nonsense,” went viral on TikTok thanks to Carpenter’s onstage habit of changing the lyrics of the song’s outro to suit whatever city she’s in. The singer kept at it as one of Swift’s opening acts on the Eras Tour, and just last month she joined a fellow Eras alum, Norway’s Girl in Red (aka Marie Ulven Ringheim), for a bumptious duet with the very Taylor-rific title of “You Need Me Now?” Perhaps Swift will reward Carpenter’s loyalty with a surprise Coachella cameo.
Vanessa Franko and August Brown contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group