Broadway + NYC
Broadway
Off-Broadway
Off-Off Broadway
Cabaret
Dance
Opera
Classical Music
United States
Eastern
Central
Western
Minneapolis / St. Paul
Connecticut
Atlanta
Chicago
Los Angeles
Central New York
West End
WEST END
UK Regional
International
Canada
Australia / New Zealand
Europe
Asia
Latin America
Africa / Middle East
Entertainment
TV/Movies
Music
Rise and shine, BroadwayWorld! It is December 2, 2024 and it's time to catch up on all of the theatrical happenings you may have missed over the weekend.
POPULAR
Rise and shine, BroadwayWorld! It is December 2, 2024 and it's time to catch up on all of the theatrical happenings you may have missed over the weekend: 
But first...
Sunday, December 8Water for Elephants closes on BroadwayTammy Faye closes on Broadway
Video: Watch the Broadway Performances at the 2024 Macy's Thanksgiving Day Paradeby Nicole RoskyThe Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade, one of the nation's most cherished holiday traditions, marched down the streets of New York City for the 98th time this year. Check out the Broadway performances from this year's parade!
Video: Leslie Odom, Jr. Is the Christmas Croonerby Robert BannonWelcome to another Edition of The Roundtable on BroadwayWorld! This week Leslie Odom Jr. is here. We love Leslie! We love Christmas! Put them together and it is a Holiday Broadway Party coming across the US this December! 
Interview: LEFT ON TENTH Playwright Delia Ephron Is Making Miracles On Broadwayby A.A. CristiThe romantic comedy is alive and well on Broadway in the charming new play, Left On Tenth. from novelist, essayist, screenwriter, and bona fide rom-com icon, Delia Ephron, co-writer of the classic films, You've Got Mail and Sleepless in Seattle. Read our interview with Delia!
Exclusive: Taye Diggs Reflects on Career and Judging Role on SECOND CHANCE STAGEby Josh SharpeRead our interview with stage and screen star, Taye Diggs, as he discusses his new role on Second Chance Stage, now streaming on Max, and more!
Video: Idina Menzel Sings from REDWOOD and More at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Paradeby Nicole Roskydina Mezel and more of your Broadway favorites turned out for the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade! Check out their performances and appearances here!
WICKED Movie Gets Trigger Warning In UK For 'Upsetting' Response to Green Skinby Michael MajorThe Wicked movie has received a trigger warning in the U.K. for 'discrimination.' The British Board of Film Classification has ruled that audiences may find seeing “beloved characters” being mistreated as “upsetting and poignant.'. (more...) 
Emma Thompson-Penned NANNY MCPHEE Musical Eyes 2026 West End Runby Stephi WildThe musical adaptation of the fantasy movie Nanny McPhee, written by Emma Thompson, is eyeing a run in London's West End in 2026.. (more...) 
Video: New WICKED Trailer Features Cynthia Erivo's 'The Wizard and I'by Stephi WildAn all new Wicked trailer premiered during yesterday's airing of Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade on NBC. The trailer features Cynthia Erivo's rendition of 'The Wizard and I', set to scenes from the film. Check out the trailer here!. (more...)
Video: Sabrina Carpenter Sings WICKED Movie's 'Defying Gravity' Riffby Michael MajorSabrina Carpenter had a Wicked Thanksgiving. The 'Espresso' hitmaker went to see the new movie musical on Thanksgiving this year. Watch a video of her singing Cynthia Erivo's 'Defying Gravity' riff heard at the end of the film.. (more...) 
Video: London Cast of NATASHA, PIERRE & THE GREAT COMET OF 1812 Sing 'Prologue'by Stephi WildAn all new video has been released from rehearsal for the UK premiere of Dave Malloy’s Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet Of 1812. The song ‘Prologue’ introduces the audience to the cast of characters in the show. Check out the video here!. (more...)
David Lindsey- Abaire
Other birthdays on this date include:Clay AikenDavid AuburnSteven Hoggett
See you bright and early tomorrow, BroadwayWorld!
- Kimberly Akimbo
Dead Outlaw is the darkly hilarious and wildly inventive musical about the bizarre true story of outlaw-turned-corpse-turned-celebrity Elmer McCurdy. As Elmer’s body finds even more outlandish adventures in death than it could have ever hoped for in life, the show explores fame, failure, and the meaning – or, utter meaninglessness – of legacy. Dying is no reason to stop living life to its fullest. 
BroadwayWorld is saddened to report the passing of Tony-nominated actor Stephen Mo Hanan. Hanan passed away on April 3, 2025 at his home in Manhattan.
Actors' Equity Association is raising alarm over President Donald Trump’s latest budget proposal, which calls for the elimination of federal funding for the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) and other cultural agencies.
A bevy of Broadway’s brightest stars - from icons Jennifer Holliday and Andrea Martin to show-stopping newcomers Tom Francis and Jasmine Amy Rogers - lit up the Al Hirschfeld Theatre on April 28, 2025, at the inaugural Broadway Dream Roles. Get a first look at highlights from the event!
Jordan Litz and his Wicked co-stars have returned with another installment of the 'Swankified Stairwell Sessions.' This time, they video features Allie Trimm and Mary Kate Morrissey for a performance of 'What Is This Feeling?'
Videos
Recommended For You
Sign up for announcements, and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
© 2025 - Copyright Wisdom Digital Media, all rights reserved. Privacy Policy