Tyla appears to have mixed up Sabrina Carpenter with an athlete competing in the 2024 Paris Olympics.
During a recent interview ahead of Friday's opening ceremony, Tyla was asked which olympian she's most excited to watch. Tyla named Carpenter, who recently scored her first No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 with her hit single "Please Please Please."
"Sabrina Carpenter," Tyla replied. "She's killing it right now so I'm excited to see her."
Earlier this week, Tyla hit the stage at the Prelude to the Olympics party, which was hosted by Charlize Theron and Serena Williams and also featured a star-studded guest list that included LeBron James, Zendaya, and Mick Jagger, among others.
The 22-year-old singer performed hits like "Water," "Jump," and "Thata Ahh."
Tyla gets a pass for being unaware of American culture. Back in March, the South African vocalist didn't realize she ran into U.S. congresswoman Nancy Pelosi during a 2024 Grammys afterparty.
"I had no idea," Tyla told People about her run-in with Pelosi. "I didn’t know who she was, honestly, but I think she may have known because she asked to take a picture with me, so I was like, 'OK, cool.' She held my hand, and I was like, 'Are you sure we should hold hands?' Because I didn't know. I was kind of feeling a bit tight, but she was like, 'Hold my hand, hold my hand.' It was cute."
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Tyla 'Had No Idea' Who Nancy Pelosi Was During Grammys Afterparty Photo
music | BY tara mahadevan
Tyla on Her South African 'Coloured' Identity: 'I Never Denied My Blackness'
pop-culture | BY tara mahadevan
Tyla on Kai Cenat 'We Friends Tho' Comment Blowing Up: 'The Thing Stretched'
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.