Posted by Ally Reid at Monday, December 9, 2024 at 12:11 PM
    
Sabrina Carpenter is serving up sophistication with a caffeinated twist! The multi-talented singer and actress has just launched her latest fragrance, “Me Espresso”, a special edition that’s already turning heads—and noses.
In a recent Instagram post, Sabrina teased her fans with a playful caption: “soft skin and i perfumed it for ya ☕️ Introducing ‘Me Espresso,’ the New Special Edition Fragrance available now! this one has become my new staple and obsession..”
True to its name, “Me Espresso” combines warm, comforting notes inspired by your favorite coffee shop vibes with a touch of Sabrina’s signature elegance. It’s the perfect scent for those cozy moments that feel like self-care in a bottle, whether you’re on the go or savoring a quiet morning with a cup of joe.
Fans are already buzzing about the new fragrance, with many sharing their excitement and anticipation for what Sabrina calls her “staple and obsession.” If her previous scents are any indication, “Me Espresso” is bound to become a favorite among fragrance enthusiasts and Sabrina’s loyal followers alike.
Ready to experience it for yourself? “Me Espresso” is available now, so grab your bottle and indulge in a spritz of sweet sophistication. Who wouldn’t want to smell as iconic as Sabrina Carpenter herself?
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)

            REUTERS/Jeenah Moon
        
Become A FLY92.3 VIP!
Get Our Free App Now!  Let's Go Everywhere Together
Exclusive Contests, Content & More!  Join Now!
Start Your Day With Jake & Libby
Everybody Loves Cake
Join FLY92.3 For An Amazing Weekend Of Music And More!

                                    Cheer on the Albany Firebird this season at the MVP Arena!!

Get your tickets now to secure your seat to all the action and be part of the Firebirds' journey ...
                                

                                    The Cohoes Public Library will be hosting a Suicide Prevention event: Talk Saves Lives by the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention.
                                

                                    Basket raffle to benefit Witches Kittens Inc & Almost home 501c3 rescues. 5/10/25 10-2. 120 Bulson rd Greenwich ny. Lunch/desserts available for purchase.
                                

                                    The 77th annual Albany Tulip Festival, presented by KeyBank will be held in the historic Washington Park, the 81-acre "crown jewel" of the City on Saturday May ...