Coronation Street fans have been responding to the wave of cast departures following some significant announcements and recent reports.
Although some of the names have not yet been officially confirmed by the show, hints and teasers suggest that several familiar faces will be leaving the cobbles. Corrie has also confirmed that certain characters are set to exit in the upcoming weeks or months.
Three cast members have declared their departures, while two others recently revealed that their time on the show would not be indefinite. Despite one cast member denying an exit a year ago, it appears they will now be leaving the show.
The most notable departure is the confirmed exit of soap legend Gail Platt, with actress Helen Worth stepping down from the role after 50 years. This recent news left viewers heartbroken, with her exit storyline currently being filmed.
Not included in the six exits is Sean Wilson's character Martin Platt, who was supposed to return and leave with Gail. He exited the show during filming before his comeback even aired, resulting in a rewrite of the storyline, reports the Mirror.
In addition to Gail's departure, Peter Ash is also set to leave the show, with his character Paul Foreman expected to die in heartbreaking scenes at some point. The much-loved character was diagnosed with motor neurone disease late last year and learned he did not have long to live, with Peter already filming his final scenes.
The departure of certain characters from the beloved show has deeply affected viewers due to its tragic story arc and convincing performances. Two antagonists, Joel Deering and Rowan Cunliffe, much to some fans' likely relief, are rumoured to be written out soon.
Reports surfaced weeks prior, suggesting that actors Calum Lill and Emryhs Cooper had already shot their final scenes.
This news surfaces as Joel's nefarious deeds begin to emerge, while con artist Rowan could finally face his downfall in a forthcoming plot line. Another exit set in stone is that of Max Turner's ex-girlfriend and Betsy Swain's friend Sabrina, with the actress announcing on Instagram her departure after wrapping up filming duties.
Luana Santos expressed gratitude for her time on the series, which sparked an outpouring of fan disappointment. Social media saw one fan regretfully post: "Noooo Sabrina's left the show!" while another commented: "Ah that's a shame I think Sabrina had potential."
There's also buzz about the return of Beth Tinker, following reports in December that Lisa George might leave the series. Next week's spoilers hint at a forced exit for Beth's character amid talk of a possible summer goodbye.
With several characters gearing up for exits, the audience reactions were varied; amongst them, a sorrowful emoji captured one viewer's sentiment over the imminent departure of six characters. Discussing Beth's upcoming storyline, another remarked: "I think it's a poor exit for her."
One fan was quite adamant about Rowan's departure from the show, stating: "Rowan needs to exit stage left IMMEDIATELY!!!" Meanwhile, Lucy Fallon who plays Bethany Platt in the series will also be taking a maternity break after her recent announcement of expecting a child.
She assured fans on Instagram, saying: "Lots of Corrie related Q's. I won't be away for toooo long and I am returning after I pop the baby out xx." The roster of farewells is extended with Stu Carpenter's character being written out of the storyline, as actor Bill Fellows wraps up his final filming sessions.
Coronation Street is available to watch on ITV X.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.