By CAROLINE PEACOCK 
 Published:  14:17, 8 November 2024   |  Updated:  17:55, 8 November 2024   
 42
View  comments
Barry Keoghan showed off his trendy sense of style as he attended a special screening of his new film Bird in New York on Thursday.
The Saltburn actor, 32, looked effortlessly cool for the event, opting for a more understated look than usual.
He sported a classic Burberry print collared jacket - after starring in the brand's latest campaign - worn over a plain white T-shirt and baggy green trousers. 
The star appeared in high spirits as he also posed for snaps with Bird director Andrea Arnold and video artist Savanah Leaf.
Andrea looked incredible in a black denim jacket, while Savanah stunned in an all black ensemble.
Barry Keoghan looked effortlessly stylish in Burberry jacket as he attended a special screening of his new movie Bird in NYC on Thursday
The movie, which is Barry's first role since his viral performance in Saltburn, received a seven-minute standing ovation at the 77th Cannes Film Festival earlier this year.
Bird follows affable but unreliable father-of-two, Bug (Barry), who has fallen in love with a single mother, Peyton (Jasmine Jobson).
The resulting joining of families threatens to further disrupt an already erratic northern Kent household.
Looking for an escape, Bug's daughter Bailey (Nykiya Adams) ventures out and meets an eccentric, troubled guy named Bird (Franz Rogowski) who asks her for help.
Barry told reporters in May that Andrea didn't provide the cast with a traditional script, something he called 'pure, spontaneous, and instinctive.' 
The actor added: 'She's almost trying to break you down in the gentlest way so you can be honest and truthful.'
'Bird has been the most artistic experience ever for me as an actor. I hope it shows on screen. 
'I don't like to say there's any composure of an actor up there on screen. I am totally immersed, and I feel the approach is in an unstructured way. 
The star appeared in high spirits as he also posed for snaps with Bird director Andrea Arnold 
Barry and video artist Savanah Leaf had a snap together at the event
Bird follows affable but unreliable father-of-two, Bug (Barry), who has fallen in love with a single mother, Peyton (Jasmine Jobson)
'Andrea creates that and sets that documentary style, and you can only be truthful to it. You kind of get found out if you're acting.'
Elsewhere, Barry recently opened up about his romance with his pop star girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter.
He gushed over his relationship with the Espresso hitmaker, 25, when asked directly about it on Spotify's The Louis Theroux Podcast.
'Oh, I knew you'd do this,' he replied to the host with a laugh.
He went on to praise Carpenter — who is currently on a sold-out tour — for her incredible talent and said that he felt 'blessed' to be dating her.
'Listen, all I'm going to say is I'm incredibly blessed. Such a strong, independent lady who's massively talented and yeah,' Keoghan said, adding: 'Pretty special.'
Elsewhere, Barry recently opened up about his romance with his pop star girlfriend Sabrina Carpenter, above with him in May
The couple has been dating since late 2023 yet have kept their romance relatively low-key.
They've yet to make their red carpet debut but they did pose up together at the 2024 Met Gala in May.
Just last month, Sabrina discussed casting her real-life boyfriend and her onscreen love interest in her Please Please Please music video, which was released in June.
She told the hosts of CBS Sunday Morning that she trusted her 'not-even-biased opinion' when she decided to have him play the music video's 'bad boy'.
'I, genuinely — like, a not-even-biased opinion — I was like, 'Who's the greatest actor that I can find for this music video?' And he was next to me in a chair,' she recalled.
'And he was so excited about it,' she said of Keoghan's reaction.
Just last month, Sabrina discussed casting her real-life boyfriend and her onscreen love interest in her Please Please Please music video, which was released in June
She told the hosts of CBS Sunday Morning that she trusted her 'not-even-biased opinion' when she decided to have him play the music video's 'bad boy'; Sabrina seen in August 
When asked if the father-of-one is a fan of the record and the rest of her discography, the songstress eagerly said he liked it a lot.
'He likes the song, which is great. He's a fan of the song,' the singer shared, adding that he 'does like my music a lot, yeah'.
Sabrina explained that she is cautious about keeping her relationship private but understands that publicity comes with the price of fame.
'It's not what I signed up for, but I can't really help when I was born,' she said.
'I want to be honest — I want to just write about what's happening in my life as a 25-year-old girl,' she added.
'But it comes with the territory and I just have to be like… OK!' she added.
Sabrina is on her fifth headlining concert tour, the Short n' Sweet Tour, which kicked off on September 23 in Columbus, Ohio.
She is set to wrap at the Crypto.com Arena in Los Angeles on November 15.
It is not yet known if the Girl Meets World actress will take the tour overseas.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group