Right now hottie Sabrina inspires our post-Halloween peek at pop culture, community news and top headlines. 
Check TKC news gathering . . . 
Changes are on the way to Swope Park, located at Swope Parkway and East Meyer Boulevard.
Election Day protocol is important, so FOX4 took your questions to two people who know best.
An intoxicated driver hit a police car early this morning.
Early voting in Johnson County begins Saturday, Oct. 19, and voters will be able to cast advanced ballots between then and Election Day on Nov. 5. This crit ...
Eric Hosmer has called for players to boycott an ESPN reporter for his response to the fan interference incident during Game 4 of the World Series.
Sabrina Carpenter embraced the Halloween spirit at her concert in a bold Playboy costume-just days after her ex Shawn Mendes shared the 'truth' about his sexuality during his own show.
Donald Trump said former Rep. Liz Cheney is a "war hawk" who should be fired upon, as he raged against one of his most prominent intra-party critics while campaigning Thursday night in Arizona.
VP Kamala Harris was mocked on social media over her response to a heckler in the crowd while she was speaking in Reno, Nevada on the campaign trail Thursday night.
Tucker Carlson claims he was 'clawed and bloodied' by a 'demon' in a terrifying attack in a new documentary.
Report outlines how European Union citizens should increase preparedness in case of emergencies, including Russian aggression.
They were killed in two areas, in the deadliest series of rocket attacks on Israel in months.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) - It's the time of year - tradition says - when the veil between the worlds of the living and the dead is lifted. That traditional belief has morphed over the centuries into the spooky and secular celebration of Halloween. But one day later, Christians in many countries around the world are...
If you're hunting for the perfect holiday gift for the food and drink lovers in your life, you've come to the right place. When planning our holiday issue, the team at IN Kansas City thought: Who better to ask about gifts to give food lovers than the local chefs who feed us?
A fantastic start to November, but heavy rain moves in for the weekend.
Sabrina Carpenter - Please Please Please / Taste / Espresso is the song of the day and this is the OPEN THREAD for right now.
TKC COMMENT POLICY:Be percipient, be nice. Don't be a spammer. BE WELL!!!- The Management