Celebrity costumes are sure to be incredibly popular for Halloween 2024, with Google sharing that searches spiked for Australian breakdancer Raygun and singer Sabrina Carpenter.
Looks like plenty of folks will be taking it to the dance floor for Halloween 2024. 
With the release of their new "Frightgeist" site, Google is letting users take a look at this year's most-searched Halloween costumes and helping them figure out exactly how to achieve each look. When it comes to the celebrity people are looking to dress up as this year, one person reigns supreme: 2024 Paris Olympics breakdancer Raygun.
The Australian athlete—real name Rachael Gunn—made headlines during the Summer Games with her unconventional performance that earned zero points from the judges due to its simple dance moves.
But that hasn't stopped the general public from taking a cue out of Raygun's closet, searching for green and yellow track suits, according to Google.
And Raygun isn't the only celeb who is trending this year. Google also shared that searches for Sabrina Carpenter costumes skyrocketed, with many looking to recreate her iconic heart corset look for spooky season.
Meanwhile, Soulja Boy—who is best known for his 2007 hit "Crank That (Soulja Boy)"—is also coming in hot, with folks searching for oversized shirts, sunglasses and baseball caps reminiscent of the rapper.
As for iconic pop culture characters, internet users are looking for costume inspiration from Beetlejuice Beetlejuice and Deadpool & Wolverine. In fact, searches for Shrunken Head Bob from the Beetlejuice sequel have gone up.
And for those planning a group costume, Inside Out 2's Envy, Anger, Disgust, Anxiety and Joy are all trending this year, with Google sharing that fans have been asking, "What does envy mean?"
With Halloween only weeks away, it's no wonder everyone is trying to finalize what they'll be wearing. But if you're Heidi Klum—a.k.a. Queen of Halloween—you've already been planning for months.
In September, the America's Got Talent judge gave fans a sneak peek of what she'll be wearing at her annual fright fest, posting a video of what appeared to be a prosthetics mold with the caption, "#HeidiHalloween is starting to take shape…"
More recently, she shared a photo of herself in a brown compression bodysuit meant to be worn under special effects makeup.
"There's a clue here," she captioned her Oct. 7 Instagram post "but I just can't put my finger on it."
While you're busy pondering what you'll be dressing up as this year, keep reading to see how your favorite celebs are already celebrating the holiday.
Dylan Sprouse & Barbara Palvin
The couple got into the spooky spirit at their Halloween bash with Casamigos.
Heidi Klum & Tom Kaulitz
The model and her husband matched as Mr. and Mrs. E.T. at her annual bash in New York City.
Khloe Kardashian
Me-ow! The Kardashians star was the purr-fect black cat for Halloween.
Lupita Nyong’o
The Oscar winner blew into the Broadway opening of Teeth dressed as Storm from X-Men.
Sophie Turner
The Game of Thrones alum channeled The Matrix, writing on Instagram, "Red or blue pill."
Joey King
Try everything? The Kissing Booth actress took that advice seriously, channeling Zootopia's Flash Slothmore.
Kacey Musgraves
The country singer followed her arrow as an armadillo.
Scott Foley, Kerry Washington & Tony Goldwyn
The Scandal costars aced their Challengers group costume.
Katy Perry
With the 2024 U.S. presidential election just days after Halloween, the "Roar" singer reminded Americans about their civic duty with her patriotic costume.
Cardi B
The "WAP" rapper looked red-hot in her Jessica Rabbit costume.
Ashley Tisdale & Christopher French
The High School Musical alum's family—including kids Jupiter and Emerson—were all in this together, dressing up as characters from The Wizard of Oz.
Heather Rae El Moussa & Tarek El Moussa
Love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage. Just ask the HGTV hosts, who dressed as Peggy Bundy and Al Bundy from Married... with Children.
Tyga
The "Rack City" rapper's heart grew three sizes as the Grinch during Darren Dzienciol’s Haunted Hotel presented by Utopia and Casa Azul Organic Tequila, at The Fairmont Century City in Los Angeles.
Selena Gomez & Benny Blanco
Don't be late to check out the pair's Alice in Wonderland couples costume.
Halle Berry
The Oscar winner was feeling witchy with her cat.
Kaley Cuoco & Tom Pelphrey
The Big Bang Theory alum dressed as her fiancé, while he looked the part of the actress in pink. Meanwhile, their daughter Matilda rocked a unicorn costume.
Ed Sheeran
The "Shape of You" singer had the perfect response to the viral AI-generated meme of himself. As he put it on Instagram, "Haters will say its AI #halloweenbruv #feltcutemightdeletelater."
Jennifer Garner
Prepare to be razzle-dazzled after the actress slipped back into her Jenna Rink dress from 13 Going on 30.
Victoria Beckham & David Beckham
Posh Spice and the soccer star wore scary masks to celebrate Halloween with their daughter Harper.
Diane Kruger
The Inglorious Basterds actress was ready for her first day of classes at Nevermore Academy dressed as Wednesday Addams.
Jennifer Love Hewitt
The I Know What You Did Last Summer star slayed with her Lydia Deetz costume.
Alyson Hanningan & Alexis Denisof
"Swifties get me," the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum joked of her couples costume with her husband, which was a reference to Taylor Swift's "So High School" lyric, "You know how to ball, I know Aristotle."
Kelly Rowland
Halloween was a dog day afternoon for the Destiny's Child singer, who dressed up as Bluey's mom opposite of her son Noah.
Lily Collins
The Emily in Paris star spiced up her Halloween by channeling both Spice Girls' Emma Bunton and Victoria Beckham.
Kat Dennings & Andrew W.K.
The 2 Broke Girls alum and her rocker husband partied hard as a cat and a wizard, respectively.
Halle Bailey & Chloe Bailey
Jinkies and jeepers! The sisters were the perfect mystery solvers as Daphne and Velma from Scooby Doo. 
Elizabeth Gillies
The former Nickelodeon star looked unrecognizable as the titular villain in Longlegs.
Camila Cabello
In girl world, the "Havana" singer paid tribute to Mean Girls by wearing Regina George's Halloween costume.
Irina Shayk & Bradley Cooper
The friendly exes dressed as Lara Croft and a wolf, respectively, to take their daughter Lea trick-or-treating.
Gwen Stefani
There was no doubt the "Hollaback Girl" singer was going all out for Halloween, dressing up as Snow White to throw a party.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.