By AMY LAMARE FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:53, 8 September 2024   |  Updated:  08:59, 8 September 2024   
 50
View  comments
It was a Saltburn reunion on the red carpet at the Toronto International Film Festival as Jacob Elordi, 27, and Barry Keoghan, 31, posted for pics together.
The two actors were at the annual film festival promoting separate projects but took a moment on the Variety TIFF step-and-repeat to reenact the playfulness from their Saltburn press tour.
The Euphoria star and Sabrina Carpenter's boyfriend wore nearly identical, long sleeve knit tops with Elordi's in white and Keoghan's in pale blue with three white stripes on the left sleeve.
Elordi is in Toronto promoting his latest project, On Swift Horses which co-stars Daniel Minahan, Daisy Edgar-Jones, Sasha Calle, Diego Calva and Will Poulter.
Keoghan premiered his new film, the drama Bird, along with his co-star Nykiya Adams at the annual fete.
It was a Saltburn reunion on the red carpet at the Toronto International Film Festival as Jacob Elordi, 27, and Barry Keoghan, 31, posted for pics together
The two actors were at the annual film festival promoting separate projects but took a moment on the Variety TIFF step-and-repeat to reenact the playfulness from their Saltburn press tour
Elordi, who is 6'5" tall, towered over 5'8" Keoghan who wore an pair of artfully distressed jeans. 
Meanwhile, Dakota Johnson, 34, sat down with Variety in their studio at the film festival to talk about her directorial debut Loser Baby.
The Madame Web star looked ready for fall in a tan Gucci blazer with the fashion house's iconic logo printed all over it in black.
She paired the $2,550 blazer with a black top and light wash jeans and accessorized with a heavy gold link necklace. 
Loser Baby is a 23-minute short film written by and starring Talia Bernstein follows a queer women whose friends get her to take a close look at her own relationship.
'It wasn't immediate that I was going to direct it. But then I got quite jealous of somebody else directing it because all my friends were going to be in it,' Johnson told Variety. 
'So, it was mostly just me feeling left out and possessive. That's what made me decide to do it.' 
Sydney Sweeney, Jude Law and Ana de Armas are at TIFF to look for a distributor for their film Eden from director Ron Howard.
The White Lotus star, 26, looked darling in the Variety studio in a red babydoll dress with her blonde hair styled in a half up / half down hairdo.
Law, meanwhile, looked his usual charming self in white dress shirt over a tank top and grey dress pants.
de Armas, 36, looked chic in a black blouse and pencil skirt that emphasized her slender figure.
Eden is based on a true story about a group of people in the harsh wilderness of the Galapagos Islands that Howard likens to a real life version of Survivor.
Pamela Anderson, 57, looked amazing in a white shirt and long black skirt on the step-and-repeat.
The Baywatch alum appears in The Last Showgirl as a veteran Las Vegas showgirl at one of the city's last traditional floor shows whose life is thrown into uncertainty when the show announces its closure. 
Keoghan premiered his new film, the drama Bird, along with his co-star Nykiya Adams at the annual fete
Keoghan stopped by the Variety TIFF Studio
The boyfriend of Sabrina Carpenter rocked Louis Vuitton sneakers for the event in Toronto
For the Bird premiere, Keoghan changed into a pink knit sweater vest and brown boots
He got playful for the cameras with co-star Nykiya Adams 
Barry also attended Entertainment Weekly's The Awardist Party at 1 Hotel in Toronto 
(L-R) Barry, Mikey Madison and Sean Baker pose for photos in Toronto on Saturday 
On a busy day, the Irish actor called into the Variety and Chanel Female Filmmakers Dinner
Meanwhile, Dakota Johnson, 34, sat down with Variety in their studio at the film festival to talk about her directorial debut Loser Baby
The Madame Web star looked ready for fall in a tan Gucci blazer with the fashion house's iconic logo printed all over it in black
Sydney Sweeney, Jude Law and Ana de Armas are at TIFF to look for a distributor for their film Eden from director Ron Howard
Sweeney, 26, looked darling in the Variety studio in a red babydoll dress with her blonde hair styled in a half up, half down hairdo
Eden is based on a true story about a group of people in the harsh wilderness of the Galapagos Islands that Howard likens to a real life version of Survivor
de Armas, 36, looked chic in a black blouse and pencil skirt that emphasized her slender figure
Law, meanwhile, looked his usual charming self in white dress shirt over a tank top and grey dress pants
Eden is based on the true story of a few European settlers coming to Floreana island
Pamela Anderson , 57, looked amazing in a white shirt and long black skirt on the step-and-repeat
The Baywatch alum appears in The Last Showgirl as a veteran Las Vegas showgirl at one of the city's last traditional floor shows whose life is thrown into uncertainty when the show announces its closure
Scottish actress Tilda Swinton, 63, was dressed nearly identically to Anderson in a white blouse and long black skirt
She stars opposite Julianne Moore in Pedro Almodóvar's The Room Next Door
Swinton plays Martha while Moore plays her good friend and best-selling author Ingrid
Elton John was also in attendance with husband David Furnish
The Rocket Man singer looked in high spirits despite recently revealing he's been left with limited vision in his left eye due to an infection
Scottish actress Tilda Swinton, 63, was dressed nearly identically to Anderson in a white blouse and long black skirt.
She stars opposite Julianne Moore in Pedro Almodóvar's The Room Next Door. Swinton plays Martha while Moore plays her good friend and best-selling author Ingrid.
Martha has terminal cancer and asks Ingrid to be in the room next door as she chooses to end her life with dignity via the use of euthanasia pills. 
The Toronto International Film Festival runs from September 5 to 15. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group