cryptic take
Shawn Mendes is breaking his silence—or at least offering a cryptic take—on the love triangle rumors surrounding him, Sabrina Carpenter, and his ex, Camila Cabello. The "26-year-old Stitches" singer appeared in a preview clip for an upcoming episode of John Mayer's SiriusXM show "How's Life," which will air on Thursday. 
During their conversation, Shawn opened up about navigating complex emotions in past relationships, hinting at a situation that closely aligns with the rumored love triangle.  
"Two days before going to hang with my ex, [I] express I'm going to hang with my ex because I have unresolved feelings," Shawn told Mayer, seemingly alluding to his rekindled romance with Camila Cabello in 2023. He added, "Maybe instead of two days, it could have been two weeks," reflecting on how he might have better communicated his intentions.  
The Canadian crooner also shared a deeper perspective on relationships, revealing the most challenging lesson he's learned along the way. "No one gets out of this life without getting hurt, and no one gets out of this life without hurting someone," he admitted, acknowledging the inevitable complexities of love and heartbreak.  
Shawn's comments have sparked a flurry of speculation among fans, many of whom believe he was referencing the 2023 rumors of a love triangle involving Carpenter, 25, and Cabello, 27. At the time, Shawn was rumored to be dating the "Espresso" singer Sabrina Carpenter, though he denied their relationship status. 
During this period, he was also seen reconnecting with his ex, Camila, leaving fans wondering about the nature of their relationship. While Shawn, Sabrina, and Camila have not explicitly addressed the love triangle rumors, fans are convinced that Sabrina hinted at the situation in her song "Taste."  
But "Taste" might not be the only song. In an interview with Nylon, Cabello discussed the song "June Gloom," which many fans think is inspired by the love triangle. “I wrote ‘June Gloom’ after I had hung out with [the song’s subject],” she said. “I went into the studio the next day and said, ‘Jasper, can you play me some beats?’ He was like, ‘This one, this one,’ and he skipped over ‘June Gloom.’ I was like, ‘Oh wait! Go back!’” 
Cabello shared that she didn't want to write about it while others were in the studio with her. “When I know I’m about to be intimate, I don’t want anybody [there]," she said. "I wrote it so fast because to me, everything is so personal.” 
This isn't the first time Shawn has been candid about his public perception and relationship struggles. Earlier this year, he revealed he was still "figuring out" his sexuality and reflected on feeling pressured to date publicly. "Since I was really young, there's been this thing about my sexuality, and people have been talking about it for so long," he shared. "I think it's kind of silly because I think sexuality is such a beautifully complex thing, and it's so hard to just put into boxes."
Mendes explained how these conversations have felt invasive. "It always felt like such an intrusion on something very personal to me, something that I was figuring out in myself, something that I had yet to discover, and still have yet to discover," he added. Mendes said he's "speaking freely now" to foster a connection with his audience. 
"The real truth about my life and my sexuality is that, man, I'm just figuring it out like everyone. I don't really know sometimes, and I know other times," Mendes continued, noting the challenges of self-discovery in a society that is often quick to label. "I'm trying to be really brave and just allow myself to be a human and feel things. And that's all I really want to say about that for now."
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.