Manage your account
As voters hit the polls on Election Day, celebrities are showing up to voting centers and posting selfies with “I voted” stickers en masse. Some are taking it one step further, like Anne Hathaway, for instance, who hopped on social media to encourage voters at colleges and universities — particularly in Pennsylvania – to stay in line, all to the tune of her own rendition of Sabrina Carpenter’s “Please Please Please.”
“Hey everybody, so I hear that there’s crazy long lines at college campuses, which oh my gosh, you guys thank you for showing up to vote,” she says before slapping on a pair of shades and singing Carpenter’s hit, with adjusted lyrics. “And I just wanted to say if you are on a line right now: Please, please, please stay on the line / Please, please, please, especially at UPenn and Temple just wait out your time / Voting is magic but also annoying / You waited out this long, let’s make it not boring / Oh please, please, please, hold the line.”
More from Variety
Trump Stock Drops Amid Volatile Trading; Markets Rally and Media Shares Mostly Higher on Election Day
Google Explains Why Search for 'Where Can I Vote for Harris' Showed a Map While Similar Trump Search Didn't
Sabrina Carpenter Registered 27,000 Voters on Tour, Engaged More Voters Through HeadCount Than Any Artist in 2024
While Hathaway is doing her part, one lyric change at a time, Carpenter has been engaged in this year’s presidential election by encouraging people to register to vote. In fact, she managed to engage more voters through HeadCount than any other artist in 2024, registering 35,814 new voters and engaging 263,087 voters through giveaways, in-person activations and video boards on her “Short n’ Sweet” arena tour.
Among celebrities who are showing up on Election Day, Paul Rudd made a surprise appearance to hand out water to students who were waiting in line to vote in Pennsylvania. “I just wanted to give people water,” Rudd told MSNBC. “They’re waiting in line for a long time, and it’s a wonderful thing that all these young people are out voting.”
Best of Variety
New Movies Out Now in Theaters: What to See This Week 
What's Coming to Netflix in November 2024
The Best Celebrity Memoirs to Read This Year: From Al Pacino to Lisa Marie Presley
Sign up for Variety's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.