Philippa Ward, grade 3, Washington
Evy Nelson, grade 1, Epiphany
Each week, “Flying Horse” features dozens of Central Illinois children’s thoughts and drawings on various topics. This week: Music
Calming: I love music because it makes me calm. Music is so relaxing because it is catchy. I love Taylor Swift’s music; it makes me feel.
Lillian Madlem
Grade 2, Corpus Christi
Christmas concert: I like music because we have a Christmas concert. My music teacher’s name is Mrs. Manuel. I like the drums because they sound like a stomping sound.
Beckham Nihells
Grade 1, Epiphany
Christmas music: What type of music do you like? I personally love Christmas music. Anything you like, I like.
Aubrey Arnhart
Grade 4, Grove
Taylor Swift: My favorite singer is Taylor Swift. I love her song “22.” I went to her concert. On my Alexa I play Taylor Swift.
Ava Ruff
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
Country music: I like country because it makes me so calm, and I want to sing a country song.
Kelfan Simpsen
Grade 2, Northpoint
Michael Jackson: My favorite music is Michael Jackson's song "Zombie." And the song "Africa." It makes me happy and proud.
Brandon Crabb
Grade 4, Northpoint
Miley Cyrus: I like to dance and listen to music. Miley Cyrus is my favorite singer. I dance to Michael Jackson.
Gael Nsiangani
Grade 5, Northpoint 
Sing and dance: I like to sing by myself. My favorite singer is Taylor Swift. I would give her lots of hugs if I met her. I think that music is lovely. Listening to music makes me want to dance.
Erick Dorkitt
Grade 1, Prairieland
Jazz music: Music can be many things. It can make your feelings change to happy or sad. Everyone likes different kinds of music. I like jazz and slower songs and my friend like hip-hop and rock. Music helps calm me down if I’m sad or mad. Music was a big change for the world.
Arabella Grazar
Grade 4, Prairieland
Trumpet: My favorite instrument is the trumpet. It is a fun brass instrument to play at Parkside Junior High. It has a small mouthpiece, valves, and a small slide. Also, it can get bent easily when you're not careful and is not cheap to get fixed. 
Braylen Collins
Grade 5, Prairieland
Kane Brown: I like Kane Brown music. My mom listens to his music a lot. I like his song, “Thank God.”
Joshua Grant
Grade 1, Sugar Creek
Instruments: Music is my favorite. You get to learn a lot of things. You also get to play with instruments. You only get instruments if you’re good.
Oliver Tripp Heimer
Grade 2, Washington 
Snoop Dog: I love music. My favorite rapper is Snoop Dog, and my favorite singer is Juice Wrld. And my favorite video game is MSM and that is a music game. Music is the best thing ever.
Colton Boyer
Grade 3, Washington 
Favorite songs: The songs that I like are “Espresso,” “Lover” and “Blue Suede Shoes.” My favorite song out of those is “Blue Suede Shoes.” I like that song most because I danced to it. 
Rachel Sherrod
Grade 5, Washington 
Rock 'n' Roll: My favorite song is “Burn It Down.” My favorite singer is Juice Wrld. I love doing it because I like the sounds. My favorite type of music is rock and Christmas music.
Jack Thoennes
Grade 2, Corpus Christi
Electric guitar: I like the electric guitar. I play a ratchet. I like music because I can dance to it. I play the piano.
Isabella Garza
Grade 1, Epiphany
Concert: I had a Christmas concert. One of my friends was my Santa. It was the best ever. Also, I got a speaking part. It was “he almost never takes Christmas day off.”
Warren Wilkey
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
The piano: I like to listen to music. I like to play the piano. I like Michael Jackson songs. 
Teja Yachamaneni
Grade 4, Northpoint 
Music: I like music. I like to dance. I play the xylophone.
Eligah Lewis
Grade 5, Northpoint
Sing along: I like to sing along with music. I like listening to music in the car. My favorite instrument is a drum. My favorite song is “Holly Jolly Christmas.”
Nolan Sarver
Grade 1, Prairieland
Listen to music: I love to listen to music. My favorite music artist is Taylor Swift. My favorite song by her is “Lavender Haze.” She has 11 albums. My favorite album by her is “Midnights” album. She is a really good singer. Music can be really amazing. It can be mind-blowing. Listen to music. It can give you a whole new experience from music.
Nora Julian
Grade 4, Prairieland
Sabrina Carpenter: My favorite singer is Sabrina Carpenter. Her songs make me feel positive and make me want to dance. Her voice is so beautiful. It can go from a low-pitch to a high-pitch note. If you have never listened to Sabrina Carpenter, I recommend it for some amazing music.
Alexa Vogelsang
Grade 5, Prairieland 
Music class: I love my music teacher. I am happy at music class. My favorite musical instrument is the cello.
Lucas Karimi
Grade 1, Sugar Creek 
Guitars: Guitars are my favorite instrument. My dad has them, but my dad’s favorite instrument is piano. My sister does band and her instrument is a trumpet.
Jacob Sturgill
Grade 2, Washington 
Red light, green light: My favorite music is "Red Light Green Light." It is very fun is my opinion. It is my favorite song because it makes me and my sister too. "Red Light Green Light" is the best song ever is my opinion.
Lailah Bell
Grade 3, Washington 
Christmas music: My favorite music is Christmas music because it is kind of catchy. I also like Christmas music because they sing about Jesus’ birth. My two favorite Christmas songs are “All I Want for Christmas Is You,” and “Have a Holly Jolly Christmas.”
Madalynn Holschbach
Grade 2, Corpus Christi
Make music: I like music because there are so many instruments that you can pick out to play. I like to make my own kind of music. Music can make you feel happy.
Felicity Bussan
Grade 1, Epiphany 
"Jingle Bells": My favorite Christmas song is “Jingle Bells.” I like many songs, but “Jingle Bells” is my favorite song of all  because I love the rhythm of it. I also like to sing along with and dance to it when I sing. 
Ella Stoller
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
Choir: I sing a song in choir. I play piano at home. The music makes me happy. I learn the songs. 
Rishi Penumala
Grade 5, Northpoint
Olivia Rodrigo: It is pretty. I love Olivia Rodrigo. I listen to my music on road trips. I love my dad’s music, too.
Blair Weber
Grade 1, Prairieland
Happy: I like music because it makes me happy! My favorite singer is Kane Brown.
Treasure Slayton
Grade 1, Sugar Creek 
Singing: I love singing. I love music. I love clapping in music. I love following along in music.
Levi Juvinall
Grade 2, Washington 
My dad: I like music. My dad is a music director. I think he is really good at it. When I grow up, my dad will teach me some basics. I have two favorite instruments: violin and saxophone. I already play the violin, but I don’t play in orchestra yet. I will play violin in orchestra and saxophone in band. 
Corrigan Whitman
Grade 3, Washington 
"Frosty the Snowman": My favorite music is Christmas. My favorite Christmas song is “Frosty the Snowman.” I like it because I like the name “Frosty the Snowman.”
Niko Delis
Grade 2, Corpus Christi
Mrs. Manuel: I was excited for my Christmas concert. I like to sing. I love Mrs. Manuel. She is my favorite music teacher.
Aubrey Beck
Grade 1, Epiphany
The Greatest Season: I had a Christmas concert. I worked very hard, and I practiced for 20 days. My favorite song was “The Greatest Season.” I was very nervous because I had a speaking part. 
Briggs Hook
Grade 2, Jefferson Park
Drums: I sing in my school choir. I play the bells at band. I also play the drums in band. 
Rayan Yasin
Grade 5, Northpoint
Love Story: My favorite song is “Love Story.” And music sometimes has instruments, and it could have normal noises.
Emerson Pierce
Grade 1, Prairieland
Catchy: My favorite song is "Jingle Bells." It is catchy.
Cooper Martin
Grade 1, Sugar Creek
Music is fun: I love music. I like it because you get to sing and dance. It is fun.
Emma Forgy
Grade 2, Washington 
Feels good: Music gets me ready for the day. It made me feel good.
Ava Sexton
Grade 2, Corpus Christi
Violin: I like doing violin. I like my violin teacher. I like instruments. I’m excited for the Christmas concert.
Rosalie Thompson
Grade 1, Epiphany
It's open topic time for three weeks, so write or draw about whatever you want. You can go back to one of the topics we've done before or stretch your imagination and come up with something new. It's up to you.
Publication dates: Jan. 5, 12, 19
Get local news delivered to your inbox!
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.