Billboard spoke with WWE's first-ever women's Crown Jewel champion Liv Morgan after her monumental win earlier this month in Saudi Arabia.

													By
												

	Carl Lamarre


	Earlier this month, Liv Morgan and Cody Rhodes became the first WWE superstars crowned Crown Jewel champions after participating in a grueling “Champion vs. Champion” match in Saudi Arabia. Morgan, currently the WWE’s Raw women’s champion, narrowly escaped in a neck-to-neck skirmish with the company’s irresistible force, Smackdown’s women’s title holder, Nia Jax.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Cardi B		
					






















	
		
					Megan Thee Stallion		
					






















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	Morgan, a Jersey-bred superstar, isn’t the same blonde bombshell whose pitbull grit made her a beloved favorite amongst fans. This iteration of Morgan is way more tenacious, bold, and, in some cases, sinister, plowing through her competitors with reckless abandon. Morgan’s callous disregard and unbending will have made her a leading face for a company looking to have a splashy impact with Netflix in 2025.

	










	“I’d love to cement my legacy in WWE. However, I decide to do that,” says Morgan. “I didn’t come from a wrestling family; I’m not a Division One athlete, and I came from nothing and fought for every opportunity I’ve been given. To carve my own legacy and create my own path in WWE when it’s all said and done, I would love that.” 




			Trending on Billboard		






Billboard spoke with Morgan about paying homage to Britney Spears’s “Oops, I Did It Again” with her bodysuit at King and Queen of the Ring, wanting Sabrina Carpenter to perform her theme song at WrestleMania, and doubling down on her challenge to fight Cardi B and Megan Thee Stallion at SummerSlam at MetLife. Check out the full interview below.

Which moment was more special for you: winning your first singles title or being the inaugural women’s Crown Jewel champ?

	Man, that’s a hard one because they both mean so much to me on different levels. You never forget your first championship win and me growing up a lifelong WWE fan to finally win my first title in such a big way, winning Money in the Bank and cashing in to defeat Ronda Rousey, it was the epitome of my dream coming true. It was so overwhelming that it didn’t feel real, but being the inaugural, first and only Women’s Crown Jewel champion, that is so much bigger than me. We made history in Saudi Arabia. Every time we go there, there’s so much more progression each and every time. Nia Jax and I made history competing in the first-ever Women’s Crown Jewel championship match and I made history becoming the first and only Crown’s Jewel championship winner. They both are completely different, but so equally important to me. 

	










Like you, Cody was named the inaugural champion, but on the men’s side. What was the conversation like after you two were crowned winners?

	I think we both were happy, proud and honored that it was us. He was just like, “How heavy is that thing,” because the title is so big, beautiful and embellished [laughs]. It’s like my size, essentially. It’s so heavy, but so cool.
A post shared by Paul "Triple H" Levesque (@tripleh)

You’re a Jersey girl through and through who worked at Hooters. What elements of that 20-year-old Liv Morgan still runs in your veins your today while being WWE women’s world champion?

	I think all the best parts of that Liv Morgan remain — that passion, that drive, that want, that fire, that love for this business. I feel like I’ve been fortunate that all those elements have never wavered from me once. I’ve always just wanted to see how great I can be in WWE and to give myself that opportunity. To be putting in the work the last decade of my life and to kind of be at the pinnacle of WWE right now as the face of the women’s division and as your women’s world champion and first and only women’s Crown Jewel champion, it feels incredible. I just really hope that I do it justice at the end of the day. 

I was talking to my boys. 

	What they say? 

They were talking a little bit of s–t. 

	I love that, I love that! Tell me what they said please, please.

You’re doing your thing, but you’re claiming you retired Becky Lynch…

	I did! Did I not?! Have you seen Becky Lynch since I made her lose the title and gave her a rematch the next night and made her lose again. Have you seen her since then?

They said, you claim you took out Rhea Ripley and beat Nia…











	I took out Rhea three times and I did beat Nia, otherwise, how would I have this? [Shows off Crown Jewel championship ring]. So all of their qualms with me are really untrue. They’re untrue. They’re embellished and false. Pshhh. 

They said, “we want a clean win.” How do respond to the critics about that?

	I don’t care. I don’t care and why would I? I’m sitting here your women’s world champion and your first and only women’s crown jewel champion. You wanna talk to me about a clean win? [Laughs] I will do whatever it takes to get whatever I want however I want to do it. My gosh. 

You took your past injury in stride and labeled it a blessing in disguise. What makes this version of Liv Morgan the best iteration of your character?

	Because this is the most confident, most sure of herself Liv Morgan that’s ever existed. That just grows inside of me every single day. You can just imagine how insufferable I’m going to be and just keep on getting. I think that’s just the difference. I’m the most confident that I’ve ever been in my entire career, as a woman, and in general, respectfully and humbly. 

How does that confidence transfer outside of the ring and into your day-to-day?

	I don’t know. I always feel like in my day-to-day, I’ve always been the same person — not that there’s been no growth — but my human [side] has always been the same since I started. My confidence in the ring and my success in the ring hasn’t really dictated or changed how I feel and view myself or the world outside of the ring, but it’s just made me a maniac at work.

There’s obviously been a ton of new viewers checking out WWE, especially women like Vanessa Hudgens — who you had a moment with at Mania — Cardi B, Sexxy Red, Megan Thee Stallion. How does it feel seeing the female celebrities come in droves to support?











	Who doesn’t love WWE, especially when we move to Netflix in the new year? What?! And I’m gonna be champion, transitioning into that. I’m going to spearhead this division into Netflix in the new year, so watch us. 

I interviewed you last year in Puerto Rico and you said you would love to go against Megan Thee Stallion and Cardi B in a tag-team match with Raquel. Cardi might potentially be at SummerSlam later this year and it’s in Jersey. Something has to happen, right?

	Can you imagine? Well, Raquel and I are going to beat Jade and Bianca for those tag-team titles. So we’ll head to WrestleMania and I’ll be your women’s world champion, your women’s Crown Jewel champion and half of your women’s tag team champions. That offer still stands for them if they want a shot at our newly-crowned championships. I loved to beat them in my hometown.

You’ve had numerous tag partners before. What is it about Raquel that brings the best out of you?

	Raquel is the most trustworthy. Raquel has never stabbed me in the back. Raquel is stronger than me. Raquel is bigger than me. Raquel is more powerful than me. Raquel can offer things that I cannot and vice versa. I think she’s my greatest tag-team partner of all-time. We’ve had the most success as tag-team partners. We are two-time women’s tag-team champions. We’re gonna soon be the third and she’s such a star. I’m so happy that she has my back [laughs]. 

What makes you a better partner for Dominik Mysterio than Rhea Ripley?

	How much time do you have? One, Dominik is a man. He doesn’t need me to tell him what to do or to approve his decisions. Dominik is allowed to do whatever he wants. Two, I accept Dominick exactly the way he is. I never try to change him and alter him in any way. He’s absolutely perfect. Three, I give that man tendies [chicken tenders] every single day with ranch, PS5, flat screen TV, a custom-pair of Daddy Dom [sneakers], helped him beat his deadbeat dad [Rey Mysterio] twice. We’re the most iconic, hottest, talked-about couple in WWE history. 

	










I remember you once told me Dom is a talented freestyler. Would love for us to premiere the Rhea Ripley diss track if you guys have one coming. 

	Dominik will spit bars and he won’t even know that he’s doing it. I’m like, “That’s something. You just said something. [Laughs.]

You helped Dom beat Rey twice and Finn Balor and JD get the tag-titles. How have you made Judgment Day better and how has the group made you better?

	It’s definitely equal and a give-and-take. As great as I’ve made them, is as great as they’ve made me. I have helped them solidify tag-team gold. We are going to solidify Daddy Dom a world championship. Raquel and I are going to solidify the tag-team championships. Carlito, we’re gonna solidify something for him, too. Whatever Carlito want.

	As for me, they’ve made me the most powerful woman in WWE. I’m literally untouchable right now. No one can touch me. No one can do what I’ve done because I’ve made history and I have the most dominant group behind me.

You said in a past interview that your Mount Rushmore is you, Chyna, Trish Stratus and left the fourth spot vacant. It’s only right that we complete it here.

	I said Liv, Chyna, Trish and Liv [laughs]. You know what, I’m gonna put Naty [Natalya]. I’ve thought about it since then and reflected. I think that Naty has a spot on my wrestling women’s Mount Rushmore. 

Why?

	Naty is such a martyr in this women’s division. She’s the past, the present and the future. She’s been with WWE for almost 18 years. Do you know how incredible that is and what an incredible career that is? I think she’s the most decorated woman in WWE history. I think she has the most wins, the most matches for any woman in WWE and she gets better as she goes along. 

	










	She trains at The Dungeon with [her husband] TJ weekly, curating and securing the next generation of superstars. She’s been a part of so many firsts and so many historic moments. Like I said, she gets better over time and I think there’s something to say for that. We all should aspire to have a career like Natalya. She’s the best in the locker room and I just love her. I’m grateful for her. She’s the goat. 

I thought it was cool how you paid homage to Britney Spears’ “Oops!…I Did It Again” with the bodysuit at King and Queen of the Ring. How did that come together?

	I’ll pull inspo from anything. I’m kind of not even looking half the time, it’s just something that I’ll see and I like and it’ll spark something in me. As we’re preparing for our events in Saudi Arabia, the dress code is a little different. Obviously, we want to respect and honor what is required. So we’ll find out that we’ll be in neck-to-toe bodysuits. I’m like, “How do I make this cool? How do I make this my own?” 

	This is nothing I’ve worn in the ring nor thought about wearing in the ring. Literally, a second later, Britney popped in my head of her in the music video with the red jumpsuit. I was like, “Oh, I’m doing Britney.” Just right there I knew I had my awesome gear designer Aslan draw out some sketches, had my gear maker whip it up and that was it. I actually did Britney twice: I did Britney my first time and I did a Britney remix the second time. I couldn’t do Britney a third time this trip, so I switched it up and paid homage to the most dominant group in WWE, The Judgment Day. 
A post shared by WrestlingWorldCC (@wrestlingworldcc)

If you can pick an artist to remix your theme song for WrestleMania, which artist would you choose?











	You know what? Daddy Dom really likes Sabrina Carpenter, so I think that I would love Sabrina Carpenter to put her own spin on my theme song. Maybe add some lyrics to it and I would love to do that for Daddy Dom. I think Sabrina would have so much fun stepping foot into WWE and experiencing the WWE universe, especially at WrestleMania, the biggest show of the year. Are you kidding?

I hope you guys have had a date night to see Sabrina in concert. I heard the show is pretty awesome.

	We haven’t! We’ve been so busy jet-setting across the globe, putting on amazing shows, that we haven’t really had the time yet, but it’s on my radar. 

Lastly, what’s left on your bucket list outside of the ring?

	I wanna foster animals. I wanna partner up with an animal shelter and maybe foster animals and find them their little forever homes. We were just in Saudi Arabia and I kind of half-adopted a kitty named Saudi that I had Daddy Dom babysit while I was gone. All the girls and I took shifts watching this amazing cat. So I would love to do something with animals. I’d love to keep Rhea Ripley out of my way for the rest of my career and I think I’d be happy with that. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.