The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show

Movie news… Denise Richards family reality show… Sabrina Carpenter’s flavored ice cream… Joe Jonas has a mystery brunette… and Miranda Derrick is seeing the dark side of the internet…
In movie news, we told you recently that a fifth book in the Hunger Games series will be published next year. Sunrise on the Reaping will revolve around the 50th Hunger Games, which means it takes place 24 years before the first novel, when Katniss Everdeen volunteered for the 74th Hunger Games. On the heels of the book announcement, Lionsgate has announced they’re already planning to adapt this book into a feature film. In other movie news, Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman are in talks to star in the sequel to their 1998 classic, Practical Magic. In the original, Sandy and Nicky played two orphaned sisters who come from a long line of witches. Raised by their eccentric aunts in a prejudiced Massachusetts town, they carry a curse that keeps them from finding love.  The same screenwriter of the original will write the script for the sequel.
A film adaptation of new upcoming ‘HUNGER GAMES’ book ‘SUNRISE ON THE REAPING’ is officially in the works at Lionsgate.It takes place during the Second Quarter Quell, won by Haymitch Abernathy.In theaters November 20, 2026. pic.twitter.com/q6oOepiAk9
It’s official! Practical Magic 2 is in development and coming soon. #PracticalMagic2 #ComingSoon pic.twitter.com/Qc5I4sKdt0
Fifteen years since Denise Richards’s first reality show following her family life, she’s getting another one. Denise Richards: It’s Complicated ran on E! for two seasons, from 2008-2009. That was a couple years after her messy divorce from Charlie Sheen was finalized and a couple years before Charlie went on that crazy “I’m winning” tiger’s blood tour. Denise tried the reality route again when she joined Season 9 of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, but her buddy Lisa Rinna turned on her and everybody tried to out her for having an affair with Brandi Glanville. She quit after two seasons, but popped up as a “friend of” in Season 13, only to be mocked for slurring her way through a pot dinner and wearing her jacket upside down. But Real Housewives producer Alex Baskin knows magic when he sees it!  And now he’s one of the executive producers on Denise’s new reality show, Denise Richards and the Wild Things, which will debut on E! sometime next year.
Denise Richards family reality show, Denise Richards and the Wild Things, coming to E! https://t.co/YBlUr08wVy pic.twitter.com/tM5AA8Zj6R
Just days after Sabrina Carpenter announced her upcoming sixth studio album Short n’ Sweet is dropping on Aug. 23, she announced she’s getting her own ice cream flavor. And DUH – it’s espresso! On her Instagram Stories, Sabrina posted a photo holding a pint of her very own Van Leeuwen espresso-flavored ice cream, featuring her lovely face on the label. Look for it in grocery stores starting June 28.
that's that me, espresso (ice cream) https://t.co/WB3g3YxsOj
Rumors of Joe Jonas dallying with the 27-year-older Demi Moore petered out real quick. Now paparazzi has caught photos of Joe on a beach in Greece with  actress Laila Abdallah, who, at 28, happens to be the same age as Joe’s ex-wife, Sophie Turner. According to Wikipedia, Laila is a Lebanese actress living in Kuwait who is best known for her roles in TV series that air in the Persian Gulf region. She was previously married to an actor named Abdullah Abbas, but that only lasted from December 2017 to February 2018, so she is LONG over that. And Joe’s ex Sophie has BEEN moved on with a British aristocrat named Perry Pearson.
Joe Jonas puts on a cozy display with mystery brunette in Greece – after THOSE Demi Moore rumors and split from model Stormi Bree https://t.co/sTnWIcqohI pic.twitter.com/bbszDiu6av
Dancing for the Devil: The 7M TikTok Cult had been at the top of Netflix’s Top 10 list until Season 2 of Perfect Match came along…. Sisters Melanie and Miranda Wilking’s dances made them TikTok famous. Then along came Krump dancer James Derrick, who whisked Miranda off her feet and introduced her to Robert Shinn’s 7M organization. When Miranda cut off communication with her family, Melanie and her parents made and Instagram Live video accusing Robert of running a cult, and that’s the focus of this 3-part Netflix docuseries, Dancing for the Devil.  Miranda released an Instagram video yesterday saying, “Before this documentary, my husband and I felt safe. Now that this documentary is out, we feel like our lives have been put in danger. We have both been followed in our cars, we have received hate mail, death threats, people have been sending us messages to commit suicide, and we’ve been stalked.” She said, “I don’t understand how my parents and my sister thought that this documentary would help me or our relationship in any way.” At the end of the documentary, we learn that Miranda and her family had begun communicating a bit, but now that this documentary has come out, the door may be slammed shut again.
: https://t.co/l1FBD2fOImMiranda Derrick is seeing the dark side of the internet. She responds to backlash from Netflix's docuseries #DancingForTheDevil at the link. (: Instagram) pic.twitter.com/W0g7lN0epu

The Kidd Kraddick Morning Show