(June 20, 2024) - Today, singer/songwriter Sabrina Carpenter announces her upcoming North American headlining Arena tour, The Short n’ Sweet Tour, which kicks off September 23rd in Columbus. The 29 date tour will hit cities across the US and Canada including New York, Los Angeles, Nashville, Toronto, Austin and more. Amaarae, Griff and Declan McKenna will be supporting Sabrina on this tour. Sabrina has partnered with PLUS1 on this tour to launch the Sabrina Carpenter Fund, which will support the well-being of people and animals, including national and local organizations working on the issues of mental health, animal welfare, and support for the LGBTQ+ community.
Presales for the tour will begin on Monday, June 24th, with the Cash App Presale at 10 AM local followed by Team Sabrina Presale on Tuesday, June 25th at 10 AM local time. General onsale for the public begins on Friday, June 28th at 10 AM local time. Sabrina also teamed up with Spotify to create a first-ever Top Listener Fan Pit at each show; in addition, they are launching the official Sabrina on Tour playlist, curated by Sabrina herself, full of catalog hits and her inspirations.
CASH APP CARD PRESALE: For all US shows, the first tickets to the Short n’ Sweet Tour will be available for Cash App cardholders via an exclusive ticket presale presented by Cash App and Visa.
Beginning Monday, June 24 starting at 10am local time through Thursday, June 27 at 10pm local time, Cash App cardholders can unlock the earliest access to tickets by using the first 9 digits of their Cash App Card to access the presale and then completing the purchase using their Cash App Card.
For more information on the Cash App Card presale, please visit https://cash.app/exclusives/sabrinacarpenter.
As the official wireless partner of the tour, T-Mobile is giving customers exclusive access to preferred tickets at every U.S. tour stop — even sold-out shows. T-Mobile customers can get their Reserved Tickets starting 30 days prior to each show at first-day prices, just another benefit of having Magenta Status, the Un-carrier’s suite of premium perks and experiences. For more information, visit t-mobile.com/music.
The tour is in support of Sabrina’s recently announced album, Short n’ Sweet, out August 23 - preorder here: https://amzn.to/3XEN32W
Earlier this month, Sabrina released her second single from the forthcoming album, “Please Please Please” - listen here and watch the music video below. Sabrina enlisted GRAMMY-Award-winning Jack Antonoff and Amy Allen as collaborators for the single. “Please Please Please” hit #1 on Spotify’s Global and US charts, #1 on Apple Music and this week, it debuted at #2 on the Billboard Hot 100. Sabrina debuted the song live at Governors Ball in New York earlier this month. Featured on several “Best of” lists after the festival, including Billboard and Rolling Stone, the former of which also declared “there’s an innate confidence in Carpenter’s presence onstage, an effortless ease that emerges as she exchanges winks and quips with the audience, then locks right back into performance mode an instant later”. Sabrina will also be headlining Outside Lands Music Festival on August 10th -- this will be her first time performing at the San Francisco festival. Single Day and 3-Day tickets are currently on sale here.
The album’s lead single, “Espresso,” was released in April and instantly became a smash hit. The Platinum-certified single became Sabrina’s fourth hit on the Billboard Hot 100, where it’s currently #3 this week, and her first Top 5 on the chart where she now has two of the top three songs this week. It captured the #1 spot on the Spotify Global, US, and UK charts and hit #1 on the UK Singles Chart. It also reached #1 on the Billboard Global 200 chart. Of the single, Uproxx stated “Carpenter has a knack for coming up with pop hits, and “Espresso” has shown to be one of her biggest so far” while The New York Times heralded the single as the song ready to “propel her to the next level.” The sentiment has been proven true and the bonafide star blew fans away with her debut Coachella performance shortly following the release of “Espresso.” Los Angeles Times cited her among “The 15 Best Things We Saw at Coachella 2024,” going on to profess, “Carpenter already had put more effort into her set than some past Coachella headliners”. And just last month she made her debut as the musical guest on the season finale of Saturday Night Live.
Earlier this year, Sabrina made headlines as she joined Taylor Swift on the international leg of her highly acclaimed ERA’S Tour in Mexico, South America, Australia, and Singapore.
Sabrina Carpenter has enchanted an audience of millions as a singer, songwriter, actress and style icon. With her music, she has delivered one anthem after another on stage and in the studio, earning multiple gold and platinum certifications, and performing to sold out crowds around the world. On-screen, she has generated mega-fandom through starring roles on television and film. She is signed to Island Records, where she has released a multitude of hit singles: “Because I Liked A Boy,” “Nonsense,” "Feather" & her most recent single "Espresso.” Sabrina debuted her acclaimed Gold-certified fifth studio album, emails i can’t send, which appeared on many “Best Of 2022” lists including Rolling Stone and Billboard. The album features her hit single “Feather” which went #1 at Top 40 Radio, earning Sabrina her first #1. The platinum hit single also peaked at #26 on the Billboard Hot 100 and has amassed over 600M global streams to date. In addition to her growing list of acting and music credits, she was selected for Forbes’ prestigious “30 Under 30” list. Her sold out emails i can't send tour took her to North America, Europe, Asia and Brazil, and she recently served as direct support for Taylor Swift in Latin America, Australia and Singapore on the Era's Tour. In April, Sabrina made her Coachella debut and was one of the most talked about artists of the festival. Ahead of her Coachella debut, she released her new single “Espresso,” which has quickly climbed the charts and became Sabrina’s most successful single launch to date. Upon release, Pitchfork declared Espresso "in pole position to be this year’s song of the summer,” and The New York Times heralded the single as the song ready to “propel her to the next level”. Since its release, “Espresso” has gone on to reach #1 on the UK & Australian singles charts, Top 5 in the US, and #1 on Spotify, globally where it has also reached over 200M streams within its first month. Sabrina made her Saturday Night Live debut in May on the season finale where she performed “Espresso” and “Feather/Nonsense.” She will release her highly anticipated sixth studio album, Short n’ Sweet, on August 23rd, 2024.
Cash App is the money app. It’s the easy way to spend, send, and store money. Sending and receiving money is free and fast, and most payments can be deposited directly to a bank account in just a few seconds. With Cash App, customers can also buy and sell Bitcoin instantly, get a paycheck deposited right to the app, create a unique $cashtag to share with anyone to get paid fast, and use the Cash App Card to spend the money everywhere Visa Debit is accepted. Prepaid debit cards issued by Sutton Bank pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A., Inc. Visa is a registered trademark of Visa U.S.A., Inc. All other trademarks and service marks belong to their respective owners. Download Cash App for free at cash.app/download.

        
            June 20, 2024 4:44pm ET
            by Island Records   

            
            
            	
island, records

	                              Shortlink to this content: https://bit.ly/4bcY5zy


Profile


Press Releases