Manage your account
Anne Hathaway is encouraging university students to continue braving the long Election Day lines to make sure their voice is heard — and what better way to appeal to Gen Z than with a Sabrina Carpenter song?
The Oscar winner posted a video to Instagram on Tuesday, embedded at the bottom of this post, about the “crazy long lines” at polling locations on college campuses, calling attention to several organizations that are providing food, water and other assistance to young voters waiting to cast their ballots.
More from Deadline
Election 2024: First Polls Of 2024 Close In Indiana And Kentucky
Sabrina Carpenter Tops List Of Artists Who Helped Register The Most New Voters For 2024 Election
'The View' Cohost And Former Trump Staffer Alyssa Farah Griffin Votes Democrat For First Time: "I'm A Christian, I'm An American And I'm A Republican, In That Order"
She also had a special plea for anyone currently standing in line: “Please, please, please stay on the line.”
“Please, please, please, especially at UPenn and Temple, you just wait out your time,” she sang to the tune of Carpenter’s chart topper “Please, Please, Please,” specifically calling out the Pennsylvania schools that could seriously impact election results in the swing state.
“Voting is magic, but also annoying. You’ve waited out this long, let’s make it not boring…please, please, please, hold the line,” she finished.
In her caption, she also reminded all voters that, by law, anyone standing in line when polling locations close are still entitled to cast their vote and cannot be turned away.
RELATED: Chris Pratt Stays Neutral On Election After ‘Avengers’ Endorsed Kamala Harris: “I See Things From Both Sides”
Earlier on Tuesday, Hathaway officially endorsed Vice President Kamala Harris and Minnesota Governor Tim Walz, writing in a separate Instagram post that she “voted like half the country’s lives depended on it.”
The Princess Diaries star isn’t the only celebrity to encourage voter turnout Tuesday. Taylor Swift, Beyoncé, Lady Gaga, Mark Ruffalo and more urged U.S. fans to get out and vote.
And speaking of Carpenter, the pop star is the artist who registered the most new voters for the 2024 Presidential Election while on tour, according to HeadCount.
Best of Deadline
List Of Hollywood & Media Layoffs So Far In 2024: From Paramount To Warner Bros Discovery To CNN
Celebrities Voting And Encouraging Voting In The 2024 Election
Hollywood & Media Deaths In 2024: Photo Gallery & Obituaries
Sign up for Deadline's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.