Sabrina Carpenter performs "Please Please Please" during the MTV Video Music Awards on Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, at UBS Arena in Elmont, N.Y.Charles Sykes/Invision/AP
Today marks the launch of Sabrina Carpenter’s highly anticipated “Short n’ Sweet Tour,” kicking off in Columbus, Ohio. The tour, which supports her sixth studio album of the same name, is set to captivate fans across North America before heading to the UK and Europe in 2025.
Carpenter’s tour will feature special guest Amaarae and includes stops in major cities such as Toronto, where she will perform at Scotiabank Arena this Wednesday, September 25.
While tickets for the “Short n’ Sweet Tour” are sold out, fans can secure their spots through secondary market platforms like Vivid Seats, StubHub and SeatGeek, which offer verified tickets with a buyer’s guarantee.
Here’s a look at the best prices available for her Toronto show (including fees):
Prices and availability are noted at the time of publishing and are subject to change.
After Toronto, Carpenter will play 31 more shows across North America, including stops in New York City, Hartford, Boston, Baltimore, Philadelphia, Montreal and more. 
A complete list of Carpenter’s “Short n’ Sweet” tour dates is available here.
Can’t get enough live music? Carpenter isn’t the only touring artist. Check out other favorites who know how to put on an unforgettable show, including Dua Lipa, Zayn Malik, Charli XCX, Kacey Musgraves, Benson Boone and Taylor Swift.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices