TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
Friday marked the release of Sabrina Carpenter’s new album, “Short n’ Sweet,” which includes her famous single “Espresso” alongside 11 other tunes.
Though Carpenter, 25, released her first album in 2015, “Eyes Wide Open,” she skyrocketed in popularity with the release of “Espresso” in April, which many in the music industry are dubbing the “song of the summer.”
Carpenter, a former Disney Channel star, was born in Quakertown, Pa., and grew up in East Greenville, south of Allentown, where she was homeschooled, according to J-14. The “Girl Meets World” star moved to California when she was 13 years old, J-14 said.
“Espresso” was followed by another single in June, “Please Please Please,” which was also praised on social media leading up to the album’s release.
Social media users who have been Carpenter fans from the beginning spoke out on X about her newfound fame.
not to get sappy on the tl but this is the first album release where we have the whole world tuned in ,,im so proud of sabrina i always knew she was a superstar and im glad people finally see it as well????
— steph is feeling short n sweet (@yourlivslike) August 23, 2024
being a fan of an artist from the very beginning of their career and witnessing this shift that Sabrina has right now is so amazing
— Samantha is short n’ sweet ???? (@dangerouslysabs) August 22, 2024
everyone and their mamas listening to sabrina omg i prayed for times like this
— xio (@xpinkregui) August 23, 2024
being here since 2015 and watching sabrina grow since the eyes wide open era. this album is going to bring her so much more attention, success and growth. so bittersweet. she’s come so so far. im so proud :,) this era is so so special already.
— julia ???? (@bocamillie) August 22, 2024
Other users have been speculating about who the 12 tracks could be about.
camila shawn and sabrina all writing about each other welcome back augustine james and betty
— steph (@ontheground) August 22, 2024
I can’t care enough about the love triangle drama because one is a flop, one can’t sing, and one is Sabrina Carpenter
— kai ☆ NOBARA KAISEN (@kaisfall) August 22, 2024
I'm crying cause every shawn stan i know is on sabrina's side as it should be
— gabby (@gabbyjpg) August 22, 2024
"this boy doesn’t even know the difference between there, their, and they are"
singing this with our whole chest but if u see us mess one of these up, mind ur business. #ShortNSweet
— Team Sabrina ???? (@TeamSabrina) August 23, 2024
Fans discussed their favorite moments from the album, which included the release of a new music video for the song “Taste,” starring Jenna Ortega.
sabrina carpenter and jenna ortega kissing just became my new favorite thing pic.twitter.com/nHRGS6KG5j
— katie ???????????????? (@katieisasellout) August 23, 2024
Sabrina Carpenter references DEATH BECOMES HER (1992) in her latest music video for “Taste” alongside Jenna Ortega. pic.twitter.com/AM1u18tzj6
— Film Updates (@FilmUpdates) August 23, 2024
i swear sabrina isn’t just a singer she’s literally an ENTERTAINER like im having a good time with these lyrics ???? im a little devastated but it’s also kinda funny and she’s always serving vocally
— angel is TALL N’ SOUR (@ungodlyanele) August 22, 2024
listening to short n sweet that short blonde popstar really did THAT ???? pic.twitter.com/0bSExCV7LV
— coco is seeing sabrina???? (@blxzeddrive) August 22, 2024
short n sweet by sabrina is a masterpiece, omg definitely one of the best album this yearpic.twitter.com/bxo9AXowbO
— teo, xoxo???????? (@txovampire_) August 22, 2024
Megan Swift is a TribLive reporter covering trending news in Western Pennsylvania. A Murrysville native, she joined the Trib full time in 2023 after serving as editor-in-chief of The Daily Collegian at Penn State. She previously worked as a Jim Borden Scholarship intern at the Trib for three summers. She can be reached at mswift@triblive.com. 


Remove the ads
 from your TribLIVE reading experience
but still support the journalists
who create the content with TribLIVE Ad-Free.

Get Ad-Free >

Stay up-to-date on important news from TribLIVE
TribLIVE's Daily and Weekly email newsletters deliver the news you want and information you need, right to your inbox.
1-800-909-8742
Fax (724) 779-8743
210 Wood StreetTarentum, PA 15084
© 2025 Trib Total Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Advertise
Career Opportunities
Contact Advertising
Contact Newsroom
Contact Us
Feedback
Request Correction
Resource Center
Scholarship Opportunities
Send Letter to the Editor
Send News Tip
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
Blog
Email Newsletters
eTrib
Facebook
Home Delivery
Instagram
LinkedIn
Marketing Minute
Store Locations
TribLIVE App - App Store
TribLIVE App - Google Play
X (formerly Twitter)
Arts & Entertainment
Best of the Best
Business Directory
Contests
Lifestyles
Local
News
YaJagOff
Obituaries
Opinion
Our Publications
Real Estate
Sports
Video
Weather
Cookie Settings
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service