By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
Sabrina Carpenter has never shied away from discussing her dating life and boyfriends through her music. The “Espresso” singer has had many prolific relationships with different celebs over the years and now, as one of the biggest names in pop music, there’s heightened interest in her personal life. 
Related: What to Wear to Sabrina Carpenter’s Short n’ Sweet Tour
She told Cosmopolitan, “When I was younger, the one thing I always thought was, why would I date this person if I didn’t see myself marrying them? I just wouldn’t even put energy into it. But now I have a mentality that there are relationships that are meant to be in your life, even if it’s only for a couple of weeks.”
She’s also very careful about how the internet speculates over her relationships. “I wish more people knew that there’s nuance, as opposed to taking everything on the internet as fact. They know in their own lives that they might be texting someone but not in a relationship,” she said. “But for some reason, it’s very black and white when it comes to the internet and the way that people on the internet are portrayed. I have to laugh at it though, because sometimes I read some funny sh—t, but it almost feels like I’m reading about someone else.”
Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter were rumored to be linked in December 2023 after reportedly meeting at the Givenchy show during Paris Fashion Week. The two hinted at their relationship with each other through subtle hints in her “Nonsense” outros during her performances and Keoghan wearing a friendship bracelet with Sabrina’s name on it. Keoghan was seen supporting the singer when she opened for Taylor Swift’s Eras Tour in Singapore. But they didn’t step out together until the Vanity Fair Party.
The party couple went viral on X (formerly Twitter) after Keoghan was filmed looking at his reported girlfriend. “the way barry keoghan can’t look away from sabrina carpenter makes my standards even higher,” one user posted. One user captured what the Saltburn star said on the carpet about Carpenter, “‘oh my god’ and ‘sorry im distracted’ while looking at sabrina… oh barry keoghan i am loving your game.”
The Saltburn actor starred in her music video for “Please Please Please” where they are both criminals on the run a lá Bonnie and Clyde. Talk about a hard launch! When she finally released her Short n Sweet album, the Irish actor made several appearances, most notably in “Bed Chem” in which she pointed out his “thick accent” and “oversized”…er, you know.
But on December 3, PEOPLE confirmed things had run their course. “They are both young and career-focused, so they’ve decided to take a break,” the magazine said. At the time, however, reports indicated there was more behind the breakup, with rumors that Keoghan cheated on Carpenter with a blonde LA-based influencer gaining steam on social media. Some allegedly identified the woman Keoghan cheated with as Breckie Hill. Either way, one thing is certain, the romance between Keoghan and Carpenter is done.
Sources told Us Weekly that their schedules were the main culprit in their split. “It’s been challenging for their relationship since she started going on tour and has been gone a lot,” a source told the site. “Their schedules were not aligning. All the time spent apart it was hard to maintain a relationship amid her career exploding.”
According to the insider, the super star was  “being pulled in so many directions” and didn’t have enough time to “commit to a relationship.”
Sabrina Carpenter was rumored to be dating singer Shawn Mendes. An insider told ET Online in an article published on March 13, 2023, that, “Shawn and Sabrina are seeing each other. They have been hanging out a lot and trying to keep things low-key. They were at a birthday party together a couple weeks ago and were cute together,” they said. “Shawn is happy.”
Earlier in March 2023, the pair sparked dating rumors when they were photographed together in Los Angeles. They were also said to have snuck out of Miley Cyrus’s star-studded release party for her newest album Endless Summer Vacation. According to a video shared on Twitter, Mendes held the car door open for Carpenter as they made a low-key exit.
However, when asked if he was actually dating the Girl Meets World actress in an interview with Dutch television show RTL Boulevard, he responded, “We are not dating.”
Dylan O’Brien was spotted out with Sabrina Carpenter in New York City in 2021. However, they two never addressed the romance and rumors swirled when she allegedly wrote a song about him in her album emails i can’t send. 
If you lived through the “driver’s license” drama, you know. Fans reportedly spotted the High School Musical The Musical: The Series star looking rather cozy with Sabrina during a Black Lives Matter protest. According to an onlooker at the protest, Joshua kissed Sabrina on the forehead. Following their outing at the march, the pair even started posting TikToks together—including one where they wore matching outfits on Halloween. Cue the love triangle rumors!
In her breakout hit “driver’s license” Olivia sings about how her ex is now dating “that blonde girl” who is “so much older” than her. Sabrina was heavily implied to be the “blonde girl,” as many fans began deciphering the songs written by Joshua, Sabrina, and Olivia. 
Joshua and Sabrina only seemed to fuel more rumors of a love triangle when they revealed they were working on a song together, “We Both Know,” just weeks after Olivia’s debut single. Sabrina admitted that the collaboration was one that was “very dear to [her] heart” during an interview with Radio.com at the time: “I can’t say too much,” the Austin & Ally star explained. “It’s on his project, so I’m like, I don’t want to say too much that I can’t say, but it’s a collaboration very dear to my heart that I’m excited about. We did it a while ago now. I guess you’ll have to see!” However, it seemed like the two called it quits in 2021. 
Sabrina Carpenter and Griffin Gluck were rumored to be dating in 2019 after they starred in Tall Girl together. The two never addressed their romance publicly, but fans were speculating that they were an item after they posted matching Halloween costumes as Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake in their infamous Canadian Tuxedos on Instagram. 
Sabrina Carpenter’s first public relationship was with another Disney Channel star Bradley Steven Perry. The ex-couple met at work where Sabrina’s show Girl Meets World would film across Bradley’s show Good Luck Charlie. In fact the way that he asked her out was very on brand for Disney. 
“[It was a] really unique way to ask someone out. [It was] like the pirate movies, like, they do the little bottles and they put notes in them and send them across the ocean, like one of those, and [he] put a note inside,” she told J-14 ath the time.  It was cute,” she gushed at the time. However the two called it splits in 2024. 
Recently, Bradley opened up about his ex and had some grateful words for her“My first girlfriend’s doing way better than anyone mostly in the world, I would say,” he said on the podcast The Sit and Chat. “She’s way too good for this podcast.”
Though he didn’t reveal her identity, he said, “She does a little bit of singing. Also, wish her nothing but the best. I don’t even have to ’cause she’s already got it.” On the prospects of reuninting, he joked, “I don’t think she gives two f-cks. She wouldn’t even know [who I am]. She would go, ‘Who?’”
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
By providing your information, you agree to our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
				We use vendors that may also process your information to help provide our services. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA Enterprise and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.