The project, released in 1999, features songs like "Genie in a Bottle," "What a Girl Wants" and more.

													By
												

	Rania Aniftos


	Christina Aguilera is celebrating 25 years since her breakthrough self-titled debut album, and she unveiled a special treat for fans on Monday (Sept. 23).

	The pop superstar teamed up with Spotify for the platforms Spotify Anniversaries series, where she sat down in-studio to reimagine her iconic 1999 album that remains one of the early 2000s most seminal projects.





	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	









	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Christina Aguilera		
					






















	
		
					MGK		
					






















	
		
					Sabrina Carpenter		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	In the 26-minute session, Aguilera welcomes a number of guests, including MGK for a “Genie in a Bottle” guitar solo, reunites with producer Ron Fair and songwriter Heather Holly from the original album’s recording and Holly joins Aguilera for a performance of “Obvious,” a ballad they wrote together.

	










	To wrap up the performance, Aguilera welcomes her fellow blonde pop star, Sabrina Carpenter, for a vocally impressive duet of “What a Girl Wants.”

	“I’m freaking out,” Carpenter tells Aguilera, before explaining that her mother introduced her to the “Come on Over Baby” singer by showing her a video in which Aguilera was singing at just eight years old.  “That was just the most inspiring thing to me ever as a young girl who wanted to sing but didn’t know I could do it at that age at all.”

	She continued, “You were a child! I was like, ‘How is that coming out of that body?’ It was the main reason I started singing and wanted to become a singer.”

	Watch Christina Aguilera’s entire Spotify Anniversaries session below, and listen on Spotify here. 
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.