Sabrina Carpenter has enjoyed a fantastic year, with the release of her Short n' Sweet album, a sold-out US arena tour and numerous award nominations.
The pop star is rounding off the year in style with the launch of her new Netflix one-off special, A Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter, which is available on the platform from today (December 6).
The festive show includes performances from her Christmas EP Fruitcake, as well as duets and special guests including fellow pop star, Chappell Roan.
If you've already enjoyed the Christmas special, there's much more of the petite pop sensation to enjoy yet. Here are three Sabrina Carpenter films on Netflix that you can binge watch right now.
In 2019, the actress featured in Netflix's Tall Girl, where she portrayed the character of Harper Kreyman.
She plays the sister of Jodi Kreyman, a 16 year old who has always been tall for her age since she was three, leading to lifelong insecurities.
Alongside Sabrina, the film also stars Ava Michelle, Griffin Gluck, Paris Berelc, Luke Eisner, Clara Wilsey and Anjelika Washington. Clearly, viewers adored the film as it amassed over 41 million views just a month after its release.
Work It centres around a diverse group of high school students competing to win the Work It dance competition.
Sabrina portrays Quinn Ackerman, a bright and eccentric high school senior who serves as the technical director for her school's prestigious dance team, the Thunderbirds.
The film also features Liza Koshy, Keiynan Lonsdale, Michelle Buteau and Jordan Fisher in key roles. In addition to acting, Sabrina took on the role of executive producer for the first time in her career.
Tall Girl 2, released in 2022, is the sequel to the 2019 film. Sabrina reprises her role as Jodi's sister Harper, supporting her as she navigates her new relationship with Dunkleman after embracing her true self.
In the sequel, Sabrina's character has her own narrative as she grapples with her insecurities and strives to show that she can compete in more than just beauty pageants.
The film has a 63% approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes, indicating that fans favoured the sequel over the original film, but we'll let you make up your own mind.
All three films and a Nonsense Christmas with Sabrina Carpenter are streaming on Netflix now
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.