By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:30, 12 July 2024   |  Updated:  01:00, 12 July 2024   
 12
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter is the latest guest star on First We Feast's Hot Ones series.
On the Thursday, July 11 episode, the 25-year-old pop star discussed her 2022 song Nonsense, which almost didn't make the cut on her album Emails I Can't Send.
At the beginning of the show, in which celebrities are interviewed while eating progressively hotter chicken wings, Carpenter was asked about the tune by host Sean Evans.
When Evans asked the singer-songwriter — who is dating actor Barry Keoghan — if she learned a lesson from nearly scrapping the hit single, she answered: 'It made me want to trust my personal favorites a little bit more.'
The petite blonde added, 'I think when you're making a record over time you want to play it for your best friends, you want to play it for your family, and then you start to get in your head a little bit on everyone's favorite.'
Sabrina Carpenter is the latest guest star on First We Feast's Hot Ones series
On the Thursday, July 11 episode, the 25-year-old pop star discussed her 2022 song Nonsense , which almost didn't make the cut on her album Emails I Can't Send
Carpenter elaborated, 'I think the lesson I learned with Nonsense was that this song was so kindred with my personality and I started to get in my head on like, what fits a record versus what fits Sabrina or myself as an artist.'
'That taught me so many lessons moving forward, making the next record,' she reiterated. 'I think now whatever feels the most honest and connects to me the most I feel like will connect with other people.'
While performing Nonsense at Governors Ball in June, she changed the outro lyrics to send a message of support to the LGBTQ+ community.
'Do I text him back, it’s such a tough call / That won’t fit inside me, bro, I’m dumb small / People who hate Pride / can suck my Gov Ball,' she sang, eliciting an uproar from the audience.
'Happy Pride New York!' the entertainer, who is known for reworking the Nonsense outro, later shouted. 
And last year she released a holiday remix called A Nonsense Christmas.
Earlier this week, voice actor Nancy Cartwright — who has voiced The Simpsons character Bart for over three decades — confirmed she is Sabrina's aunt.
'Yeah, absolutely!' the 66-year-old Emmy winner answered a fan on TikTok who'd asked if she and the songstress are related.
At the beginning of the show, in which celebrities are interviewed while eating progressively hotter chicken wings, Carpenter was asked about the tune by host Sean Evans
When Evans asked the singer-songwriter - who is dating actor Barry Keoghan - if she learned a lesson from nearly scrapping the hit single, she answered: 'It made me want to trust my personal favorites a little bit more'
A post shared by Hot Ones (@hotones)
'Isn't that amazing? When you find out that somebody — that maybe you've known me for a little while, doing this little 10-year-old boy for like 35 some years, and some of you guys for way less than that — find out that I'm related to this, like, superstar.'
'She's pretty amazing,' the proud aunt gushed about her niece.
In 2021, Sabrina told Wired that the 'talented' Scientologist is her father David Carpenter's sister.
At the time, she also noted that she has learned 'so much' from observing the 'legend,' who earns $300,00 per episode of the longrunning cartoon.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group