Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
There was no shortage of PDA for Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce at Coachella over the weekend.
Swift and her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, attended the music festival on April 13 to support the singer’s friends and collaborators, Jack Antonoff and Ice Spice. 
The couple were photographed around the festival grounds, with Swift even wearing a “New Heights” baseball hat, a nod to Kelce’s podcast with his older brother, Jason Kelce.
Swift and Kelce were also spotted throughout the night by fans, who shared videos on social media of the couple enjoying their time at the festival, including Swift singing along to her own song during Ice Spice’s set.
In one fan video shared on TikTok, Kelce can be seen standing behind Swift hyping her up while they waited for the rapper’s set to begin. Another video on TikTok showed the couple dancing along to “Karma,” while another clip captured Swift singing and dancing along to her own song.
They were also joined by rumored couple Sabrina Carpenter and Barry Keoghan, who both danced and sang along with Swift and Kelce. One clip on social media captured the group meeting up in the crowd, including the moment Keoghan went straight up to Kelce to greet him.
Earlier in the day, Swift and Kelce also attended the set for Antonoff’s band Bleachers.
One fan shared a video on TikTok, capturing a video of Swift and Kelce dancing backstage during the set and cheering on the singer’s longtime friend and producer. The video included clips of Swift with her arms around Kelce’s neck as they danced as well as a sweet moment of the NFL star twirling the singer.
Fans also shared videos on TikTok from Ice Spice’s set as the rapper tagged along with the couple to attend Dom Dolla’s set.
Leading up to the weekend, many Swifties wondered if their favorite pop star would make an appearance at the annual California music festival.
Swift and her boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, did not respond to TODAY.com's request for comment on whether they would attend Coachella, but neither had any known public events this weekend or the next. 
They were also spotted together out and about around Los Angeles in the past few weeks, including on a date night April 12. According to pictures published by People, the couple was photographed holding hands leaving Sushi Park in L.A.
Before their date, Kelce returned to the University of Cincinnati for "one night only" on April 11 to host a live version of his podcast with his brother, co-host and fellow NFL star Jason Kelce.
Another reason it seems plausible that Swift would head to the Colorado Desert for the music festival is that several of her friends are performing.
Lana Del Rey performed on April 12 at 11:20 p.m. on the main Coachella Stage, as did Sabrina Carpenter at 6 p.m. 
Del Rey appeared on "Snow on the Beach" from the "Midnights" album and is a known close friend of the pop star. Carpenter recently served as Swift's opening act on her ever-popular "Eras" tour.
On Saturday, longtime Swift collaborator and close friend Jack Antonoff performed on the Mojave stage with his band, Bleachers, at 6:50 p.m. Antonoff, formerly of the band Fun., co-wrote and produced Swift’s albums, “Reputation,” “Lover,” “Folklore,” “Evermore” and “Midnights.” He's also helped Swift re-record all of her “Taylor’s Version” albums so far. He's produced most of the “From the Vault” tracks that weren’t featured on the original albums.
Rapper Ice Spice also performed on April 13 on the Sahara stage. Spice and Swift collaborated on a remix of “Karma" and the rapper was spotted hanging out with Swift at the 2024 Super Bowl.
Other headliners for the desert festival include Tyler, The Creator, Doja Cat and No Doubt.
If you want to watch Coachella without taking a trip to the desert and standing for hours, the festival is slated to be streamed on YouTube. 
The streams, slated to begin at 7 p.m. ET / 4 p.m. PT on Friday, are organized by stage (rather than by act) and can be found here.
Sam Kubota is a senior digital editor and journalist for TODAY Digital based in Los Angeles. She joined NBC News in 2019.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.