By EVE BUCKLAND and SAMEER SURI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  17:03, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  18:48, 29 March 2024   
 99
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter dished on her sex life in a very raunchy chat - amid her new romance with Barry Keoghan.
The Feather hitmaker, 24, who was first linked to Saltburn star Barry, 31, in December, spilled the beans to Cosmopolitan on her sex life, saying 'be smart, use protection.'
She said: 'I mean, at the end of the day, my whole thing right now is, whatever you do, don’t get pregnant. That’s the way I’m living my life. So that’s my sex tip. Be smart. Use protection.'
The star said she is perceived as overtly sexual but that she is more prudish than people think. 
She said: "But, in a real way, my advice is: Do whatever feels most comfortable to you. You can be curious and ask questions, but a lot of it is just going to be you learning yourself. So do whatever makes you feel the most comfortable and safe. Boring answer.'
Sabrina Carpenter dished on her sex life in a very raunchy chat - amid her new romance with Barry Keoghan 
They confirmed they were an item at a Grammys party in February, and are pictured this month at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party, posing together on camera for the first time
Barry, who catapulted to international heartthrob status for his smoldering performance in Saltburn last year, is pictured this month at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party
Elsewhere in the chat the star pulled back the curtain on her 'fun' and 'messy' love life.
Sabrina and Barry confirmed they were an item at a Grammys party in February, but both of them have refrained from discussing each other in public.
Now, however, the pop star has decided to break her silence, baring her soul about 'enjoying the newness' of her blossoming new relationship. 
She spilled the beans to Cosmopolitan, covering the magazine in a slinky bubblegum pink dress that allowed her to show off her knockout legs. 
When it comes to dating, Sabrina said: 'A lot of it, for me, has been fate. I know that’s super broad, but I don’t actively look for it.'
She added: 'The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love.'
In conclusion, she gushed: 'So yeah, it’s fun and it’s messy. I think I’m still just at this place where I’m really enjoying the newness of all of it.'
For her glamorous new photo-shoot, Sabrina struck a string of poses whilst modeling a luxurious platinum blonde hairdo redolent of a 1970s pinup.
She said: 'I mean, at the end of the day, my whole thing right now is, whatever you do, don’t get pregnant. That’s the way I’m living my life. So that’s my sex tip. Be smart. Use protection' (pictured earlier this month) 
One of her sultry looks was a sparkly sequined top and a set of hot pants from Poster Girl, enabling her to show off her enviably taut midriff.
She could also be seen flaunting her shapely pins in a pink cocktail dress while kicking up her heels in a skyscraper's window frame, drink in hand.
In one outfit certain to set heads turning, Sabrina modeled a tantalizingly skimpy red mini designed to look as though she had a pillow strapped to her front.
She also flashed the flesh in a picture that showed her climbing a set of stairs wearing nothing but skimpy lingerie under an open coat. 
Sabrina was first linked to Barry last September, months before reports started swirling that he had split from his longtime girlfriend Alyson Kierans.
Alyson and Barry, who welcomed a son called Brando in August 2022, are thought to have broken up over the summer of last year.
A source told The Sun Barry's 'partying caused arguments' between the pair, who had 'grown apart over recent months and things have finally come to a head.'
Sabrina and Barry  fell just shy of making their couple red carpet debut at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party as they posed at a distance to one another at the event
When Barry was asked about the split in GQ early this year, he said only that Alyson had 'done a great job and she’s an incredible mother.' 
Sabrina, meanwhile, saw her dating life become a hot topic during the summer of 2020, when she was rumored to be in a love triangle with Joshua Bassett and his High School Musical: The Musical: The Series co-star Olivia Rodrigo.
The following year, Olivia poured fuel on the fire by releasing her runaway smash hit single Driver's License, which was widely thought to be about Joshua and Sabrina.
'And you're probably with that blonde girl, who always made me doubt. She's so much older than me,' sang Olivia, who is nearly four years younger than Sabrina.
In the interim, Sabrina has at various stages been linked to such names as pop act Shawn Mendes, Teen Wolf actor Dylan O'Brien and YouTuber David Dobrik. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group