One of Sabrina Carpenter’s biggest hit singles almost never happened.
In a new interview with Variety, the 25-year-old pop starlet confessed that her summer smash “Espresso” had some people in her camp nervous about releasing it as a single.
“I was completely alone in wanting to release ‘Espresso.’ Not so much from my immediate team. But when it came to ‘the powers above,’” Carpenter told the magazine.
“There was a lot of questioning behind whether it made sense. But they trusted me in the end, and I was happy that I believed in myself at that moment,” she added.
“Espresso” was released in April and became an instant viral smash, coming off the heels of other hit songs such as “Nonsense” and “Feather.” Carpenter performed “Espresso” at some high-profile gigs including this year’s Coachella Music Festival and Saturday Night Live. Its catchy “That’s that me espresso” line quickly made its way into the pop culture zeitgeist and became a contender for the 2024 Song of the Summer.
The success of the single also translated to the charts. “Espresso” became Carpenter’s first top 10 single on the Billboard Hot 100, peaking at No. 3 on the week of June 22.
Carpenter’s follow up single “Please Please Please” reached No. 1 on the chart just one week later, making it her first time ever topping the chart.
“It’s no accident that everything is falling into place the way she always wanted,” Island Records co-CEO Imran Majid told Variety. “Sabrina’s instincts and creative vision are incredible. She’s always thinking 10 steps ahead of the market.”
Sabrina Carpenter’s new album, Short n’ Sweet, drops on Aug. 23.
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Sabrina Carpenter’s ‘BBC’ Line Sparks Black Fetishization Debate
music | BY Jaelani Turner-Williams
Tinashe Says Former Label RCA Is 'Gagging' at the Success of "Nasty"
music | BY Alex Ocho
Finneas Defends Sister Billie Eilish Against 'Queerbaiting' Accusations Following Charli XCX Collab
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.