Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Sabrina Carpenter broke her silence on the dating pool following her split from Barry Keoghan.
Contact us by Email
Dec. 19 2024, Published 3:45 p.m. ET
Sabrina Carpenter has finally spilled the tea on dating following her recent split from actor Barry Keoghan.
RadarOnline.com can reveal the 25-year-old pop princess slammed the claim there's "plenty of fish in the sea" as a "big, fat lie" just weeks after calling it quits with the Saltburn star.
Sabrina Carpenter has come under-fire from veteran hitmakers who claim she's set back women's rights by performing in barely-there outfits.
The comment came as Carpenter surprised the audience at Jack Antonoff's annual The Ally Coalition talent show event on Tuesday night, where the two performed their song Slim Pickins.
Speaking to the crowd, the former Disney Channel star revealed she and Antonoff drew inspiration from the saying "there's plenty of fish in the sea" while crafting the song.
Carpenter and Keoghan confirmed their split earlier this month due to having busy schedules.
The Espresso hitmaker then slammed the expression to be a "big fat lie, I think".
The shocking statement was the first time Carpenter opened up about her love life since news of her breakup with Keoghan, 32, made waves earlier this month.
The pair, who first sparked romance rumors when spotted grabbing dinner in Los Angeles last December, was confirmed to have "taken a break," as an insider said they were "both young and career-focused".
Another insider detailed the ex-couple's struggles further, adding: "It’s been challenging for their relationship since she started going on tour and has been gone a lot.
"Their schedules were not aligning. All the time spent apart, it was hard to maintain a relationship amid her career exploding."
Further sources claimed Keoghan was "very devoted to Sabrina's happiness", but they are "at different places in their lives".
It has allegedly been "challenging for their relationship since she started going on tour and has been gone a lot," and "their schedules were not aligning".
The source also said Carpenter was being "pulled in so many directions" and didn't have time to "commit to a relationship".
They added: "She barely has time for herself, let alone for a relationship."
Keoghan revealed he's prioritizing fatherhood and wants his two-year-old son, Brando – from his previous relationship with Alyson Sandro Kierans – to be proud of him as a role model.
The actor took a hit, however, when rumors quickly swirled, he cheated on Carpenter with influencer Breckie Hill.
Keoghan was quickly slammed with rumors claiming he cheated on the singer with influencer Breckie Hill.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Keoghan swiftly addressed the breakup after deactivating his Instagram amid the harsh speculation.
He wrote on X: "I can only sit and take so much. My name has been dragged across the internet in ways I usually don't respond to. I have to respond now because it's getting to a place where there are too many lines being crossed.
The father addressed the rumors and slammed people who 'attacked his character' and 'everything he's worked for'.
"I deactivated my account because I can no longer let this stuff distract from my family and my work. The messages I have received — no person should ever have to read them.
"Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent, and every other inhumane thing you can imagine."
He also expressed frustration over internet sleuths "attacking his character" and "everything he's worked so hard for and believes in".
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.