"Give it up for Coldplay, what the hell?"
Coldplay brought out Sabrina Carpenter to sing ‘Magic’ at their BBC Radio 1 Big Weekend headline set – watch the moment below.
Earlier today, Sabrina Carpenter performed her own slot at the festival held in Luton – but it turned out that wasn’t the end of her apperance.
Seemingly prefacing his future guest, fans were quick to spot frontman Chris Martin singing “that’s that me espresso” at the end of Coldplay’s hit ‘Fix You’, from Carpenter’s recent hit ‘Espresso‘.
But Martin went on to surprise fans by bringing out the popstar to sing ‘Magic’, taken off their 2014 album ‘Ghost Stories‘.
After their duet, Martin told Carpenter: “Your lyrics are amazing and you’re amazing!”, whilst Carpenter replied: “I love Coldplay. What is this? Give it up for Coldplay – what the hell?” Watch Coldplay and Sabrina Carpenter play ‘Magic’ together below:
Sabrina Carpenter performing “Magic” with Coldplay at Big Weekend Luton! pic.twitter.com/hisrJ8QKRc
— Sabrina Daily Updates (@SCdailyupdates) May 26, 2024
CHRIS MARTIN SAYING THATS THAT ME ESPRESSO???? pic.twitter.com/yhphUDnodR
— anna☕️ TODAY (@fvtureselves) May 26, 2024
Coldplay recently announced the 25th anniversary edition of ‘Brothers & Sisters’, their debut EP released in 1999.
All three songs will be available on a special gatefold double BioVinyl seven-inch record, along with a bonus fourth track on the EP – a new spoken word addition, ‘The Story Of Brothers & Sisters’.
The 25th anniversary reissue of ‘Brothers & Sisters’ is due to arrive on November 15 via Fierce Panda – pre-order the EP here.
Coldplay are also set to become the first act to headline Glastonbury for the fifth time this June. They’ll top the iconic Pyramid Stage alongside SZA and Dua Lipa.
The band have previously said they’d stop making music in 2025. In January, they revealed that their new album ‘Moon Music’ was almost finished. Coldplay’s ninth and most recent LP, ‘Music Of The Spheres’, came out in 2021.
Speaking to NME that year, Martin talked about how “intense” it could be to keep releasing new material.
Meanwhile, Sabrina Carpenter has reacted to Adele hailing ‘Espresso’ as “my jam”.
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.