By
Chris Piner
Getting her start in the entertainment industry thanks to her work on the Disney Channel show Girl Meets World, Sabrina Carpenter used the series as a launching pad for her music career. Since the show, the singer released several hit albums like Eyes Wide Open, Evolution, and her latest album, Short n’ Sweet. While spending a little over a decade in the industry, the singer loved music from an early age as she recalled listening to Paul McCartney’s music and believing he would be her “Future husband.” 
With Carpenter on the road, promoting her new Netflix special, A Nonsense Christmas With Sabrina Carpenter, the singer decided to appear on The Last Show with Stephen Colbert. Although wanting to promote the show, the singer decided to take fans on a trip into her past and how much she loved McCartney. 
Recalling her dad playing his music, Carpenter said, “When I was very, very young, my dad played me ‘Rocky Raccoon’ for the first time, and I was so mesmerized by that song and the songwriting of it that I fell in love with Paul McCartney.”  
Adding her name to a long list of ladies who love McCartney, Carpenter’s fascination with the singer went far beyond just love. “I was convinced that was my husband, my future husband. But he was quite old. And I was so young I didn’t understand that he was much older than me … So when I grew up I just fell in love with his songwriting.”
[RELATED: Watch Chappell Roan and Sabrina Carpenter Perform “Last Christmas” for Netflix Special]
To the shock of Carpenter, her time in the music industry landed her in the company of the icon. And remembering the moment, the hitmaker insisted, “He was just so normal and casual and was so charming it just felt like I was entering an alternate universe,” she said. “Like the ‘Upside Down’ vibes. Like Stranger Things, but a lot happier than Stranger Things.”
Sharing the interview online, fans filled the comment section with love for Carpenter and McCartney. “I’ve seen so many of her interviews and this is the first time I’ve heard her laugh this hard. Excellent! Sometimes guests really are better with a shot or two. No wonder Graham Norton’s show is amazing.” Another person added, “She has a great sense of humor. I lol’d for real when LOTR came up.”
(Photo by XNY/Star Max/GC Images)
Only members can comment. Become a member. Already a member? Log in.
Why Eric Church Thinks Morgan Wallen’s Chair-Throwing Arrest Was “Actually A Good Thing”
The Forgotten Genius of Judee Sill: Folk Music’s Sacred Rebel
Why Tony Iommi Changed His Mind About the Black Sabbath Reunion

			© 2025 American Songwriter			American Songwriter: a Savage Ventures Brand