By ASHLEIGH GRAY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:29, 19 December 2024   |  Updated:  23:43, 19 December 2024   
 10
View  comments
Sabrina Carpenter has made her first comments regarding relationships since splitting from Barry Keoghan.
The 25-year-old singer took the stage at Jack Antonoff’s annual The Ally Coalition talent show event at the NYU Skirball Theatre on Tuesday night.
She surprised the audience with her appearance as she and her frequent collaborator performed their song Slim Pickins.
Engaging attendees, she said that she and Antonoff drew inspiration from the old saying 'there’s plenty of fish in the sea' when penning the track.
The petite, blonde bombshell told the crowd that the expression is a 'big fat lie, I think.'
It comes weeks after her breakup with Keoghan, 32, made headlines.
Sabrina Carpenter has made her first comments regarding relationships since splitting from Barry Keoghan; pictured in March 2023
The petite, blonde bombshell told a recent crowd that the expression 'there's more fish in the sea' is a 'big fat lie'; pictured with Keoghan in her Please Please Please music video
She and Keoghan were an item for about one year before their breakup was revealed in early December, with rumors quickly swirling that the actor had cheated with influencer Breckie Hill. 
Barry broke his silence on the breakup after deactivating his Instagram in the wake of the speculation. 
Taking to social media app X, he hit back at the 'lies, hatred' and 'disgusting commentary' and explained why he quit Instagram.
'I can only sit and take so much. My name has been dragged across the internet in ways I usually don't respond to,' he wrote in a lengthy statement.
'I have to respond now because it's getting to a place where there are too many lines being crossed,' Keoghan asserted.
'I deactivated my account because I can no longer let this stuff distract from my family and my work. The messages I have received — no person should ever have to read them.
'Absolute lies, hatred, disgusting commentary about my appearance, character, how I am as a parent and every other inhumane thing you can imagine,' he wrote.
Barry lamented that people on the internet have been 'dragging my character and everything I worked extremely hard for and stand for.'
The couple were together for about a year before calling it quits earlier this month
The former couple pictured in May at the 2024 Met Gala
Sabrina has kept busy with her professional endeavors amid the breakup and has been promoting her Me Espresso fragrance 
The message continued: 'Talking about how I was a heroine baby and how I grew up and dragging my dear mother into it also. Knocking on my granny's door.' 
'It’s been challenging for their relationship since she started going on tour and has been gone a lot,” a source told Us Weekly.
'Their schedules were not aligning. All the time spent apart it was hard to maintain a relationship amid her career exploding,' it was added.
Barry shared that he is focused on fatherhood, and added that he wants his two-year-old son Brando, from his prior relationship with Alyson Sandro Kierans, to be able to look up to him.
Meanwhile, amid the breakup, Sabrina has kept busy with her professional endeavors — she has been promoting her Me Espresso fragrance.
And this week the music artist appeared as a guest on the The Late Show With Stephen Colbert.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group