She went on to thank them for "being the best band"
Rachel Chinouriri covered Fontaines D.C‘s ‘Starburster’ in the BBC Radio 1 Live Lounge earlier today (October 16). Check it out below.
It was the former NME Cover star‘s first time performing at the Live Lounge, and to mark the occasion she delivered a high-octane take on the track from Fontaines D.C’s latest LP ‘Romance‘.
The striking rendition included an eerie guitar solo and Chinouriri’s haunting vocals building to a powerful crescendo on the bridge. Following her performance, she took to Twitter/X to thank Fontaines D.C “for being the best band”.
Later on, she also played ‘Even’, her new single with Cat Burns that calls out the double standards they’ve experienced while navigating the music industry as young British Black women. Check out both performances below.
In other Live Lounge news, Blossoms recently teamed up with Rick Astley for a cover of Charli XCX‘s ‘360’, while Finneas played a soulful rendition of Radiohead‘s ‘Fake Plastic Trees’. Last week Fontaines D.C. took on Lana Del Rey’s ‘Say Yes To Heaven’, and earlier this year Dua Lipa performed a cover of Cleo Sol‘s ‘Sunshine’ in May.
Elsewhere, Sabrina Carpenter shared her version of Chappell Roan’s ‘Good Luck, Babe!’, and The Last Dinner Party performed a cover of Troye Sivan‘s ‘One Of Your Girls’ for their Live Lounge debut.
Chinouriri released her debut LP ‘What A Devastating Turn Of Events’ earlier this year. In a four-star review, NME said: ‘What A Devastating Turn Of Events’ – despite its slightly macabre title – is consistently charming, while offering enough range in sound and scope to hint at Chinouriri’s future ambitions. She has worked hard to make it sound this easy.
She’ll be hitting the road next month on her sold-out UK headlining tour in support of the record, and next year, she will serve as opening support for Sabrina Carpenter’s ‘Short N’ Sweet’ UK and European tour. Check out the full dates below and visit here to purchase tickets.
Back in August, the ‘Never Need Me’ singer announced that she had dropped out of the Remi Wolf tour and several festival slots due to the financial strain becoming “too much”.
I’m deeply saddened to announce that I have to withdraw from the Remi Wolf tour and several festivals. This year I’ve invested all my savings and earnings into my shows, styling, and band to be able to tour. While my debut album has opened many amazing opportunities, the financial strain on touring has become too much,” she wrote on X/Twitter.
“Despite my best efforts to secure funding for this incredible opportunity, it hasn’t been possible. This is the tough reality of the music industry, whether you’re signed or independent. I’ve explored every possible option to make this work because I adore Remi and her fanbase, and I was so excited to come to the States. However, I cannot justify the financial risk it would entail.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.