By VALERIA GARCIA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:07, 7 December 2024   |  Updated:  08:17, 7 December 2024   
 17
View  comments
Fans are raving over Sabrina Carpenter's Netflix holiday special A Nonsense Christmas — with some dubbing her as the new 'Queen of Christmas.'
On Friday, the 25-year-old Espresso hitmaker released her highly anticipated holiday special via Netflix featuring special guest performing artists, comedic cameos and various other unexpected duets.
The GRAMMY nominee serenaded viewers with tracks from her 2023 festive EP Fruitcake as well as covers of well known Christmas classics. 
She sang powerful duets such as Last Christmas with Chappell Roan, This Christmas with Tyla, Santa Baby with Shania Twain and I Saw Mommy Kissing Santa Claus with Kali Uchis. 
In between acts, the Don't Smile singer joined other stars for silly skits, including Abbott Elementary star Quinta Brunson, Sweethearts actor Nico Hiraga and model Cara Delevingne among others.
Carpenter brought a quirky and festive twist to the show by portraying a girl navigating the ups and downs of dating none other than Santa Claus.
Fans are raving over Sabrina Carpenter's Netflix holiday special A Nonsense Christmas with some dubbing her as the new 'Queen of Christmas'
In one skit, Carpenter brought a quirky and festive twist to the show by portraying a girl navigating the ups and downs of dating none other than Santa Claus
Her comedic timing and charm added a playful edge to the whimsical storyline.
Staying true to her own aesthetic, the blonde bombshell rocked a plethora of sultry holiday-themed outfits, each one capturing the season’s spirit with her festive charm.
Fans were quick to shower the Bed Chem singer and her guest stars with praise for their performance via X (formerly Twitter). Some pleaded with the star to release a full holiday album.
One user penned, 'sabrina carpenter has to release a full christmas album like what can't she do.'
'literally the best christmas special i've ever seen thank you sabrina carpenter,' another chimed in. 
A user by the name of @McBadbatMafia wrote, 'Sabrina Carpenter has given us the Christmas Special the world needed.' 
'I really enjoyed A Nonsense Christmas w/ Sabrina Carpenter,' another fan added. 
One devoted fan wrote, 'I watched sabrina carpenter's christmas special and it was so cute and fun. I'll probably watch it again.'
@sabrinalovebot said, 'all the duets were so perfect and showed her diversity in music SO well we love you sabrina claus.' 
A Nonsense Christmas is streaming exclusively on Netflix. The unique title derives from the holiday remix of her hit song Nonsense that was released last December.
She sang powerful duets such as Last Christmas with Chappell Roan
The set resembled the chaotic aftermath of a wild, raucous house party — strewn cups, tipped-over champagne bottles and scattered red and green streamers
The GRAMMY nominee serenaded viewers with tracks from her 2023 festive EP Fruitcake as well as vocalized other covers of well known holiday hits
She sung Santa Baby with Shania Twain
Their voices intertwined beautifully as they brought the lyrics to life with their modern twist and bold delivery
Stars Kyle Mooney, Megan Stalter, Sean Astin, Owen Thiele and Jillian Bell will also made an appearance in the holiday special.
Sabrina and OBB Pictures teamed up to produce A Nonsense Christmas under her newly launched At Last Productions banner.
The Juno songstress said in a press release, 'The holidays have always been so special to me.
'I am excited to bring my take to a classic holiday variety show — infusing my love of music and comedy to make something that is uniquely me.'
Michael D. Ratner, executive producer and founder/CEO of OBB Media praised the singer who is currently on her Short n' Sweet World Tour.
He said: 'Sabrina’s vision to subvert the classic holiday special has been clear since day one. At OBB, we partner with the world’s most captivating artists to reimagine the expected.
'We’re proud of the work by our entire team and want to highlight Simone Spira, the Volara team, Sam Wrench, Nikki Boella and all involved that brought Sabrina’s vision to life on Netflix .'
Back in September, the former Disney Channel child star and the streaming platform teamed up to announce the project by sharing a promotional video teasing the special.
The blonde beauty is currently on a three month break from touring but is slated to resume her concert in early March in Dublin, Ireland for the show's European leg.
The singer sang This Christmas with Tyla
The Don't Smile singer joined other stars for silly skits, including Abbott Elementary star Quinta Brunson, Sweethearts actor Nico Hiraga and model Cara Delevingne (seen)
She kicked off the Short n' Sweet World Tour in Columbus, Ohio on September 24, 2024 and has plans to end the concert tour in Milan, Italy on March 26, 2025.
The Lie to Girls songstress — who recently celebrated her 25th birthday — is Spotify's #11 most listened to artist worldwide on the platform.
A Nonsense Christmas' release comes two days after Sabrina reportedly split up with her boyfriend of one year, 32-year-old Oscar nominee Barry Keoghan. The Saltburn star appeared in the singer's sultry music video for Please Please Please.
The multihyphenate has had 15 singles chart on the Billboard Hot 100 since launching her music career in 2014.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group