Leonardo DiCaprio has been dragged by Sabrina Carpenter.
The Espresso singer mocked the Titanic actor during her 25th birthday celebrations, cleverly taking aim at the Hollywood star's reputation for dating younger women. She shared highlights from the bash on her Instagram, uploading a carousel of clips.
Showing off her giant custom birthday cake, fans couldn't help but notice the cheeky design in the middle of the sweet treat. Sabrina turned 25 on May 11, meaning, based only on history, she would be too old to start a relationship with DiCaprio.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Inside Sabrina Carpenter's romance with Barry Keoghan — from Coachella swoon to Met Gala appearance
Alongside a snap of the actor from 2016, the cake was printed with the text "Nooo don't turn 25 you're so sexy aha." Fans couldn't get enough of the cake and clips from the lavish celebrations in New York City, alongside her friends and beau Barry Keoghan.
"The cake lol," pal Emily Ratajkowski commented below the upload. While another follower added: "She’s so iconic for this." A third penned: "ik he's mad she's out of his range now." A fourth joked: "Not the meme of Leonardo dicaprio in the cake."
Sabrina's had a busy few weeks, recently stepping out with boyfriend Barry at this year's Met Gala in Manhattan. She turned heads on the red carpet as she appeared in a gorgeous black and blue gown with Barry accompanying her in a top hat.
The pop princess and actor didn't cross paths until they both were at the Givenchy show on Sept. 28, 2023 in Paris. However, Barry might have already been on Sabrina's mind since she did watch an advanced screening of Saltburn only a week before.
Sabrina and Barry made their debut at one of Hollywood's biggest nights. While they didn't attend the Grammys together, they did attend the W Magazine, Mark Ronson, and Gucci's Grammys afterparty. It wasn't clear if they meant to go public, especially since they posed separately on the carpet, but they were later seen inside getting close.
After their separate Grammys arrivals, Sabrina and Barry appeared to confirm their relationship further with an Oscars debut. The pair took some snaps together and Barry was even wearing a sweet friendship bracelet. It appeared to be a nod to his new girlfriend as the beads seemed to spell out her name.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.