Switch to the dark mode that's kinder on your eyes at night time.
Switch to the light mode that's kinder on your eyes at day time.
Switch to the dark mode that's kinder on your eyes at night time.
Switch to the light mode that's kinder on your eyes at day time.



by

Brian Cantor


Nov 10, 2024, 11:46 am 



Headlines reporting that Hozier’s “Too Sweet” has reached #1 on a radio chart have become rather common this year. This week’s story does, however, include some rare achievements.
“Too Sweet” rises two places to #1 on this week’s Mediabase pop radio chart, marking its sixth total week on top — across four separate reigns. The multi-format smash previously ruled for three weeks in June, before returning for a single week in mid-July and then again for a single week in late July/early August.
Making this week’s return even more impressive is that it comes fourteen weeks after the song last ruled the pop chart (July 28-August 3 tracking period).
Hozier also secures a cross-format achievement; with his “Nobody’s Soldier” concurrently retaining its #1 position at Triple A, he becomes the first artist to simultaneously top the pop and AAA listings with different songs.
— “Too Sweet” received 14,126 pop radio spins during the November 3-9 tracking period, reflecting a week-over-week gain of 536.
Sabrina Carpenter’s “Espresso” holds at #2, while Billie Eilish’s “BIRDS OF A FEATHER” drops two levels to #3.
Lady Gaga & Bruno Mars’ “Die With A Smile” ascends one spot to #4 on the pop chart, and Sabrina Carpenter’s “Taste” rises one place to #5 on the listing.
billie eilishBruno MarshozierLady Gaganobody soldiersabrina carpentertoo sweet
Brian Cantor is the editor-in-chief for Headline Planet.  He has been a leading reporter in the music, movie, television and sporting spaces since 2002.
Brian's reporting has been cited by major websites like BuzzFeed, Billboard, the New Yorker and The Fader -- and shared by celebrities like Taylor Swift, Justin Bieber and Nicki Minaj.
Contact Brian at brian.cantor[at]headlineplanet.com.
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Comment * 
Name * 
Email * 
Website 
Δ
Loading…

May 3, 2025, 10:54 am 

Apr 27, 2025, 9:45 pm 

Apr 27, 2025, 10:48 am 

Apr 27, 2025, 10:13 am