Celebrate the release of Short n' Sweet with these gifts for Sabrina Carpenter fans.
We've been independently researching and testing products for over 120 years. If you buy through our links, we may earn a commission. Learn more about our review process.
Sabrina Carpenter is having quite a year in music. She's released multiple hit singles (BTW, "Espresso" is still stuck in our heads), she is about to go on tour this fall, and she released her newest album Short n' Sweet on August 23. As her fanbase continues to grow, there's no better way to celebrate all things Sabrina than with the best gifts for Sabrina Carpenter fans.
That's why we're here to help you find the coolest merch without breaking the bank. From unique homages to her new record to some of her go-to makeup products, everyone can get in on the Sabrina action in their own way. We even found the perfume she wears, because why wouldn't we want to walk around smelling exactly like she does? Whether you're shopping for a themed gift for your best friend or you're a Carpenter yourself, we've got affordable picks for every budget.
If you thought that finding unique gifts for the Sabrina Carpenter fan would be difficult, these ideas will have them begging "please, please, please." And for those looking for gifts for the Gen-Zer in your life, you've come to the right place. Now grab a cup of espresso and shop away! 
Looking for more great ideas? Check out our top gift guides:
Most Popular Gifts of 2024 | Taylor Swift Gifts That Will Never Go "Out of Style" | Olivia Rodrigo Gifts for All the Livies in Your Life
If you are planning on seeing Sabrina live in concert, you can already come prepared in a comfy T-shirt with her face on it. Plus, you can buy some for your fellow Sabrina loving friends, too.
Sabrina released her perfume "Sweet Tooth" back in 2022, and it's everything fans could expect the singer could smell like. With notes that include marshmallow, chocolate, Madagascar vanilla and coconut milk, it's perfectly sweet — just like her.
RELATED: Best Summer Perfumes
We're sure Sabrina fans have been streaming Short n' Sweet from the moment the album came out. But if you're the type who wants a physical copy and owns a record player, this is a great piece of memorabilia to show off to friends, family and other music lovers.
If fans want to rock the iconic words to one of Sabrina's biggest hits off of Short n' Sweet, this gold necklace is a perfect and pretty cool way to do just that. 
RELATED: Best Jewelry Gifts for Every Style and Budget
What's one way to have Sabrina with you while in school? Why, these stickers of course! They're perfect to decorate your notebooks with, or even something to put on your water bottle and garner compliments while walking through the hallways. 
Sabrina told Who What Wear in November 2023 she's obsessed with this popular cream blush for her everyday makeup look. She specifically wears the shade "Rose Crush," so now you can get her exact perfectly flushed look for yourself.
RELATED: Best Blushes for a Natural Flush on All Skin Tones
Sabrina's been known to sip from this cold cup in between songs while on Taylor Swift's "The Eras" Tour back in 2023. So, why not keep up your hydration goals with something she loves using too?
RELATED: Best Tumblers of 2024, Tested and Reviewed
While these aren't exactly like the espresso cups Sabrina sells on her official merch site, they are still a girly nod to none other than her hit single "Espresso." Plus, who doesn't want to drink their coffee out of cups that come with heart-shaped saucers? 
RELATED: Best Gifts for Coffee Lovers
If you plan on listening to Sabrina's music, you might as well have just the right ambience for it. This candle will do the trick, with 10 scents to choose from for whichever one of the singer's albums you want to jam out to.
RELATED: Best Candles on Amazon
Send them off to school in style with this vintage-style poster featuring Sabrina's iconic lyrics. They're sure to get tons of compliments and find their fellow Carpenters come freshman year.
We think Sabrina would definitely approve of these statement earrings. Wear them to her concert or even for a Sabrina Carpenter Halloween costume this year!
Sabrina's fans all love listening to "Espresso," and what way to keep the momentum of the song going than by playing it on your phone? This case has one of the most memorable lines from the song, and a cute picture of java to boot.
Help the Sabrina Carpenter fan in your life brush up on their trivia about the singer with this book that includes quizzes, coloring pages and plenty of fun facts.
In style any time of the year, this baseball cap is the perfect way to pay a nod to Sabrina without feeling overly dressed up. What's more, the cap comes in two color options and will match whatever look you're going for while attending one of the singer's concerts. 
Sabrina told The Strategist in 2022 how much she loves these (specifically in the color Phantom Violet), for the sound quality. She also prefers them instead of over-the-ear headphones, saying, "I started to get headaches, so I switched to earbuds and these were just really beautiful."
RELATED: Best Wireless Earbuds Under $100
Sabrina's kicking off her "Short n' Sweet" tour in Columbus, Ohio in late September, and fans can see her perform her biggest hits in real-life. Looking to snag a ticket? Look no further than here.
As the entertainment and news associate editor for Good Housekeeping, Adrianna (she/her) writes about everything TV, movies, music and pop culture. She graduated from Yeshiva University with a B.A. in journalism and a minor in business management. She covers shows like The Rookie, 9-1-1 and Grey's Anatomy, though when she’s not watching the latest show on Netflix, she’s taking martial arts or drinking way too much coffee.
30 College Graduation Gift Ideas They'll Love
The Ultimate Gift Guide for Law School Grads
Cool Gifts to Impress Your 8th Grade Grad
The Coolest 'Star Wars' Gifts for Fans of All Ages
The Ultimate Gift Guide for Car Enthusiasts
Creative High School Graduation Gift Ideas
The Cutest Easter Squishmallows Are Here
The Best Custom Grad Gifts and Decor From Walmart
40 Thoughtful Gifts for Mom 
The Best Gifts for Women
Gifts Under $10 That Feel Special
The Best Gifts for Crafters in 2025
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
Good Housekeeping participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we may get paid commissions on editorially chosen products purchased through our links to retailer sites.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.