Adele recently sang Sabrina Carpenter’s single Espresso in Las Vegas, thrilling the young fan.
During her show on Sunday, the Someone Like You star paused her set to gush about Sabrina’s already iconic track.
She revealed the song was stuck in her head one night when she went back to her hotel late after one of her shows.
Sitting casually on a piano stool, Adele, 36, sang some bars of the hit single and exclaimed “It’s my jam”.
“As I got into bed last night, because [it] was a very late night for me, I found myself singing ‘I'm working late, cus I'm a singer’,” she recalled.
Read more: Barry Keoghan and Sabrina Carpenter not for ‘long-term’ as she swerves kiss
“That Sabrina Carpenter song - that song is my jam!”
“It came out when I couldn't sing. So all last night that's all I've been singing.”
Adele had to postpone her Vegas shows in March after falling ill and being unable to perform.
  Don't miss...     Britney Spears could be ‘danger to herself and others’ without conservatorship  [INSIGHT]     Sienna Miller joined by lookalike daughter, 11, for Kevin Costner film premiere  [PHOTOS]     Demi Moore's horror film called 'goriest in years' gets huge 13-minute ovation  [REACTION] 
Thankfully, she’s fully recovered and back on stage now, and Sabrina, 25, couldn’t be happier to receive a shout-out from one of her heroes.
Sabrina also shared a clip of Adele on stage to Instagram, writing: “Um guys can someone check on me.”
Fans were thrilled by the shout-out, with one penning: “You know you’ve made it when Adele has your song stuck in your head.”
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
Adele praises “Espresso” by Sabrina Carpenter:“As I got into bed last night… I found myself singing, ‘I’m working late, cause I’m a singer.’ […] That song is my jam!”pic.twitter.com/QGA0wRI2fY
Sabrina has also received attention this month by making her relationship with Barry Keoghan red carpet official at the Met Gala.
Speaking about the romance to Cosmopolitan, she shared: “'A lot of it, for me, has been fate. I know that's super broad, but I don't actively look for it.
“The relationships that I actually want to put my energy into have to be so interesting or invigorating because they take me away from the other things I love. So yeah, it's fun and it's messy.”
Get all the latest news, entertainment, sport and lifestyle updates from our dedicated American team.
Follow Daily Express US on Facebook and Twitter @ExpressUSNews
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated