A cheeky nod to her partner and 'Saltburn' star Barry Keoghan
Sabrina Carpenter has closed out her final Coachella performance of 2024 with a cheeky nod to her partner Barry Keoghan.
While performing during the second weekend of Coachella on April 19 at the Coachella Stage, Carpenter final verse saw her tip her hat to Keoghan, who last year starred in Saltburn. The pair have been romantically linked since earlier this year.
On ‘Nonsense’, during which Sabrina Carpenter freestyles cheeky lyrics in its outro, she sang: “Made his knees so weak, he had to spread mine / He’s drinking my bath water like it’s red wine / Coachella, see you back here when I headline”.
Sabrina Carpenter references her boyfriend Barry Keoghan’s bathtub scene in #Saltburn in her final “nonsense” outro: 
“Made his knees so weak he had to spread mine. He’s drinking my bath water like it’s red wine. #Coachella , see you back here when I headline.” pic.twitter.com/k7RwPD9bd8
— Marcus (@marcusuntrell) April 20, 2024
The “bath water” lyric references a scene in Saltburn, during which Oliver (Keoghan) drinks Felix’s (Jacob Elordi) bathwater after spying on the latter pleasing himself in a bathtub.
Following her Coachella performance, Carpenter reflected on her pair of shows at the festival, writing: “That was one of the most fun shows I’ve ever played. I can’t believe i got to sing ‘Don’t Know Why’ with the one and only magnificent [Norah Jones]…. I can’t believe my keyboard is haunted… and i can’t believe you guys were already singing along to all the words in ‘espresso’. I feel so lucky. thank you to everyone who came to watch!!!!”
A post shared by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter)
Most recently, Carpenter teamed up with Girl In Red to release a new single, ‘You Need Me Now?’, last month. Prior to that, she opened for Taylor Swift in across several dates in Latin America, Australia and Asia between August 2023 and March 2024.
In a four-star review of Saltburn, NME‘s Alex Flood wrote: “Emerald Fennell’s rich tapestry gradually unravels, and we lurch, bowtie askew, half-empty bottle of Dom Pérignon clutched in one hand, towards a gripping finale. Saltburn isn’t the most talked-about party of the year, but you shouldn’t miss it all the same.”
The world’s defining voice in music and pop culture: breaking what’s new and what’s next since 1952.

    When you purchase through affiliate links on NME.com, you may contribute to our site through commissions.
    Learn more


    © 2025 NME is part of NME Networks.