Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
Travis Kelce is in the building! 
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end was spotted in the crowd at Taylor Swift’s first “Eras Tour” show in Sydney on Feb. 23. 
Kelce touched down in Australia on Thursday to support Swift on the international leg of her “Eras Tour," and it looks like it’s been a busy trip for the couple. 
Here’s more about Kelce and Swift’s whirlwind time in Australia so far.
Kelce cheered on Swift during her first “Eras Tour” performance in Sydney on Feb. 23. 
In one video from the concert shared on TikTok, the Super Bowl champion could be seen clapping for his girlfriend and smiling at her performance in Accor Stadium.
In another TikTok video, Kelce, sporting a blue T-shirt and shorts, high-fived fans as he made his way through the crowd.
Like any loyal Swiftie, Kelce also appeared to be wearing several friendship bracelets, which have become a staple at "Eras Tour" shows.
Swift included a few sweet shoutouts to her boyfriend during the concert.
In a fan video shared on X, the singer changed the lyrics of her 2022 single, “Karma," to “Karma is the guy on the Chiefs/ Coming straight home to me" — a cute lyrics swap she's made before.
Swift also may have referenced Kelce's recent Super Bowl victory at one point during the show. In a fan video shared on TikTok showing Swift singing her 2010 song "Long Live," she seemed to point meaningfully into the crowd as she sang the verse, "When they gave us our trophies ..."
Some fans on TikTok speculated that this was Swift's playful nod to Kelce's Super Bowl win on Feb. 11.
The couple enjoyed another sweet moment at the end of the Sydney show. In a video posted by a fan on X, Swift and Kelce shared a kiss before they left the arena together.
The “Lavender Haze” singer dropped a surprise on social media during her Feb. 23 show, sharing the name of a new bonus track, “The Albatross,” that will be included on her upcoming album, “The Tortured Poets Department.”
Swift has three remaining shows in Sydney on Feb. 24, 25 and 26. Kelce hasn't confirmed whether he will attend these dates as well, but in any case, he will no doubt be cheering her on.
Swift and Kelce have been making the most of their time together in Sydney. 
On Feb. 22, the day the Kansas City Chiefs star landed in Australia (local time), the couple was spotted strolling around Sydney Zoo, according to 7News Australia.
They were given a private tour of the zoo, which included some quiet time feeding the kangaroos, the outlet also reported.
Swift sported casual denim shorts and a tank top, while Kelce kept things similarly casual in shorts, a T-shirt and a baseball cap, as they walked around hand in hand.
Swift had also reportedly visited the zoo the day before Kelce's arrival.
On Feb. 21, TODAY.com confirmed that Kelce touched down in Sydney. 
Australia’s “The Morning Show” captured the moment Kelce deboarded a private plane on Feb. 22 (in Australia) ahead of Swift’s four shows at the Accor Stadium. 
Kelce has traveled far to see the pop icon perform before. In November, he flew to Argentina for one of Swift’s Buenos Aires concerts. 
While he watched the impressive three-hour set from a special VIP section, Swift decided to give him a sweet shoutout. 
She slightly tweaked the lyrics for “Karma” and sang, “Karma is the guy on the Chiefs/ Coming straight home to me.”
In the original lyric, she sings, “Karma is the guy on the screen/ Coming straight home to me.”
Swifties passionately cheered after hearing the reference to Kelce, and many recorded his immediate reaction. 
The NFL player, who was standing next to Swift’s father, Scott Swift, playfully covered his face and smiled in multiple videos shared on social media. 
Kelce's recent attendance at Swift’s Feb. 23 Sydney concert marked at least the third time he has seen the “Eras Tour.” Before they started dating, Kelce spoke on his “New Heights” podcast about attending a Kansas City show in July and trying to give Swift his number before their romance began. 
He also attended his first international "Eras Tour" show in Buenos Aires in November. 
Since then, the two have dominated headlines as Swift traveled to cheer him on during multiple Chiefs games. The “Anti-Hero” singer managed to perform four shows in Tokyo before arriving in Las Vegas in time to see Kelce’s team defeat the San Francisco 49ers 25-22 at the Super Bowl. 
After the pair shared a romantic moment on the field following the win, they danced the night away at the XS Nightclub at Wynn Las Vegas.
The club posted a video to its official Instagram account that showed the couple singing and kissing as a remix of her song “Love Story” blasted in the background. 
Swift resumed her “Eras Tour” a few days later and flew to Melbourne, Australia, to play for her biggest crowd ever on a tour. 
After her Australian concert dates, Swift will head to Singapore for her next group of tour dates on March 2. 
Ariana Brockington is a trending news reporter at TODAY digital. She is based in Los Angeles.
Lindsay Lowe has been a regular contributor to TODAY.com since 2016, covering pop culture, style, home and other lifestyle topics. She is also working on her first novel, a domestic drama set in rural Regency England.
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.