The track is the first single from the producer's upcoming album Faith of a Mustard Seed.

													By
												

	Angel Diaz


Mustard is wasting no time riding the wave of his and Kendrick Lamar’s No. 1 record “Not Like Us” becoming the topic of conversation once again after the latter’s Pop Out concert on Juneteenth. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Mustard		
					






















	
		
					Travis Scott		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The L.A. producer is gearing up to drop his fifth studio album, Faith of a Mustard Seed, in July and on Friday (June 21), he dropped off the lead single, “Parking Lot” featuring Travis Scott. Over soulful production provided by Mustard, of course, Travis raps about enjoying a woman’s company in a parking lot during the summer. 

	










			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Mustard teased the song recently with an Instagram Reel of the two artists working on the track in the studio.
A post shared by Mustard (@mustard)

	The video features a clip of Mustard trying to get Travis in the studio, saying, “I found the one. I need you, bruh. ‘Whole Lotta Lovin” times 30,” in reference to their 2016 collab.

	Mustard also posted a carousel of images of him and Travis during a shoot before the song went live on streaming services.

	Hopefully, this means a video will be coming soon. 
A post shared by Mustard (@mustard)

	Both have been in the news recently for very different reasons. Mustard was part of the Pop Out concert put on by Kendrick Lamar to celebrate L.A.’s rich hip-hop culture. The producer was one of the openers and brought out 310babii, Blxst, Ty Dolla $ign, Dom Kennedy, Steve Lacey, Tyler, the Creator, Roddy Ricch and YG. Mustard also did a tribute dedicated to the late Nipsey Hussle.

	Travis Scott, on the other hand, had a recent run-in with the law when he was arrested in Miami and charged with disorderly intoxication and trespassing. The Houston rapper poked fun at the arrest and made T-shirts featuring his mugshot.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.