Future and Metro Boomin fans finally got their wish.
After months of anticipation, the ATL heavy-hitters returned Thursday night with We Don’t Trust You featuring Playboi Carti, Young Thug, The Weeknd, Travis Scott, Rick Ross, and Kendrick Lamar with a ferocious diss for both Drake and J. Cole.
This marks the first official collaborative album between the rapper and mega-producer. Metro teased the effort back in 2023, after he released the Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse soundtrack. “Now that Spider-Man is out and people are loving and resonating with it, my focus can go to what me and Pluto got coming out,” he told Complex at the time. “I’m not doing anything until that gets done.”
Fast-forward to March 8 when Metro shared a cinematic album trailer announcing the 17-track, hourlong project’s release date. “Great things come to those who wait,” he captioned the video, which showed him and Hendrix cruising through the desert in a pair of Rolls-Royces.
“There’s a lot of fuckin’ garbage ass rappers out here, running around,” the late Prodigy says in the clip's voiceover. “These n***as ain’t supposed to be rapping, son. This game is meant for a select, simple few. A select few, man. And that’s what it is today, man, I don’t give a fuck, ain’t nothin’ changed.”
Though this is their first official coheadlining release, Metro—a three-time Grammy nominee—was a massive part of three-time Grammy-winner Future's classic 2014-2016 run, contributing significantly to Dirty Sprite 2, What a Time to Be Alive, Purple Reign, Honest, Monster, and a bit of Evol. Their work together went dormant for a stretch of years, with 30-year-old Metro contributing zero beats on 40-year-old Future's last five full-lengths—Wrld on Drugs with Juice WRLD, The Wizrd, High Off Life, Pluto x Baby Pluto with Lil Uzi Vert, and I Never Liked You. Future was missing from Metro's debut album, 2018's Not All Heroes Wear Capes, but showed up in a big way for the December 2022 follow-up Heroes & Villains, doing four tracks, a number only matched by Metro's many-time collaborators 21 Savage and Travis Scott.
Metro recently revealed that We Don’t Trust You is just one of two joint albums he and Future have in store.
“Two LPs’ worth of Metro’s sinister cinematic soundscapes and Future’s irresistible demon musicality,” read a press release. “These projects are a culmination of rap’s most fruitful partnership.”
The second effort is expected to arrive on April 12.
While we wait for more info on album No. 2, you can stream We Don’t Trust You on Spotify, Apple Music, and all major platforms.
music | BY Zach Dionne
Kendrick Lamar Disses Drake and J. Cole on Future and Metro Boomin's Album: 'Motherf*ck the Big 3, N***a It's Just Big Me'
music | BY Mark Elibert
Metro Boomin Calls His Joint Project With Future the ‘Ultimate' Album
music | BY Trace William Cowen
Drake and Metro Boomin Appear to Be Beefing: What’s Going On?
Lil Wayne
Lil Wayne: Sorry 4 The Wait 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Red & Black Split Vinyl)
2Pac
2PAC: The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory – LA King’s Edition (Limited Edition Silver/Black Swirl Vinyl)
Big Sean
Big Sean: Dark Sky Paradise 2LP Deluxe (Complex Exclusive Clear Vinyl)
Selena Gomez
Selena Gomez & benny blanco: I Said I Love You First (Complex Exclusive Clearwater Vinyl)
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.