ADVERTISEMENT

    Richard Allen Antonich, 65, resident of Superior, WI, passed away on Monday, July 29, 2024, at Essentia St. Mary’s Hospital in Duluth, MN, with his loving wife and family by his side.
He was born in Duluth on November 3, 1958, to Albert and Grace (Granquist-Ottis) Antonich. He grew up in Duluth and graduated from the former Duluth Central High School, in the class of 1977. 
Richard was a master of drywall and spent many years as a self-employed drywaller. He also drove trucks for nearly eighteen years. 
He was united in marriage to Susan “Suzi” E. Britton on February 22, 2022, in Superior.  
Richard was a very intelligent and talented man who created beautiful cross stitch and other forms of art. He was also a huge Minnesota Vikings fan and was passionate about old muscle cars. Above all, Richard loved spending time with his family and friends. Some of his favorite times were going on walks with Suzi in Billings Park, while she took photos, and he got to feed the chipmunks, or getting together with friends to play dice or cards.  
He was a wonderful man who will be forever missed by his wife Suzi; mother Grace Ottis; children Alan Scott, Travis Antonich, and Melinda Stewart; seven grandchildren; brothers Doug (Bonnie) and Gary (Linda) Antonich; sister Toni (Gary) Gratz; aunts and uncles Ruthie and Mike Jorgensen, Rachel Wickstrom, and Charles Granquist; special friends Barb and Gary, Larry and Evy, and Amber and Toni; and many nieces, nephews, and cousins. 
He is preceded in death by his father Albert; niece Trina Helms; and Robyn Antonich, mother of his sons Alan and Travis. 
The family would like to extend their heartfelt thanks and appreciation to Dr. Dorenfield and his staff at the radiation department at Essentia St. Mary’s and Dr. Sue Anderson and her staff in the oncology department, for the kind and compassionate care they provide Richard. 
A Private Family gathering will be held. 
The Lenroot-Maetzold Funeral Home, 1209 E. 5th Street in Superior, is assisting the family with arrangements. To leave a condolence or sign the guestbook, please visit  www.lenroot-maetzold.com.
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT