ST. LOUIS (Sept. 27, 2024) – Two races remain in the 2024 season in the Congruity NHRA Pro Mod Drag Racing Series presented by LearnEV+ and there’s still plenty on the line heading to St. Louis as part of this weekend’s NHRA Midwest Nationals at World Wide Technology Raceway.
It is the ninth of 10 races during the 2024 season and the third of four events in the “Road to the Championship,” with several top drivers still alive in the title chase. This weekend’s event in St. Louis is powered by both M&M Transmissions and Jerry Bickel Race Cars, and another huge field will entertain fans in St. Louis as the Pro Mod season hits a thrilling point.
A wild weekend in Charlotte included a first-time winner in Travis Harvey, as he filled in for former world champion Khalid Al Balooshi, sending the veteran to second in points in the process. Al Balooshi now trails Ken Quartuccio by just 19 points, with a flurry of additional contenders still racing for the championship.
A number of top teams, including Bahrain 1 Racing, Scott Tidwell Racing, Team Shelton Motorsports and title contender Jose Gonzalez, are M&M Transmission customers, with the company thrilled to be part of such an important race weekend at their home facility.
“St Louis is our home track, so it was a natural decision to support our NHRA Pro Mod racers and customers,” said Mark Micke, M&M Transmission Owner and CEO. “Our on-track maintenance services are an extension of our beliefs of delivering reliability and performance to enable the quickest and fastest doorslammers in the world to win and set records.”
Jordan Lazic won last year in St. Louis and, like Harvey in Charlotte, did so in his first career start. Lazic is currently seventh in points, 65 out of first, showcasing the number of standouts still in title contention. Former world champs Kris Thorne and Gonzalez are 38 and 45 points behind, respectively, while Kevin Rivenbark rounds out the top five, trailing Quartuccio by 46 points.
Justin Bond is just 48 points out of first, while other standouts in St. Louis include Charlotte runner-up Dmitry Samorukov, reigning world champion Mike Castellana, Billy Banaka, Mason Wright, J.R. Gray and Michael Stavrinos.
Rain wiped out qualifying on Friday in St. Louis, meaning the NHRA Pro Mod drivers will get two shots at the track on Saturday, with qualifying times set for 11:15 a.m. and 4:50 p.m. CT in the Congruity NHRA Pro Mod Drag Racing Series presented by LearnEV+. The first round of eliminations is slated for 9:05 a.m. CT on Sunday.
Tickets may be purchased at the WWTR ticket office, by phone at (618) 215-8888, or online at www.wwtraceway.com. All children 12 and under will be admitted free in the general admission area with a paid adult. For more information on NHRA, visit www.NHRA.com.
About M&M Transmission
Founded in 1996 by Mark Micke, M&M Transmission specializes in race-winning and record-setting drag racing transmissions, torque converters and shifters with trusted reliability and top technology. Today, M&M Transmission is based out of Jefferson City, Missouri. A comprehensive array of in-house machinery and equipment, such as a SuperFlow transmission and torque converter dyno, state-of-the-art lathes, mills, and more, allows the talented team to manufacture and assemble its performance drag racing transmissions, torque converters, shifters, and more with a commitment to upholding a strong “Made in the USA” standard of quality. Established by a diehard racer and staffed with a group of drag racing enthusiasts, Mark Micke’s M&M Transmission knows what it takes to win. Head over to mandmtransmission.com to join the race-winning team!
About Jerry Bickel Race Cars
Jerry Bickel Race Cars are synonymous with quality built, fast door cars around the world. Established in 1985, Jerry Bickel Race Cars created a new generation of innovative techniques and procedures that would continue WINNING races for over 35 years. In 2000, JBRC built a state-of-the-art building designed to engineer, fabricate, paint, and complete race cars from start to finish. JBRC also carries a full line of racing components to make Jerry Bickel Race Cars a “one stop chassis shop”. For more information visit www.jerrybickel.com
About NHRA
NHRA is the primary sanctioning body for the sport of drag racing in the United States. NHRA presents 20 national events featuring the NHRA Mission Foods Drag Racing Series and NHRA Lucas Oil Drag Racing Series, as well as the Congruity NHRA Pro Mod Drag Racing Series presented by LearnEV+, NHRA Flexjet Factory Stock Showdown™, NHRA Holley EFI Factory X and Johnson’s Horsepowered Garage NHRA Mountain Motor Pro Stock at select national events. NHRA provides competition opportunities for drivers of all levels in the NHRA Summit Racing Series and NHRA Street Legal™. NHRA also offers the NHRA Jr. Street® program for teens and the Summit Racing Jr. Drag Racing League® for youth ages 5 to 17. With 110 Member Tracks, NHRA allows racers to compete at a variety of locations nationally and internationally. NHRA’s Youth and Education Services® (YES) Program reaches over 30,000 students annually to ignite their interest in automotive and racing related careers. NHRA’s streaming service, NHRA.tv®, allows fans to view all NHRA national events as well as exclusive features of the sport. In addition, NHRA owns and operates three racing facilities: Gainesville Raceway in Florida; Lucas Oil Indianapolis Raceway Park; and In-N-Out Burger Pomona Dragstrip in Southern California. For more information, log on to www.NHRA.com, or visit the official NHRA pages on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and YouTube.
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of SpeedwayMedia.com


Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

© SpeedwayMedia.com. All rights reserved.