Shanna Moakler will not be rocked by negativity.
The former Miss USA cleared the air about a rumored family feud involving her and ex Travis Barker's kids Alabama Barker, 18, and Landon Barker, 20, as well as her 25-year-old Atiana De La Hoya, who the Blink-182 drummer helped raise after Shanna's early aughts breakup with Oscar De La Hoya. Though Alabama and Landon previously called out Shanna's parenting on social media, the 49-year-old said her children have since "taken back what they said about me and apologized."
"I'm not a deadbeat mom," she told People in an interview published June 24. "I have a very close relationship with my children who are now adults, and I have been present in their lives, except during COVID lockdown."
However, Shanna noted that she and Travis, who she was married to from 2004 to 2008, "don't speak anymore."
"I don't have a relationship with Travis, but I think that's OK," she shared. "I don't feel like it'll be like that forever, but I feel like right now—I think that's where we are at in our evolution, and maybe in the future, it'll change."
But for now, Shanna isn't too hung up about having a relationship with her exes.
"I don't care about Oscar or Travis," Shanna said, explaining that she is more concerned about "healing from the loss" of her parents last year. "I'm an empty nester and turning 50, and I'm just trying to find my place in the world again without my parents or a partner."
Explaining how she was once "stereotyped as the dumb blonde," the Meet the Barkers alum continued, "I want my children to have self-love and know their worth and value. I gave up so much to support other men, their goals and their dreams, and I will never do it again."
Shanna added, "I'm optimistic about my future. I feel very lucky I got through it. I want to be the light at the end of the dark tunnel of awful breakups and horrible divorces. And I never want to diminish my light or my self-esteem."
Travis, 48, has also moved on since his divorce from Shanna. The musician tied the knot with Kourtney Kardashian in 2022, before welcoming their son Rocky Barker in November.
As for what his kids think of their blended family, which includes Kourtney's children Mason Disick, 14, Penelope Disick, 11, and Reign Disick, 9, with ex Scott Disick?
"I love expanding the family," Landon told E! News in 2022, adding that his dad is "super happy" with Kourtney.
E! News has reached out to Travis' and Oscar's reps for comment but hasn't heard back.
For a closer look at Kourtney and Travis' blended family, keep reading.
A Fashionable Family
Kourtney and Travis took Alabama to Tommy Factory's New York Fashion Week show in September 2022.
Mom & Me Mirror Selfie
Penelope Disick—who Kourtney and ex Scott Disick share alongside sons Mason Disick and Reign Disick—appeared with her mother in a vacation selfie from Australia.
Australian Summer
Reign and Penelope enjoyed some fun in the sun during their family trip to Australia for Blink-182's tour.
Kravis Down Under
Kourtney and Travis enjoyed some touristy activities in Australia.
Boys Club
In honor of Landon's 20th birthday in October 2023, Kourtney shared a throwback photo from 2017 of the then-teenager hanging out with Mason.
Alabama snaped a silly selfie with half-sister Atiana, as well as Kourtney and Penelope, during the Kardashians star's May 2022 wedding with Travis.
Kourtney took a break from her wedding festivities in to pose for a selfie with Alabama in May 2022.
Meet the Kardashian-Barkers
Travis took Alabama, Landon and Atiana to the premiere of The Kardashians in April 2022. Meanwhile, Kourtney was joined by Reign.
Front Row
Kourtney's oldest son Mason tagged along with Alabama and Atiana to Travis and Kourtney's front row outing at the AMIRI fashion show in February 2022.
Celebrating Dad
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker was joined by Landon Barker—who he and ex Shanna Moakler share alongside daughter Alabama Barker and stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya—at GQ's Men of the Year party in November 2022.
Kourtney shared a close up of this sweet throwback of Alabama and Penelope for Alabama's 17th birthday.
Kourtney, Travis, Alabama, Atiana, Landon and Reign posed at Disneyland in April 2022. 
The group spent the day at the Happiest Place on Earth in honor of Kourtney's 43rd birthday.
Landon, Atiana and Kourtney bonded over a fun snapshot.
Penelope the artist! Travis shared her drawing of him in March 2022.
On Christmas Eve 2021, the Kardashian-Jenners joined the Barkers for a night of celebrations.
Travis and Penelope enjoy a game of checkers, while Kourtney and matriarch MJ Houghton watch the pair.
For Alabama's 16th birthday in December 2021, Kourtney and Travis surprised her with balloons that spelled out "BAMA 16."
Travis wrote in caption, "I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!"
Travis appeared with Kourtney and Penelope in a TikTok video posted on the mom-and-daughter duo's joint account.
"So happy for you guys," Travis' daughter Alabama wrote on a photo celebrating the couple's engagement. "I love u both!"
Landon joined his dad and Kourtney for some Halloween 2021 fun at Knott's Scary Farm in Southern California.
Kourtney recruited her son Mason for a trip to Universal Studios' Halloween Horror Nights with Travis and his daughter Alabama in 2022.
Atiana posed as the Bride of Frankenstein to Reign's Frankenstein during the spooky outing.
Kourtney's daughter Penelope rocked a devil costume as the crew headed to the Los Angeles immersive jack-o-lantern experience Nights of the Jack.
During their Nights of the Jack adventure, Alabama captured Travis and Penelope sharing a sweet moment as he walked around carrying her on his shoulders.
Even before they were dating, Travis and Kourtney were friends for years. Just look at this throwback photo of Mason, Landon, Alabama and Penelope from 2017.
Talk about a sweet birthday present! Travis gifted Kourtney's daughter Penelope a state-of-the-art drum set when she turned nine back in July 2021.
What better place to spend the Fourth of July 2021 than Disneyland? The happy couple celebrated the holiday there with Landon, Alabama and Reign.
Atiana opted to twin with Kourtney in matching snow gear during their first family trip together in Deer Valley, Utah, in April 2021.
Who needs to hit the slopes when you've got snowmobiles? Alabama joined in on the fun in this candid snap of her, Kourtney and Atiana.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.