Getty (2)
An interviewer poked fun at Travis Kelce while giving a funny shout-out to his girlfriend, Taylor Swift, following the Kansas City Chiefs game against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
After the Chiefs came out victorious while playing against the Buccaneers on Monday, November 4, Travis, 35, chatted with ESPN’s Scott Van Pelt to discuss the game. “You work late, but not like your girl. She works for, like, three hour shows,” Scott, 58, told the tight end during the interview. “You put in a light night of work.”
Scott was referencing Taylor’s record-breaking Eras tour, which runs for about three and a half hours. Taylor, 34, kicked off the international tour in March 2023, and it is scheduled to conclude in Vancouver on December 8.
After Scott jokingly compared Taylor and Travis’ jobs, he praised the professional athlete for his “incredible job” during the game. After getting off to a slow start this season, Travis tied his career high for receptions during the November 4 game.
The interviewer said that “things are working out OK lately” for Travis after many fans questioned “what’s wrong with big 87” earlier in the season, referencing his jersey number.
“They’re just working, baby. We’re going up that staircase,” Travis responded. “Hopefully by the end of this year, man, we’re hustling another [Super Bowl] trophy.”
The Chiefs have won the past two Super Bowls, while Taylor was in the stands when Travis and his teammates beat the San Francisco 49ers in the championship game in February.
The “Cornelia Street” singer has continued to cheer Travis on during the current season, and she was in the crowd during the November 4 game alongside her parents, Andrea Swift and Scott Swift, and brother Austin Swift.
After Taylor and Travis confirmed their romance in September 2023, she clapped back at critics who accused her of taking up too much attention by attending games. “When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves. We’re showing up for each other. Other people are there and we don’t care,” she told Time when she was named the outlet’s Person of the Year in December 2023.
“I don’t know how they know what suite I’m in,” she said, acknowledging that the cameras always seem to find her at Travis’ games. “There’s a camera, like, a half-mile away, and you don’t know where it is and you have no idea when the camera is putting you in the broadcast, so I don’t know if I’m being shown 17 times or once. I’m just there to support Travis. I have no awareness of if I’m being shown too much and pissing off a few dads, Brads and Chads.”
Not only does Taylor support Travis at his games, but he has also attended several of her Eras tour shows. After he admitted he had “FOMO” over missing her October shows in Miami, Travis made sure to catch the end of her concert in Indianapolis, Indiana, on November 2.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: