61% of consumers are planning to tune in
February 8, 2024
Super Bowl Sunday is only a few days away, and as fans get ready for the matchup between the Kansas City Chiefs and the San Francisco 49ers, grocers, delivery services, and others are offering an abundance of specials.
According to data analytics firm Numerator, 61% of consumers are planning to watch the Super Bowl this year, scheduled for Feb. 11, and 82% said they plan to watch it at home. 
The Numerator report said half of Super Bowl watchers plan to buy soda for the game, while 37% will purchase beer, 22% spirits, 15% sparkling water, 13% juice, 10% hard seltzers, 9% ready-to-drink cocktails, and 3% THC- or CBD-infused beverages. 
Chips are expected to be among the biggest sellers for the game, with 75% of survey respondents planning to buy them. Dips, salsas, and guacamole are also on the top of more than two-thirds of shopping lists at 67%, while 47% plan to buy pizza, 42% chicken wings, and 22% nachos, Numerator noted. 
Grocers are already gearing up for the game, announcing Super Bowl specials.
Kroger is highlighting its broad selection of private label brand dips by Private Selection, Simple Truth, and Kroger Brand. 
“Dips are more than a game day staple this year, they are the real MVP,” said Juan De Paoli, vice president of Our Brands for Kroger, in a press release. “From cheesy to plant-based options, we’re covering the spread for the Big Game. No matter who you root for, we are here with fresh Home Chef fried chicken, appetizers, chips, drinks and all the watch party essentials to ensure there are no fumbles at the snack table.” 
Kroger is also offering special game day digital ads on its mobile and web portals. 
Meanwhile, Batavia, Ill.-based discount grocer Aldi is cutting prices by 25% for popular game day items like Casa Mamita Mild or Medium Salsa, Park Street Deli Fresh Medium Salsa, Mama Cozzi’s Pizza Kitchen Take and Bake Five Cheese Deli Pizza, and more. 
“Year-round, we look for every opportunity to save customers time and money,” said Scott Patton, vice president of national buying, in a press release. “This game day, we’re investing in our customers even more by offering an additional 25% off their spreads – whether they’re rooting for their favorite team, watching the halftime show or laughing during the commercial breaks.”
Speaking of the commercials, Numerator said 60% of survey respondents said they are looking forward to the commercials, and 48% are anticipating this year’s halftime show, which will feature R&B singer Usher.
While she has no official connection to the Super Bowl, aside from her relationship with Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, musician Taylor Swift is expected to be at the big game, and that’s likely to attract more Gen Z and Millennial viewers, according to Numerator.  
“While most consumers (79%) say an appearance by the pop star would not impact their likelihood of watching the game, 12% of consumers say they are more likely to watch if Taylor Swift attends. This number jumps to 20% for Gen Z and Millennial consumers,” the report said. 
Swifties keeping a close eye on the game could also win big with DoorDash on Super Bowl Sunday. The last-mile delivery service is creating a sweepstakes this year for fans.
“Timed to football’s biggest event, DoorDash will DoorDash stuff from all the commercials – awarding one lucky winner with items advertised throughout the duration of the game,” the company said. “From cars to snacks to desserts, self-care products and even tax service, DoorDash will give it all away. Just crack the code during DoorDash’s Big Game commercial for a chance to obtain it all.”
Read more about:
Timothy Inklebarger
Editor
Timothy Inklebarger is an editor with Supermarket News. 
You May Also Like
Copyright © 2025 Informa Connect Limited. Registered in England & Wales with number 01835199, registered office 5 Howick Place, London, SW1P 1WG.