Travis Scott is back on his grizzly and will be turning ComplexCon into his own playground for 2024...
Source: Phillip Faraone / Getty
It’s that time of year when ComplexCon ascends on the Hip-Hop culture. This year, Complex has tapped one of the biggest names in the music industry, Travis Scott, to help curate their eight annual festivities.
Over the weekend, it was revealed that none other than La Flame aka Travis Scott would be taking the helm for this year’s ComplexCon in Las Vegas. It all goes down Saturday, November 16 and Sunday, November 17 at the Las Vegas Convention Center, which will tout over 1,000,000 sq ft, for brands like Nike, adidas, Awake NY, New Era, Cactus Plant Flea Market, Hidden Undefeated, Mitchell & Ness, and many more to outfit pop-ups, special drops and activations.
It will be dubbed CactusCon (of course) as Cactus Jack, who headlined the first ComplexCon back in 2016, will be the event’s Artistic Director and headliner for the Sunday night finale. As cool as the news is, sneakerheads want to know if Travis Scott will be breaking out some new exclusive kicks for the event or if he’ll be rocking some joints we’ve already seen before (just sayin’).
In a press release from ComplexCon, we get an idea of what we can expect now that the “Highest In The Room” rapper is in control of the festivities.
Under Scott’s creative direction, Cactus Jack will infuse its iconic style throughout ComplexCon. Scott will also design exclusive merchandise only available at the festival. The multi-platinum, diamond-certified recording artist, producer, and style icon’s role builds upon ComplexCon’s history of working with the most prominent and innovative artists such as Takashi Murakami, to push artistic and experiential boundaries.
So are we getting some exclusive Travis Scott Nikes or Jordans?! Re-releasing some grails that were hard to cop? Again, inquiring sneaker minds want to know.
VIP and general admission tickets are already available at ComplexCon.com.
What do y’all think? Are y’all excited about this years “CactusCon” now that Travis Scott is in charge? Let us know in the comments section below.

Related Tags


									From Bad Boy To Sad Boy: Diddy Looking Rough In Court Sketch								

									Donald Trump Labeled A Moron After Failing To Recognize "MS-13" On Kilmar Abrego Garcia's Hand Was Photoshopped								

									Meek Mill Caught Slippin’ With Two Snow Bunnies, Fans Get Their Dr.Umar On								

									In The Mix: 10 Biracial Rappers Who May Surprise You [PHOTOS]								

									Megan Thee Stallion Kicks off Hot Girl Summer 2K25 With Spicy Visual For "Whenever"								

									Candace Owens The Latest Donald Trump Fan To Regret Support For Felon 47 Following  Attacks On Universities								

									14 Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Asian								

									Mike Jones Still Tippin’ & Still Answering The Same Number 20 Years Later								

						This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and
						Terms of Service apply.
						

					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.