Now 
62
 Thu 
80
 Fri 
70
by DANI TRAVIS | WPEC
TOPICS:
TAMPA, Fla. (CBS12) — Residents  up and down Florida’s Gulf Coast, from Fort Myers to the Big Bend region, are still dealing with the aftermath of Hurricane Helene, which came ashore less than two weeks ago.
Now all eyes are, once again, on the Gulf of Mexico as Milton has quickly intensified into a Category 5 hurricane with wind speeds around 180 miles per hour.
CBS12 News reporter Dani Travis is in Tampa for the week, with how preparations are going Monday, as Hurricane Milton barrels toward the coast.
The Tampa Bay, St. Petersburg, and Sarasota areas have barely had time to dry out from Hurricane Helene, which passed by about a hundred miles off the shore 12 days ago.
The line for sandbags at one distribution site in Hillsborough County was hours long. County Parks & Rec officials say they’ve seen hundreds of people come through Monday and they expect Tuesday will only be busier.
Officials also tell us they literally ran out of prefilled sandbags after Helene, so things are going much slower this time around.
“There’s been a lot of people out here that we saw two weeks ago. We asked them how they did, they lost pretty much everything in their home and they’re out here basically to get more sandbags to try and protect what little they have left. It’s a little discouraging, but we’re doing the best we can to help residents to make sure they’re prepared for this storm,” said Mikah Collins, the Community Relations Coordinator for Hillsborough County Parks & Recreation.
But now that Hurricane Milton is looking like it’s going to come ashore right in the Tampa Bay area, people are preparing for the worst.
“It’s really stressful, but the safety of our family and the community is the most important thing. Just trying to contribute however we can,” said Scott Mathesom, a Hillsborough County resident.
“I really feel bad for everyone who was impacted by (Hurricane) Helene. I am very worried naturally and praying for the best, but I’m trying my best to stay calm and as positive as I can be,” said Melissa Sepulveda, a Hillsborough County resident.
Closer into the city, 15-foot flood barriers have already gone up around Tampa General Hospital. The hospital sits at the corner of Davis Island, surrounded by the water in Hillsborough Bay, which is a flood-prone area.
But the effects of Hurricane Milton will be felt all across central and south Florida. That’s why now is the time to prepare.
You’ve still got time to check your hurricane kit for food, water, prescription medicines, batteries and food for your four-legged friends. After that, just keep an eye on the storm as it gets closer, expected to make landfall late Wednesday.