The 5th annual Velocity Invitational, powered by Catalyst, will bring together an unparalleled collection of cars, celebrated drivers, and thrilling on- and off-track experiences at Sonoma Raceway, Oct. 4-6. With nearly half a billion dollars worth of cars at the scenic wine country road course, this year’s event will showcase how Velocity Invitational has become North America’s premier motorsports and lifestyle event.
Attendees will enjoy a lineup of some of the world’s rarest cars on the 12-turn circuit. The nine-race groups include a celebration of the Jaguar D-Type, historic NASCAR stock cars, iconic Formula 1 race cars, and the popular Historic Trans-Am group. New for 2024, on-track action will also include a Global Time Attack class, raucous Group B rally rides, drifting demonstrations, and the Sonoma Raceway Hill Climb.
Behind the wheel of these cars will be some of the most recognizable faces in motorsports. Formula 1 champion Jenson Button joins the weekend with his 1952 Jaguar C-Type, while Arrow McLaren INDYCAR Series drivers Tony Kanaan, Christian Lundgaard (who will join the team for 2025) and Nolan Siegel hit the track in historic McLaren race cars. Formula 1 and INDYCAR driver Romain Grosjean will also compete throughout the weekend. The Global Time Attack class will include Scott Speed piloting Subaru Motorsports USA’s “WRX: Project Midnight,” Formula Drift driver Ryan Tuerck competing in his Judd 4GV V10-powered Mobil 1 Toyota Supra, and Race Service’s James Kirkham in the Mercedes AMG GTS ‘Raw Spec.’ Travis Pastrana will delight attendees with demonstration drift laps in the 1983 Subaru GL Family Huckster on Sunday, while Tuerck will drift his 650-horsepower 1966 Toyota Stout twice each day on Saturday and Sunday.
The three-day event will also feature driver autograph sessions, Williams F1 simulators, a Sip & Savor Pavilion, and local cuisine and beverage options in a luxurious, family-friendly setting. Visit www.velocityinvitational.com for a complete weekend schedule and to purchase tickets.
The third Air|Water event was a major success. Luftgekühlt is...
The appetite for extremely rare and collectible Porsches showed no...
If you’re looking to build a classic, vintage, or exotic...
This April, Worldwide Auctioneers returns to its home base in...
Copyright © 2025 duPont REGISTRY.
Copyright © 2025 duPont REGISTRY.