This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce spotted backstage as the musician completes the third night of "The Eras Tour" in Dublin, Ireland.
(Credit: @lee.x.g /TMX)
Taylor Swift's boyfriend, NFL-star tight end Travis Kelce, is positioned to be the quarterback's best asset, not competition. 
But that all changed over the weekend, when Buffalo Bills quarterback Josh Allen announced his engagement to pop star and actress Hailee Steinfeld, making them football's newest dynamic duo.
Kelce innocuously congratulated the couple in the comments section of their joint Instagram post which provoked users to speculate when he'd be dropping to a knee for Swift. 
Kelce's "Congratulations!!!" comment, which generated over 11,000 likes, also produced nearly 150 comments, many of which suggested Kelce be the "next" to propose. 
TAYLOR SWIFT, TRAVIS KELCE HAVE 'AUTHENTIC' RELATIONSHIP DESPITE 'MARKETING STRATEGY' RUMORS: CHIEFS PRESIDENT
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce might have just been knocked down from their spot as the hottest Hollywood/NFL couple by newly engaged Josh Allen and Hailee Steinfeld. (Getty Images)
"Your move bro," one user wrote. "You next," several people commented. "Ok, will you be next? the world is looking forward to it…" a person asked. "The couple in this picture is the Temu version of you and your future wife @taylorswift," another joked.
Although it's unclear when Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce officially started dating, the pop star has said by the time she was photographed at one of his football games in September 2023, they were already a couple. (Timothy A. Clary/AFP via Getty Images)
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Others marveled at the insanity of the comments section, including one fervent defender who wrote, "He should be able to congratulate his friend without people acting crazy," and later, "Very weird and invasive, stop bothering him he just congratulated his friend."
A representative for Kelce did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital's request for comment. 
Swift, who is pals with Steinfeld, also liked the post. 
APP USERS CLICK HERE TO VIEW INSTAGRAM
A post shared by Josh Allen (@joshallenqb)
Swift took her relationship with Kelce public in September 2023, after the "Bad Blood" singer attended one of his games at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri. "By the time I went to that first game, we were a couple," she told TIME of their relationship timeline. "I think some people think that they saw our first date at that game? We would never be psychotic enough to hard launch a first date."
Swift was shown over a dozen times on camera during that game, and has continued to be shown frequently at all subsequent events she's attended.
Nearing the end of her Eras Tour, Swift was accompanied by her father, Scott, and Kelce's mother, Donna, to watch the Chiefs defeat the Las Vegas Raiders on Friday.
Taylor Swift is accompanied by Donna Kelce and her father Scott Swift at Arrowhead Stadium to watch the Kansas City Chiefs take on the Las Vegas Raiders. (Jamie Squire/Getty Images)
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
An animated Taylor Swift cheered for the Kansas City Chiefs from the comfort of a box with Scott Swift and Donna Kelce. (David Eulitt/Getty Images)
Since the couple began dating, there have been rumors the relationship is manufactured for publicity purposes. Although Mark Donovan, president of the Kansas City Chiefs, refuted that narrative in late November.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
"I’d love to say that it was a marketing strategy, but it is an authentic relationship, and we’re happy to have it, and it’s been nothing but good for us," he said on CNBC’s "Squawk Box." "I think the best thing I can say about the whole relationship… and the impacts it's had on us, is Taylor Swift is an authentic member of the Kansas City Chiefs kingdom. She's an authentic fan. And that matters to our fans and our fanbase, and it matters to us, and we've tried to respect that."
Caroline Thayer is an entertainment writer. Follow Caroline Thayer on Twitter at @carolinejthayer and LinkedIn. Story tips can be sent to caroline.thayer@fox.com.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.