Want to know more about DJ Pup Dawg? Get his official bio, social pages &amp; articles on JAM'N 94.5!Full Bio
310 Babii
The Los Angeles-based rapper scored his first career entry with his single “Soak City (Do It)” on the Hot 100. The viral track has over 400k sound clips on TikTok to date. All while balancing a high school curriculum with blowing up in the rap game. Growing up, he was a fan of artists like Gucci Mane and Chief Keef due to their distinct sounds and creativity. He recorded his first song as a seventh grader using BandLab on his phone and he eventually used the same app to create his breakthrough track. The song has since amassed over 30 million combined streams on streaming platforms like Spotify and Apple Music. The likes of Travis Scott has also cosigned the upbeat, summertime-centric banger, which has found 310babii performing alongside major acts like Bia, Blxst and Bino Rideaux.
IG: @310babii
Tyla
Tyla, is a South African singer who signed to Epic Records in 2021 after the domestic success of her debut single "Getting Late" featuring Kooldrink. She rose to international fame with her 2023 single "Water", which was a top ten hit in a dozen countries including the US, UK and Australia. It was also the first song by a South African soloist to enter the US Billboard Hot 100 in 55 years. Her self-titled debut album is scheduled for release on 1 March 2024. She has been nominated for a Grammy Award, a Soul Train Music Award, a MOBO Awardand two South African Music Awards.
IG: @tyla
Scar Lip 
Scar Lip gained her popularity in 2022 with her single "Glizzy Gobbler" when it went viral on TikTok and signed a distribution deal with Epic Records the following year after releasing her breakout single "This is New York" the same month that she was featured on the Swizz Beatz, Jadakiss, and Benny the Butchersong "Take 'Em Out" from Swizz Beatz's extended play (EP) Hip Hop 50: Vol. 2. Scar Lip's music is primarily New York hip hop and gangsta rap.[9] She has listed DMX, the hip hop group Onyx, and rapper Cardi B as influences on her music and described her sound as "hardcore aggression".
IG: @scar_lip
Fridayy
Fridayy, is a singer, songwriter, and record producer. In 2022, he signed with Def Jam Recordings and guest performed on the hit songs "Forever" by Lil Baby and the title track of DJ Khaled's album God Did. The songs peaked at numbers eight and 17 respectively on the Billboard Hot 100; in turn garnering him three Grammy Award nominations. Most recently, his song "Don't Give It Away", featuring Chris Brown, was released through Def Jam Recordings as the lead single from Fridayy's self-titled first album. His most recent single “When It Comes To You” also recently passed over 50 million streams.
IG: @fridayy
Jada Kingdom
Jada Kingdom splashed into the industry with her single “Love Situations,” which topped local charts. Her catchy 2022 hit “Dickmatized” amassed over four million views on YouTube and another 4.7 million on Spotify. Her 2022 hit single, “GPP,” was her previous highest streaming single on Spotify. In short, this famous recording artist continues to break through with new successes and sounds.
IG: @jadakingdom
Liya
Liya is singer and songwriter who found her way into the music scene in 2020 when she was introduced to Davido. When they met she played a couple of her songs for him and he was hooked. He then signed Liya, as the first female artist under his imprint Davido Music Worldwide and release her first single titled "Melo." Since then, in 2023 she began releasing songs independently. Her music genre is considered Afro-Fusion, and consists of a variety of influences.
IG: @yes_liya
Sonyaé
Sonyaé, known for her signature blue hair and a blend of angelic & sassy style, has become a force in the music industry. Influenced by R&B legends Lauryn Hill and Whitney Houston, her undeniable talent flourished from her New Jersey upbringing.
Fueled by a destined love for music, Sonyaé made waves in Atlanta's music scene with her very own viral "SheMixes" on social media, leading to collaborations with notable artists like The Game, Future, Jhene Aiko, Migos, MGK, Young Thug, and Anderson Paak.
Her move to LA marked a new chapter, adorned with Grammy nominations and sync deals for "Collide" in Universal Pictures' "Queen and Slim" and "Shade" featured in Issa Rae's "Insecure." On 2.2.24, her highly anticipated EP, "OUT THE BLU," is set to make its debut.
IG: @sonyae
Jourdin Pauline
Jourdin Pauline was born to be a performer. She has written and co-produced since age 10, many songs under the guidance and development of legendary producer Alonzo Jackson (Pink, Beyonce, Zendaya Coleman, Kelly Rowland, Dr. Dre, Bella Thorne). She has worked on several projects with multi-platinum producer Donald “XL” Robertson Jr. (Master P, Juvenille, Snoop Dog). Jourdin’s currently under the direction and production of composer/producer Brian “Killah B” Bates (Chris Brown, Usher, Seven Streeter), Kevin “Go Grizzly” Price (Kevin Gates, Da Baby), Grammy nominated award winning producer Raymond “Rey Reel” Martin (Beyonce, Drake, Nicki Minaj, Britney Spears, Mariah Carey, Lil Wayne, etc), Grammy award winning singer/ songwriter/ producer Leon Thomas III as well as, Grammy award winning writer/producer Vincent Berry II Quickly gaining momentum, there is no stopping Jourdin Pauline. 
IG: @jourdinpauline
ColdheartedAC 
From Los Angeles, California, ColdheartedAC is a rapper on the rise! Having recorded music with some of your favorite artist like BabyFace Ray, Icewear Vezzo and Veeze. He has appeared on major platforms like Sway In The Morning and even opened up for PnBRock before his untimely passing. His consistency with his music has garnered him over 1.2 million views on YouTube! His talent and quality of music sets the tone for a successful year ahead.
IG: @coldheartedac
Stephanie Palomares
Born in Santa Ana, California. The Mexican beauty has never been shy to express herself in many ways. From her first single “2 Cars” that has surpassed 1 million views within a couple months of releasing to her transition to Spanish music, Stephanie has showcased she is serious is about music and not scared to try different genres. 
IG: @stephanie.palomares
Mc Mixson 
MC Mixson, is a Hip Hop Artist and Songwriter from New York City. His main goal is to "Influence and Inspire The World", by executing diversity within all genres, (Being In The MIX) MIXing the Hip Hop culture, with multiple fusions, of unique sound, accommodating and innovating today's world of music. He makes music that touches everyone’s ears and influence our new generation. You may have also seen him appear in VEVO, BET Jams, & MTV and his fanbase is currently growing larger by the minute.
IG: @mcmixson
Brismoneyy
Hailing from the Bronx, Brismoneyy is one of New York’s favorite independent rappers. His music career took off in 2017, and since then decided to take his rapping seriously. He gained more popularity through a variety of singles, most notably, “Thug Life.” His musical genre is categorized as NY drill rap and since the release of his first official record, Brismoneyy has been trying different sounds using deep 808’s. His latest single “Money Da Mission” has gained over 100k streams on Spotify and counting. 
IG: @brismoneyy
T’Challa King
Grammy nominated at 17 years old, EDM producer T’Challa King’s impact on pop culture working with Ray Charles; Steve Lacy, Kanye West; The Internet, Nas; The Free Nationals; Channel Tres, Lil Wayne; Slash of Gunz N’ Roses and many others have propelled the DJ to the top of his game while releasing many hit sounding records in the EDM/Dance community of his own. T’Challa is the founder and lead member of pop electronic EDM band Heroes. Playing every instrument, the likes of the guitar, piano, drums, bass etc; T’Challa has a wide range of EDM based Pop records, music film scores and beyond. T’Challa King born in Los Angeles, CA was destined for the Hollywood spotlight. Never leaving his Christian roots born of a family of ministers, always keeping God the forefront of his life. T’Challa’s latest record The Disco has caught the attention of pop culture.
IG: @tchallaofficialig
Clintn Lord
Clintn Lord got his start in Brooklyn and has since been on the rise from the East Coast to West Coast in Sunny Los Angeles. With his music speaking for himself with nearly 1 million views on YouTube and over 100k streams on Spotify. You have maybe also seen him featured in Kanye West’s Yeezy Season 3, NYFW September 2017 and in Vogue and Elle. In 2016, he performed at the Hard festival in Los Angeles on a bill with DJ Khaled, Travis Scott and Lil Uzi Vert. 
IG: @clintnlord
Gramzunkut
Gramzunkut is the latest sensation of hip hop. He’s performed with the likes of, Jay-Z, Chief Keef, Benny the Butcher, Uncle Murda, Cassidy, and The Lox, etc… He has performed at venues and events such as Rolling Loud, Webster Theater, The Trap in Chicago and more. His music has been heard on major radio stations, such as Hot 97 and Power 105.1.
 IG: @gramzunkut
Jay Jullio
Detroit raised; Jay Jullio naturally grew a thick skin made for the music industry. He initially gained his popularity from his 2019 single titled “Not My Slime” that gained nearly 70k streams on Spotify. Soon after releasing music in 2019 he took a hiatus from releasing music. In 2023 he decided to re-introduce himself with his latest single “Bookbag Kid.” The accompanying music video has already gained close to 10k views in 3 days. The single is a transformative record that tells his story by reflecting on his struggles and where he is now. His re-introduction is just the beginning of this next chapter as he plans to make this his breakthrough year.
IG: @jayjullio
Hulk Sicko
HulkSicko!, straight out of the Bronx, grew up in section 2 in co-op city. If you are just getting familiar with him you will see why he is next up in hip-hop! His music is melodic and up-tempo and with his lyrics he tells people about parts of his life even if they can’t relate to it. His musical journey started by making music for fun in 2017 and started off as just writing down freestyles in class. Since then one of his biggest songs to date is his single titled “Cleaners” that gained almost 700k streams on Spotify. With his music he hopes to get people who came from the same situation to understand that it’s cool to be themselves.
IG: @hulksicko
Mastah Mynde
Mastah Mynde is a Miami artist who is ready to leave his mark in the music industry. He started his music career at the age of 8 and knew from an early age he was destined for greatness. If you listen to his music you will quickly realize that he refuses to place himself in a box and stick to one sound. Specifically his sound can often change when he is in a mood where a certain sound only fits and therefore calls his sound “life.” His hard work, dedication and consistency is what has Mastah Mynde destined to make it big!
IG: @mastahmynde305
Highway Grizz
Bubbling Ohio Artist Highway Grizz is making waves with his unique melodic voice and infectious good vibes. His music takes audiences on an inspirational journey through rhythm and rhyme, destined to captivate hearts and minds. Highway Grizz is more than just a rapper; he is a trailblazer in the music world. His innovative and fresh perspective captivates audiences, leaving a lasting impact on their hearts and minds. Having a huge breakout year in 2023. Highway Grizz is determined to have an even bigger 2024.
IG: @grizz262
Exavyr
Born and raised in Orange County, Exavyr is an American R&B and Pop artist. With a unique blend of genres and a captivating stage presence, he has become a central figure representing the vibrant music scene of Newport Beach. Currently associated with the independent music labels CLASS HOUSE ENT and For The Long Run Records LLC, Exavyr's talent knows no bounds. His music resonates with listeners worldwide, transcending borders and crossing cultural boundaries. His unique sound is a testament to his versatility as an artist, effortlessly blending the R&B and Pop genres to create a style that is undeniably his own. 
IG: @_exavyr
Raquel
Raquel is a versatile artist hailing from Toronto, Canada, with her musical journey beginning at the age of 4, she is a renowned professional pianist, composer, and songwriter. Her debut single, "Angel," released on September 1st, 2023, marked the inception of her artistry. In the media spotlight, Raquel has garnered attention from notable outlets such as Complex, Stupid Dope, Hot Freestyle, Conversations About Her, underlining her growing influence in the industry. 
IG: @raquelllkhan
Jayna Elise
Having been performing since the age of 4, Jayna Elise formerly known as Jayna Brown is finally ready to show the world just who she is. You may have seen her on stage with the likes of Tyler Perry, Queen Latifah, Lalah Hathaway, and many more; with one of her biggest appearances being on the hit TV show, “America’s Got Talent”. Since then, Jayna has continued to hone her craft and through music, hopes to educate the community on lessons dearest to her including; self-love, mental health, and unity.
IG: @thejaynabrown
NWG Suave
NWG Suave, the artist whose journey from NFL stardom to the music scene is nothing short of extraordinary. Dallas native NWG Suave's transition from football to music wasn't planned but has become his passion and therapy. His music is a reflection of his life, conveying raw, personal emotions, and a commitment to show his humanity beyond media portrayals. NWG Suave is coming strong, one song at a time, carving a unique path in the music industry.
 IG - @nwgsuave