There are lots of great shows coming to the PNC Bank Arts Center this 2024 concert season. Featuring plenty of rock, both old and new, this year is set to be one of the loudest years PNC has had in a long time.
Jane Foderago says The Garden State Arts Center opened on June 12, 1968, with a program featuring pianist Van Cliburn, conductor Eugene Ormandy, and the Philadelphia Orchestra. The Arts Center was operated in conjunction with the New Jersey Highway Authority, which also ran the Parkway.
I have had some of my best concert memories at the PNC Bank Arts Center. Countless Warped Tours, a long string of firsts that include Slayer, Slipknot, Black Sabbath, and Disturbed, and an environment I enjoyed so much that the second I was able to I started to work security there.
Even after getting a job at PNC, I have still found shows I've chosen to attend instead of work every year. From seeing Chicago every year with my mom, to the occasional metal show so I can torture my security coworkers to enjoy a nice open-air pit, I have always loved going out to the Arts Center.
This year we count over 25 shows that are set to ROCK. And WDHA has your hookup for at least 10 of those shows including our own Rock the Park 2024: featuring Halestorm and I Prevail with special guests Hollywood Undead & Fit For A King on Friday, July 26th. Buy tickets through Ticketmaster, and keep listening to the WDHA for your chance to win your way in!
Enjoy the music & the summer. We'll see you there.
Sponsored by:

Are you picking up Good Vibrations from this announcement? Kicking off the 2024 season at the PNC Bank Arts Center is the legendary Beach Boys! PNC is the first of SEVEN appearances this legendary group will be making in the Garden State this year. But, they are not coming alone. Fresh Off his Traffic Jam Tour, Rock & Roll Hall of Fame musician and songwriter, Dave Mason will be joining Brian, Mike, Al, and Bruce on stage! And don't forget Uncle Jesse, as John Stamos will be joining the band on stage as well!
John Fogerty will be taking the PNC Bank Arts Center stage by storm, giving the 2024 season an extra push right at the start. Part of his Celebration Tour, Fogerty will be playing a selection of Creedence Clearwater Revival songs, as well as a handful of his own solo material. To make things even better, he will not be coming alone, as Fogerty will also be joined by George Thorogood and the Destroyers as well as Hearty Har.
Celebrating excellence, this festival is jam-packed with artists and DJs. This will also have a diverse vendor village, featuring multiple black-owned businesses in the area. This event promises to keep those in attendance dancing from start to finish! It starts right at noon and is expected to run until around 9pm.
The hard-rocking country boy Hardy will be bringing his signature blend of rock and country to kick off the more consistent run of shows at the Arts Center this year. Hot off of the success of last year's the mockingbird & THE CROW, Hardy makes his PNC Bank Arts Center debut this year. Drawing in a mixed crowd of the rockers who are surely antsy for the heavier half of the season that picks up in July, as well as the year's first country crowd, Hardy is going to be a hard show to miss. Kicking off the show is going to be Kip Moore, Travis Denning, and Ella Langley.
Despite already having a Las Vegas residency and a number of festival headlining shows, Maroon 5 still wants more. One of the most high-energy pop acts around, Maroon 5 will be taking a quick detour from their jam-packed summer to do a quick East coast tour with the PNC Bank Arts Center right in the middle of it all! Joining them for the run will be Maren Morris.
Willie Nelson and Family are bringing the Outlaw Music Fest back to the PNC Bank Arts Center, and this time the lineup is one to die for. The main attraction of the night is a set of hits from the legendary Godfather of outlaw country himself, Willie Nelson who just turned 91 this April. Joining Willie will be the revolutionary Bob Dylan, the iconic Robert Plant, and the bluegrass artist Alison Krauss.
With 7 Grammys, two Golden Globe nominations, and well over 75 million record sales worldwide, it is safe to say Alanis Morissette is one of the biggest 90's alternative artists out there. This year, she returns to the PNC Bank Arts Center, bringing her setlist of chart-topping hits including "Ironic" and "Thank You" to the fans once more! Joining her will be two other powerful female musicians in the iconic Joan Jett & The Blackhearts and country music artist Morgan Wade.
There very few certainties in life, taxes, the Mets finding a way to blow any chances of a win late in the game, and the Dave Matthews Band bringing their renowned live show to the PNC Bank Arts Center every year. This year, the show is even more special, as it's part of a victory lap for the band following the announcement that they will be inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame this October. The band has absolutely earned this distinction, as they sell out their "evening with" style shows year after year and put on a masterful performance every time they come around.
Two of California's biggest reggae rock bands are coming together for a tour you don't want to miss. Dirty Heads and Slightly Stoopid bring a number of massive hits like "Vacation", "My Sweet Summer", "2am", and "Closer To The Sun". Not only is this going to be one of the best chill shows of the summer, but it'll be for a great cause as $1 from every ticket sold is being donated to the Maui Food Bank. Coming along to bring on the vibes early in the day will be Common Kings and Elovaters.
One of the hottest country artist today, Jason Aldean is bringing the Highway Desperado Tour to the PNC Bank Arts Center. With 27 #1 singles and 5 Grammy nominations, Aldean is ready to bring his hit-filled set to the masses in Holmdel. Joining the Highway Desperado on his tour will be Chase Matthews, Austin Snell, and Dee Jay Silver.
One of the biggest names in pop rock, Third Eye Blind is coming back to the Arts Center for their latest edition of their Summer Gods tour. With hits like "Jumper " and "Semi-Charmed Life", the band is sure to bring a great end to a weekend of full of music. Joining them will be the recently reunited Yellowcard as well as New Jersey's own A R I Z O N A.
In a summer full of awe-inspiring co-headlining shows, this is easily one of the biggest this year. Elvis Costello and Daryl Hall are coming together to bring their 5 decade long careers full of #1 singles and musical excellence to the masses. Coming along for the hit parade will be Charlie Sexton.
Santana is bringing a night full of dancing and passion to the PNC Bank Arts Center! With Supernatural celebrating it's 25th anniversary this year, one can only expect some deeper cuts from the album making a special appearance on this tour. Joining Santana will be the legends in their own right the Counting Crows!
The second band from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Class of 2024 to grace the PNC Bank Arts Center stage this year, Foreigner is coming back around. The induction couldn't have come at a better time, as they are currently on an extended farewell tour, giving even more reason to come out to see the rock legends perform. Giving the tour the second half of its name is the iconic Styx. The band will be bringing their own set of hits each night of the tour to accompany their fellow classic rock legends. Opening the the show each night will be John Waite.
The Queens of R&B celebrating a sisterhood & paying homage to R&B girl groups and musicians of the '90s who continue to have an impact. Members of Xscape including Kandi Burruss, Tameka "Tiny" Cottle and Tamika Scott are set to headline along with the original women of SWV — Cheryl "Coko" Gamble, Leanne "Lelee" Lyons and Tamara "Taj" Johnson. Joining the headlining Queens will be Mya, Total, and 702, rounding out the night of female-led R&B.
Returning to the PNC Bank Arts Center Stage is the one and only Halestorm, alongside them will be mainstage newcomers in I Prevail. Between this being Halestorm's second time headlining Rock the Park and I Prevail's first time at PNC, this is set to be one of the most rocking shows of the season. Kicking off the show will be the LA rap-rockers Hollywood Undead and Texan metalcore outfit Fit For A King.
The Red Rocker is bringing a collection of hits from his entire career to the PNC Bank Arts Center, and he's bringing along some friends as well. Sammy Hagar is going to be playing a mix of solo and Van Halen hits all summer long, joining him will be Van Halen's bassist Michael Anthony, the guitar virtuoso Joe Satriani, and Jason Bonham, the son of the late great John Bonham. Also coming along for the ride will be the classic rockers Loverboy.
Now we KNOW y'all be lovin' this stuff right here, L-I-M-P Bizkit is hitting the PNC Bank Arts Center for the first time since 2000. Limp Bizkit is coming in ready to party, most likely bringing a mix of new material from their 2021 album Still Sucks and signature rap-rock classics like "My Generation" and "Nookie". And, if their festival sets are any indication of what this tour is going to look like, a double helping of the legendary "Break Stuff" is headed our way. Joining Fred Durst and his band of nu-metal cowboys will be Bones (Eddy Baker and Xavier Wulf), N8NOFACE, and former Goonie Corey Feldman, as well as show's host Riff Raff.
Kicking off the last full month at the PNC Bank Arts Center, as well as an impressive 9 shows in 9 days, is a duo that spans genres and eras. Pop rock royalty Train are taking a Summer road trip with the classic rock legends in REO Speedwagon. With countless hits including "Keep On Loving You", "Can't Fight This Feeling", "Drive By", and the diamond certified "Hey, Soul Sister", this is a night that will have everyone up and dancing. Coming along for the road trip is Yacht Rock Review, playing a set chock full of covers of soft rock hits from the 70's and 80's.
Marking the halfway point of the 40-show season is none other than Hootie & The Blowfish! Combining Darius Rucker's notable solo country career and the massive radio hits Hootie & The Blowfish have, this show is set to be one of the best rock-adjacent shows of the year! Joining them will be Collective Soul and Edwin McCain of "I'll Be" fame.
Not a single person shall be seated for this show. Two of the biggest names to ever play jazz and funk influenced rock are joining forces once again, as Earth, Wind & Fire and Chicago bring their Heart & Soul tour to the PNC Bank Arts Center. Both bands are no strangers to the Arts Center stage, and with both having 50 years of experience, there is no doubt they will be putting on an immense performance. To top it all off, instead of one band getting an encore, both bands will come out together to finish the night off with an (at least) 22-man band playing the biggest and best hits from both bands.
The electrifying Las Vegas rockers in Imagine Dragons are making their return to the PNC Bank Arts Center. Coming around in support of their new album Loom, the band is set to play a selection from both the new album as well as some of their classic hits like "Radioactive" and "Thunder". As of yet, they have not announced any support for this show, which leads one to believe there is a chance that they may take a page out of the Dave Matthews Band's book and turn the show into "an evening with", allowing them to play even more hits and deep cuts and truly give the fans an experience of a lifetime.
Bouncing back and forth between their own headlining tour and an opening slot for Metallica's M72 World Tour, Five Finger Death Punch is bringing their signature Death Punch sound back to the PNC Bank Arts Center. The tour couldn't come at a better time for the group, as their most recent single, "This Is The Way (feat. DMX)", became their 11th straight #1 single on Billboard's Mainstream Rock chart, extending their record for the most consecutive #1's on the chart. Joining them on their headlining dates will be the infamous Marilyn Manson, making his first return to the stage since 2020, and the explosive Russian deathcore group Slaughter To Prevail.
There are legends, and then there are bands like The Doobie Brothers, who have surpassed the legends and should be referred to as rock gods. The band are known for getting the entire crowd up, dancing and singing along to every song. With a setlist that includes "China Grove", "Long Train Runnin'", and "Takin' It To The Streets", it is short of impossible to not enjoy a night with The Doobie Brothers. Getting the crowd ready will be Steve Winwood of "Higher Love" fame.
It's time to take your summer even Higher! Creed has returned and, after two extremely successful Creed Cruises, dubbed The Summer Of '99 Cruise and The Summer of '99 And Beyond Cruise, the band is taking The Summer Of '99 onto dry land and on tour! With nearly 3 decades of hits like "With Arms Wide Open" and "My Sacrifice", the band is expected to put on a legendary performance. And they aren't coming around alone, as they are bringing 3 Doors Down and Finger Eleven with them.
What year is it again? Grab your neon and hairspray because the New Kids On The Block are coming to the PNC Bank Arts Center. The 80's boy band made their comeback back in 2008 and have been going strong ever since. Now, the group is hitting the Arts Center Stage and with them are two other 80's icons in Paula Abdul and DJ Jazzy Jeff.
Who says the adults get to have all of the fun? Coming back in 2024 is Kidz Bop live! Kidz Bop brings all the fun and energy of a night out in a family friendly package. With a handful of their Kidz Bop kids performing their covers of current, popular music live on stage, it is surely a show that any family can enjoy.
After first gaining initial fame as the first Canadian finalist on So You Think You Can Dance in 2016 at the age of 13, Tate McRae got her music career started in 2017 when videos on her YouTube channel started to gain traction. With the first song she uploaded, "One Day", gaining over 40 million views, she quickly changed over to music. Her first international hit, "You Broke Me First", came out in 2021 and she has since become the youngest musician featured on the Forbes' 30 Under 30 list. Now, McRae is bringing her talents to the PNC Bank Arts Center stage, being one of the few pop-centered shows of the season.
Easily one of the biggest bands to come out of the 90's, Bush is back at the PNC Bank Arts Center, and this time they are here to celebrate. At the tail end of last year, the band released Loaded: The Greatest Hits 1994-2023, and now the band is taking the celebration of 20 years of Bush on the road. Coming along for the ride that celebrates all things Bush is Jerry Cantrell, Candlebox, and Bones UK.
Calling all Sk8ter Bois and Girlfriends, Avril Lavigne is bringing her Greatest Hits tour to the PNC Bank Arts Center! Often considered one of the biggest female musicians in the pop-punk scene and a pioneer of female-fronted emo music, Avril looks to take her immense career and leave it all on the stage. With massive radio hits like "Complicated" to emo anthems like "Sk8er Boi" and "Girlfriend", she is going to be putting on one hell of a show. Opening the tour are her fellow Canadians in Simple Plan, as well as girlfriends, the new project of Travis Mills and Nick Gross.
One of the biggest names in alternative rock, Cage The Elephant returns to the PNC in support of their new album Neon Pill. With new tracks from Neon Pill, as well as some of their biggest hits like "Ain't No Rest for the Wicked" and "Cigarette Daydreams" sure to be in their set, this is undoubtedly going to be one of the best shows of the summer! Adding into that hype is the fact that they have Young the Giant, Bakar, and Willow Avalon on the bill as well!
A show so nice, they're doing it twice! Kidz Bop returns for a matinee just in case you weren't able to take your kids out the first night! Kidz Bop brings all the fun and energy of a night out in a family friendly package. With a handful of their Kidz Bop kids performing their covers of current, popular music live on stage, it is surely a show that any family can enjoy.
Brett Michaels just can't stop partying! After more than a year of touring success, both with Poison and solo, Brett Michaels is bringing his summer time Parti-Gras back to the PNC Bank Arts Center. This time, he's bringing even more extra special guests with him along the way. He has the legendary former guitarist of the Eagles Don Felder, the defender of all things metal Dee Snider, the former voice of Foreigner Lou Gramm, and country star Chris Janson.
Deep Purple has a more-than 50 year history of being at the forefront of rock, even being considered one of the pioneers of heavy metal. Now, despite having enough lineup changes that fans refer to the eras of the band as "Mark I-IX", the band is going out on tour once again to celebrate 50 years of "Smoke on the Water". Joining them on their celebration of their extensive career are the progressive rock juggernauts YES.
We might have lost Jerry Garcia, but the art of the jam band still lives on. Despite only forming 10 years ago, Goose has become one of the biggest names amongst modern jam bands following their performance at the 2019 edition of The Peach Music Festival. The band has since headlined some of the most iconic venues around, including the Red Rocks Amphitheatre in Colorado and a two-night stint at the Radio City Music Hall that included an appearance by Phish's Trey Anastasio. With the band planning their PNC Bank Arts Center debut to be in the "an evening with" format, it is going to be a night to get loosey goosey.
Two of the biggest alternative hard rock bands from the 90's are joining up for an East meets West tour. Live and Stone Temple Pilots are hitting the road this summer and jumping on the PNC Bank Arts Center stage the Friday after Labor Day to officially start to wind the summer down by cranking it up! Coming along for the ride will be Soul Asylum, best known for their Grammy Award winning song "Runaway Train".
Guillotines, giant monsters, and fire, oh my! Two of metal's most theatric performers return to the PNC Bank Arts Center once again as Rob Zombie and Alice Cooper take their Freaks on Parade tour to exit 116. With 10 platinum albums between them, and hits like "School's Out", "Dragula", "Feed My Frankenstein", and "Living Dead Girl", the duo are sure to rock you to death. Joining them at this freak show will be Ministry and Filter.
After countless Warped Tours, 4 (soon to be 5) studio albums, and even writing the heaviest song in metal history, Falling In Reverse has finally broken through to headline the PNC Bank Arts Center. Riding the high of the 2019 single "Popular Monster" being certified double platinum by the RIAA, the band has announced a second leg of their Popular MonsTOUR, this time hitting the road with fellow Warped Tour vets Dance Gavin Dance and Black Veil Brides, as well as rapper Tech N9ne, and trap-metal artist Jeris Johnson. A highlight of the upcoming tour is that one of the band's singles, "Ronald" features not only Alex Terrible who would have graced the PNC Bank Arts Center stage with Five Finger Death Punch the month before, but also Tech N9ne, so fans can expect Tech to come out to rip his verse live each night!
The headliners from 2023 and 2024's Rock the Rock Fests are joining forces! Staind and Breaking Benjamin brining one kick ass show to one of New jersey's favorite concert venues. Both Staind & Breaking Benjamin are veterans at the PNC Bank Arts Center, both having played there multiple times in the past 5 years alone. Opening the show is Lakeview, an up-and-coming country rock act that has tour with Austin Meade and even featured metalcore band Gideon on one of their recent singles.
To close out the 2024 season at the PNC Bank Arts Center, they have a very special performance from all five Marley brothers Ziggy, Stephen, Damian, Julian, and Ky-Mani. In the first time the group has joined forces to tour in two decades, The Marley Brothers are going to be playing a selection of their own award-winning hits, as well as the hits of Bob Marley. This show is arguably one of the best ways to end the season at PNC, as it will bring with it the message of love to end 2024 for the venue, and honors the legacy of Bob Marley ahead of what should have been his 80th birthday next year.
Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!