Manage your account
Primary elections take place Tuesday for a slate of races ranging from Polk County School Board to the U.S. Senate.
Polling places will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Voters can find their assigned voting site by checking their registration cards, consulting the Polk County Supervisor of Elections website (https://www.polkelections.com) or calling 863-534-5888.
Polk County voters will receive ballots based on their party registration. Partisan primary elections are being held for races involving the Polk County Commission, Florida House of Representatives, U.S. House of Representatives and U.S. Senate.
School Board races are nonpartisan, meaning those elections are open to all voters. Elections will be held for three of the board’s seven seats. Incumbent William Allen faces challenger Bernnie Brandt in District 1, while incumbent Sara Beth Wyatt contends with Rebekah Ricks in District 4. Travis Keyes and Marcus “M.J.” Wright Jr. are vying for the open seat in District 2.
In the only judicial race on the ballot, Gregory Abaray is challenging Circuit Judge Catherine Combee for the Group 27 bench seat.
Universal primary elections will take place for races in which all the candidates are registered with the same party. Those races include Polk County Commission District 5, a three-way battle among Republicans John Hall, Mike Scott and Ricky Shirah.
The election for Polk County Property Appraiser is also open to all voters, as Republicans Neil Combee and Gow Fields contend for the position being vacated by Marsha Faux.
The election for Public Defender for the 10th Judicial Circuit is also a universal primary. Blair Allen and Christopher Desroches, both Republicans, are running to succeed retiring Public Defender Rex Dimmig.
Three Republicans are running for the Polk County Commission in District 1 — Henry Coker, Jennifer Price and Becky Troutman. The winner will face Democrat Kay Klymko and write-in Republican candidate Judi New in November’s general election.
Two Republican primaries are being held for the Florida House. In District 48, six candidates are on the ballot: Jon Albert, Jerry Carter, Chad Davis, Debbie Owens, Amilee Stuckey and Benny Valentin. The winner will face Democrat John Hill in the general election.
Four Republicans are running in District 49: Jennifer Kincart Jonsson, Heather McArthur, Shawn McDonough and Randy Wilkinson. Ashley Herrmann, the lone Democrat to qualify, will face the winner in November.
Republican primaries will take place in three U.S. House races involving Polk County districts. Jose Castillo, Thomas Chalifoux and John Quinones are running in District 9, hoping to challenge incumbent Rep. Darren Soto, D-Kissimmee. In District 11, incumbent Rep. Daniel Webster, R-Clermont, faces challenger John McCloy.
Rep. Laurel Lee, R-Brandon, the incumbent in District 15, must contend with James Judge and Jennifer Barbosa.
Incumbent U.S. Sen. Rick Scott faces Keith Gross and John S. Columbus in a Republican primary election.
Republicans will also choose the State Committeeman and State Committeewoman from Polk County. The candidates are Ed Shoemaker and J.C. Martin in the former race and Dena DeCamp and Kat Gates-Skipper in the latter.
Registered Democrats will vote in two primaries. Peter Braunston and Andrea Doria Kale are vying for the right to face incumbent U.S. Rep. Scott Franklin, R-Lakeland, in District 18.
20 years later, memories of Hurricane Charley still summon fear and relief in Polk County
Four Democrats are running for the U.S. Senate seat now held by Scott: Stanley Campbell, Rod Joseph, Debbie Mucarsel-Powell and Brian Rush.
Voters who are registered with no party or a party other than Democrat or Republican will not be able to vote in partisan elections.
Voters should bring valid photo signature ID to the polling site. July 22 was the deadline to register for voting in the primary election.
As of July 22, Polk County had 443,954 registered voters, with 181,667 registered as Republicans and 134,120 as Democrats. Another 128,167 were registered with other parties or no party.
Gary White can be reached at gary.white@theledger.com or 863-802-7518. Follow on X @garywhite13.
This article originally appeared on The Ledger: Tuesday's election presents mix of races for Polk County voters