The rapper's reissue of his 2014 mixtape is battling for the No. 1 spot on next week's Billboard 200.

													By
												

	Michael Saponara


Travis Scott celebrated the 10th anniversary of his 2014 Days Before Rodeo mixtape with a concert in Atlanta — and he joined forces with Spotify to commemorate the show with a 23-minute film.






	
	
		
					Explore		
	





		Explore	

















	
		
					Travis Scott		
					


See latest videos, charts and news



See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

	The concert film arrived on Wednesday (Sept. 18), and in addition to clips from the show, it also features unearthed footage from the vault of La Flame crafting his second mixtape in the mid-2010s.




			Trending on Billboard		








	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Mase Wants Fans to Vote If He Should Attend Diddy's Trial		
	



	05/02/2025	







	Scott rattled through fan-favorite cuts from the album including “Mamacita,” “Don’t Play” and “Drugs You Should Try It.” He also reflected on what his life was like on the road to fulfilling his rap dreams ahead of the mixtape.

	










	“I remember I worked on this album out here, I drove like a sprinter van,” he said. “Me and Bizzy, we came down to the A. I was working on this album and I told myself I’m gonna do this album fast and I want to put it out quick. And I wasn’t able to put it out officially, but I was like, ‘Yo, I gotta just get this out to the world.’ So shoutout to all the day ones that’s in this motherf–ker right now, ya dig!”

	While Young Thug remains locked up amid the YSL RICO case, the concert film incorporates clips from a 2014 concert at the same Masquerade venue in Atlanta featuring Thugger on stage with Scott performing their “Skyfall” collaboration.

	Another standout scene finds Scott in the studio hyping up “Drugs You Should Try It” and predicting the hypnotic track would be his “biggest solo song” ahead of its release.

	“This my biggest song, man. It’s my biggest solo song ever. No feature,” Scott pleaded with someone in the studio back in 2014. 

	Scott re-released Days Before Rodeo on streaming services for the first time in August. Deluxe versions also featured previously unreleased tracks from the mixtape’s era. 

	After debuting at No. 2 on the Billboard 200, Travis Scott’s DBR is ready to battle Sabrina Carpenter’s Short ‘n Sweet for the top spot on next week’s album chart after vinyl records of the mixtape were sent out. 

	Watch the concert film below.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.