Filed under:
Rapper Travis Scott will also join WWE’s top superstars for the Jan. 6, 2025 event.
WWE broke big news shortly after midnight on Monday, announcing that the first Raw of the Netflix era will take place at the brand-new Intuit Dome in Los Angeles, CA, on Jan 6. Rapper and singer-songwriter Travis Scott will also be in attendance.
BREAKING: #WWERaw’s @netflix premiere will emanate from L.A.’s @IntuitDome on Jan. 6 and @trvisXXwill be there LIVE!  Tickets on sale this Friday at 1pm ET / 10am PT via @Ticketmaster. pic.twitter.com/2rNXJ0IV44
BREAKING: #WWERaw’s @netflix premiere will emanate from L.A.’s @IntuitDome on Jan. 6 and @trvisXX will be there LIVE!
“When we say WWE goes big, we mean it,” wrote Paul “Triple H” Levesque on X. WWE’s Chief Content Officer also shared a video from ComplexCon in Las Vegas on Sunday, where he presented a new version of the WWE Hardcore Championship to Scott.
When we say WWE goes big, we mean it. The first #WWERaw of the @netflix Era will be at the @IntuitDome in Los Angeles on January 6th, and @trvisXX will be there live and in person. The countdown is on… pic.twitter.com/9Md7y3WKTI
In addition to the acclaimed musical artist, WWE will bring out its best and brightest for what’s shaping up to be an “all hands on deck” spectacular. To further build excitement, WWE unveiled four promotional photos featuring John Cena and SmackDown stars Roman Reigns, Undisputed WWE Champion Cody Rhodes, and Bianca Belair. No matches for the show have been announced thus far.
The Intuit Dome, located in Inglewood, a city in southwestern Los Angeles County, opened this past summer. Home to the NBA’s Los Angeles Clippers, the Dome is described as a “technologically advanced and basketball-obsessed and entertainment venue.” The Dome, which also hosts live concerts and other events, boasts a seating capacity of up to 18,000.
In July, reports suggested WWE was considering the Intuit Dome for the Survivor Series. Then, in August, WWE revealed that the event would be held at Rogers Arena in Vancouver, Canada. By September, rumors emerged about WWE bringing Raw to the Dome for its Netflix debut. Now, that has become a reality.
In its statement on X, WWE announced that tickets for Raw’s premiere on Netflix will go on sale this Friday at 1 p.m. ET/10 a.m. PT via Ticketmaster.
Check your inbox for a welcome email.
Oops. Something went wrong. Please enter a valid email and try again.