Protesters have been targeting famous private plane owners for years, most recently attacking Taylor Swift’s jet even though she’s not even in the Top 10 of celebrity CO2 offenders.
Who are the Top 10 celebrities contributing to climate change because of their CO2 emissions? Three are Kardashians, but number one will definitely surprise you…
Climate activists have been targeting celebrity jet users and owners for years due to the impact short plane trips and CO2 emissions have on the environment. Famous people have a huge public platform and need to be held accountable for their damage to the earth. That being said, do you even know who the biggest offenders are?
THE KARDASHIANS Which members of the Kardashian Jenner family have airplanes?
While it isn’t a surprise that three members of the Top 10 are Kardashians and their associates, rapper Pitbull had the highest CO2 emissions in 2023-2024, using 475,230 gallons of fuel and contributing to 4,549 metric tons of CO2. Pitbulls shortest recorded flight was a 6 minute journey from Miami International Airport to Miami-Opa Locka Executive Airport in February 2024.
A post shared by LilJupiter (@liljupiterr)
Maybe we’re mistaken, but we haven’t heard a lot of protest against Pitbull for his plane use…
Environmentalists most wanted list includes three stars of The Kardashians on Hulu: Travis Scott, Kim Kardashian, and Kylie Jenner. Travis Scott’s shortest recorded flight was a 5 minute journey from St Louis Regional Airport in October 2023.
While that information likely surprises no one, it is interesting to note the OTHER offenders include lovable “fan favorites” like Beyonce and Blake Shelton. Grease star John Travolta rounds out the list at number 10.
Protesters recently targeted Taylor Swift, who uses her private jet on her record-shattering The Era’s Tour which plans to perform dates worldwide.
A post shared by The Project (@theprojecttv)
While the Shake It Off singer is a major target for climate activists, fans of Swift will be interested to note her place on the list is NOT in the Top 10. Taylor’s position on the list is her famous “lucky” number: 13.
According to MinimumDepositCasinos.org, a certified carbon neutral company, The Era’s Tour is set to have less of an impact on the environment than Oprah Winfrey just living her day to day life:
Despite facing significant controversy regarding her private jet use, Swift’s air travel emitted 1,055 MT of CO2 between 2023-2024. Recent data indicates that the star has taken 133 flights in this period — with her private jet consuming 110,140 gallons of fuel in this period — half of that used by Oprah Winfrey’s jet (223,364). Taylor Swift’s shortest recorded flight was a 35 minute journey from Bob Hope Airport to Harry Reid International Airport in April.
Hilary Duff attended The Era’s Tour “Taylor Swift is a monster!”
How do Taylor’s numbers stack up against the biggest CO2 contributor Pitbull? ‘Mr. Worldwide’ has contributed to a staggering 4,549 metric tons of CO2 emitted from use of his private jet between 2023-2024. This is four times more (331%+) than pop star Taylor Swift.
While the environmental impact of celebrity air travel remains a topic of debate, the numbers speak for themselves when it comes to who the biggest celebrity CO2 emissions offenders are.
Ashley Marie is a writer for Starcasm and the personality behind Twitter’s @RealityByAshley. You can contact Ashley via Twitter or email at realitybyashley(at)gmail.com
Bravolebridom has another potential New York Times best seller on its hands! Following in the footsteps of Bethenny Frankel, Rachel Zoe, and Teresa Giudice is The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards, whose “how-to-be-fabulous guide” titled Life Is Not A Reality Show will be released December 27. Keep reading to find out more about the book and pre-order your copy on amazon.com!


				Read More Kyle Richards’ book ‘Life Is Not A Reality Show’ available for pre-order on AmazonContinue
 

After Jen Arnold simultaneously battled cancer and adjusted to life as a new mom, husband Bill Klein thought she was in for a little spoiling… So he secretly planned a vow renewal ceremony for her 40th birthday. See pictures of the big day and what both Little Couple stars said about the experience…


				Read More PHOTOS The Little Couple’s Bill Klein surprised Jen Arnold with a vow renewal on her birthdayContinue
 

Megyn Kelly doesn’t care whether minorities are uncomfortable… There is only one way to depict Santa and Jesus and that’s as white men. The Fox News host, who was just named the network’s “Brightest Star,” shared her “verifiable facts” on Wednesday.


				Read More VIDEO Fox News’ Megyn Kelly says Santa and Jesus should only be depicted as white menContinue
 

Gigi Hadid is following in mom Yolanda Foster’s footsteps by landing a successful modeling career. This year Gigi got a big gig: a Guess campaign! g


				Read More PHOTOS: Gigi Hadid’s 2013 Guess modeling recreates mom Yolada’s Guess campaignContinue
 

At the end of the two-hour Married at First Sight premiere, viewers only got to see one of the three couples meet at the altar — and it didn’t exactly go well. “I first see Ryan, my gut just says: ‘Oh man, like this is him?’” bride Jaclyn Methuen said on the show of her…


				Read More Married at First Sight’s Jaclyn Methuen defends her ‘disappointed’ reaction upon meeting her groomContinue
 

90 Day Fiancé: Love In Paradise star Scott Wern has followed through on his plans to file for bankruptcy again. Scott publicly announced his intention to file in June while reacting to criticism of his live stream in which he asked for money while claiming to be stuck in New York and living out of…


				Read More 90 DAY FIANCE Scott Wern files for bankruptcy. How much does he owe? EXCLUSIVE DETAILSContinue
 

© 2025 Starcasm - WordPress Theme by Kadence WP