Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Dennis Dugan, who helmed Adam Sandler's 1996 comedy, is back as an actor and executive producer for Kyle Newacheck's 'Happy Gilmore 2,' which is currently in production.

							By 

	Ryan Gajewski

Senior Entertainment Reporter

Happy Gilmore director Dennis Dugan is returning in front of the camera for the Adam Sandler-led Netflix sequel, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.

	Dugan, who is an executive producer on Happy Gilmore 2, will reprise his role of pro golf tour commissioner Doug Thompson that he originated in the 1996 comedy. Kyle Newacheck is helming the new film that is currently in production and has not yet announced a release date. 



	Sandler is back as lead character Happy Gilmore, introduced in the original as an unsuccessful hockey player who becomes an unlikely golf sensation, due to his mammoth drives. Christopher McDonald, Julie Bowen and Ben Stiller are among the returning faces from the first movie, while new additions to the cast include Benny Safdie, Bad Bunny, Margaret Qualley and Scott Mescudi, along with cameos from Travis Kelce and golfer John Daly.

	











	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	












	
	TV
			



	
		
					Julia Garner Eyes FTX Limited Series at Netflix, Higher Ground Producing		
			














	
	TV
			



	
		
					'Little House on the Prairie' Remake Casts More Ingalls Family Members		
			








	Returning to produce the sequel are Sandler, Tim Herlihy, Robert Simonds and Jack Giarraputo. Sandler and Herlihy wrote the screenplay for Happy Gilmore 2 after having penned the original film’s script. 

	Universal released Happy Gilmore on Feb. 16, 1996, and it has since become a cult hit and one of Sandler’s most beloved titles. Dugan would later direct Sandler in a number of other successful comedies, including Big Daddy, I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry, You Don’t Mess With the Zohan, Just Go With It, and Grown Ups and its sequel. Dugan has also helmed such films as Problem Child, Beverly Hills Ninja and National Security. 

	More recently, Dugan wrote and directed the Diane Keaton-led comedy Love, Weddings & Other Disasters, which hit theaters in 2020. He wrote and starred in the one-act play The Audition, which was produced in New York City earlier this year.

	Dugan began his entertainment career as an actor. In addition to cameos in many of his own projects, he has appeared in the 2024 releases Knox Goes Away starring Michael Keaton and the Spanish-language feature Father There Is Only One 4. 

	During a previous interview with THR, Dugan recalled that he had unsuccessfully tried to cast a pre-fame Sandler in a role for his 1992 movie Brain Donors. Years later, when Dugan met with Sandler and other members of the original Happy Gilmore’s team to pitch himself as the director, the star immediately recognized Dugan for his previous support, and the filmmaker landed the gig without having to pitch a single word.

	










	“Sandler goes, ‘You!’ And I go, ‘You!'” Dugan recalled at the time. “He said, ‘You stuck up for me, so you’re doing this movie.'”

	Dugan is represented by Gersh. A representative for Netflix declined to comment on his casting in Happy Gilmore 2.
Sign up for THR news straight to your inbox every day
Get the scoops first! Breaking news and interviews on comics, sci-fi, horror and more
Subscribe for full access to The Hollywood Reporter
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.