The sneakers are releasing just in time for the holidays so you know they'll be hard to come by...
Source: Jordan Brand / Jordan Brand
While Nike and Jordan continue to struggle to bank off the hype of their general releases like they used to just a few years ago, their Travis Scott sneaker line continues to be a hot commodity out on these streets and the latest colorway of the Jordan Jumpman Jack‘s are bound to be a hard copp when they release today (Nov. 26).
Luckily for sneaker aficionados, Sneakernews has a list of where you can attempt to purchase the black and brown colorway of the Jordan Jumpman Jacks a.k.a the CJ1 T-Rexx as the Nike SNKRS app has become damn near impossible to get a dub on. With websites like SneakersNStuff, Dovers Street Market and Concepts holding raffles for a chance to purchase the CJ1 T-Rexx’s, sneakerheads might have a chance to get that illusive win as hype behind the sneaker continues to grow.
Per Sneakernews:
 


					Related Stories
				





Travis Scott Interfering In WrestleMania 41’s Main Event Straight Up Wasn’t A Hit With Fans






Travis Scott Turns Coachella Into His Own Rager






Travis Scott On Where He Stands With Kanye West, “That’s My Kid’s Uncle”






The Jumpman Jack model features a mix of elements combining the Air Jordan 1 as well as Nike training footwear from the 1980s. The thick fore-foot strap is considered to be a nod to the original Air Trainer 1, a silhouette that La Flame collaborated on in 2022. Despite the shoe being completely reimagined in the “Cactus Corporation” theme, the Travis Scott x Air Trainer 1 is largely viewed as the only real flop of his collaboration history. The Air Jordan 33 comes in close as the shoes are still available for close to MSRP.
The CJ1 T-Rexx “Dark Mocha”, however, will not go by unappreciated. Pairs are already selling for double the MSRP, and given the solid design of the shoe and the striking colorway, this latest pair of Travis Scott shoes will be considered among the best of 2024.
Though resell prices are still under $500, don’t be surprised if it steadily rises as the weeks and months go buy and people begin to search for these as Christmas gifts for the special sneakerheads in their lives.
Check out all the websites holding their raffles here and let us know if you’ll be trying to get a pair of these grails in the comments section below.


The New Jordan “Jumpman Jack” Travis Scott Kicks Release 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



									Listen Live								

									2025 Cincinnati Music Festival Lineup Announced								

									Win $125 + Tickets to Key Glock AND Tyler the Creator!								

									Text Club Terms								

									Country Meat Co. Marketplace Becomes the 1st Black-Owned Grocer in Cincinnati								

									WIZ Prom Crashers - Submit Your High School Today!								

									The Banks Goes 21+ on Weekend Nights Amid Safety Concerns								

									101.1 The WIZ Mobile Apps								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.