Reporter
The pedestrian crosswalk on Center Street in Adams where Madison Moser was struck by a truck and injured on Nov. 16. The crosswalk is used by many pedestrians going to and from the Hoosac Valley Elementary School as well as McDonald's restaurant.

                            Stay up to date on Berkshires news with Berkshires in Brief, our free daily newsletter
                        
ADAMS — Due to "blinding sun," a driver is not facing charges after hitting a pedestrian in a city crosswalk.
About 9:30 a.m. Nov. 16, Adams Police Officer Travis Cunningham was called to a crosswalk near the Center and Liberty street intersection, where he found the pedestrian, Madison Moser, on the ground bleeding, and the driver of the truck, William Roberts, “sitting on the side of the road crying.”
According to a police report of the incident, Moser was walking from the nearby McDonald’s across the crosswalk northbound when she was hit by Roberts’ red Chevrolet Silverado pickup truck. Cunningham noticed Moser when he “saw several people standing around a young female party lying on the ground with a pool of blood around her head.”
Moser was alert but could not recall what happened, and was quickly transported to Berkshire Medical Center.
Town police call the event a tragic accident caused by blinding sun that created a blind spot for Roberts, who will not be facing criminal charges.
“The driver, William Roberts, had the sun directly in his line of sight," Police Chief K. Scott Kelley wrote to The Eagle in an email. "This was a very unfortunate accident."
Cunningham said Roberts showed no signs of drug or alcohol use.
Moser is a “20-year-old, soon-to-be CNA student and employee at Williamstown Commons,” according to a GoFundMe started by a relative for her medical care. She is in the midst of recovering from multiple surgeries, and dealing with a broken femur, arm, leg and broken ribs, collapsed lungs and a concussion, among other injuries, according to the post.
In the hours immediately following the crash, Moser was in critical condition, with serious injuries “that may not be life-threatening,” according to Cunningham.
The police report explains that no charges would be filed “due to the environmental conditions" reasonably preventing the driver from seeing the pedestrian in the crosswalk.
“The pedestrian,” the report continues, “while having the right of way in the crosswalk, also has an obligation to preserve their own personal safety to get confirmation with the vehicles in the roadway.”
Cunningham noted that upon arrival on the scene, his vision was also impaired by the sun’s glare. He couldn’t see the crosswalk because it was situated at the end of a shadow cast by an adjacent building.
While Kelley acknowledges that the vicinity of the accident is heavily traveled, he says, “I would not consider this a problem area.”
“Any crosswalk requires the vigilance of both the pedestrian and the drivers,” Kelley added. “Accidents like this are few, and heartbreaking when they do happen.”
Sten Spinella can be reached at sspinella@berkshireeagle.com or 860-853-0085.
UPDATE: A pedestrian who was fatally struck by a vehicle on Route 8 on Sunday evening has been identified as Michael DeMarsico of North Adams.
Reporter
Though the transaction isn't yet final, the state Department of Conservation and Recreation could soon expand its Savoy Mountain State Forest reach into Adams.
Seeking his sixth term on the Select Board, incumbent Joe Nowak is being challenged by Jay Meczywor and Jerome Socolof.
In a surprising move, members voted 4-4 to table the final resolution vote. College and board leaders had expected it to pass with minimal resistance.
Deirdre Carter dreamed that her beloved mini donkey Murty had been attacked. When she awoke on Sunday morning, she found that dream had been all too real — or so she thought.
North Adams is losing a well-liked bakery and ice cream shop, but Stamford, Vt. is gaining one.
For the Cheshire Police Department, Easter Sunday is not just about community. It's also about honoring tradition.
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.