By CHLOE LOUISE FOR MAILONLINE  
 Published:  01:09, 22 June 2024   |  Updated:  11:45, 22 June 2024   
 55
View  comments
Taylor Swift sent fans in a frenzy when she graced the stage with five surprise songs for her first London gig during her Eras Tours on Friday.
Over 90,000 Swifties packed into Wembley Stadium to see the American superstar, 34, give her all in the first of her three performances in England's capital.
And fans received quite the treat when she performed five songs in two  unexpected mashups during the 'surprise segment' of the show. 
Taylor performed a guitar mashup of Hits Different and Death By A thousand cuts. 
She then graced her piano and performed a three-way mashup of The Black Dog into Come Back Be Here before rounding off her melody with Maroon. 
Taylor Swift sent fans in a frenzy when she graced the stage with five surprise songs for her first London gig during her Eras Tours on Friday
Over 90,000 Swifties packed into Wembley Stadium to see the American superstar, 34, perform five songs in two unexpected mashups during the 'surprise segment' of the show
The songstress had not performed The Black Dog prior to Friday and admitted to her stadium of fans that she was nervous. 
The blonde beauty said: 'I have never played this song live before so pray to God.' 
Her recent mashup was fitting for her London audience because the song  Come Back Be here from her album Red is a nod to her London life as she name drops the capital in her lyrics.
London is the only city that she will return to twice during her Era Tours. She will later return to the venue for another five shows in August, which will serve as the conclusion of the European leg of the tour. 
Elsewhere during her performance on Friday, she branded London the 'most exhilarating city in the world' amid a huge crowd of her fans. 
Her performance also comes after split from Joe Alwyn.
Addressing her fans, Taylor is heard saying: 'There are eighty-eight thousand four hundred and forty-six people in this stadium. 
'Thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'm thinking about how beautiful you are and just how wonderful it is thinking about the way you can spend your time in the most exhilarating city of the world.'
Taylor performed a guitar mashup of Hits Different and Death By A thousand cuts. She then graced her piano and performed a three-way mashup of The Black Dog into Come Back Be Here before rounding off her melody with Maroon
The songstress had not performed The Black Dog prior to Friday and admitted to her stadium of fans that she was nervous. The blonde beauty said: ' I have never played this song live before so pray to God.'
Before her romance with her footballer boyfriend Travis Kelce, Taylor dated actor Joe Alwyn from 2016 to 2023. 
They kept their romance away from the public eye, but in typical Taylor fashion she occasionally referenced Joe in her music, despite them reportedly splitting amicably. 
'Busy schedules and differing priorities' were the reasons given when they parted ways. 
But now Taylor has showed the world she can both tour the world as one of the biggest popstars in the globe and manage a blossoming love life as her and Travis have before the world's most adored couple. 
In a bid to keep the spark alive between the two during her busy schedule, she has reportedly coughed up for a £15,000 a week Cotswolds retreat during her London concerts. 
Taylor, who is being supported by her footballer boyfriend Travis while in the UK, is believed to be residing in a luxury farmhouse estate, according to The Sun.
She is said to be a stones throw away form some the UK's biggest celebrities including Posh and Becks, Simon Cowell and Amanda Holden.
The swanky property, which is near Chipping Norton, reportedly comes with its own sizeable swimming pool and extravagant tennis court. 
A source told the publication: 'Off stage, Taylor is very low key and likes her home comforts.
Elsewhere during her performance on Friday, she branded London the 'most exhilarating city in the world' amid a huge crowd of her fans. Her performance also comes after split from Joe Alwyn
But now Taylor has showed the world she can both tour the world as one of the biggest popstars in the globe and manage a blossoming love life as her and Travis have before the world's most adored couple
In a bid to keep the spark alive between the two during her busy schedule, she has reportedly coughed up for a £15,000 a week Cotswolds retreat during her London concerts 
The songstress, 34, who is being supported by her footballer boyfriend Travis Kelce while in the UK, is believed to be residing in a luxury farmhouse estate
'She has rented a lovely place in the Cotswolds for some downtime.'
MailOnline has contacted Taylor's representatives for a comment.  
Travis allegedly landed in the UK on Thursday to support the singer in time her first night of her London tour stint. 
The Kelce family touched down in London for Taylor's Eras Tour concert in London, as Travis was joined by his brother Jason, his sister-in-law Kylie and his dad, Ed, at Wembley. 
Taylor will to perform this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the 'Home of English Soccer' as part three consecutive concerts before jetting across the Irish Sea.
Travis, 34, showed up in a relaxing fit, sporting a white, Team USA Olympics cap and black polo, which matched the color of his shorts. He shook hands with Scott Swift - Taylor's dad - upon his arrival at the sold-out show. 
And so did Jason, who was closely followed by Kylie, in jeans and a dark lumberjack button down shirt. 
He was seen dishing out some of Taylor's tour-made friendship bracelets before the concert, as 'Swifties' were quick to snatch some off his hands.
She is said to be a stones throw away form some the UK's biggest celebrities including Posh and Becks, Simon Cowell and Amanda Holden
She is said to be a stones throw away form some the UK's biggest celebrities including Posh and Becks, Simon Cowell and Amanda Holden
A source told the publication: 'Off stage, Taylor is very low key and likes her home comforts'
Taylor took to the stage at Wembley Stadium on Friday in front of 90,000 adoring fans.
The pop princess  kicked off her London Eras Tour residency and those in the star-studded VIP tent include supermodel Cara Delevingne as well as Bridgerton darling Nicola Coughlan.
As she started her three-hour long set, Taylor Swift said: 'You're making me feel like tonight I get to play my first sold out show at Wembley Stadium on The Eras Tour!'
She added: 'There are 88.446 people in this stadium today.' 
Including the leader of the Labour party Sir Kier Starmer and his wife. In a post on X he joked: ''Swift' campaign pit stop.' 
Today is the first of three sold out dates at Wembley, with the international sensation returning in August to perform another five.
Taylor's adoring fans were brimming with anticipation to know if she will perform any of her London-inspired hit songs.
Among a few is London Boy from her 2019 album Lover, which is speculated to be about her ex-boyfriend of six years and British actor Joe Alwyn.
Wembley is awash with sparkling outfits, cowboy hats, gemstones and glitter today as thousands of Taylor Swift fans gathered for her opening night in London.
Swifties had travelled from across the country for the latest sell-out performance of her Eras Tour.
Teenage girls and boys were joined by mums, dads and younger siblings - and fans of all ages - ahead of the three-and-a-half hour gig, that has already blown the roofs off stadiums across Britain and Europe.
Devoted followers sang the lyrics of her many hits word-perfect that were blasted out at the Taylor Swift fan zone at the BoxPark Wembley on the Olympic Walk up to the stadium entrance.
Fans exchanged bracelets and discussed their favourite tunes ahead of the big event. Others joined long queues to buy official merchandise - t-shirts, sweat-shirts, hats and bags.
Fans have predicted that the American megstar will choose a London-themed tune as her surprise song. 
Many are hoping for Swift's more melancholy hits such as 'So Long, London' and 'The Black Dog' from her recent album The Tortured Poets Department.
'The Black Dog' is largely believed to be about 1975 singer, Matty Healy, who she reportedly has a brief two week relationship with following her break-up with Alwyn. 
Travis allegedly landed in the UK on Thursday to support the Red singer in time her first night of her London tour stint 
Taylor is set to perform this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the 'Home of English Soccer' as part three consecutive concerts before jetting off across the Irish Sea 
 Jason was seen in London, and giving out friendship bracelets to fans
Travis' best friend Ross Travis (top), who's wearing a cowboy hat, was also part of the clan  
Taylor on the big screen in front of a sold-out crowd, Friday, as she will take on Ireland next
The lyrics seemingly reference a Vauxhall pub, as well as band - The Starting Line - whose songs The 1975 have covered several times during their tour. 
'So Long, London' is widely rumoured to be a goodbye song to the city as well as her ex-partner Alwyn.
During the woeful track, she sings: 'I left all I knew, you left me at the house by the Heath.
'I stopped CPR, after all it's no use. The spirit was gone, we would never come to. And I'm p****d off you let me give you all that youth for free.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group