By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  20:31, 13 November 2024   |  Updated:  20:31, 13 November 2024   
 23
View  comments
Travis Scott partied with Travis Kelce's ex Kayla Nicole at a strip club as the two with famous exes enjoyed each other's company with a group of pals.
 The 33-year-old rapper - who recently came back from a wild tour in Australia - was joined by the stunning 33-year-old social media star at Hollywood Cheetahs strip club in Los Angeles on Tuesday night.
Kayla -  who recently had a tell-all interview regarding her relationship with Travis Kelce  - stunned in a shiny brown dress along with red heels.
She teamed the look with a brown leather trench coat and added a pop of color in the form of a bright red bag weeks after bursting into tears over that aforementioned interview.
Her highlighted locks were pulled back into a long braid as she accentuated her natural looks with complimentary make-up on her face topped off with a swipe of shiny lip.
Travis Scott partied with Travis Kelce 's ex Kayla Nicole at a strip club as the two with famous exes enjoyed each other's company with a group of pals
The 33-year-old rapper was joined by the stunning 33-year-old social media star at Hollywood Cheetahs strip club in Los Angeles on Tuesday night
Scott (born Jacques Bermon Webster II) kept his look simple in an all black look consisting of a vintage Primus T-Shirt with baggy pants and sneakers weeks after a chaotic tour.
He accessorized with several diamond encrusted platinum necklaces including one with a massive pendant in addition to  matching bracelets and even a chain on his pants.
His hair was pulled back in his signature braids as he also sported huge diamond earrings.
Scott and Kayla's personal relationship remains unclear but they were joined by a group of friends on the outing as it was 'Tipsy Tuesdays' at the topless club.
Kayla dated NFL superstar Travis Kelce  on-off for five years, before their relationship drew to a close in 2022.
Their relationship hit a different level of scrutiny after it was over as he began dating pop megastar Taylor Swift shortly after.
The power couple went public in September 2023, when the singer joined his mom Donna in a suite at Arrowhead Stadium to watch him play for Kansas City.
Meanwhile Scott also has a high-profile ex in mogul and reality star Kylie Jenner. 
Kayla - who recently had a tell-all interview regarding her relationship with Travis Kelce - stunned in a shiny brown dress along with red heels
Kylie and Travis have dated on/off since 2017 and they share two children: Stormi, six, and Aire, two.
The KUWTK alum is currently dating Academy Award nominee Timothee Chalamet, 28. They kicked off their romance in early 2023 but did not go public until September of that year. 
It was confirmed in January 2023 that Kylie and Travis had decided to breakup for a second time after rekindling their romance in 2020.
A source told Us Weekly at the time that they 'were supposed to spend the holidays together' but, instead, spent them apart.
Kylie notably whisked herself and Stormi away to Aspen for the New Year to join her sister, Kendall Jenner, and a few close friends, such as Hailey Bieber and her husband Justin Bieber.
The source insisted that Kylie and Travis 'remain friends and great co-parents.'
Kylie and Travis first broke up in October 2019 after sparking a romance in 2017. In February 2018, the two welcomed their first child, daughter Stormi, to the world.
They are taking some time but not done,' a source told People at the time of the first split. 'They still have some trust issues but their problems have stemmed more from the stress of their lifestyles.'
Kayla dated NFL superstar Travis Kelce on-off for five years, before their relationship drew to a close in 2022; they are seen together in February 2022
Another insider had informed Us Weekly, 'Kylie and Travis have been on and off at various times throughout their relationship,' adding that the Kylie Cosmetics founder, 'still loves Travis and this isn’t considered a full breakup to either of them.'
Following their separation, the stars still remained close, and quarantined together during the COVID pandemic. In May 2021, a source gave an update about the status of Kylie and Travis' relationship, informing People that the two reportedly, 'love each other' and 'enjoy spending family time with Stormi.'
The insider further added that at the time, 'Kylie and Travis also have date nights. They have worked hard to create a family situation that's best for them...They are not exclusive, but Kylie isn't seeing anyone else, either.'
In August 2021, it was confirmed that the duo were expecting baby number two together after rumors had circulated that Kylie and Travis had reportedly reconciled.
'The baby has absolutely brought them even closer together,' a source told Us Weekly. 'She is so happy for her family. Travis is beyond thrilled. They both have wanted this for a long time.'
In February 2022, their Aire son, who was originally named Wolf, was born.
In October 2022, a model named Rojean Kar, jumped to her Instagram and had accused Travis of allegedly trying to cheat on Kylie, and that they had met on a music video set.
She had shared a video on Instagram at the time, prompting the rapper to shoot down the accusations on his own social media, including Instagram stories.
Kylie and Travis have dated on/off since 2017 and they share two children: Stormi, six, and Aire, two; the two are seen in Las Vegas back in May 2022
'It's a lot of weird s**t going on. An uninvited person was sneaking photos on what was supposed to be, a closed set while I was directing a video. '
'I'm saying this for the last time,' the star wrote, further revealing that he doesn't even know the woman. 'I don't know this person. I've never been with this person. So please stop with the continuous cyber games and the fictional storytelling.'
Although Travis had hoped to end the allegations with his own statement, Rojean shared her heated response on her own Instagram, which had been set to private, expressing that the singer has, 'definitely been' with her, adding that, 'f***ing everybody's seen you with me, when I have pictures and videos of you with me, come on.'
The rapper and Rojean allegedly had a fling before the singer began dating Kylie, according to TMZ.
It was confirmed in January 2023 that Kylie and Travis had decided to breakup for a second time after rekindling their romance in 2020; the two are seen together in Santa Monica back in August 2019
Over the past 21 months, Jenner has been in a relationship with Timothee Chalamet, 28, who took her to his date to the Golden Globes in January (pictured) 
Despite the drama that had occurred, Kylie and Travis remained together. However, just before the holidays, reportedly decided to call it quits.
Over the past 21 months, Jenner has been in a relationship with Chalamet, 28, who took her to his date to the Golden Globes in January.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group