Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker’s 10-month-old son Rocky is in good hands as the proud parents get their little one ready for his first Halloween.
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker are getting their family in the spooky spirit.
The Blink-182 rocker posted a photo on his Instagram Story Sept. 26 featuring a pair of fuzzy pumpkin booties, alongside a pair of boots covered in his band’s logo and two high top sneakers, seemingly for the couple and their son Rocky, 10 months. This year’s festivities will be extra special as they’ll coincide with the little guy’s first birthday Nov. 1.
The Kardashian-Barkers have made no secret of their love of the fright-filled holiday. In 2021, just days after getting engaged, the couple channeled Sex Pistols member Sid Vicious and his girlfriend Nancy Spungen by adorning costumes inspired by the tragic couple. Alongside photos of their getups, Kourtney wrote on Instagram, “Till death do us part.”
But Kravis didn’t stop there, also paying homage to the drummer’s favorite movie True Romance. Kourtney dressed up as Alabama Whitman, played by Patricia Arquette in the 1993 romantic drama, while Travis disguised himself as Clarence Worley, played by Christian Slater.
At the time, the couple posted three snaps in costume on social media, while Kourtney quoted Quentin Tarantino’s screenplay in the caption: “Amid the chaos of that day, when all I could hear was the thunder of gunshots, and all I could smell was the violence in the air, I look back and am amazed that my thoughts were so clear and true, that three words went through my mind endlessly, repeating themselves like a broken record: you're so cool, you're so cool, you're so cool.”
And while Kourtney and Travis look forward to getting in the spooky spirit with Rocky, they’ve been careful not to post their infant son’s face on social media. Still, they’ve shared occasional peeks at their baby boy, including a recent photo displaying his full head of brown hair.
But it seems like we may not see much more than that for awhile. In an interview published Sept. 23, Travis told the Wall Street Journal, “I think it’s weird to grow up and you’re 15 or 12, and you’re like, ‘Mom, you posted this of me?’”
For more adorable glimpses of baby Rocky, keep reading.
Playtime With Mom
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker's baby boy sported some leopard print while playing with his mother, as seen in this pic the drummer shared on Instagram in honor of his wife's 46th birthday in April 2025.
Beach Vacay
Kourtney Kardashian and her baby boy enjoyed a quiet moment in the shallow ocean.
Celebrating Mom's Birthday
During her 46th birthday trip, Kourtney Kardashian took a break from reviewing some home renovation plans to enjoy the view from their private jet with her baby boy.
Beach Stroller
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker walked hand-in-hand with son Rocky Thirteen Barker while on the beach in a February 2024 Instagram post.
Little Drummer Boy
In January 2025, Travis showed that his son was following in his footsteps when he posted this pic of Rocky behind a mini drum set.
Tiny Learner
Rocky was deep in a book, reading all about the Pixar movie Inside Out 2 in November 2024.
Catching Some Rays
Kourtney took her son for a beach walk, as seen in an Instagram photo she shared in November 2024. 
Disney Dad
On Rocky's first birthday, Travis took his son to meet Mickey Mouse at Disneyland.
House of Mouse
The baby boy got to take home his very own Mickey Mouse balloon during his visit to the Happiest Place on Earth.
Around the World
Rocky played with some unique toys, embracing a globe bouncy ball and a skeleton prop ahead of Halloween.
Bat Baby
For Rocky's first Halloween, Kourtney and Travis dressed him in a sweet bat onesie.
Spook-tacular
At 11 months, Rocky also sported a skeleton outfit for Halloween 2024.
By the Shore
The couple took Rocky to the ocean in an October 2024 snap.
Growing Up Fast
He took in the views in September 2024. 
Spot the Tot
The reality star bundled up in a cheetah print coat as she carried Rocky in this snapshot shared by Travis in September 2024.
Miss You
The Blink-182 drummer kissed his baby boy on the cheek in this September 2024 picture.
Mother-Son Selfie
Say cheese! Kourtney snapped a breastfeeding selfie with Rocky in September 2024.
Tour Life
In August 2024, Kourtney shared photos from the road as the family joined Travis on Blink-182's summer tour, including this snapshot of herself nursing Rocky backstage.
Aliens Exist
Rocky had a blast riding on an UFO buggy backstage at a Blink-182 show.
Father's Day Tribute
"Happy Father’s Day @travisbarker !!" Kourtney wrote to Travis on Instagram on Father's Day 2024, sharing never-before-seen pics of her husband with their son. "Beyond grateful for the Dad that you are to our baby boy, and all of our kids."
Kisses for Baby
Kourtney continued, " You keep us safe and protected and take care of us. Having a family with you is heaven. Happy to celebrate you!"
Sun Day, Fun Day
Kourtney also included this pic of Travis and Rocky in her Father's Day tribute.
The Parenting Show
Travis' daughter Alabama shared this photo of the couple with baby Rocky in June 2024.
Sky's the Limit
Travis played with his baby boy on a private plane.
All the Small Things
The Poosh founder and the rocker shared a sweet kiss while holding their son Rocky, who they welcomed on Nov. 1, 2023.
Mother's Day
Travis commemorated Kourtney's first Mother's Day with Rocky, writing on Instagram in May 2024, "Happy Mother’s Day to my best friend and partner."
Baby Joy
"Our children are so lucky to have you," the musician—who is also dad to step-daughter Atiana de la Hoya, son Landon Barker and daughter Alabama Barker with ex Shanna Moakler—continued in his tribute to Kourtney. "Thank you for filling our home with love, laughter, and joy."
Family Forever
Sharing photos of Kourtney and Rocky, Travis added in his Mother's Day message, "I love you forever and ever my wife @kourtneykardash."
Rock Me to Sleep
Rocky fell asleep during this tender moment with Kourtney, who also shares kids Mason, Penelope and Reign with ex Scott Disick.
Mom Life
Travis shared a sweet look at life with their baby boy, captioning this mother-son photo on Instagram in April 2024, "I love our life together. Thank you for being the most amazing wife a person could ask for."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.