Don’t hold your breath for this love story.
Unleashing enough pure cringe energy to launch a million SpaceX rockets to the distant reaches of the galaxy, Elon Musk offered Taylor Swift a chance to bear his offspring in response to her endorsement of Vice President Kamala Harris on social media Tuesday night. 
“Fine Taylor … you win … I will give you a child and guard your cats with my life,” Elon Musk, 53, posted on X to his 197 million followers in what was likely a crack about Swift, 34, signing her lengthy instagram post “childless cat lady.”
Grammatically speaking, it wasn’t immediately clear whether Musk meant he intended to father the child himself or if he’d simply hand over one of his own sizable brood of 12.
“I will be casting my vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walz in the 2024 Presidential Election,” the reigning princess of pop wrote in her post accompanied by a photo of her hugging one of her cats.
“I think she is a steady-handed, gifted leader and I believe we can accomplish so much more in this country if we are led by calm and not chaos.”
Swift’s “childless cat lady” remark is a clear dig at controversial comments made by Republican vice presidential hopeful JD Vance interpreted by many as disparaging toward women without kids.
Musk’s post was viewed nearly 50 million times in just a few hours, with thousands of comments absolutely unloading on him for his bizarre message, which seems all the more skin-crawling in the post-MeToo era.
“This tweet just takes things to a whole new level of strange. It’s not even eccentric at this point, just outright unsettling,” wrote one creeped-out X user.
“Taylor wants precisely zero to do with you,” said another.
Some inevitably speculated how her NFL star beau Travis Kelce would feel about the presumptuous offer from the world’s richest man.
“Walk up to Travis Kelce and tell him that, then see what happens,” another poster warned.
Elon doubled down later — taking aim at kitties and the people who love them. “Toxoplasma gondii is a danger to our democracy,” referencing a parasite commonly found in the digestive tract of cats that can also infect the brains of humans. 
Referencing the parasite has become common informal shorthand for mocking “childless cat ladies” online.
Advertisement