Now 
69
 Wed 
82
 Thu 
79
by STAFF REPORTS
TOPICS:
CHARLESTON, W.Va. (WCHS) — Certified police officers in West Virginia have a chance at a $15,000 sign-on bonus to join the ranks of the Charleston Police Department.
The state's largest municipal police agency is working hard to recruit new and certified officers as it prepares to make numerous hires during two rounds of testing.
Charleston Police Sgt. Travis Bailes said the call for applicants is open to all who want to contribute to their community.
“We’re looking for anybody that wants to make a difference in the community, whether that’s someone who’s college educated, a military veteran or someone fresh out of high school that just wants to get out in the workforce immediately – maybe college isn’t for them,” he said.
The agency is also working to inform potential new hires of several perks for working for the agency.
In addition to a $15,000 sign-on bonus for certified police officers who join the force, the physical fitness exam will be waived. The written exam for certified officers is being offered on Oct. 16 at 9 a.m. at the department's training division.
The agency says starting pay is$23.65 per hour (+$1 per hour for night shifts), with built-in overtime.
Additional bonus pay is also available if you are a member of a unit such as SWAT, Drug Recognition Expert, Polygraph, Marine or Range Instructor, which could amount to an extra $3,000 a year.
Charleston Police Chief Scott Dempsey said he welcomes anyone who wants to be part of the department.
“I am honored and proud to be part of an amazing CPD team,” Dempsey said. “Being a CPD officer is not just a great career, it’s a lifestyle of camaraderie, honor, integrity and a strong passion to serve and protect.  I welcome anyone who is looking to accept this challenge and be an integral part of our growing department.”
There are 22 openings within the department which has 173 officers at full staff.
Officers work 15 days a month in 12-hour shifts, with every other weekend off.
They also said there are opportunities to grow a law enforcement career in specialized units such as K-9, Criminal Investigation Division, Special Enforcement, Warrants, Training, Traffic, Hybrid and School Resource. The department is also looking forward to a state-of-the-art new police station announced last month.
Non-certified officers will take a written exam on Oct. 19 at 9 a.m. at the Charleston Coliseum and Convention Center. Walk-ins are welcome.
To apply, you can fill out an application here.