By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  03:12, 28 February 2024   |  Updated:  03:37, 28 February 2024   
 38
View  comments
Kourtney Kardashian's company Lemme was targeted in a truck heist last week, with the robber later trying to sell the reality star $4 million worth of stolen merchandise back to her.
Kourtney, 44, who is married to Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker, 48, has a stake in the company Lemme, a supplement line.
Insiders told TMZ on Tuesday that the truck heist occurred at a logistics facility used for storing and shipping Lemme products in Southern California's San Fernando Valley.
The robbers made off with the seven-figure sum of products under the Lemme Burn label, sources told the outlet.
A person or people involved in the robbery hacked into the security system of the facility, sources told the outlet, and were able to gain physical access with fake credentials and identification.
Kourtney Kardashian's company Lemme was targeted in a truck heist last week, with the robber later trying to sell the reality star, 44, $4 million worth of stolen merchandise back to her. Pictured last month in LA 
Kourtney has a stake in the company Lemme, a supplement line with a facility in Southern California that was targeted in the heist 
The thieves were able to drive away from the scene of the crime with no resistance, sources told the outlet.
A ransom note had been sent digitally by the thieves asking for repayment in exchange for the stolen goods, the outlet reported.
Company officials filed a report for grand theft with police, who are probing the incident, according to TMZ.
A spokesperson for The Kardashians star's brand said that their team had been 'working closely with law enforcement agencies to investigate the theft.'
Staffers were working to keep business running smoothly amid the unanticipated interruption.
'We are implementing contingency plans to minimize any impact to our customers and retail partners,' the spokesperson said.
Kourtney has frequently used her large Instagram platform - which has more than 224 million followers - to promote her product.
In January, she was seen in a clip in which she shopped at a Target location, showcasing her product on the shelves at the retail establishment. 
Earlier this month, she posted a clip on Super Bowl Sunday to promote her Lemme brand. 
The eldest of the Kardashian sisters was seen promoting the line on Instagram this month
An estimated $4 million in the supplement line was stolen from a facility 
The eldest of the Kardashian sisters and her spouse Barker welcomed their first child together this past November, son Rocky Thirteen Barker.
She is mother to three kids with ex Scott Disick, 40: son Mason, 14, daughter Penelope, 11, and son Reign, nine.
Barker is father to three children with his Shanna Moakler, 48: stepdaughter Atiana, 24, (who Moakler had with Oscar De La Hoya); son Landon, 20, and daughter Alabama, 18.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group