Forgot your password?

We recently switched our login system from requiring display names to email addresses in order to log in. You must use your email address instead of your display name in order to log in.
Or sign in with one of these services


By 


Steve Lein
July 24, 2024 in Twins Minor League Talk



	It was a big day on the farm for the Minnesota Twins affiliates. One of the parent club’s best players began a rehab assignment, a 17-year-old drove in seven runners on the day, and a few familiar names made impacts for the opposing team in Triple-A. Oh, and the Mighty Mussels threw a no-hitter as a pitching staff, yet almost lost.


TRANSACTIONS


SAINTS SENTINEL
	Omaha 3, St. Paul 1
Box Score
	The Saints got a fantastic start from Louie Varland at CHS Field, as he completed six dominant innings. He allowed just two hits, walked one, and struck out seven Storm Chasers, including five in a row at one point. He probably could have gone longer too, as he was at just 76 pitches (54 for strikes) when his game was done. Since allowing 11 earned runs upon his most recent return to triple-A, Varland has allowed just two earned runs in his last 19 1/3 innings over four starts. His ERA in that time is 0.93, and he has struck out 21.


Also of note, was the return of Royce Lewis to the playing field, as he began his rehab assignment with the Saints. 


He finished 0-for-3 and struck out twice and was subbed out in the eighth inning.


The Saints took a 1-0 lead in the bottom of the second inning after Alex Isola led off the inning with a double. With two outs, DaShawn Keirsey Jr.  was able to bring him in with a single.


There wasn’t much else for offense in the game for St. Paul, much to Varland’s dismay. They collected just three other hits, all singles, and weren’t able to bring anyone else in with their chances. They finished 2-for-10 with runners in scoring position, and left seven men on base. Keirsey and Isola each had two of those five total hits, and Payton Eeles reached base twice with a single and a walk. The rest of the lineup finished 0-for-20 with eight strikeouts.


After Varland was lifted, the Storm Chaser started to find some life. Caleb Baragar pitched a scoreless seventh inning, but had to work around a single and a walk. After an #OldFriend appearance from Tyler Duffey, Josh Winder was called on for the eighth. He gave up a pinch hit solo home run to Twins spring training invite, Brian O’Keefe to tie it at one before a single and a double threatened to break it open. But he recovered and struck out the next two to keep it tied.


Jeff Brigham was brought on for the ninth and bookended a walk with a pair of strikeouts, before he too gave up a home run for a 3-1 Omaha lead. All three of his outs came on K’s, but the damage was done.


The Saints did threaten in the bottom half, loading the bases with two outs, but it was another #OldFriend in Evan Sisk who was called upon to get left-hander Eeles for the final out, and he did, inducing a grounder to first base.


WIND SURGE WISDOM
	Wichita 3, Amarillo 12
Box Score
	Left-hander Jaylen Nowlin made the start for the Wind Surge, pitching into the sixth inning. He gave up one run in the first after a two-out triple and a balk. He worked around some baserunners in the next three innings, but kept the Sod Poodles off the scoreboard.


The Wind Surge were able to tie the game at one in the top of the fourth thanks to a Ben Ross home run, his seventh of the season.


Nowlin gave that run back in the fifth by allowing a home run, but escaped anything else thanks to a couple strikeouts and a runner being thrown out at home. 


Wichita took their first lead of the game in the top of the sixth when Jorel Ortega launched his seventh home run of the year, scoring Noah Cardenas to make 3-2 Wind Surge.


Manager Ramon Borrego probably should have seen the signs the inning before, but allowed Nowlin to come back out for the sixth. A walk and a single sandwiched around a flyout put an end to his outing. Ricardo Velez came on with one out and wasn’t able to get the remaining two. Two more runs were charged to Nowlin, and he became the victim of three of his own. Scott Engler had to get the final out, but allowed a three-run homer himself, putting the Wind Surge down 9-3 when it was all said and done. Nowlin pitched 5 1/3 innings and allowed four earned runs on eight hits and a pair of walks. He struck out seven.


Relievers Jared Solomon (1 IP, 2 H, ER, 2 K) and Kyle Bischoff (1 IP, 2 H, 2 ER) finished off the final two innings, but weren’t able to get out unscathed, either.


Eight of the nine batters in the Wichita lineup had a hit, but eight was also their total for the game. Kyler Fedko and Carson McCusker added doubles to the effort. As a team they finished 0-for-8 with runners in scoring position and left nine men on base for the game.


KERNELS NUGGETS
	Cedar Rapids 9, Quad Cities 8
Box Score
	The Kernels built a large lead in this one, and then did almost everything they could to lose it on the road against the River Bandits.


In the top of the first the Cedar Rapids lineup took advantage of some walks for a 3-0 lead. Ricardo Olivar and Gabriel Gonzalez drew them, then Kevin Maitan drove in the first run of the game with a double. Rubel Cespedes followed with an RBI single. Jay Harry capped the inning with a sac fly.


Ty Langenberg took the mound for the Kernels and went the first four innings. He was charged with three earned runs on seven hits and two walks. He struck out five.


Cedar Rapids added three more runs in the fourth. Misael Urbina drew a leadoff walk. Jose Salas reached base on a bunt attempt and an error moved them both up a base. Rayne Doncon delivered a two-RBI double. A few batters later, Maitan's second double of the game drove in Doncon for a 6-2 lead.


In relief of Langenberg, Rafael Marcano went the next two innings. He was charged with one earned run on a pair of walks, while striking out one.


It was another three-run inning for Cedar Rapids in the sixth. This time it was courtesy of a three-run homer from Rubel Cespedes, his 11th of the season.


With the 9-4 lead, after six, the Kernels bullpen made it hard on themselves. A.J. Labas (1 IP, 4 H, 3 ER, 2 BB) and Gabriel Yanez (2 IP, 2 H, ER, 2 BB, 3 K) allowed Quad Cities to get within one. In the bottom of the ninth they were able to load the bases with two outs, and a wild-pitch put the tying run 90-feet away, and the winning run right behind it. But Yanez was able to get a flyout to put an end to their comeback attempt.


Maitan (2-for-4, 2 R, 2 2B, 2 RBI, K) and Cespedes (2-for-4, R, 4 RBI, BB, 2 K, SB) led the way with multiple hits. Five of the Kernels nine hits went for extra-bases. In notable occurrences, Gabriel Gonzalez finished 0-for-2, but drew three walks and scored a run.


MUSSEL MATTERS
	Fort Myers 2, Dunedin 1 (6 innings)
Box Score
	The Mighty Mussels game against the Blue Jays in Dunedin on Tuesday was cut short by rain, but the victory will still be remembered in the history books.


That’s because it was also their fifth no-hitter as a team in the last four seasons.


Pitchers Ross Dunn, the rehabbing Justin Topa, and Wilker Reyes combined for the six no-hit innings, and Byron Chourio’s two out, two-run double came just in the nick of time to put them in front. 


Dunn went the first three innings, and was actually charged with an unearned run. That’s because in the bottom of the second a two-out walk was followed by an error that allowed a run to score, putting the Blue Jays in front 1-0.


It remained that way as Topa made his first appearance of his rehab assignment. He walked one and struck out one in his lone inning. Reyes then retired all six hitters he faced, including three on strikeouts before the lightning and rain made it official.


In the top of the sixth Fort Myers finally took the lead with a two-out rally. Angel Del Rosario got it started with a single, and Walker Jenkins followed with a double to put them both into scoring position. Chourio then traded places with Jenkins and put them in front 2-1. Thank goodness, as it sure would have been weird to lose a no-hitter effort, even if it was a shortened game.


All three of the Mighty Mussels hits came in that sixth inning, so it was almost a combined no-hit effort from both teams. In fact, Blue Jays starter Ryan Watson was perfect for 17 hitters before Del Rosario got him with that single.


COMPLEX CHRONICLES
	FCL Orioles 4, FCL Twins 6
Box Score
	Making the start for the FCL squad was the rehabbing Jacob King, making his first appearance since August 19th of last season. He struck out the first hitter he faced, but that was as good as it would get in his return to the mound. The next two batters drew a walk, before an RBI single scored the first run of the game for the Orioles. Another walk and a fielder’s choice later King’s return to the mound was over.


The Twins lineup had no issues bouncing back in the bottom of the first. Dameury Pena led off with a single, Yasser Mercedes drew a walk, and Bryan Acuna loaded the bases with a single of his own. Jayson Bass grounded into a fielder’s choice, but a throwing error on the play allowed two runs to score. A wild pitch would score another run before Ariel Castro capped off the four run inning with an RBI single.


Four consecutive singles from Acuna, Bass, Javier Roman, and Castro in the second scored another run for a 5-1 Twins lead.


After King’s exit in the first, the Twins got 3 1/3 innings from Juan Cota. He allowed one earned run on three hits and two walks, while striking out two. Miguel Cordero (2 IP, 4 H, 2 ER, BB) and Cleiber Maldonado (S, 1 IP, H, K) finished the final three innings.


The Twins added an insurance run in the sixth when Yasser Mercedes led off with a double, and Bass traded places with him two batters later.


Acuna (2-for-4, 2 R, K), Bass (2-for-4, R, 2 RBI) and Castro (2-for-4, RBI, K) each had multiple hits to lead the offense.


DOMINICAN DAILY
	Game 1: DSL Twins 7, DSL Rangers Red 8 (8 innings)
Box Score
	The Twins and Rangers Red team’s went into “extra” innings in the first game of their doubleheader Tuesday morning.


The Rangers jumped out to a 3-0 lead after two against Twins starter Yoel Roque. In all, Roque pitched 2 1/3 innings, allowing three earned runs on four hits and five walks. He struck out one.


The Twins lineup bailed him out in the top of third however, putting up four runs of their own to take the lead. Back-to-back doubles from Nestor Urbina and Merphy Hernandez got that scoring started, before Eduardo Beltre ended it with a three-run home run, his fifth of the year.


Reliever Jose Vasquez got the Twins through the fifth inning without allowing a run. In his 2 2/3 he allowed two hits and struck out six. Fabian Herrera came on for the sixth inning and went one-two-three to keep his team out front.


The Twins added three insurance runs in the top of the seventh to make it 7-3 going into the Rangers last at-bat. Urbina delivered a single and Hernandez drew a walk to put two men on base, and like he did earlier in the game Beltre brought them in with another three-run blast.


Herrera was back out to finish this one, but it got away from his defense. A leadoff single was followed by a pop out and strikeout, but an error allowed a run to score and extended the inning. A double to make it 7-5 was followed up with a game-tying home run that then extended the game. Herrera was charged with four unearned runs on three hits and two strikeouts in his 1 2/3 innings. Daniel Manzueta got them out of the inning with the score now tied at seven.


The Twins went down in order in the top of the eighth, and it didn’t take long for the Rangers to walk them off in the bottom half. The leadoff man singled to center to score the ghost runner, and the Rangers completed their comeback in game one.


Beltre was a one-man wrecking crew for the Twins, finishing 3-for-4 with his two home runs, and six RBI. His six total home runs ranks tied for fourth in the DSL. Urbina had two hits in three at-bats and scored two runs.


Game 2: DSL Rangers Red 0, DSL Twins 3
Box Score
	The day’s second game was a makeup of a rainout back on July 19th. Santiago Rojas made the start for the Twins and delivered four scoreless innings. He allowed two hits, walked three, and struck out three.


The lineup got on the scoreboard in the bottom of the fourth inning. Daiber De Los Santos reached base on an error to lead it off. Eduardo Beltre then drove him in with a double. After a pair of walks, Luis Rodriguez delivered a sac fly for the 2-0 lead.


In the fifth Nestor Urbina hit his first home run of the season, a solo shot to put the Twins up 3-0.


After Rojas, right-hander Anderson Ramos pitched three scoreless, and hitless, innings of his own, striking out four to pick up the win.


Beltre again led the way for the Twins with two hits in three at-bats.


TWINS DAILY MINOR LEAGUE PLAYERS OF THE DAY
	Pitcher of the Day - Fort Myers Mighty Mussels (6 IP, 0 H, R, 3 BB, 6 K)
	Extra shout-out to Louie Varland, St. Paul Saints (6 IP, 2 H, BB, 7 K)
	Hitter of the Day - Eduardo Beltre, DSL Twins (5-for-7, 3 R, 2B, 2 HR, 7 RBI)


PROSPECT SUMMARY
	#1 – Walker Jenkins (Fort Myers) – 1-for-3, R, 2B
	#2 – Brooks Lee (Minnesota) – 0-for-3, BB, K
	#5 – Gabriel Gonzalez (Cedar Rapids) – 0-for-2, R, 3 BB, K
	#8 – Austin Martin (Minnesota) – 0-for-4, K
	#9 – Luke Keaschall (Wichita) – 1-for-4, BB, K
	#10 – Brandon Winokur (Fort Myers) – 0-for-3
	#11 – Simeon Woods Richardson (Minnesota) – 6 IP, 3 H, BB, 5 K
	#13 – Tanner Schobel (Wichita) – 0-for-3, BB
	#18 – Yunior Severino (St. Paul) – 0-for-4, K

WEDNESDAY’S PROBABLE STARTERS
	Omaha @ St. Paul (1:07 PM CDT) - RHP David Festa (3-3, 4.03 ERA) scratched.
	Wichita @ Amarillo (7:05 PM CDT) - RHP Travis Adams (4-6, 4.86 ERA)
	Cedar Rapids @ Quad Cities (6:30 PM CDT) - RHP John Klein (6-2, 4.59 ERA)
	Fort Myers @ Dunedin (5:30 PM CDT) - TBD


Please feel free to ask questions and discuss Tuesday’s games

View full article

	Certainly some good news - Varland pitches great and Lewis and Topa both on rehab assignments.


	Any word on Emma Rodriguez? He was on a rehab assignment and now there's no information about him.


	Winder keeps disappointing.  With him at closer I see the Twins trying to push him forward and they must still see promise in him for the pen. His 6.30 era does not look like a guy we will be calling up anytime soon.  


	And it looks like Festa is still in the lead for the next SP.  I hope this next outing is more in line with what he has done in the minors.  


	Even with a good outing I would still think Zebby and maybe Morris have passed Varland in the pecking order.  I hope he continues what he did today and climbs back up.  Otherwise RP is his best road to the majors. 


	Any word on why Festa was scratched?


			Any word on why Festa was scratched?
		

	Okert will be the opener tonight with Festa following and providing the bulk innings role, per Dan Hayes.


	I just give up on predicting what will happen. This past off-season I said Julien was the least likely of last year's rookie class to regress. WRONG. More recently I was finally ready to give up on Louie Varland as a starter. Now look at what he is up to. Better to just let it all unfold as a passive observer, lol.


	Fan = Fanatic. This discussion board is for the passionate Twins Fan - not the passive....Keep the takes coming Wabene! Win Twins!!


			Any word on why Festa was scratched?
		

	Because he is being called up today to pitch for the Twins! 😁


	Festa getting another call up. Hopefully he can show some improvement today but it will be a tough assignment against the Phillies. Nice to see Dobnak pitching well lately. I really doubt we'll ever see him in the majors again, but since he's under contract it can't hurt to have him in St Paul as injury insurance.


	Kind of bummed about Anderson Nova.   I get there are quite a few players even from his own class ahead of him in Rodriguez, Mercedes and Chourio, but 19 seems early to give on a player who had a .900 OPS in the Dominican league playing against kids his own age.  I guess guys are going to have to get moved to make room for the new draft picks and he is a casualty.


	Beltre is looking pretty special.  Having really good plate discipline will be a strong foundation for his batting profile moving forward.  He also has good power already as well.  It is going to be really interesting to see how he does in the FCL next year. Hoping for another Rodriguez type hitter, but we will have to wait and see.

You need to be a member in order to leave a comment
Sign up for a new account in our community. It's easy!
Already have an account? Sign in here.

	You all care about this site. The next step is caring for it. We’re asking you to caretake this site so it can remain the premier Twins community on the internet.


By 


Matthew Lenz
Yesterday at 11:33  AM


By 


Cody Christie
7 hours ago


By 


Matthew Trueblood
Yesterday at 03:18  PM



C-Gangster



kroll  »  
dxpavelka


Copyright © 2025 DiamondCentric
Powered by Invision Community