In addition to the "Black/Olive" and "Canary" Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Lows slated to release this year, a third pair is rumored to be joining the group.
First reported by Kicks Finder, a mock-up render of the upcoming pair was provided by @zsneakerheadz. The "Pale Vanilla/Black/Cream II/Muslin" pair is expected to feature a combination of leather and suede on the upper, with color blocking reminiscent of other Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low collabs. It's also expected to feature Cactus Jack branding on the tongue and the Utopia rapper's signature reverse Swoosh branding.
The aforementioned "Black/Olive" Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low is rumored to release this fall, while the women's "Canary" colorway, said to be inspired by Travis' high school, is set for a Summer 2024 launch.
The Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG "Pale Vanilla" is expected to retail for $150 and release during the Holiday 2024 season. Given its far off release, the window could change, so check back here for the most up-to-date info available.
Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1 Low OG "Pale Vanilla"Release Date: Holiday 2024Color: Pale Vanilla/Black/Cream II/MuslinStyle #: DM7866-201Price: $150
sneakers | BY Victor Deng
How to Buy the ‘Elkins’ Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1
sneakers | BY Victor Deng
Best Look Yet at the 'Medium Olive' Travis Scott x Air Jordan 1
sneakers | BY Victor Deng
This Golf Shop Made Fans Hit Drives to Buy a Travis Scott Collab
Timberland
Timberland Premium 6-Inch Waterproof Boot - Black
PDF CHANNEL
STRADA // BLACK
Timberland
Timberland Premium 6-Inch Waterproof Boot - Wheat
FCTRY LAb
FCTRY LAb x NLE Choppa Duck Boot - BLACK
Follow On
Discover
Shop
Work with us
Sign Up for the Newsletter
By entering your email, you agree to receive customized marketing messages from us and our advertising partners. You also acknowledge that this site is protected by reCAPTCHA, and that our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
COMPLEX participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means COMPLEX gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive. © Commerce Media Holdings, LLC All Rights Reserved.