Hey there! Guess what? The super cool and funny Terry Fator, who won "America’s Got Talent" and became super famous, is packing up his bags, his jokes, and a bunch of his puppet pals to bring an awesome new show to places all over the country in 2023. The show's called “Terry Fator: On the Road Again,” and it's like taking a fun road trip without leaving your seat!
Terry's not just any performer; he's got this amazing talent where he can throw his voice and make it seem like it's coming from somewhere else, like from one of his puppets, without moving his lips. It’s like magic but funnier! For 16 years, people in Las Vegas couldn’t get enough of his shows, and now he's bringing that magic to you.
“Terry Fator: On the Road Again” is packed with laughter, tunes that are fresh and new, and some golden oldies from the 60s to the 90s. Imagine the funniest music videos you’ve ever seen, but live, right in front of your eyes, with Terry and his puppet friends singing and cracking jokes.
Speaking of puppet friends, Terry's bringing a crew of the coolest puppet characters you’ll ever meet. There's Walter T. Airdale, who thinks he's a country music star; Vikki the Cougar, who's always looking for love; Fernando V. Francisco, the Latin Lover; Duggie Scott Walker, the neighbor everyone finds annoying; and Winston, the Turtle who's great at pretending to be other famous folks.
And get this – Terry's so good at impressions, he'll have special "guests" like Willie Nelson and Frank Sinatra. Well, not the real ones, but you’ll swear they were there once Terry starts doing his thing.
So, why should you check out “Terry Fator: On the Road Again”? Well, it's not just a show; it's like a time machine that takes you back to the best parts of music history, mixed with the kind of laughs that make your belly hurt. It's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of fun for anyone who loves to laugh, sing along to great music, and see a guy make talking without moving his lips look easy. Don’t miss out – it's going to be a blast!
Show set for Friday April 26th at the Golden Nugget Casino in Lake CharlesGet your Tickets HERE
Gallery Credit: Travis Sams