Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
E-edition PLUS unlimited articles & videos
Personalized news alerts with our mobile app
*FREE access to newspapers.com archives
Hundreds of games, puzzles & comics online
*Refers to the latest 2 years of stltoday.com stories. Cancel anytime.
Flanked by Missouri National Guard members and lawmakers, Gov. Mike Parson signed legislation benefiting military veterans on Thursday, July 11, 2024.
JEFFERSON CITY — Gov. Mike Parson signed legislation Thursday requiring two state agencies to develop a strategy to reduce suicides among military veterans.
The measure was among the final seven bills Parson publicly signed into law this year as he heads toward a January retirement due to term limits. Others include an expansion of the powers of the state auditor and a tax credit program designed to promote investments in rural Missouri.
The veteran suicide law mandates the Missouri Veterans Commission to work with the Department of Mental Health to review policies and treatment options that could address why Missouri has one of the highest veteran suicide rates in the country.
The new law, which was part of a package of veteran-related provisions sponsored by Rep. Dave Griffith, R-Jefferson City, will press officials to study how multiple deployments and combat missions may affect the suicide rate, as well as the age of veterans, their living conditions and their military occupation.
Parson, an Army veteran, said he is pleased that talk about suicide is no longer a taboo subject to be avoided.
“People didn’t want to deal with it. People didn’t want to admit there are problems,” the governor said. “Today is about changing tomorrow. We can make a difference.”
The veterans commission must file an annual report on the recommendations and implementation of its efforts.
House Bill 1495 won unanimous support in the Missouri House and Senate.
In addition to the suicide program, the new law aims to ease custody and visitation agreements for parents who are preparing for a military deployment.
The governor also signed a law allowing for full state tax deductions for military and National Guard enlistment bonuses. The measure also reduces paperwork for veterans to get disabled vehicle placards for their cars.
Parson also signed legislation giving the state auditor more power to investigate local governments.
The new law, which was backed by Auditor Scott Fitzpatrick, a Republican, will allow him to launch a probe of cities, fire and ambulance districts, counties and other local units of government without first getting permission or being requested by local voters.
“This is going to help us do our job,” Fitzpatrick said.
Sen. Travis Fitzwater, R-Holts Summit, who sponsored the measure, said the new powers will help ensure accountability in how billions of dollars in federal pandemic relief money have been spent by state and local governments.
“We need to make sure it’s all been done well,” Fitzwater said.
Under the changes, if improper governmental activity is detected, the auditor could initiate a formal audit of, for example, St. Louis County, which has its own auditor, without a request from the County Council or a citizen petition.
“Improper governmental activity” revealed in an initial investigation would be defined as “official misconduct, fraud, misappropriation, mismanagement, waste of resources, or a violation of state or federal law, rule, or regulation.”
An audit could also occur if requested by a prosecutor, circuit attorney or law enforcement agency.
The auditor legislation is House Bill 2111.
Missouri's Legislature reflects the federal structure in many ways. Video by Beth O'Malley
Stay up-to-date on the latest in local and national government and political topics with our newsletter.
Jefferson City reporter	
Following less than two hours of testimony Wednesday, the Senate Children and Families Committee voted to pass the proposed constitutional ame…
Business groups challenged the new minimum wage law but the Supreme Court rebuffed the plaintiffs days before a key provision takes effect.
Two consultancies are already building a pool of candidates for top St. Louis positions. And they're raising money, $50,000 so far.
The $3.2 million would have gone to five urban farmers to expand operations and fill fresh food shortages. The county executive said it needed…
Mayor Cara Spencer said recent changes have raised doubts that the effort can garner the federal grants needed to complete the billion-dollar line. 
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.