The Kylie Cosmetics founder shares two kids with ex Travis Scott
Matt Winkelmeyer/Getty; Kylie Jenner/Instagram
 Kylie Jenner is supporting her daughter's latest artwork!

 The ‎Kylie Cosmetics founder, 26, uploaded an image of two adorable portraits drawn by her and ex Travis Scott's daughter Stormi Webster, 6, on her Instagram Story Friday.

 The portraits included a drawing of Jenner and a self-portrait done by Stormi — both of which featured circular heads, smiley faces and large eyes.

 "Stormi's portraits," Jenner captioned her social media post alongside a few tilted laughing emojis.

Kylie Jenner/Instagram
 Back in November, Stormi's brother Aire Webster showed off his own artistic skills.

 At the time, the now-2-year-old could be seen on Jenner's Instagram Story putting together a painting of his own while hanging out with their family puppy, Moo Pants.

 In the photo, Aire drew on white paper with various colored markers, including some yellows, greens and oranges.

 Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.

 Jenner's sister Kim Kardashian also has an artist in her household, as North West, 10, has continued to surprise fans with her own artistic abilities over the years.

 In 2021, Kardashian, 43, responded to negative feedback and speculation from Instagram followers who questioned whether or not North had actually painted a piece of artwork that her mother uploaded.

 "I'm supposed to go but i can't stop thinking about how north west did not paint this," wrote one X (formerly Twitter) user, whose message was later shared on Kardashian's Instagram Story with the caption, "DON'T PLAY WITH ME WHEN IT COMES TO MY CHILDREN!!!"

Jacopo Raule/Getty 
 "My daughter and her best friend have been taking a serious oil painting class where their talents and creativity are being encouraged and nurtured," Kardashian wrote.

 "North worked incredibly hard on her painting with took several weeks to complete," she added. "As a proud mom, I wanted to share her work with everyone."

 Since then, North has created a few other notable works shared by her mom, including an oil paining of a sunset that she brought to life in September 2023. The artwork showed a beach with a vibrant sky, featuring pink, purple and orange hues.

 "North's new painting 🩷💜🧡💛," the SKIMS founder captioned the photo at the time.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)