EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ – It’s fitting that Saturday (July 6) is Fan Appreciation Night at The Meadowlands, because the harness racing track will have a special 11-race program on an evening when the patron is King.
And for those who can’t make it out to the mile oval, they can watch all of the action – and more – on FOX Sports 2 (FS2), beginning at 8 p.m.
Not only will there be a pair of $50,000 eliminations for the track’s signature event, the $650,000 Meadowlands Pace, but the card will also feature two $230,000 Graduate Series finals, one on the pace and the other on the trot.
The program will be three races shorter than usual so that The Big M can give back to its faithful fans in the form of a spectacular fireworks show that will begin at 11 p.m.
In addition, Fan Appreciation Night will feature discount concessions for those who come out on what is forecast to be a steamy summer evening.
The Cafe, Rooftop Terrace and Backyard will offer hot dogs, pretzels, popcorn and soda (limit five of each item per transaction) for $1. Available for $2 will be Bud and Bud Light drafts (for those 21 years of age and older).
The discount prices are available from 6-11 p.m.
“We are so pleased to be able to offer all that we offer on Fan Appreciation Night,” said Big M Chief Operating Officer and General Manager Jason Settlemoir. “The Meadowlands Pace shapes up as one of the more competitive we’ve had in years. Both Graduates look wide open as well, and after enjoying some discount concessions all night long, everybody can then enjoy a spectacular fireworks show and not have to worry about getting home too late.”
INCREASING VISIBILITY: There was a time when Standardbred racing was virtually invisible on television.
My how times have changed.
This Saturday will mark the first of two back-to-back weeks that FOX Sports will present live broadcasts of championship harness racing. A total of 12 races will be telecast from The Big M and Ohio’s Scioto Downs as part of another edition of America’s Day at the Races.
The three-hour show kicks off Saturday at 8 p.m. EDT on FOX Sports 2 (FS2) and during the evening, the best that Standardbred racing has to offer will be on display.
Headlining the Meadowlands program will be eliminations for the Meadowlands Pace. Along with the North America Cup, Little Brown Jug and Breeders Crown, the Pace is among the most prestigious races in the world for 3-year-old pacing colts and geldings.
Here are the fields:
PP – HORSE – DRIVER – TRAINER – ODDS
1 – Mirage Hanover – Tim Tetrick – Jake Leamon – 7-2
2 – Gem Quality – Dexter Dunn – Chris Ryder – 6-1
3 – Legendary Hanover – James MacDonald – Anthony Beaton – 3-1
4 – Captain’s Quarters – Jody Jamieson – Herbert Holland – 5-2
5 – Number Cruncher – Scott Zeron – Erv Miller – 12-1
6 – Ivy Park – Yannick Gingras – Nancy Takter – 15-1
7 – Better Is Nice – Andrew McCarthy – Tony Alagna – 8-1
8 – Miki Ray – Louis Roy – Andrew Harris – 20-1
9 – Remember The Alamo – Todd McCarthy – Tony Alagna – 10-1
PP – HORSE – DRIVER – TRAINER – ODDS
1 – Nuclear – Andy Miller – Joe Holloway – 10-1
2 – McCrunch – Yannick Gingras – Nancy Takter – 8-1
3 – Its Saturday Night – Andrew McCarthy – Nifty Norman – 12-1
4 – Captain Albano – Todd McCarthy – Noel Daley – 7-2
5 – Nijinsky – Louis Roy – Anthony Beaton – 5-2
6 – Funtime Bayama – Dexter Dunn – Andrew Harris – 3-1
7 – Huntingforchrome – Matt Kakaley – Travis Alexander – 15-1
8 – Captain Luke – Scott Zeron – Tony Alagna – 6-1
The Graduate finals will also be contested this Saturday as part of the FOX Sports broadcast. The series, which is restricted to 4-year-olds, plays a major role in keeping our equine stars on the racetrack.
Here are the fields:
PP – HORSE – DRIVER – TRAINER – ODDS
1 – Kierkegaard K – Ake Svanstedt – Ake Svanstedt – 12-1
2 – Chapercraz – Yannick Gingras – Ron Burke – 10-1
3 – Hasty Bid – James MacDonald – Nancy Takter – 3-1
4 – Ghostly Caper – Louis Roy – Benoit Baillargeon – 12-1
5 – Winner’s Bet – Dexter Dunn – Nancy Takter – 2-1
6 – Black Magic – Scott Zeron – Linda Toscano – 15-1
7 – Khaosan Road – Jason Bartlett – Ake Svanstedt – 20-1
8 – Oh Well – Todd McCarthy – Marcus Melander – 8-1
9 – Special Way – Tim Tetrick – Ake Svanstedt – 9-2
10 – Ponda Jet – David Miller – Jay Hochstetler – 6-1
PP – HORSE – DRIVER – TRAINER – ODDS
1 – Huntinthelastdolar – Yannick Gingras – Per Engblom – 3-1
2 – Redwood Hanover – Andrew McCarthy – Anthony Beaton – 10-1
3 – Seven Colors – Dexter Dunn – Andrew Harris – 8-1
4 – Seafire – Scott Zeron – Brian Brown – 12-1
5 – Coach Stefanos – James MacDonald – Erv Miller – 7-2
6 – Voukefalas – Jordan Stratton – Michael Russo – 9-2
7 – No Control – Jody Jamieson – Tan Micallef – 10-1
8 – Act Fast – Todd McCarthy – Ron Burke – 15-1
9 – Ken Hanover – David Miller – Roland Mallar – 5-2
10 – Christchurch – Jason Bartlett – Todd Luther – 15-1
Speaking of FOX Sports, their continued excellence has elevated our sport. This is only the beginning of showing the best of the best to a national audience.
Here is the tentative schedule for The Big M broadcasts with the marquee event(s) that will be shown. Where not listed, specific networks – FOX, FS1 or FS2 – will be determined:
RIVALRY HEATS UP: Looking back at last Saturday (June 29), the two early Hambletonian favorites remained undefeated as Karl and T C I won their respective divisions of the W.N. Reynolds at The Big M.
T C I is scheduled to compete in the Dr. Harry Zweig Memorial today (Thursday, July 4) at Vernon Downs, and a victory would make the drama build even more for what the harness world is waiting for: a Karl vs. T C I showdown in the Aug. 3, $1-million Hambletonian, which will be broadcast coast-to-coast on FOX (Ch. 5 in New York and New Jersey) at 4:30 p.m.
Of course, The Big M will also have a Friday (July 5) race card this week, and that 15-dash program features seven divisions of the second leg of the Kindergarten Series for 2-year-olds of each sex and gait. Many of the newcomers you will see have been showing off on Saturday mornings at Breakfast with the Babies at The Meadowlands, where players who want to get a leg up can view the action live here.
THE SKED: Live racing takes place every Friday and Saturday at The Meadowlands with a first-race post time of 6:20 p.m.
The Big M’s live “Racing from The Meadowlands” pregame show begins every racing night at 5:45 p.m.
Racing will take place every Friday and Saturday through Aug. 3. Post time is always 6:20 p.m. with the exception of Aug. 3, Hambletonian Day, when post time is noon.
THIS SATURDAY’S SKED: Post time for the 11th and final race this Saturday (July 6) is 10:45 p.m. so that the fireworks show can begin promptly at 11 p.m.
MEADOWLANDS PACE NIGHT: The Pace Night card – which can be seen live on FS2 – has a laundry list of stakes events on one of the biggest nights of the year in the sport.
They are:
GET READY TO PARTY: Come and be a part of the “Biggest Party in Harness Racing” on Meadowlands Pace Night, Saturday, July 13.
The track’s signature event features the following festivities:
For complete information, and to make reservations, go here.
FREE PROGRAMS EVERY NIGHT: Past performances for every race of every Meadowlands card are available free of charge. All one has to do is go to here to access the information.
“X” MARKS THE SPOT: Everything Meadowlands is available by going on X (formerly known as Twitter). You can check in with the Big M team for early changes, racing information and staff selections by going to @themeadowlands or #playbigm.
Stay in touch with The Big M team of Jessica Otten (@JessicaOtten1), Dave Little (@DaveLittleBigM) and Ken Warkentin (@kenvoiceover).
RALLIS’ RACE REVIEWS: For some help with your handicapping, check out the race reviews of The Big M’s morning-line oddsmaker and program analyst, John Rallis.
Rallis’ reviews are available 48 hours before a given card, and all one has to do to access the information is go to here, go to the “handicapping” tab, then click “race reviews.”
BRING THE KIDS, WIN A CAR: When you come to The Meadowlands, you can make a score at the windows. But now, you could also walk away with a brand new 2024 Toyota Camry LE AWD by participating in the track’s HorsePlay Giveaway, which takes place every race day until Friday, Aug. 2.
The HorsePlay Giveaway is sponsored by Purple Haze Stables.
The contest has patrons throwing little plastic horses into the car that will be given away for a chance to win it. Of those horses that end up on the track, the kids can get involved. Children who help out picking up the plastic horses off the track will receive a free ice cream at the Café.
For complete information, and to enter this extremely popular promotion, go here.
From The Meadowlands
Harnesslink.com is the only harness racing website dedicated to covering news and events in the Standardbred Industry world-wide.
Contact Us
Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2024 Harnesslink | All Rights Reserved | NV
© 2024 Harnesslink  |  All Rights Reserved  |   NV.