The news was shared over the weekend at ComplexCon 2024 in Las Vegas, Nev., with Triple H sharing the news onstage.
Monday Night Raw, the long-running live WWE wrestling program featuring some of the promotion’s biggest names, will soon get the Netflix treatment in a live airing happening at the top of next year. During the broadcast, Travis Scott will be on hand to deliver a new theme song at the Intuit Dome for Monday Night Raw according to WWE Chief Content Officer, Triple H.
The news was announced on the second night of ComplexCon during Travis Scott’s closing set, held on the main stage at the Los Angeles Convention Center. As seen on video, Triple H, real name Paul Levesque, came out on stage with a WWE belt in hand and shared that Scott will be bringing the rage with the new Monday Night Raw theme song in the promotion’s first live show via Netflix, which is jumping into the live sports arena with two feet.
More from WWE:
 


					Related Stories
				





20 Rap Songs That Name-Drop Halle Berry






The WWE’s MAGA Problem Is Making It Hard For Some Fans To Be Excited About Wrestlemania 41






Travis Scott Turns Coachella Into His Own Rager






The announcement was made by WWE Chief Content Officer Paul “Triple H” Levesque and Travis Scott on stage from his sold-out concert at ComplexCon in Las Vegas. Scott, who will be at the January 6 Netflix debut, also revealed his new music will serve as the theme song for RAW.
The premiere episode of Monday Night RAW on Netflix will feature some of the biggest names in WWE such as John Cena, Undisputed WWE Champion “The American Nightmare” Cody Rhodes, Roman Reigns, CM Punk, Bianca Belair, in addition to many other Superstars and surprise guests.
This partnership marks a new era for WWE fans, with the much-anticipated debut of live weekly programming with can’t-miss action unfolding 52-weeks a year on Netflix.
Tickets for the Netflix debut of WWE’s Monday Night Raw will go on sale this coming Friday (November 22) at 10 am PT/1 pm ET by way of Ticketmaster.
A presale event launches on Wednesday (November 2) at 10 am PT/1 pm ET. To sign up for an exclusive presale offer, click here. Raw priority passes are also available from the On Location platform, offering exclusive promotions for the biggest fans. Learn more here.
—
Photo: Getty


WWE & Netflix Announce Debut ‘Monday Night Raw’ Airing Will Feature Travis Scott Theme Song 
						was originally published on
						hiphopwired.com



Related Tags


					We care about your data. See our privacy policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.