Carson Now

					Your One Stop for Carson City News				
A 30-year-old Carson City man on probation and not allowed to drink alcohol as a condition of his probation was arrested early Friday on felony suspicion of giving an officer a false name to avoid prosecution, a Carson City sheriff’s deputy said.
Tom Matthew was arrested at 1:01 a.m. at a casino in the 1800 block of North Edmonds Drive. According to the arrest report, the man was asked for identification. He identified himself with a name of “Christopher” and said he didn’t have identification with him. When the deputy asked him for his birthday, the man said he didn’t remember. 
Another deputy told Matthew that he looked familiar. The man said to the deputy that he was probably thinking of his brother Christopher and then corrected himself and said “Nick” was his brother.
Matthew was detained and deputies found his real identification in his wallet. A computer check showed Matthew to be on alternative sentencing with a “no alcohol” clause. He provided a .123 preliminary breath test. Bail: $10,500. 
In other arrests:
— A 36-year-old Carson City man, Michael Travis Winn, was booked Friday into Carson City jail on a felony warrant, robbery with a deadly weapon, issued April 26, 2016 out of Carson City Justice Court. Bail: $50,000.
— A 43-year-old Sparks man, Cory Scott Rogers, was booked Friday into Carson City Jail on a felony warrant, suspicion of unlawful taking of a controlled substance, issued out of Carson City Justice Court from July 2014. Bail: $7,500.
— A 33-year-old Carson City man was arrested early Saturday, 3:26 a.m. in the 2000 block of West College Parkway on suspicion of misdemeanor battery.
According to the arrest report, officers responded to a reported battery at 2:57 a.m. Dispatch advised that a second reporting person said she heard a male subject hit the original reporting person.
Deputies arrived and spoke with the victim who said her neighbor was being loud in the apartment next to her in which they share a common kitchen area. She said she asked him to turn the television down. The man called her a name and told her to go back to sleep. She said she again asked him to turn down the television and advised if he didn’t she was calling the sheriff’s office. The man called her a name a second time.
The victim said then man then knocked on her door and got in her face. She said he hit her on the right side of her face with a closed fist. The woman said she hit him back to protect herself, the arrest report states. The officer observed a light red mark on the side of her jaw.
The officer made contact with the suspect who initially denied being involved. He appeared extremely intoxicated and admitted to being drunk and smoking marijuana. He said the woman hit him first. He did not show any signs of battery. The man was arrested. In the pre-booking area at jail the man said he did hit the woman in the face first because she was a big woman and said after he hit her, she hit him back. Bail: $1,137.
— A 25-year-old Carson City woman was arrested Saturday, 4:30 a.m. in the area of Fleischmann Way and Curry Street on suspicion of misdemeanor DUI second offense, suspended registration and gross misdemeanor possession of dangerous drugs without a prescription, a Carson City sheriff’s deputy said. 
According to the arrest report, deputies were called to a motel in the 1400 block of North Carson Street and spoke with a reporting witness who advised he and his girlfriend were in an argument and she threw a chair through his window and fled in a blue Honda Pilot.
The suspect then drove past the officer and the reporting witness. Deputies located the vehicle at Fleischmann Way and Curry streets. The woman had exited the driver’s side and was speaking with a driver of a second vehicle. The woman said she had been battered in the head. She said the reporting witness threw the chair at her windshield causing damage. She said she did not report the incident. 
The woman had a strong odor of alcohol, red watery eyes, flush complexion and admitted to drinking shots of vodka that day. She submitted to three field sobriety tests and showed impairment on all tests. She was taken into custody. Dispatch advised the registration on her vehicle was suspended through California DMV. Dispatch located a prior DUI conviction in September 2011. She was arrested on suspicion of DUI second, the arrest report states.
During the vehicle inventory the officer located prescription Tramadol and three hydrocodone pills. She did not have a prescription for the Tramadol pills. She was also booked on suspicion of possession of a dangerous drug without a prescription. Bail: $5,329.
— A 31-year-old Minden man was arrested Friday, 11:15 p.m. in the area of Lone Mountain and Winnie streets on misdemeanor suspicion of driven under the influence of drugs, possession of drug paraphernalia, driving on a suspended license and failure to use headlamps. 
According to the arrest report, the man was stopped after driving his black Cadillac sedan past a patrol car without its headlights on. The deputy conducted a traffic stop. There was a strong odor of marijuana coming from the vehicle. The man was unable to produce documents the officer requested and began talking non-stop to the officer. When the deputy asked for the vehicle registration, the man handed the deputy a receipt.
Due to odor of marijuana, the officer asked the man if he had recently smoked marijuana. He said he had and had the can he smoked out of in the car. A canine unit was called to the location and the man gave consent to search the vehicle. The canine conducted an exterior sniff of the vehicle and came back with a positive alert for drugs, the arrest report states.
The officer found the can with holes in it and a small amount of marijuana residue on it. He was asked if he would voluntarily perform standardized field sobriety tests. While asking the man standard medical questions, he admitted to smoking marijuana and taking Adderall. 
During the sobriety tests the man’s behavior was erratic, becoming extremely agitated and then calm. He displayed signs of impairment and admission to using drugs prior to driving his car. He was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence of drugs. The man would not voluntarily submit to an evidentiary blood test. A judge was contacted and a search warrant was granted for a blood test. Bail: $2,983.
— A 59-year-old transient was arrested Friday, 9:23 p.m. in the area of Stewart and Spear streets on suspicion of misdemeanor trespassing. Bail: $242.
— An 18-year-old Carson City man was arrested Friday, 9:54 a.m. in the 1300 block of La Loma Drive on a misdemeanor contempt of court warrant issued May 4, 2016 out of Carson City Justice Court. Bail: $3,000.
— A 28-year-old Dayton man was booked Friday into Carson City Jail on a misdemeanor contempt of court warrant issued March 8, 2016 out of Carson City Justice Court. Bail: $500.
All information for the crime log (unless otherwise noted) comes from the arrest reports supplied by the Carson City Sheriff’s Office, and is considered by law to be public information. All subjects are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. The policy of Carson Now is to name anyone who is arrested for a felony offense.
We encourage our readers to submit news, press releases, photos, videos and calendar events to Carson Now. 
Find your new job here. 
Most content submitted to Carson Now is covered under Creative Commons license