Christmas has long been a time for family, with loved ones coming together from near and far to enjoy festive celebrations, delicious food, and joyful moments. However, the idea of a 'traditional' family has changed over the years.
Today, blended families are more common, whether through remarriage involving children from previous relationships or by maintaining friendly ties with ex-partners for the benefit of the children.
Notable examples include Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker, perhaps the most well-known blended family, as well as her sister Khloé, who co-parents closely with her ex, Tristan Thompson, to ensure their young children, True and Tatum, have a happy and fulfilling upbringing, reports the Mirror.
Ultimately, couples who can put aside their differences - especially during the festive period - for the sake of their children's happiness can have a meaningful positive impact.
Relationship expert Tina Wilson highlights the advantages of separated families celebrating Christmas together, noting, "Christmas is primarily a holiday for children."
She told OK!: "If the couple have young children then it would benefit them greatly if both parents were there, even for a short period, to make magical memories for the future."
Let's take a look at some examples of ex-couples who have come together for Christmas...
Chloe Madeley and her daughter Bodhi took part in a festive family outing to the VIP launch of Christmas at Kenwood in London last year. She was joined by her parents, Richard and Judy, as well as her brother Jack, who brought his son along.
While the family enjoyed some holiday cheer, Chloe had also been previously spotted having lunch with Bodhi and her ex, James Haskell, whom she separated from last October.
A source told The Sun that a romantic reunion between the pair was off the cards and they were "out for a friendly lunch while they still work out how to co-parent." The source added: "Just because they aren't together, it doesn't mean they won't stay friendly," hinting that the ex couple catch up over the holiday period for their daughter's sake.
During Christmas 2022, Paddy and Christine McGuinness reportedly spent the day together despite splitting up in July of that year. They share three children together, twins Leo and Penelope and Felicity. A source told OK! in 2022 that Christine feels stability is essential for her children, and despite the couple separating, the kids still required a "routine".
"They don't want to disrupt that. Nothing will be different just because they're no longer together," the source revealed.
Since Christine and Paddy have insisted they remain "good friends" and even spent last Christmas together, it's likely they'll continue the tradition this year.
Join the Daily Record's WhatsApp community here and get the latest news sent straight to your messages.
In 2022, the Coronation Street actress Helen Flanagan and her partner, footballer Scott Sinclair, broke up after 13 years together. They share three children together, Matilda, Delilah and Charlie.
Two years ago, it was reported that Helen and Scott planned to spend the Christmas season together for the sake of their children and to maintain a sense of order.
A source shared with OK! at the time: "Despite the split, Helen wants Scott in their children's lives. She's very fond of him and they get on well. She wants him to be around for Christmas so they'll do something as a family. She wants the best for the kids."
Get the latest celebrity gossip and telly news sent straight to your inbox. Sign up to our daily Showbiz newsletter here .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.