The tragedy took place at the annual concert in 2021. 

							By 

	Amber Corrine

Staff Writer, News

Travis $cott is asking to be dismissed from lawsuits that followed fatal deaths that took place at Astroworld in 2021. The rapper has double downed on his innocence in the whole ordeal stating that it’s “not the job of performing artists” to ensure security at concerts.

	According to Billboard, there are currently more than 2,500 people that have sued over Astroworld, which resulted in 10 fatalities and many more injuries. Back in November 2021, Scott, née Jacques Bermon Webster II, and Live Nation were accused of being “legally negligent” in the production of the event. Now, the annual concert has been hit with billions in damages.

	










	In a motion filed in Houston on Monday (Mar. 25), Scott’s legal team argued that the 32-year-old shouldn’t be held responsible for the tragic concert as he was “merely an onstage performer.” Lawyers added that he’s not legally liable for Astroworld injuries and deaths.
















	Related Story
	



	
		
					Travis $cott Holds 5th Annual Winter Wonderland Holiday Giveback At TSU		
			







	“Like any other adrenaline-inducing diversion, music festivals must balance exhilaration with safety and security—but that balance is not the job of performing artists, even those involved in promoting and marketing performances,” lawyer, Daniel Petrocelli stated. “Which only makes sense: Performing artists, even those who engage in certain promotional activities, have no inherent expertise or specialized knowledge in concert safety measures, venue security protocols, or site-design.”

	He added, “No one disputes that tragedy struck the Astroworld Festival. But promoting and performing at a concert do not equate to the power to control a crowd or to design a venue safely. Basic tort principles prevent imposing liability on the Scott defendants for a tragedy arising from forces legally controlled by others.”

	The first trial in the combined class action lawsuit is reportedly scheduled to begin on May 6.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.