Today's e-Edition
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Get Morning Report and other email newsletters
Today's e-Edition

			Trending:		
Rapper Travis Scott was arrested in Paris, where the Olympic Games are currently underway, after he tussled with a security guard and his own bodyguard at a luxury hotel, officials said Friday.
“I can confirm that on August 9, 2024, police officers were called to the George V hotel and arrested the rapper nicknamed Travis Scott for assaulting a security guard,” the Paris prosecutor’s officer said in a statement to NBC News.
“The security guard had intervened to separate the rapper from his bodyguard,” the statement continued. “The Paris public prosecutor’s office has referred the case to the 1st district of the judicial police.”
Authorities were called to the hotel, a swanky spot boasting fine dining and views of the Eiffel Tower, around 5 a.m. to break up the fight, police told CNN. The “Sicko Mode” artist was subsequently taken into custody for “violence against another person.”
It does not appear anyone was seriously injured in the confrontation.
Police did not provide further details.
So far, no charges have been announced and it’s unclear whether or not the rapper is still in custody as of late Friday.
The 33-year-old “Goosebumps” singer has not yet personally addressed or reacted to the arrest. A representative for Scott said they are “in direct communication with Parisian authorities to swiftly resolve this matter.”
Scott — whose real name is Jacques Bermon Webster II — was in Paris for the Olympics. He was photographed sitting courtside on Thursday with fellow rapper Quavo during the men’s Olympic basketball semifinal.
The faceoff saw the United States team come from behind to beat Serbia, paving the way for their gold medal match against France on Friday.
Related Articles


			Ruth Buzzi dies at 88; actor co-starred in groundbreaking sketch comedy ‘Laugh-In’		




			East Bay director shot by Alec Baldwin disses actor’s reality TV show		




			50 years later, Kiss legend Gene Simmons reflects on ‘Rock and Roll All Nite’		




			Hugh Jackman ripped for Blake Lively support amid Sutton Foster drama		




			Who is Jeff Sperbeck? NFL agent who fell from golf cart driven by John Elway had Bay Area ties		

The rapper’s run-in with Paris authorities comes just over a month after his June arrest in Miami for trespassing on property and disorderly intoxication. The latter charge was dropped Thursday, though prosecutors still intend to move forward with the trespassing charge, TMZ reported.
“Mr. Scott was briefly detained due to a misunderstanding,” his attorney Bradford Cohen said in a statement at the time. “There was absolutely no physical altercation involved, and we thank the authorities for working with us towards a swift and amicable resolution.”
Scott, who shares two children with ex-girlfriend Kylie Jenner, is currently one of the biggest names in hip-hop. More than 100 of his songs have landed on the Billboard Hot 100, among them four chart-topping singles: “Sicko Mode,” “Highest in the Room,” “The Scotts” and “Franchise.”
The performer also recently wrapped the European leg of his Circus Maximus tour, which saw him play at arenas across North America and Europe, including a show at Tottenham Hotspur’s 62,000-seater soccer stadium in London.
Perhaps best known for his rowdy and raucous shows, Scott courted controversy in 2021, after 10 people died during a crowd surge at his Astroworld Festival, an annual musical event he’d been hosting at NRG Park in Houston. The victims ranged in age from 9 to 27 years old.
With News Wire Services
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group