Another summer taking cover because Taylor Swift is doing things her fans don't understand…yet. 
After all, the camera flashes and welcome bashes were abuzz in London's Notting Hill neighborhood June 11 as the "Karma" singer hit the town with friends, donning a possible Easter egg that had her eagle-eyed fans taking note. 
For the night out, Taylor was joined by longtime pals Lena Dunham, Este Haim, Daniella Haim and Cara Delevingne, as well as Stella McCartney—whose designs Taylor often sports—Kate Moss, and Fleabag stars Andrew Scott and Phoebe Waller-Bridge. 
But one despite the A-list crowd, it was Taylor's outfit that took center stage. Decked out in a black corset top and flared pants with red pointed toe heels, the Grammy winner also dug up a clock choker necklace from her archives.
While the outfit, or rather accessory, repeating—though not entirely Taylor's forte—wouldn't be worthy of such fuss in its own right, the last time Taylor wore the aforementioned charm was on the night of the 2024 Grammys.
At the February ceremony, Taylor walked home with her 13th and 14th Grammy wins for Midnights—including a record-breaking fourth Album of the Year title—and announced her 11th studio album, The Tortured Poets Department. 
"This is my 13th Grammy, which is my lucky number, I don't know if I've ever told you that," Taylor said on stage during the Feb. 4 ceremony. "So I want to say thank you to the fans by telling you a secret that I've been keeping from you for the last two years, which is that my brand new album comes out April 19."
This new development has caused one popular fan account online to wonder, "What is she up to?" Meanwhile, other fans have noted that the singer's first big night out in a while is just before her 100th Eras Tour show. 
In addition to the upcoming Liverpool show falling on June 13th, Taylor's lucky number, it also coincidentally falls on the Miss Americana star's half birthday. And after Taylor's possible latest hint, Swifties have tossed out dozens of theories—including a music video, a movie or rerecording announcements—as to what is in store for her next performance. 
Until then, keep in mind that Taylor is only cryptic and Machiavellian because she cares, and see every highlight from the Eras Tour so far. 
The comedian and wife Elle Key turned the Eras Tour into a date night in Toronto, Canada. He tweeted in November 2024, "And the night is just getting started! So excited to be at my first @taylorswift13 concert."
Billy Joel
"Our family attended the Taylor Swift concert at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami where Billy Joel/Elton John’s ‘Face to Face’ concert previously held the seating record," he wrote on Instagram. "Taylor’s second concert at Hard Rock Miami set a new record and ushered in a new era at Hard Rock Stadium. We were so happy to be a part of this record-breaking concert!  Plus, we got to celebrate with her mama. Celebrating someone’s success does not negate your own.  She is showing our girls all that is possible. Onward and upward."
Ashley Tisdale
"My little swiftie," the High School Musical alum wrote on October 2024. "Safe to say Jupiter loved her first concert."
Travis Kelce, Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor made her relationship with Travis Instagram official June 21, 2024, with the help of the royal family as they all joined her backstage at her concert in Wembley Stadium in London.
Prince William, Princess Charlotte & Prince George
Taylor also took another selfie with the royal family at her Wembley show.
Nicola Coughlan, Cara Delevingne & Jonathan Van Ness
The trio united in the VIP tent in London on June 21, 2024. 
Leslie Mann & Jonathan Van Ness
The Knocked Up actress also hung out with the Queer Eye alum at the Wembley concert.
Travis Kelce & Jonathan Van Ness
The NFL star was a true London Boy at Wembley Stadium with the Queer Eye star.
Jonathan Van Ness & Nicola Coughlan
Dearest reader, how adorable is this friendship?
Gayle King & Channing Tatum
The two bumped into each other at one of the singer's shows at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, Calif. in August 2023.
Channing Tatum
The Step Up star showcased his dance moves.
Christina Milian
The "Dip It Low" singer and her teen daughter Violet were in a lavender haze at Taylor's Paris show in May 2024.
Jessica Capshaw
The Grey's Anatomy actress attended the Eras Tour in France in May 2024, captioning this pic with the Midnights lyric, "Cause we were in Paris."
Travis Kelce & Rita Ora
"It’s fair to say Sydney always delivers," Rita Ora captioned Instagram photos from Taylor's Feb. 23 show, including a snap with Travis Kelce. "Or shall we say our TayTay @taylorswift always delivers!”
Taika Waititi, Taylor Swift & Rita Ora
Taylor's dad Scott Swift delivered an epic photobomb.
Katy Perry
"Got to see an old friend shine tonight," Katy Perry captioned footage on Instagram from the Feb. 23 concert.
Tom DeLonge & Rebel Wilson
The Blink-182 rocker—whose band was playing near Taylor's Sydney venue on the same day—and the Pitch Perfect alum hung out in the VIP tent.
The Oscar winner captioned the moment with friends in Mexico City, "Spamming u w really good @taylorswift Eras Tour content."
The Pretty Little Liars star attended with friends Morgan Pesante, Katie Greenthal and Claire Leahy. "Omg??? @taylorswift putting on a show that was so good I can't even process," she wrote. "Nostalgic, empowering, and sparkly."
The "Bad at Love" singer got in the spirit by making friendship bracelets to trade with fans during the last Los Angeles show.
Mariska Hargitay & Savannah Guthrie
"Still in the afterglow of the most magical night," the Law & Order: Special Victims Unit star wrote on Instagram Aug. 9 after a bejeweled night out in L.A. "Deepest gratitude to @taylorswift for your poetry and wisdom. You inspire us and connect us to our #delicate tenderness, joy, hope and strength—and most of all, our wish to live and love courageously."
Sharing pics from an L.A. show, Chris Olsen quoted the T.Swift lyrics in his caption, "I DON'T KNOW HOW IT GETS BETTER THAN THIS."
"Eras tour (Dylan's version)," the influencer captioned fits of her rocking a Stella McCartney outfit. "@taylorswift you are a goddess best night ever."
Spencer Pratt & Heidi Montag
The Hills stars filled a blank space in their calendar with a date night in Los Angeles at the Eras Tour. Heidi Montag captioned their pics, "This was the concert of a lifetime! Legendary! Thank you for the tickets @taylorswift."
Jessica Alba & Cash Warren
"@taylorswift with the fam," Jessica Alba wrote, "what a show!" She and husband Cash Warren celebrated their love story by taking their kids Honor, Haven and Hayes.
The Mad Max star danced to "Shake It off" with her kids August and Jackson. "Thank you for the best birthday ever @taylorswift!!!" she wrote. "We had such a great f--king time."
Paula Abdul & Vince Vaughn
"What a SHOW," Paula Abdul wrote while posting for a photo with Vince Vaughn and Taylor's parents Scott and Andrea Swift in Los Angeles.
James Kennedy, Paula Abdul, Scheana Shay & Ally Lewber
The Vanderpump Rules stars made their wildest dreams come true on the floor with Paula.
The "No One singer" attended the Aug. 5 show at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with her 8-year-old son Genesis.
The actress attended one of Swift's shows at SoFi Stadium in Los Angeles with Anastasia Beverly Hills cosmetics founder Anastasia Soare and her daughter, Claudia.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.