Classifieds
Archive
Sign Up
Donate
Classifieds
Archive
Sign Up
Donate
  |  Source: Baptist Press
Laura Erlanson / Baptist Press
Share this article
NEW ORLEANS (BP)—Nearly a year after its original dismissal, attorneys argued the merits of a lawsuit against Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary and Paige Patterson, the school’s former president, before a three-judge appeals court panel April 3.
Plaintiff “Jane Roe” filed suit against Patterson and the seminary in 2019, claiming negligence, violation of privacy and defamation. She alleges she was sexually assaulted at gunpoint on at least three occasions in late 2014 and early 2015 by “John Doe,” a student with a criminal history, who also was employed as a plumber by the school.
Claims against both parties were dismissed April 6 of last year by the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, but Roe appealed.
Ultimately, she seeks a jury trial on the facts of the case. Due to the sensitive nature of her allegations, many of the case’s documents have been sealed.
In the April 3 hearing, Roe’s attorney, Sheila Haddock, focused her argument on two of her client’s claims—a defamation claim against Patterson and a negligence claim against Southwestern Seminary.
The defamation allegation comes from statements made in defense of Patterson after Roe’s sexual assault claims came to light. Patterson’s handling of the incident was one of the issues considered by Southwestern Seminary trustees prior to his termination in 2018.
In the weeks following Patterson’s departure, his supporters released and distributed information attempting to explain and/or defend his actions.
Roe maintains that some of the claims in those documents—including allegations she made false statements and had consensual sex outside of marriage—are defamatory toward her.
In court, Haddock argued some of the documents’ authors, including Sharaya Colter, wife of longtime Patterson aide Scott Colter, were acting as “agents” of Patterson in writing and disseminating the articles.
In his rebuttal, Patterson’s attorney, Travis Jones, said there was no evidence Patterson authorized any parties to make public statements on his behalf. He also asserted most of the assertions in the documents do not constitute “defamation per se.”
“The record evidence is that there’s no evidence tying Dr. Patterson to any of these alleged defamatory statements,” Jones said. “Nothing occurred within the scope of the agency relationship.”
With regard to the negligence charge against the seminary, attorney Brian Rutherford said none of the evidence submitted shows seminary officials could have foreseen Doe would commit sexual assault against Roe. He also argued the school followed its normal admission and hiring procedures with regard to Doe.
Finally, Rutherford said, since Patterson’s employment at Southwestern Seminary had ended prior to the dissemination of the alleged defamatory material, his client, the seminary, should be dismissed from those claims.
In her closing arguments, Haddock urged the judges to allow the case to proceed to trial.
“There are disputed fact issues even within just the testimony that was offered in support of a defendant’s motions for summary judgment,” she said. “And this court has told us that in cases like that, summary judgment is simply not appropriate.”
We seek to connect God’s story and God’s people around the world. To learn more about God’s story, click here.
Send comments and feedback to Eric Black, our editor. For comments to be published, please specify “letter to the editor.” Maximum length for publication is 300 words.
Tags: Baptists
Share this article