By 

	Emiliana Betancourt


Adam Sandler is back on the golf course in the first teaser for Netflix’s “Happy Gilmore 2,” nearly 29 years after the original movie became one of his most beloved roles.

	Netflix and Adam Sandler posted the first teaser for “Happy Gilmore 2” early on Christmas, as the streamer broadcast two NFL games live on the platform for the first time ever.

	Sandler’s professional golfer returns for the sequel, coming to Netflix in 2025, with some old and new companions. Julie Bowen is back as Virginia Venit, Happy’s love interest, and so is Christopher McDonald as rival golfer Shooter McGavin. Newcomers to the sequel include Bad Bunny, “The Substance” star Margaret Qualley, comedian and longtime Sandler collaborator Nick Swardson, NFL superstar Travis Kelce, Scott Mescudi, aka rapper Kid Cudi, and Benny Safdie, who directed Sandler in “Uncut Gems.”

	










			Popular on Variety		







	
	
		
					Related Stories		
	















	VIP+
	



	
		
					2025 NBA Playoffs Hold Promise of a Ratings Rebound 		
			














	
		
					Netflix's Ted Sarandos Addresses 'Outdated' Comment, Highlights $2 Billion Economic Impact in India at WAVES Summit		
			








	Kyle Newacheck, who directed Sandler and Jennifer Aniston in Netflix’s “Murder Mystery,” is helming “Happy Gilmore 2.” The sequel is co-written by Tim Herlihy from the original movie. Dennis Dugan, the first film’s director, will executive produce, with Jack Giarraputo and Robert Simonds producing.

	In the first movie, Sandler’s Happy Gilmore, who’s out of control, in need of anger management and a star hockey player, is on a mission to repay his grandmother’s taxes. He decides to enter a professional golf competition with the hopes of winning the big cash prize. This leads the unlikely hero down an atypical adventure that even results in a full on fist fight with the at-the-time host of “The Price Is Right” Bob Baker. 

	Watch the teaser for “Happy Gilmore 2” below. 
A post shared by Adam Sandler (@adamsandler)
The Business of Entertainment