Let's face it. Everyone looks forward to June. While the Memorial Day Weekend in May has unofficially kicked us into summer, June brings the real deal. The school year is over, and the season of baseball, barbecues, beaches and brides is here. June brings us Flag Day and Father's Day. Unfortunately, June also brings us fires, lots and lots of fires. Some of the U.S. fire service's deadliest fires have occurred in June. Here is a look back at some of them. 
On June 14, 2017, a fire broke out at the 24-story Grenfell Tower residential building in North Kensington, West London. The fire started on the fourth floor around 1 a.m. The fire rapidly spread upwards, fueled by the building's flammable aluminum composite cladding installed during a recent renovation. More than 40 fire engines and over 200 firefighters responded. Despite a call for residents to “stay put” in their apartments, many tried to flee. The fire claimed the lives of 72 people. It was the country’s deadliest fire since World War II.
A faulty refrigerator was said be the cause of the fire. An investigation found that the cheaper, less fire-resistant cladding that was chosen during the renovation to cut costs, acted as an accelerant and was a major factor in the rapid spread of the flames.
At Firehouse World 2018, London Fire Brigade Assistant Commissioner Graham Ellis discussed the department’s response to what he described as an “unprecedented event.”
A report in 2023 claimed that many of the firefighters who responded that day have been diagnosed with incurable cancers.
On June 17, 1972, several workers began a brick sandblasting project on the seventh floor of the Hotel Vendome in Boston. They soon noticed smoke coming from the upper floors. They called the fire department and evacuated approximately 100 people.
Upon arrival, District Fire Chief William Doherty ordered a working fire which was transmitted at 2:44 p.m. hours. By 3:06, the fire had grown to a fourth alarm. 
At 5:28 p.m., without warning, the southeast corner of the building, along Dartmouth Street and the rear alley, collapsed. The collapse crushed the aerial ladder truck of Ladder 15 in the rear alley.
Nine firefighters were injured and nine more were sadly lost.
On June 17, 2001, Father’s Day, a fire broke out at the Long Island General Supply store in Astoria, Queens, NY. The store carried a wide array of products, including propane tanks and other flammable liquids.
As firefighters were working on the fire, witnesses say that they heard a small explosion, followed by a much larger blast. The five-alarm fire, explosions and subsequent collapses killed three FDNY members and injured numerous others.
Those killed were:
The fact that the fire occurred on Father’s Day was traumatic not only to the families, firefighters and fire department, but to the entire City of New York.
On the 10th anniversary of the Father’s Day Fire, then-Firehouse Editor-in-Chief Harvey Eisner interviewed several members who were on scene.
At 7:08 p.m. on June 18, 2007, Charleston, SC, Fire Department firefighters were dispatched to a fire at the Sofa Super Store at 1807 Savannah Highway.
Rescue crews who were attempting to save a worker who was trapped in the building, soon became trapped in the maze-like conditions in the store. Two firefighters were rescued before a flashover occurred and the roof collapsed.
Nine firefighters were killed:
On the 10th anniversary of the event, Dr. David Griffin, who is a Firehouse contributing editor andwas the operator of the first-due engine that day, paid tribute to the nine firefighters who were lost and to those members who were “Still Riding.”
Firehouse also covered the remembrance service on the 10 anniversary.
On June 30, 2013, the Granite Mountain Hotshots, a crew of 20 elite wildland firefighters based in Prescott, AZ, were battling the Yarnell Hill Fire. A sudden shift in the wind caused the fire to quickly change direction. The crew, which had descended into a box canyon, was overtaken by the flames. The fire temperature was reportedly more than 2,000 Fahrenheit. They simply had no chance to escape. Nineteen of the 20 Hotshots were killed. Only Brendan McDonough, who had been serving as a lookout, survived.
The 19 firefighters who died were: Andrew Ashcraft, 29, Robert Caldwell, 23, Travis Carter, 31, Dustin Deford, 24, Christopher MacKenzie, 30, Eric Marsh, 43, Grant McKee, 21, Sean Misner, 26, Scott Norris, 28, Wade Parker, 22, John Percin Jr., 24, Anthony Rose, 23, Jesse Steed, 36, Joe Thurston, 32, Travis Turbyfill, 27, William Warneke, 25, Clayton Whitted, 28, Kevin Woyjeck, 21 and Garret Zuppiger, 27.
The next day, Firehouse presented a slide show of firefighters battling the Yarnell Hill Wildfire.
“On June 30, 2013, the worst tragedy to occur in 80 years in wildland firefighting claimed the lives of 19 Granite Mountain Hotshots in a fire near Yarnell, AZ. Another firefighter who was acting as a lookout, and who was not with the main group, survived.” That is how then-Firehouse Editor-in-Chief Harvey Eisner began his coverage of the memorial service just nine days after the tragedy. A ceremony attended by then-Vice President Joe Biden. Eisner also provided a follow-up to the memorial service coverage.
Months after the tragedy, a local news station obtained the last known recordings of the crew. And Granite Mountain Hotshot Christopher MacKenzie shot these last two video clips, the last known images of the hotshots.
Firehouse News Editor Susan Nicol reported on Los Angeles County Capt. Joseph Woyjeck remembering his son, Kevin, during a session at Firehouse World.
On the 5th anniversary, Amanda Marsh, widow of Eric Marsh, shared her story of the with Firehouse.
On the 10th anniversary, Firehouse provided a livestream of the remembrance ceremony.
June 2, 1983, Hebron, KY—Air Canada DC-9 in-flight fire kills 23
June 3, 1989, Ufa, Russia—Gas pipeline explosion kills 575
June 5, 1973, Chicago—LaSalle Hotel fire kills 61
June 15, 1904, New York City—SS General Slocum steamship fire kills 1,030
June 24, 1973, New Orleans—UpStairs Lounge fire kills 32
June 26, 1977, Columbia, TN—Maury County Jail fire kills 42