Taylor Swift isn’t letting the frigid New York City temperatures keep her away from the recording studio. 
The 34-year-old pop superstar was photographed heading into Greenwich Village’s Electric Lady Studios for a recording session Thursday night after Page Six revealed her and Travis Kelce’s future engagement plans.
She looked extra warm in The Row’s Ieva Hooded Cashmere Maxi Dress ($3,350) paired with a long, black coat.
Swift added black tights to keep her legs covered in the frosty conditions and completed her outfit with chunky black loafers and a beige handbag.
She wore her blond hair down and rocked a coral lipstick rather than her signature red.
The “Cruel Summer” hitmaker has been spotted heading into the historic recording studio multiple times recently, including last week when she rocked a pair of Beyoncé’s Ivy Park sneakers.
For more Page Six you love…
Her latest session comes after an insider told Page Six that Swift and her NFL beau, 34, plan to get engaged this summer. 
Our source said they want to hold off because “they don’t want it to seem like it’s rushed insanity.”
Earlier this week, Philadelphia-based jewelry designer Steven Singer told Page Six that he’s offering Kelce a custom-made ring worth $1 million for the proposal.
“I recognize that the most renowned couple globally has an abundance of options when it comes to choosing engagement rings, should they decide to tie the knot,” he said.
“If they do, I would be honored to help design a truly extraordinary ring exclusively for them.”
While the engagement talk may sound sudden for the couple who began dating last July, the Grammy winner’s father, Scott Swift, has already given the Kansas City Chiefs tight end his blessing for her hand in marriage. 
“Scott has been asked for his blessing and has wholeheartedly given it, and Travis has been talking to friends about a ring,” a source close to Kelce told Page Six last month.
Of course, it’s no secret that Swift has felt “enchanted” to meet the football pro. 
After dating Joe Alwyn for six years in a very private relationship, she opened up about not hiding her new romance in her Time magazine 2023 Person of the Year profile.
“When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care,” she said in December. 
“The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other.”
Advertisement