Manage your account
Forget all the pre-game fretting about whether Taylor Swift would be able to jet across the ocean from her Eras Tour shows in Japan to make it to Las Vegas in time for Sunday’s Super Bowl LVIII. The real headline from the Kansas City Chiefs’ victory over the San Francisco 49ers was that Taylor and boyfriend K.C. tight end Travis Kelce hit the club afterwards… with her folks.
In a TikTok video featuring Ludacris’ raunchy 1999 hit “What’s Your Fantasy” blasting in the background at the Zouk nightclub, Swift captured the always excitable Kelce sticking out his tongue and turning up. The on-screen caption revealed, however, that it was definitely a family affair. “It’s a friends and family party they said,” it read. “Bring your parents they said,” it added, as the camera swung around to Tay’s mom and dad, Andrea and Scott, sitting on a couch as her pops tipped up a cold one and the singer pointed the camera at herself as she comically winced.
More from Billboard
Watch Taylor Swift Chug Her Drink Like a Pro at the 2024 Super Bowl
'Jeopardy!' Contestant Guesses Beyoncé in Category Based on Billboard's '50 Greatest Rappers' List
Tainy Reflects on First Grammy Nom as a Lead Artist: 'I Can't Say It's Overdue'
The video’s caption said it all: “accidentally going clubbing with your parents is something everyone should try at least once in their life.”
It wasn’t all totally awkward mom and dad time, though. Swift and Kelce also danced and sang along to two of her own hits, “Love Story” and “You Belong With Me” at an afterparty, with Taylor smiling and wrapping her arms around the three-time Super Bowl champ’s neck and kissing him while mouthing the lyrics “it’s a love story, baby just say yes.”
The party followed the Chiefs’ second Super Bowl victory in a row, in which they bested the Niners 25-22 at Las Vegas’ Allegiant Stadium. Swift, of course, attended the game with her usual star-studded group of friends – Blake Lively, Ice Spice, Lana Del Rey and Miles Teller, among others – and joined Kelce on the field immediately after KC earned their third Lombardi Trophy in the past five years. There, she watched No. 87 make an emotional speech, and scream “Viva Las Vegas” before kissing him in front of NFL cameras.
Check out Swift’s video below.
Best of Billboard
Janet Jackson's Biggest Billboard Hot 100 Hits
H.E.R. & Chris Brown 'Come Through' to No. 1 on Adult R&B Airplay Chart
Anne Wilson's 'I Still Believe in Christmas' Crowns Christian Airplay Chart