Kardashians star Kylie Jenner appears to have discreetly addressed rumours around her relationship with Timothée Chalamet, amid speculation the pair called it a day.
The unlikely couple stunned the world in 2023, when make-up mogul Kylie, 27, was seen at a slew of events with her new boyfriend after an on-off - and very public - relationship with dad to her kids Travis Scott. But since then, there have been plenty of rumours, with the couple remaining coy about their romance and evading questions from interviewers.
There has also been doubt cast over their relationship status after it appeared that Kylie was shunned from the red carpet with Timothée at his premieres, leading fans to question if they're still together. She also didn't mention him in her social media posts on Valentine's Day.
But online sleuths think they've spotted a sure fire sign that the pair are still involved. At the premiere of Chalamet's new movie, A Complete Unknown, Kylie was missing from the red carpet but was spotted at the star-studded after party in Los Angeles.
Timothée, who portrays songwriter Bob Dylan in the upcoming film, reportedly cosied up with the mum-of-two after she attended the part with her mother, Kris Jenner. Eagle-eyed fans also spotted Chalamet's vocal coach Eric Vetro had posted a photo with his client and Kylie. People also reports that the couple were "pretty affectionate" with each other.
Timothée seems to have wanted to protect his career - and his relationship with Kylie - by remaining low key when it comes to publicity surrounding his private life. The pair confirmed her relationship to the indie film star in September 2023 at a Beyonce concert, although there were signs of their romance as far back as April that year.
Although they've remained largely tight-lipped, Kylie, who has a daughter Stormi, six, and son Aire, two, with her ex, is "incredibly happy". A source told People in August: "She's never been in love like this before. Her family loves him. He's so discreet and always has her back. He's very much a gentleman and everything that Kylie deserves."
Another source told People in October that the pair are a "great couple", confirming that things have become more serious over the past year and a half. They said: "He’s close with her family and she’s close with his family. It’s very serious, but also a fun relationship. They’ve really been able to figure out a good balance between working and spending quality time together."
It also seems that Travis Scott, Kylie's ex with whom she shares her two kids, has got wind of their relationship - and he might not be best please. The rapper appears to diss Timothée, who starred as Willy Wonka in last year's backstory movie about the fictional chocolatier. In his track Meltdown, Scott, 33, raps: "Chocolate AP and chocolate the Vs, got the Willy Wonka factory / Burn a athlete like it’s calories, find another flame hot as me."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.