Rhett Bollinger
This story was excerpted from Rhett Bollinger’s Angels Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.
ANAHEIM -- There’s been no team more active than the Angels so far this offseason, and they’ll look to continue to improve their roster with the annual MLB Winter Meetings coming up on Monday in Dallas.
General manager Perry Minasian has been busy, signing four free agents and swinging three trades, and he’s indicated that he’s looking to do more. The Winter Meetings provide an avenue for Minasian and his staff to meet with the other 29 clubs about potential trades, as well as agents about their free-agent clients.
It’s an event that always brings plenty of intrigue, so here’s a look at what’s in store for the Angels next week:
Key events
Club needs
Minasian hasn’t been shy in saying that the Angels need help everywhere, as they’re coming off a 99-loss season. But he addressed the rotation by signing Yusei Kikuchi and Kyle Hendricks; improved the infield depth by acquiring Kevin Newman, Scott Kingery and Ryan Noda; and also traded for slugger Jorge Soler and signed catcher Travis d’Arnaud to a two-year deal. The Angels, however, haven’t made any additions to their bullpen, and it’s an area that Minasian would like to improve. They’re looking to build around young flamethrowing closer Ben Joyce and Robert Stephenson, who is coming off Tommy John surgery. The bullpen pitched well in the second half with a 3.24 ERA that ranked as the sixth-best mark in the Majors, but Minasian knows you can never have too many effective relief options.
Potential trade candidates
Lefty Tyler Anderson, infielder Luis Rengifo and outfielder Taylor Ward were all rumored as trade candidates at last season’s Deadline, but with the Angels adding pieces this offseason, it appears much less likely that any of them will be moved. But with the addition of Soler, the Angels have a crowded outfield situation, and Mickey Moniak, or possibly Jo Adell, could be viewed as a potential trade candidate. Lefty Reid Detmers also might be a change-of-scenery candidate, as he has impressive stuff but has had trouble with consistency. As far as Minor Leaguers go, the Angels only have a few untouchables, such as right-hander Caden Dana and second baseman Christian Moore.
Prospects to know
Dana, ranked the club’s No. 1 prospect per MLB Pipeline, made his Major League debut late last season despite being just 20 years old. He became the youngest pitcher in club history to win his MLB debut but struggled in his next two starts before being shut down for the season. Dana isn’t likely to make the Opening Day roster, but he could give the rotation a boost later in the season. He’s one of several young pitching prospects who could make an impact in 2025, joining right-hander George Klassen (No. 3) and lefty Sam Aldegheri (No. 8), who were both acquired in the trade that sent Carlos Estévez to the Phillies at the 2024 Deadline.
Moore, ranked as the club’s No. 2 prospect, had an incredible start to his Minor League career after being the No. 8 overall selection in the 2024 MLB Draft and would’ve been a September callup if not for an ill-timed knee injury. But he’ll compete for the starting second baseman job, and if he can adapt quickly and produce like Zach Neto, it would be huge for the organization.
Rule 5 Draft
The Angels protected infielder/outfielder Matthew Lugo and lefty reliever Jack Dashwood from the Rule 5 Draft by adding them both to the 40-man roster. Lugo was acquired in the trade that sent reliever Luis García to the Red Sox, while Dashwood turned heads with an impressive showing in the Arizona Fall League. The Angels don’t appear to be in danger of losing any Minor Leaguers to the Rule 5 Draft. They also haven’t selected a player since 2020 and aren’t likely to do so on Wednesday.
Have the latest news, ticket information, and more from the Angels and MLB delivered right to your inbox.
Burning question
It’ll be interesting to see if the Angels swing a big trade for a bat or an arm -- and how much more they are willing to spend in free agency. They could use another starting pitcher, bullpen help and a corner infielder with power, even after the additions they’ve already made. Kikuchi is likely their biggest splash, as he signed for three years and $63 million, but Minasian hasn’t ruled anything out.