Now 
66
 Sat 
86
 Sun 
81
by RYAN PAINTER | KUTV Staff
TOPICS:
SALT LAKE CITY (KUTV)  — It’s the most wonderful time of the year. The weather is cooling (if only slightly), and the witching hour has officially been extended to last dusk to dawn.
I’ve crawled through the catacombs of my never-ending inbox to compile a list of new films making their way into theaters and on to your favorite streaming services.
I’ve also delved into the dungeons of my wish list to stitch together a handful of collectables that fit within the horror theme.
Synopsis: The infamous Agatha Harkness finds herself down and out of power after a suspicious goth teen helps break her free from a distorted spell. Her interest is piqued when he begs her to take him on the legendary "Witches’ Road," a magical gauntlet of trials that, if survived, rewards a witch with what they’re missing. Together, Agatha and this mysterious teen pull together a desperate coven, and set off down, down, down The Road...
Synopsis:Experience the day the world went quiet in this terrifying continuation of the "A Quiet Place" universe. When Samira (Lupita Nyong’o) returns home to New York City, her simple trip turns into a harrowing nightmare when the mysterious creatures that hunt by sound attack. Accompanied by her cat Frodo and an unexpected ally (Joseph Quinn), Samira must embark on a perilous journey through the city that has suddenly gone silent in which the only rule is to stay quiet to stay alive.
Synopsis: Before CGI, the art of horror was defined by pioneering makeup and effects artists who brought monsters, gore, and uncanny terror to life through genre-defining ingenuity and imagination. While Universal Pictures laid the foundations for Hollywood horror cinema in classic monster movies like "Frankenstein" and "Creature from the Black Lagoon," the art of horror effects underwent a renaissance in the 1970s and ’80s, when visionary artists like Dick Smith ("Scanners"), Rick Baker ("An American Werewolf in London"), Rob Bottin ("The Fog"), and Tom Savini ("Day of the Dead") took the genre to new heights of splattery realism. This selection brings together some of the most audacious triumphs of practical-effects innovation from across horror history, from the genre’s creature-feature origins to the bloody nightmares of the home-video era.
Featuring: Frankenstein (1931), Island of Lost Souls (1932), Bride of Frankenstein (1935), Creature from the Black Lagoon (1954)*, The Curse of the Werewolf (1961)*, Night of the Living Dead (1968), Eraserhead (1977), The Fog (1980), An American Werewolf in London (1981), Scanners (1981), The Entity (1982), The Company of Wolves (1984), Day of the Dead (1985), Lifeforce (1985), The Fly (1986)
Synopsis: In FX’s "Grotesquerie," a series of heinous crimes have unsettled a small community. Detective Lois Tryon feels these crimes are eerily personal, as if someone—or something—is taunting her. With no leads and unsure of where to turn, she accepts the help of Sister Megan. However, they find themselves ensnared in a sinister web that only seems to raise more questions than answers. Starring Travis Kelce, Niecy Nash-Betts, Courtney B. Vance, and Lesley Manville.
Synopsis:An ambitious young dancer Terry Gionoffrio (Julia Garner, "Ozark") dreams of fame and fortune in New York City, but after suffering a devastating injury, an older, wealthy couple (Dianne Wiest, "I Care a Lot," and Kevin McNally, "Pirates of the Caribbean" film series) welcomes her into their home in the luxury apartment building the Bramford. When fellow resident and influential Broadway producer (Jim Sturgess, "Across the Universe") offers her another chance at fame, it seems that all her dreams are finally coming true. However, after an evening she can’t fully remember, disturbing circumstances soon have her second-guessing the sacrifices she’s willing to make for her career as she realizes that something evil is living not only in Apartment 7A, but in the Bramford itself. Additional supporting cast includes Marli Siu ("Everything I Know About Love"), Andrew Buchan ("All the Money in the World"), Rosy McEwen ("Blue Jean") and Kobna Holdbrook-Smith ("Wonka").
Synopsis:Working the arcade on her birthday, Alex soon discovers a masked killer dressed as a mouse is playing a game of his own.
Synopsis: From the eerie to the mystical to the glamorous, some of cinema’s most enchanting witches cast their spell in this satan’s brew of black magic and occult horror. Embodying cultural fears and fantasies around powerful women and the shadowy, forbidden flip side of the everyday patriarchal order, witches have captivated audiences almost since the beginning of filmmaking. In the silent era, the sui generis "Häxan" blended documentary and gothic horror to macabre effect, while the 1960s and ’70s cast witches as reflections of the counterculture in films like "Rosemary’s Baby" and "The Girl on the Broomstick." More recently, movies like "Sabrina the Teenage Witch" and "The Love Witch" have made women who dabble in the dark arts symbols of pop empowerment, occupying their own space between the earthly and the supernatural and connecting ancient traditions to modern rituals.
Featuring: Häxan (1922), Black Sunday (1960), Il demonio (1963), Viy (1967), The Witches (1967), Rosemary’s Baby (1968)*, The Girl on the Broomstick (1972), Suspiria (1977), Alison’s Birthday (1981), The Witches (1990), The Crucible (1996), Sabrina the Teenage Witch (1996), Witch Madness (1999), The Love Witch (2016)
Synopsis: After befriending a British couple with a mute son, Americans Ben and Louise accept an unusual invitation to bring their daughter for a weekend at an idyllic country estate. Yet when they discover their hosts are hiding sinister motives, Ben and Louise fear their family may be pawns in a disturbing plot. Led by James McAvoy as a charismatic man masking unspeakable darkness, a dream holiday warps into an unnerving nightmare in this shocking thriller.
Synopsis: Around the turn of the twenty-first century, a new wave of Japanese terror dubbed J-horror took international audiences by storm. While Hollywood horror films tend to rely on jump scares and explicit gore to generate fear, their Japanese counterparts often emphasize creeping mood and tension in ways that highlight the unknown and unseen and create a sense of lingering dread. From earlier precursors like Kaneto Shindo’s eerily atmospheric fables "Onibaba" and "Kuroneko" to outré cult favorites like "House" and "Tetsuo: The Iron Man" to international hits from the crest of the J-horror wave—including "Cure," "Ring," and "Ju-On: The Grudge"—this sampler of Japanese horror is a spellbinding journey into the dark side of the land of the rising sun.
Featuring: Onibaba (1964), Kuroneko (1968), House (1977), Tetsuo: The Iron Man (1989), Cure (1997), Ring (1998), Audition (2001), Ichi the Killer (2001), Pulse (2001)*, Dark Water (2002), Ju-On: The Grudge (2002), Ju-On: The Grudge 2 (2003), Creepy (2016)
Synopsis:In "Strange Darling," nothing is what it seems when a twisted one-night stand spirals into a serial killer’s vicious murder spree.
Synopsis: "Treasure Trackers" follows California surfer Leah who must relocate to the small town of Carterville, where she bands together fellow misfits Marshy and Tessa to track down the town’s mythic treasure. When the trio uncovers the truth behind the treasure’s Halloween curse, they must outsmart the high school troublemakers before an evil spirit is accidentally released.
Synopsis: After Bart is turned into a NFT, Marge fights through the blockchain to rescue her son. To track down a gruesom serial killer, Lisa turns to a murder from her past. An outbreak transforms Springfielders into a plague of lazy, beer-loving oafs.
Synopsis: Mickey, Minnie, Donald, Daisy, and Goofy get back into the Halloween spirit in five all-new, spellbinding, stop-motion stories! Join the gang as they share Halloween stories around the campfire.
Synopsis:Author Ben Mears returns to his childhood home of Jerusalem’s Lot in search of inspiration for his next book only to discover his hometown is being preyed upon by a bloodthirsty vampire.New Line Cinema’s film adaptation of Stephen King’s 1975 bestselling novel “Salem’s Lot” reunites the producing teams behind the record-breaking horror franchises “The Conjuring” universe and the “It” films.
Synopsis: In 1930s Oklahoma amid the region’s horrific dust storms, a woman (Sarah Paulson) is convinced that a sinister presence is threatening her family.
Synopsis: The Bad Guys set off on the ultimate Halloween heist, absconding with legendary deceased crook Reginald E. Scary’s prized stolen amulet. While on their mission in Scary’s haunted mansion, Wolf has a few tricks up his sleeve to spook his crew. But when Wolf ends up being haunted, the Bad Guys must revisit the mansion to return the cursed loot.
Synopsis: When a mysterious force begins to disrupt their big summer fun, Noah and his friends team up with a retired police detective to embark on a monstrous adventure to save their island.
Synopsis: Arrow goes trick or treating with filmmaking legend and box office smash Michael Dougherty. Reach into the candy bag and explore the cranium that gave audiences "Krampus," "Trick 'r Treat," and "Godzilla: King of the Monsters" with Michael Dougherty Selects (UK/IRE/US/CA). As audiences await the next nightmare to come forth from his imagination, Dougherty took some to look through the Arrow dungeons and shine a light on the films that reminded him of his childhood.
"Back when I was a kid it wasn’t easy to get your fix of underground cult movies. If you were lucky, you might’ve had one local theater or a drive-in with the balls to screen these gems, or maybe you had a friend whose parents let them rent whatever they wanted from the video store. Now, in an era where corporate streaming services dominate the entertainment landscape, it seems there are even less options for those of us who love movies that are a little rougher around the edges; movies that might not be as slick and polished as their big multiplex counterparts, but are nonetheless just as important and valuable — if not more so. Watching these films is like being placed in the hands of madmen who could give a fuck what the suits want and would rather go out guns blazing in order to provide an experience that might be horrifying, revolting, and maybe even morally questionable, but they’re raw, unfiltered, and generally awesome."
Featuring:One Missed Call, Basket Case, Mako: Jaws of Death.
Synopsis:Minka Kelly, Dermot Mulroney and Maggie Grace star in "Blackwater Lane," a supernatural thriller based on the wildly successful New York Times bestselling book by B.A. Paris. After witnessing a tragedy on a dangerous country road, Cass is visited by a ghostly presence and begins to question her sanity. As these otherworldly experiences intensify, Cass is driven closer to the brink until she begins to assemble the pieces of a horrific plot against her.
Synopsis: As a mysterious leader imposes their rule in the Platform, a new resident becomes embroiled in the battle against this controversial method to fight the brutal feeding system. But when eating from the wrong plate becomes a death sentence, how far would you be willing to go to save your life?
Synopsis: For his first film in 17 years, splatter master Frank Henenlotter returned with the most graphic, transgressive and jaw-droppingly depraved black comedy shocker of his career: Jennifer is a homicidal nymphomaniac who spontaneously births mutant babies. Batz has a monstrous penis with a mind of its own. Will these two made-for-each-other freaks deliver the ultimate orgasmic horror?
Synopsis: The popular film anthology will feature six new bloodcurdling tapes, placing horror at the forefront of a sci-fi-inspired hellscape.
Segments include:“Stork”: Directed by Jordan Downey, screenplay by Downey and Kevin Stewart“Fur Babies”: Written and directed by Christian Long and Justin Long“Live and Let Dive”: Directed by Justin Martinez, story by Martinez and Ben Turner, screenplay by Turner“Dream Girl”: Directed by Virat Pal, written by Pal and Evan Dickson“Stowaway”: Directed by Kate Siegel, written by Mike FlanaganAnd a special presentation by Jay Cheel
Synopsis: When a group of friends plays spin the bottle in a house marked by a brutal massacre, they unknowingly unleash an evil spirit and start dying in terrifying ways. Now, the survivors must stick together to uncover the house’s dark secrets and end the bloodshed. Starring Ali Larter and Justin Long.
Synopsis:A criminal fixer who experiences auditory hallucinations must confront old demons when a new contract drags him into a surreal maelstrom of mind-altering drugs, delusional vigilantes, and a sadistic hypnotist who seems more monster than man.
Synopsis: Deep in the Andalusian countryside, Eladio (Victor Clavijo) has been hired to watch over the hunting grounds of Don Francisco’s estate, somewhere in rural Spain. The estate is divided into ten hunting stands, spaced far enough apart to avoid incidents. After three years of service, Don Carlos — Don Francisco’s second in command — offers him a bribe to add an additional three stands to the property. Eladio initially hesitates, but his wife eventually convinces him to take the money. Eladio’s greed has unfortunate consequences that drag his entire family to perdition, and plunging him into the depths of guilt, hatred, and revenge.
Synopsis:After calling a late-night party hotline that promises out-of-this-world fun, uptight yuppie Conor Sweeney must battle the pint-sized forces of evil unleashed through his phone line, led by the maniacal rock n’ roll goblin.
Synopsis: Spooky stuff is afoot when the Spirit of Halloween starts to take over Korvo’s life in this special edition of "Solar Opposites".
Synopsis:Beetlejuice is back!  After an unexpected family tragedy, three generations of the Deetz family return home to Winter River.  Still haunted by Beetlejuice, Lydia's life is turned upside down when her rebellious teenage daughter, Astrid, discovers the mysterious model of the town in the attic and the portal to the afterlife is accidentally opened.  With trouble brewing in both realms, it's only a matter of time until someone says Beetlejuice's name three times and the mischievous demon returns to unleash his very own brand of mayhem.
Synopsis: From horror visionaries Blumhouse Television, and Cake Boss creators High Noon Entertainment, Killer Cakes is a one-of-a-kind competition show where bakers with terrifying skills attempt to win some of the most frightening challenges ever produced for television. Contestants will work with the best horror special effects artists in Hollywood to unleash their twisted imaginations and create cakes so disgusting, so disturbing, and so realistic, it’s the stuff of nightmares.
Synopsis:"Teacup" follows a disparate group of people in rural Georgia who must come together in the face of a mysterious threat in order to survive. Inspired by the New York Times bestselling novel Stinger by Robert McCammon.
Synopsis: When an eight-year-old girl mysteriously vanishes, a series of past deaths and disappearances start to link together, forever altering a broken family’s history. Written and directed by Celine Held and Logan George; starring Dylan O’Brien, Eliza Scanlen, Diana Hopper, Caroline Falk, Sam Hennings, with Eric Lange and Lauren Ambrose.
Synopsis: Sideshow Bob teams up with the most infamous villains of Disney+ to share the true meaning for the Halloween season. Filled with music, mayhem, and madness, this short from The Simpsons is simply to die for.
Synopsis: In 1993, a mysterious children's show host, Mr. Crocket, magically emerges from television sets to kidnap young children, brutally slaying their parents in the process. After Mr. Crocket snatches her son, one determined mother embarks on a perilous quest to track down the demonic entertainer and rescue her boy. Starring Jerrika Hinton, Elvis Nolasco, Ayden Gavin, Kristolyn Lloyd, and Alex Akpobome.
Synopsis: In the wake of his father’s untimely death, a young boy is left in the eerie solitude of a sprawling country estate with his newly widowed stepmother. His stepmother, struggling to navigate the overwhelming task of parenthood, grows distant, leaving their fragile bond at risk of collapse. Amidst the growing tension, the boy begins to hear unsettling sounds echoing through the corridors. Soon, he is haunted by the presence of a grotesque creature bearing a disturbingly familiar resemblance to his late father. But as the boy’s warnings are dismissed as the imagination of a grieving child, the sinister entity tightens its grip on their crumbling lives.
Synopsis: A recent parolee (Danny Trejo) gets a Mexican witch to resurrect his old posse so that they can help him save a woman's ranch from a ruthless drug lord.
Synopsis:For three brothers in the American Southwest, this year's event will be different. When they discover their friend has killed and buried a witch, they venture out into the desert to witness it for themselves. Whilst encountering the scene, they accidentally desecrate the body, setting in motion a sequence of perilous events.
Synopsis: Tapping into the Universal Monsters vault, "Mighty Monsterwheelies" is an action-packed adventure-comedy series which reimagines classic characters as half-monster, half-truck vehicle heroes who team up to use their special powers to serve and protect the all-vehicle city of Motorvania from troublemakers like Phantom Freeze and Invisible Van.
Synopsis:Are you eating it ... or is it eating you? "The Stuff" is the new dessert taking supermarket shelves by storm. It's delicious, low in calories and - better still - doesn't stain the family carpet ... What's not to like?! Well, for a start it has a life of its own, and we're not talking friendly live bacteria. ... Young Jason seems to be the only one who doesn't love The Stuff - in fact he won't go anywhere near it, after having seen the pudding crawling around the fridge one night. What's more, everyone who eats The Stuff has started acting really weird. ... Grab a spoon and dig on into The Stuff - the taste that delivers ... much more than you bargained for!
Synopsis: A violent outbreak forces a family to seek shelter in an abandoned farmhouse, only to unearth an old secret that becomes a far greater threat.
Synopsis: When a beloved varsity quarterback disappears during the “Satanic Panic” of the late 1980s, a struggling high school heavy metal band of outcasts realize they can capitalize on the town’s sudden interest in the occult by building a reputation as a Satanic metal band, until a bizarre series of murders, kidnappings, and reported “supernatural activity” triggers a leather-studded witch hunt that leads directly back to them.
Synopsis:  In 1980s Hollywood, adult film star and aspiring actress Maxine Minx finally gets her big break. But as a mysterious killer stalks the starlets of Hollywood, a trail of blood threatens to reveal her sinister past. Starring Mia Goth, Elizabeth Debicki, Moses Sumney, Michelle Monaghan, Bobby Cannavale, Halsey, Lily Collins, with Giancarlo Esposito and Kevin Bacon. Written and directed by Ti West.
Synopsis: Eighteen-year-old Romain has just graduated and makes a stop at his dealer’s place to try a new pill. As he heads off to a party, he sees an injured woman on the side of the road and decides to help her, but when she gets in his car, she suddenly smashes her own head against the dashboard, bleeding out until she dies. Is this a bad trip? Or is it something else? One thing is for sure, it’s only the beginning of the night.
Synopsis: When a heartbroken teenage playwright, her younger brother, and a group of survivors become trapped in a historical reenactment village on Halloween night, they must band together to survive a relentless assault by a sentient and vengeful pumpkin. Starring Peyton Elizabeth Lee, Corey Fogelmanis, Wyatt Lindner, and more.
Synopsis: A musician and composer in crisis retreats into a coastal village in the north to finish his latest work. His only neighbors for miles around are a married couple living in the next house. After a serious accident during a storm, the musician begins to experience some terrifying visions about his neighbors.
Synopsis: In the sixth and final season of the Emmy-nominated comedy, Nandor, Nadja, Laszlo, Colin and Guillermo will enter the workforce, visit New Hampshire, go to a human dinner party, fête The Baron and conjure a demon — all while trying to find their place and their purpose in this crazy, mixed-up world.
Synopsis:As part of an internet challenge to live undetected in a stranger’s home, a daring couple target an infamous haunted house and endure a series of chilling incidents as they witness a family descending into madness.
Synopsis: A father and teen daughter attend a pop concert, where they realize they’re at the center of a dark and sinister event. Written and directed by M. Night Shyamalan; starring  Josh Hartnett.
Synopsis: In a world in which no one speaks, a mysterious, devout community hunts down a young woman named Azrael who has escaped their imprisonment. Recaptured by its ruthless leaders, she is to be sacrificed to pacify an evil which resides deep within the surrounding wilderness – but Azrael will stop at nothing to ensure her own freedom and survival. From the seeds of this gritty, relentless parable of sacrifice and salvation, comes an immersive, real-time, action horror tale from the visionary minds of Simon Barrett and E.L. Katz and starring Samara Weaving.
Synopsis: Academy Award-winner Russell Crowe stars as Anthony Miller, a troubled actor who begins to unravel while shooting a supernatural horror film. His estranged daughter, Lee (Ryan Simpkins), wonders if he's slipping back into his past addictions or if there's something more sinister at play. The film also stars Sam Worthington, Chloe Bailey, Adam Goldberg, and David Hyde Pierce.
Synopsis: "Your Monster" tells the story of the soft-spoken actor Laura Franco (Melissa Barrera), who is dumped by her longtime boyfriend (Edmund Donovan) while recovering from surgery and retreats to her childhood home to recover. With her future looking bleak, insult is added to injury when Laura discovers her ex is staging a musical that she helped him develop. But out of these gut-wrenching life changes emerges a monster (Tommy Dewey) with whom she finds a connection, encouraging Laura to follow her dreams, open her heart and fall in love with her inner rage.
Synopsis:Vengeful ghosts returning from beyond the grave, young women with supernatural abilities, investigative narratives, a terror of technology, and an ominous aura of urban alienation and isolation mark the wave of horror and mystery films that emerged in Japan at the turn of the millennium, collectively labeled as "J-Horror".
Featuring: Carved: The Slit-Mouthed Woman, Shikoku, Isola: Multiple Personality Girl, Inugami, Noroi: The Curse, St. John's Wort.
Synopsis:"Wizards Beyond Waverly Place” follows an adult Justin Russo, who has chosen to lead a normal, mortal life with his family: Giada, Roman and Milo. When Justin’s sister Alex brings Billie to his home seeking help, Justin realizes he must dust off his magical skills to mentor the wizard-in-training while also juggling his everyday responsibilities — and safeguarding the future of the Wizard World.
Synopsis: A teenage girl travels back to the early 2000s to stop a vicious killer from murdering her sister.
Synopsis:The ultimate account of the Child’s Play film franchise and Chucky, a horror villain for the ages. With contributions from cast, crew, critics, historians, and experts, as well as clips, photographs, archival documents, behind-the-scenes footage, and more, experience the making-of story that proves you can’t keep a good guy down in a series of films that have created an icon.
Synopsis: This collectible box set includes four killer films that offer an exciting mix of all that the horror genre has to offer.  From a knife-wielding maniac in "Friday the 13th Part II", to the twisted thrills of "Orphan: First Kill," the terrifying zombie hordes of "World War Z," and the psychological terror of "Breakdown," this must-own collection delivers loads of chills and thrills.
Each film in the 8-disc collection has been newly remastered and is presented on both 4K Ultra HD Disc and on Blu-ray™ in an individual case and special sleeve exclusive to the set, all housed in a premium box with original artwork.  Paramount Scares Vol. 2 also includes more than 2.5 hours of bonus content, the unrated version of World War Z, access to a Digital copy of each film, and these exclusive collectible items:
Synopsis: Experience the day the world went quiet in this terrifying continuation of the A Quiet Place universe. When Samira (Lupita Nyong’o) returns home to New York City, her simple trip turns into a harrowing nightmare when mysterious creatures that hunt by sound attack. Accompanied by her cat Frodo and an unexpected ally (Joseph Quinn), Samira must embark on a perilous journey through the city that has suddenly gone silent, where the only rule is to stay quiet to stay alive. Djimon Hounsou and Alex Wolff also star in this intensely suspenseful thriller.
Synopsis: Rachel McAdams is Lisa, a hotel manager catching a red-eye flight back to Miami. Her seemingly charming seat-mate Jackson (Cillian Murphy) turns out to be a terrorist agent, revealing his sinister intentions just after departure. If Lisa doesn’t cooperate with his evil plan, her father will be assassinated with one call into a sniper.
Synopsis:"The Ring" is the critically acclaimed, smash hit thriller David Ansen of Newsweek says "raises some serious goosebumps!" This cinematic thrill ride will keep you on the edge of your seat from the stunning opening to the astonishing conclusion! It begins as just another urban legend - the whispered tale of a nightmarish videotape that causes anyone who watches it to die seven days later. But when four teenagers all meet with mysterious deaths exactly one week after watching just such a tape, investigative reporter Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts) tracks down the video ... and watches it. Now, the legend is coming true, the clock is ticking and Rachel has just seven days to unravel the mystery of "The Ring".
Synopsis: Master filmmaker Tim Burton’s eerie and enchanting take on the classic Washington Irving tale of terror looks better than ever on 4K Ultra HD with Dolby Vision and HDR-10. Johnny Depp is Ichabod Crane—an eccentric investigator determined to stop the murderous Headless Horseman. Christina Ricci is Katrina Van Tassel, the beautiful and mysterious girl with secret ties to the supernatural terror. Packed with gothic imagery and thrilling action sequences, the all-star supporting cast includes Miranda Richardson, Michael Gambon, Casper Van Dien, Christopher Lee and Christopher Walken.
Synopsis: Johnny Depp and Tim Burton join forces again in the Oscar winning big-screen adaptation of Stephen Sondheim’s classic musical-thriller. Depp stars in the title role as a man unjustly sent to prison who vows revenge, not only for that cruel punishment, but for the devastating consequences of what happened to his wife and daughter. He returns to reopen his barber shop, where he becomes legend as “the demon barber of Fleet Street.” The supporting cast includes Helena Bonham Carter as Mrs. Lovett, Sweeney's amorous accomplice, Alan Rickman as the evil Judge Turpin, Timothy Spall as the Judge's wicked associate Beadle Bamford and Sacha Baron Cohen as the unforgettable Signor Adolfo Pirelli.
Synopsis: Based on the true story of the notorious serial killer and the intense manhunt he inspired, "Zodiac" is a superbly crafted thriller form the director of Se7en and Panic Room. Featuring an outstanding ensemble cast led by Jake Gyllenhaal, Robert Downey Jr., Mark Ruffalo and Chloë Sevigny, "Zodiac" is a searing and singularly haunting examination of twin obsessions: one man's desire to kill and another's quest for the truth.
Synopsis: It was begun by Sergio Corbucci ("Django"), completed by Antonio Margheriti ("The Long Hair of Death") and remains one of the true masterpieces of Gothic Horror. Now both versions – the Italian "Danza Macabra" and the U.S. release "Castle of Blood" – can be experienced like never before: When a cynical journalist accepts a wager that he won’t survive the night in a haunted castle, it will unlock an odyssey of sexual torment, undead vengeance and a dark seductress (the legendary Barbara Steele) who surrenders the gravest of pleasures.
Synopsis: Rupert Everett stars as cemetery watchman Francesco Dellamorte, tasked with dispatching the recently deceased when they rise from their graves. But when he falls in love with a beautiful young widow (Anna Falchi), will his resurrected lust for life become greater than his bond with death?
Synopsis: In rural Southern Italy, an emotionally disturbed young woman – “a damn near perfect performance” (Rock! Shock! Pop!) by Daliah Lavi of "The Whip and the Body" – turns to witchcraft to curse her former lover. But is her increasingly alarming behavior due to obsession or possession?
Synopsis: Experience the notorious 1969 horror epic that’s been barely seen since its fly-by-night VHS release while existing mostly via sordid rumors for more than 50 years: Anthony Eisley ("The Naked Kiss," "Dracula vs. Frankenstein") stars in this brain-melting mash-up of dubious Egyptology, risible werewolf transformations, H.G. Lewis-level gore, cut-rate psychedelia and an oven-mitted mummy on a Las Vegas rampage, all set to a swinging soundtrack of lounge and surf instrumentals.
Synopsis:Two years after making grindhouse history with "Maniac," Joe Spinell and Caroline Munro reunited for a shocker filmed guerilla-style at the 1981 Cannes Film Festival and presented here totally uncut for the first time ever: When a disturbed NYC cabbie dreams of becoming a horror auteur, he’ll stalk the genre’s most popular actress across the French Riviera for a cinephiles’ orgy of unwitting celebrities, topless starlets, graphic gore, Munro at her sexiest and Spinell at the peak of his skeevy genius.
Synopsis: In 1960, a young woman named Christine enters St. Francis Boarding School for Girls and lays waste to the resident nuns. Four decades later, a group of college students head to the long-abandoned building late one night to tag it with their fraternity letters, little knowing that rumors of the place being haunted are terrifyingly true. Stir in a couple of disapproving cops and a band of unlikely Satanists, and the table is set for a feast of demonic infestation and bloodshed that only the grown-up Christine (Adrienne Barbeau, "The Fog," "Swamp Thing") can possibly stop.
Synopsis: Once upon a time, the James Brothers, Odessa (Dave Larsen) and Kyle (David Gunn, "Vampire Journals"), murdered their parents in their own beds. Now they’ve escaped from Death Row and are on the run on a stormy night, looking for a place to hide out. They invade the home of the Ryans, who seem like a typical American family and should be easy to control. But there’s something not quite right about this brood—the women seem more attracted than frightened by these notorious murderers in their house, and Dad (C.T. Miller) has secrets of his own. Things get violently out of hand as the James boys find the night not going as they expected and there are even more surprises waiting in the basement!
Synopsis: A masked man offers tickets to a horror movie sneak preview at the mysterious Metropol cinema. When a patron is scratched by a prop displayed in the theatre lobby, she transforms into a flesh-ripping demon! One by one, the audience members mutate into horrible creatures hell-bent on destroying the world! Can anyone escape this gory orgy of terror? Regarded by horror fans the world over as one of the greatest Italian splatter films ever made, Lamberto Bava’s "Demons" is not only major cinematic nightmare fuel, but also a hugely entertaining gore-fest of the highest order.
Synopsis: There’s a scary movie on television and the residents of a luxury high-rise apartment building have their eyes glued to their sets. Unfortunately for a young birthday girl, an eternal demonic evil is released through her TV and partygoers soon find themselves fighting an army of murderous monsters! Acid blood, demonic dogs, possessed children and rampaging zombies wreak havoc on the trapped tenants! As more and more people are infected and transformed into blood-thirsty demons, a young couple fights to survive as they try to escape hell on earth! From the minds of Dario Argento and Lamberto Bava comes "Demons 2," the sequel to the surprise horror masterpiece, "Demons"!
Synopsis: After a series of strange events leads her to question her family's isolated life in a remote fortified compound, 10-year-old Willow follows her parents on one of their secret late-night treks deep into the heart of the ancient forest. But upon witnessing her father undergo a terrible transformation, she too becomes ensnared by the terrifying ancestral secret they've tried so desperately to conceal.
Synopsis: Psychiatrist Dr. Cheon is a fake exorcist who doesn't believe in ghosts. He uses his acute intuition - along with his assistant, YouTube channel, gadgets and explosives - to perform bogus exorcisms and solve cases across the country. When a new client approaches him to save her little sister from evil spirits, he accepts her case. Ready to perform his phony healing routine, he suddenly discovers he’s involved in a case more powerful than he’s ever experienced, a real one!
Synopsis:Hired by a wealthy Los Angeles family to investigate the cause of a disturbing supernatural illness, a team of paranormal experts trace the affliction's origin to a long-hidden family grave, but the process of exhuming the remains unleashes deadly consequences buried underneath.
Synopsis: A mysterious object crashes into a rundown apartment building, and a little spider emerges from within. When young Charlotte finds the strange little creature, she names her secret friend "Sting, but she quickly realizes her new pet grows at a monstrous rate. With an insatiable appetite for blood, neighbors' pets start to vanish... and then the neighbors.
Synopsis: A group of oblivious teenagers choose Camp Crystal Lake as the destination for a weekend getaway. Among them, the young Clay Miller (Jared Padalecki, "Supernatural") is not looking for fun and frolics, but for his sister Whitney who disappeared around the lake six weeks earlier. The trip turns into a waking nightmare as the bloodthirsty Jason emerges from the shadows, wielding a deadly machete and out for blood. Cut off from civilization, these youths discover too late that Crystal Lake bears the scars of a violent past as they uncover the terrifying events that spurred the masked killer’s quest for violent vengeance.
Synopsis: Experience the sublime agony of this quartet of torment like you never have before, featuring "Hellraiser," "Hellbound: Hellraiser II," "Hellraiser III: Hell on Earth" and "Hellraiser IV: Bloodline," in all-new 4K restorations from the original camera negatives. Hell has never looked better!
Synopsis: Vengeful ghosts, young women with supernatural abilities, investigative narratives, a terror of technology, and an aura of urban alienation mark the wave of horror films that emerged in Japan at the turn of the millennium, collectively labeled as "J-Horror". Remastered from the best available elements and packed with extras, J-Horror Rising presents seven of the genre's most distinctive titles
Synopsis: With its interwoven tales of terror and unforgettable characters, Trick 'r Treat has cemented itself as a Halloween essential, paying loving homage to the golden age of horror comics and 80s creature features with a slick modern style sure to send shivers down the spine of any fright fiend. Get ready for the scariest Halloween of your life - and remember, always check your candy!
Synopsis: Shocking and controversial, yet permeated with a dark, poetic beauty, the films of underground German auteur Jörg Buttgereit stand at the very intersection between art and exploitation.
Sugar Plum Chocolates Halloween Boo BoxBoo! Surprise someone with Sugar Plum's Halloween Boo Box, a delicious box of Halloween treats! Chocolate-covered Halloween pretzels, chocolate-covered cookies and graham crackers, caramel popcorn drizzled in chocolate, Peach Delights, gummy spiders and a white chocolate ghost lollipop...a bootiful collection of sweet and salty goodies all ready for the Halloween season!
Included in each box:4 Milk Chocolate-Covered Graham Crackers with Orange Drizzle, 1.4 oz. ea.4 Milk Chocolate-Covered Sandwich Cookies with Orange Drizzle, 1 oz. ea.2 Milk Chocolate-Covered Pretzel Rounds with Orange Drizzle, 1 oz. ea.2 Chocolate-Covered Pretzel Rounds with Black and Orange Sprinkles, 1 oz. ea.2 Chocolate-Covered Pretzel Rounds with Halloween-Colored Nonpareils, 1 oz. ea.1 White Chocolate Ghost Lollipop, 1.4 oz.1 Bag of Caramel Corn with Chocolate Orange and Black Drizzle 3 Oz.1 Bag of Sour Spiders 3 oz.1 Bag of Peach Delights 3 oz.
TokyoTreatTokyoTreat is a unique subscription box that delivers an array of exclusive Japanese snacks and culinary delights straight from Japan. From Sakura Pepsi to Sake Kit Kats, TokyoTreat offers an adventure through the diverse flavors of Japan. With our upcoming Halloween-themed box filled with spooky and delicious treats, I believe it would be a fantastic addition to your next Halloween gift guide, perfectly aligning with your taste for distinctive and memorable items.
Kreepy CollectablesDeddy BearsCollectionPictured:Squash Deddy Bag/Vambear in Coffin
Super7 Pre-Code Horror ReAction CollectionPictured: Voracious Werewolf / Dead Darling / Heartless Zombie / Spine-Chilling Ghoul
Super7 X Bodega 2024 Halloween Kids ReAction FiguresPictured: Dracula Boy / Bride of Frankenstein Girl / Creature from the Black Lagoon / Frankenstein Boy
Clue: GoosebumpsIntroducing "Clue: Goosebumps" – an exhilarating twist on the classic mystery game! Slappy, the mischievous ventriloquist dummy, has unearthed a cursed secret, unleashing spine-chilling monsters from Horrorland upon the unsuspecting town. Your mission: thwart Slappy's sinister plan by uncovering which monster is aiding him, where they are concealing him, and the treacherous traps they've laid. Will you save the town from the clutches of these nightmarish creatures, or succumb to their terror? Gather your courage, sharpen your wits, and prepare for a frightful adventure in Clue: Goosebumps!
Clue: What We Do In The ShadowsLaszlo’s 100% Witch Skin Hat is missing, and somebody who frequents the Staten Island Vampire Residence is responsible. It’ s vital that the hat be recovered, lest the cursed thing act up more than it has. Join Laszlo, Nandor , Colin and the rest as they search the Fancy Room and Attic to see if the hat is shoved behind a Nadja Doll or shoved into a Hollowed out Book. After all, WHO took it, WHERE they hid it, and WHAT item they used to conceal it will have to be uncovered if there’s to be any kind of peace.
Clue: WednesdayA dark mystery with terrible dangers is yours to solve in this spooky, modern take on the classic mystery game. With the dangerous Hyde on the loose, you play as students of Nevermore Academy like Wednesday Addams and Ajax Petropolus. You've got to keep your wits about you as you determine WHO will be the Hyde's next victim, WHERE will the Hyde attack, and WHAT item was key in bringing him down!
Yahtzee: WednesdayEnjoy the timeless fun of Yahtzee with the dark charm of the Wednesday series. Channel your inner Wednesday Addams as you roll the custom dice, featuring symbols reflecting the show's dark theme. Housed in a collector's edition coffin-shaped dice cup, this set is an ideal choice for both avid fans of the series and board game enthusiasts.
Ouija: BeetlejuiceUnleash the Netherworld's secrets with Ouija: Beetlejuice. Summon the spirits by saying "Beetlejuice" three times and get answers to all of your burning questions! With a gothic Beetlejuice-themed design, this vintage-inspired Ouija board offers a thrilling experience, illuminating the unknown with haunting symbols and mysterious spirits.
Yahtzee: Nightmare Before Christmas SallyTake a trip to Halloween Town and play America’s #1 dice game with Sally! Drop the custom dice featuring Zero; The Mayor; Lock, Shock, and Barrel; Oogie Boogie; Jack; and Sally. Go for the top score with entries for Full House, Large Straight, and YAHTZEE!
Taboo: HorrorNothing is quite as terrifying as saying the wrong thing in TABOO: Horror. Taking turns to describe one of 900 Guess words, you’ll score a point for everyone you get correct but beware don’t say any of the Taboo words or your opponent will push the screaming buzzer and you will lose points! Guess Words include objects, locations, and more from across horror open it up and play, if you’re brave enough.
Ouija: The ExorcistThe 1973 classic film comes to life with this detailed Glow-in-the-dark collectors’ piece. Grab a friend, pose your questions, and find out what wisdom the other side has in store using the custom planchette and board with elements from the film. Relive the horror masterpiece with the board game if you dare! If things go wrong, there’s always The Exorcist.
Loungefly x Scooby-Doo CollectionPictured:Skeleton Cosplay Glow Mini Backpack /Skeleton Cosplay Glow Zip Around Wallet
Loungefly x Peanuts Halloween CollectionPictured: Snoopy Mummy Cosplay Glow Mini Backpack / Snoopy Mummy Haunt Glow Zip Around Wallet
Loungefly x Wednesday CollectionPictured: Nevermore Academy Cosplay Mini Backpack / Nevermore Academy Cosplay Large Card Holder / Wednesday Typewriter Crossbody Bag/ Paper Doll Magnetic Pin Set
Funko x BeetlejuicePictured: Beetlejuice & Lidia Deetz 2-Pack/Astrid / Bob / Lydia Deetz / Delores / Beetlejuice in Cardiagan (Chance of Chase)/Ghost House Glow Crossbody Bag/Sandworm Glow Unisex Hoodie
Bioworld x BeetlejuicePictured:Recently Deceased Book Mini Backpack /Beetlejuice Lydia Big Print Long Sleeve Adult Hooded Sweatshirt /Beetlejuice Chibi Print Wristlet Strap Lanyard/Wanted Line-Up T-Shirt
BoxLunch x Sanrio Hello Kitty and Friends Halloween CollectionPictured:Costumes Allover Print Crewneck / Hello Kitty Jack-o-Lantern Tealight Holder / Halloween Figural Tab Journal / Pompompurin Halloween Flocked Vinyl Keychain / Squishmallows Sanrio Kuromi Witch Costume 8 Inch Plush / Halloween Allover Print Oven Mitt / Scented Air Freshener Set / Halloween License Plate Frame
Loungefly Stich in Costume CollectionPictured:Beast Costume Mini Backpack / Beast Costume Zip Around Wallet/101 Dalmatians Costume /Cheshire Cat Costume Zip Around Wallet/Cheshire Cat Costume Mini Backpack
BoxLunch x Disney Lilo & Stitch Halloween CollectionPictured:Angel & Stitch Halloween Costume Crewneck /Stitch Skeleton Costume Figural Mug/Stitch Gimme Candy! T-Shirt /Stitch Spider CostumeFiguralSmall Zip Wallet/Stitch Jack-o-Lantern Glow-in-the-Dark Crossbody Bag
Winnie the Pooh Ghost Pooh Bear Mini Snow Globe
Disney HalloweenEnamel PinsPictured:Mickey Mouse Skeleton Trick or Treat/Pluto Pumpkin Trick or Treat/Piglet Jack-o-Lantern/Winnie the Pooh Bee Costume 
BoxLunch x Disney Halloween HousewarePictured:Mickey Mouse Jack-o-Lantern Swirl Carnival Cup/Mickey Mouse Ghost Figural Sipper/Winnie the Pooh Halloween Pooh Bear and Friends Figural Character Mug/Mickey Mouse & Friends Halloween Carnival Cup/Stitch Light-Up Faux Succulent Planter / Mickey Mouse Jack-o-Lantern Light-up Faux Succulent Planter / Mickey Mouse Mummy Figural Cookie Jar/ Winnie the Pooh Pumpkin Figural Cookie Jar / Mickey Mouse & Friends Hanging Halloween Advent Calendar
Disney x Kigurumi Onesie CollectionPictured:Winnie the Pooh Pooh Bear
Winnie the Pooh Halloween Collection Pictured:Winnie the Pooh Plaid Pumpkins Women's Cardigan/Winnie the Pooh Tigger and Pooh Pumpkin Allover Print Sleep Pants/Tigger Skeleton Costume Glow-in-the-Dark Small Zip Wallet/Winnie the Pooh Tigger and Pooh Bear Pumpkin Crew Socks/Winnie The Pooh Pooh Scary Shadow Garment Dye T-Shirt /Winnie the Pooh Piglet and Pooh Bear Pumpkin Light-Up Mini Backpack/Mummy Eeyore Figural Glow-in-the-Dark Crossbody Bag
Pop! Yourself Design a custom Funko Pop! for fans of the spooky season! Featuring all-new accessories and costume choices, fans can celebrate Halloween year round!
Play through iconic worlds and mashup characters inspired by some of your favorite franchises in an action-adventure game with uniquely authentic, irreverent humor from the creative minds of 10:10 Games.
Express your fandom with 60+ unique playable characters from more than 20 fan-favorite franchises, all lovingly recreated in Funko Pop! form. Explore incredible worlds and characters inspired by "The Thing," "M3GAN," "NOPE," "Chucky," "Shaun of the Dead," "Hot Fuzz," "The Walking Dead," "Invincible," "The Mummy," "Masters of the Universe," "Scott Pilgrim," and many more!Digital & Physical editions available
Care Bear x Universal Monster x FunkoPictured:Beadtime Bear Mummy / Cheer Bear Bride of Frankenstein / Grumpy Bear Frankenstein / Tenderheart Bear Dracula
Universal Monsters x FunkoPictured: Gil-Man /Bride of Frankenstein/ Dracula/ Frankenstein/ Wolf Man
Universal Monsters x LoungeflyPictured: Bride of Frankenstein Mask Glow Accordion Zip Around Wallet / Frankenstein Mini Backpack with Coin Bag / Vintage TV Triple Lenticular Crossbody Bag /Books Collection Glow Crossbody Bag
Universal Monsters X Maxx242 CollectyionPictured:Frankenstein Stay Creepy Contrast Stitch Hoodie /Frankenstein & The Bride Of Frankenstein Girls Mesh Long-Sleeve Top
Universal Monsters: Creature from the Black Lagoon x Micheline PittPictured: Souvenir Knit Top in Monster Green/ Movie Poster Sweatshirt in Vintage Green / Vintage Movie Poster Button Up in Rust
Nightmare Vessels - Halloween 2 - Glow in the Dark MondoThe boogieman is back as part of Mondo’s new Nightmare Vessel line, featuring articulated soft vinyl figures that arrive inside sculpted, collectible containers. A spectral Glow-In-The-Dark Variant, this premium Michael Myers figure set comes complete with swappable portraits and weapons from the 1981 Universal Pictures film.
Halloween II - Michael Myers Soft Vinyl Figure - Retro Gamer VariantTerrorize Haddonfield with the "Halloween II" - Michael Myers Soft Vinyl Figure! Inspired by 20th century Japanese sofubi, this premium, swivel-articulated figure comes complete with swappable portraits and weapons from the 1981 film. Our Retro Gamer Variant is a tribute to the color palettes of horror movie-based video games of the 80s.
Halloween 3: The Season Of The Witch Original Soundtrack LPDeath Waltz Recording Co. is delighted to be revisiting not only one of our favourite Halloween sequels but one of our favourite sequels period. It's been a long hard road for "Halloween III: The Season of the Witch" to be accepted within the Halloween franchise, but it is now widely considered to be one of the best horror movies of the '80s.
The packaging for this release is also completely singular and jaw dropping, designed by Alan Hynes (The wizard behind our FIGHT CLUB and ANOMOLISA releases) it's unlike all of our other reissues in this series (But still designed to fit in the collectors box) and really helps solidify what an outlier HALLOWEEN III is in the overall series.
Smile - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack 2xLPSMILE is graced with a unique and terrifying score by Chilean-Canadian composer Cristobal Tapia de Veer (UTOPIA, THE GIRL WITH ALL THE GIFTS), who brings his acclaimed mysterious and otherworldly style to provide a fearsome musical underscore for Rose's frightening journey. The score is full of dreamy synth tones and ethereal drones, lulling you into a false sense of security before unleashing a wall of piercing metallic tones stabbing your eardrums and psyche. Vibrating and rumbling whalesong-like colours make you feel that you're being dragged onto a new plane of existence, and all you can do is ride the wave - and remember to SMILE.
Creature from the Black Lagoon Tiki MugThis version of The Creature features a yellow base blaze, with a Gillman Green wiped glaze over it.
Creature from the Black Lagoon Poster8-color screenprint on French Construction Pure White
M3gan 1/6 Scale FigureNew from FUNKI! Featuring premium details like rooted hair and a full fabric outfit, the M3GAN 1/6 Scale Figure comes complete with swappable hands and portraits. M3GAN is more than just a toy, she’s part of the family!
M3GAN PosterMondo presents a new limited edition, screenprinted foil poster by manga artist Shin-ichi Sakamoto for the 2022 horror film M3GAN.7-color screenprint on Rainbow Foil paper
A Nightmare On Elm Street - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack (40th Anniversary Expanded Edition) 2XLPPressed on 140 gram vinyl with art and design by Mike Saputo, this double LP includes liner notes by Bernstein himself. So lay back, put your headphones on and remember don’t fall asleep.
A Nightmare On Elm Street 2: Freddy's Revenge - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Expanded 2XLPPressed on 140 gram vinyl with art and design by Mike Saputo, this double LP includes liner notes by Mark Patton (“Jesse Walsh”) and director Jack Sholder. So lay back, put your headphones on and remember don’t fall asleep.
A Nightmare on Elm Street pt 3: Dream Warriors - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Expanded 2XLPPressed on 140 gram vinyl with art and design by Mike Saputo, this double LP includes liner notes by Ira Heiden (“Will Stanton.”) So lay back, put your headphones on and remember don’t fall asleep.
BoxLunch Horror Sports JerseysPictured:Bride of Chucky Tiffany Valentine/Nightmare on Elm Street Freddy Krueger/Friday the 13th Jason/Child's Play Chucky
BoxLunchIt House Scenic Quarter Zip SweatshirtBoxLunchA Nightmare on Elm Street Striped CrewneckBoxLunchFriday the 13th Scenic Quarter Zip Sweatshirt
Loungefly x Friday The 13thPictured: Jason Mask Glow Mini Backpak / Jason Mask Glow Zip Around Wallet
Loungefly x The NunPictured:Cosplay Light Up Glow Mini Backpack /Cosplay Glow Zip Around Wallet
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: 50th Anniversay Chainsaw EditionDark Sky Selects proudly presents The Texas Chain Saw Massacre 50th Anniversary Chainsaw Edition. This set includes the 4K UHD edition of the feature film, Blu-ray edition of the feature film, Blu-ray bonus disc, and an exclusive VHS release featuring original VHS release artwork.
All are housed in a replica of the iconic chain saw from the film, which comes in a special 50th Anniversary numbered box. Opening the chainsaw triggers the sound of Leatherface wielding the chainsaw in the film.
This limited edition also features a newly designed 50th Anniversary O-card and brand-new bonus content, including The Merchandise of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre and The Restoration of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
Bioworld x The Texas Chainsaw MassacrePictured:Eyeball Closeup Black Sweatshirt /Short-Sleeve T-Shirt/French Poster Art Crew Neck Long Sleeve White Sweatshirt/French Leatherface Poster Art Long Sleeve Putty Women's Hooded Sweatshirt
Loungefly x ChuckyPictured: Good Guys Box Mini Backpack / Good Guys Box Large Card Holder/ Good Guys Color Block Hoodie
Halloween Horror Nights 2024 Animated Chucky Popcorn Bucket3.5 ft. Animated Chucky Doll6 movements: head, mouth, waist, arm, and eyes that move & blinkSpeaks 3 different iconic Chucky phrases
Tinsley Transfer Chucky Official Licensed Premium Latex Mask
Chucky x Bioworld Pictured:Friends Til The End Women's Black Crop Tee /Tiffany & Chucky Adult Animigos Crew Socks /Good Guys Denim and Roller Print Reversible Bucket Hat
Bioworld x The ExorcistPictured:Movie Cover Art Black Graphic Tee/Big Print The Devil Crew Neck Short Sleeve T-Shirt
Bioworld x ScreamPictured:Distressed Movie Poster Crew Neck Short Sleeve Black T-Shirt/Glow in the Dark Ghost Face Horror Movie Character Black Mini Backpack
Bioworld x Friday the 13thPictured:Friday The 13th Horror Movie Jason Bloody Mask Black Graphic Tee Shirt/Jason Mask 8.5" Cosmetic Bag