Hopkinton forward Nolan Linstad, shown earlier this month, scored two goals in the Hawks’ 7-0 shutout of Conant on Tuesday. 
					GEOFF FORESTER / Monitor staff file
Modified: 09-18-2024 10:45 PM


  

Hopkinton NH 
high schools 
facebook 
Concord High School 
NHIAA 
coe-brown northwood academy 
Bow High School 



Hopkinton 7, Conant 0 
Key players: Hopkinton – Fin Murphy (2 goals, 2 assists), Nolan Linstad (2 goals), Travis Windhurst (goal), Cody Charron (goal), Kristof Cauley (goal), Nate Windhurst (assist), Deegan Tomaz (assist), Rowan Boyle (assist), Jamie Stone (4 saves) 
Highlights: Five different Hawks scored, including Travis Windhurst with his first career goal, an empathic finish from 12 yards out to complete a nice corner kick play. Stone earned his first varsity victory with the shutout. Center back Mike Pantano directed traffic all match and helped keep Conant off the scoreboard for the first time this season.
Records: Hopkinton 5-0; Conant 0-5 
Bedford 4, Concord 0 
Key players: Concord – Dean Ayotte (9 saves), Drayden Nyambo (midfield), Irankunda Mvuyekure (midfield) 
Highlights: The Bulldogs led 3-0 at halftime and the defending D-I champions handed the Tide its third straight shutout loss.
Coach’s quote: “The defending state champions put us on our heels early and often. We struggled to find our form, which led to some defensive lapses.” – Concord’s Scott Dunlop 
Article continues after...
Cross|Word
Flipart
Typeshift 
SpellTower
Really Bad Chess
Records: Bedford 5-0; Concord 0-6 
Bow 3, Plymouth 2 
Key players: Bow – Milo Cocola (2 goals), Ethan Anderson (goal), Carter Hall (assist), Cam Fuchs (assist) 
Highlights: Cocola scored in the fifth minute off an assist from Hall, but Plymouth equalized midway through the first half. Anderson converted a penalty kick in the 31st minute, and Fuchs assisted on Cocola’s second goal two minutes later before Plymouth scored again to wrap up the match’s offense before halftime.
Coach’s quote: “A solid win on the road where we created many chances and converted enough to win. A good second-half defensive effort to hold on for the win.” – Bow’s Josh Smith 
Records: Bow 2-3-1; Plymouth 1-3-2 
Coe-Brown 1, Pelham 1 
Key players: Coe-Brown – Ryan Kouchoukos (goal), Tommy Maskwa (assist) 
Coach’s quote: “We had plenty of chances to pull ahead, but we weren’t lucky or sharp enough to make it happen. Added to the frustration were some unnecessary injuries. We’ll get back at it in training to iron out some details.” – Coe-Brown’s Christian Gompert 
Records: Coe-Brown 2-3-1; Pelham 1-2-2 
Bow 4, Plymouth 1 
Key players: Bow – Lexi Insana (2 goals), Brylie Gelinas (goal), Ashley Wallen (goal), Jaeden Kennedy (assist), Gabby Tarsa (assist), Vivian Madden (assist), Anna Zerba (midfield), Marissa Reyes (midfield), Charlotte Larochelle (defense), Maeve Nadzan (defense), Abby Foote (defense), Madison Pfister (defense) 
Highlights: Insana scored her first goal 2:05 into the game on a penalty kick, Gelinas finished off a rebound and Insana scored her second goal off an indirect kick in the box with three minutes to go in the first half. Wallen netted Bow’s only goal of the second half, scoring off a corner taken by Madden five minutes after halftime.
Coach’s quote: “Good team win against a tough and improved Plymouth team. We have things to work and continue to improve on, but I’m happy with everyone’s contribution today.” – Bow’s Jay Vogt 
Records: Bow 5-0-1; Plymouth 1-4-1 
Coe-Brown 6, Pelham 3 
Key players: Coe-Brown – Ellie Escabi (goal, 2 assists), Maggie Escabi (goal, assist), Morgan Readel (goal), Jadyn Spearin (goal), Abbey Franke (goal), Bella Lapierre (goal), Jaelyn Demers (assist) 
Highlights: Readel gave the Bears the lead in the 21st minute. Pelham answered back just two minutes later to tie the game going into halftime, but the Bears responded with four unanswered goals in the next 20 minutes. The Pythons came back with two goals before Spearin scored from distance with under two minutes remaining.
Coach’s quote: “We were up and down and need to find a level of consistency. You have to hold a lead and keep a team on their heels. We did not do that tonight. I am pleased with the challenge I issued at halftime, and the team responded and stepped up.” – Coe-Brown’s Josh Hils 
Records: Coe-Brown 5-0-1; Pelham 1-4-1 
Hopkinton 2, Conant 0 
Key players: Hopkinton – Kennedy Mark (goal), Isabella Serzans (goal), Avery Chase (assist), Sadie Serzans (assist), Paige Boudette (defense), Avery Loew (shutout in goal) 
Highlights: Mark scored from 25 yards out in the 15th minute, and the Hawks tallied another goal by halftime.
Coach’s quote: “We did not play well with a couple nagging injuries and two offensive players missing to illness. I was relieved we won the game in the first half; otherwise, the second half would have been a dogfight.” – Hopkinton’s Mike Zahn 
Records: Hopkinton 5-0-1; Conant 3-2-0 
Kearsarge 8, Newfound 0 
Key players: Kearsarge – Carly Grant (3 goals, 2 assists), Ellie Wimer (2 goals, assist), Joliegh Root (goal), Chloe Hasey (goal), Makenna Ellis (assist), Ava Shapiro (assist), Katie Walkinshaw (assist), Addy Rossi (assist) 
Highlights: The Cougars controlled the first half, building a 6-0 lead with goals from four different players. Wimer opened the scoring in the fifth minute off a feed from Grant. Grant put in the second goal off a beautiful cross from Ellis in the 16th minute. Root redirected a Grant cross for the third goal, and the Cougars closed out the first half with goals from Grant, Wimer and Hasey. Newfound come out and applied pressure in the second half with several promising attacks but Kearsarge’s defense was able to hold them off, and Grant and Huff were able to net two more goals.
Coach’s quote: “Solid team win all around. Always good to see a bunch of different names on the scoresheet and keep a clean sheet. The girls played team soccer, and it paid off. Hats off to Newfound. They have a lot of young, tough competitors who battled hard.” – Kearsarge’s Dave Smith 
Records: Kearsarge 2-2-1; Newfound 1-4-0 
Oyster River 3, Pembroke 0 
Key players: Pembroke – Annika Jawidzik (goalie) 
Highlights: Oyster River scored single goals in the first and second quarters before a late tally in the fourth put the game out of reach.
Coach’s quote: “We put forth a great defensive effort from start to finish to try to contain a very talented team. We definitely came out of this game feeling good about how we played.” – Pembroke’s Steve Langevin 
Records: Oyster River 6-0-0; Pembroke 3-2-1 
Kearsarge 5, Sanborn 1 
Key players: Kearsarge  – Ryley Grace (first varsity goal, Stella Syversten (3 goals) 
Highlights: Grace scored her first varsity goal as a fullback and Syvertsen recorded a hat trick to lead the Cougars over the Indians.
Coach’s quote: “It took us a minute to find our groove, but we worked through it and came home with a good win.” – Kearsarge’s Chelsea Williams 
Records: Kearsarge 3-1; Sanborn 0-4 
Concord 201, Bishop Guertin 205, Nashua South 240, Manchester Memorial 243 
Key players: Concord – Carl Sirrianna (38), Zach Nelson (39), Holden Martin (41), Jaden Haas (41), Jack Brien (42) 
Highlights: Sirrianna won medalist honors in a match at Nashua Country Club.
Records: Concord 11-2; Bishop Guertin 8-6; South 2-7; Memorial 0-9 
Oyster River 212, Kingswood 216, Merrimack Valley 226, Milford 252 
Key players: MV – Isaak Davis, Logan McCullen, Colton Magoon 
Highlights: The Pride competed well in a four-school match at The Oaks in Somersworth.
Coach’s quote: “As we push the halfway point, we’re seeing consistent improvements throughout the lineup.” – MV’s Joe Dougherty 
Records: Oyster River 10-4; Kingswood 6-6; MV 3-8; Milford 1-14 
Derryfield 81, Coe-Brown 73, John Stark 62, Monadnock 60 
Key players: Coe-Brown – Alex Myslinski (22 points), Joe Fenton (20 points), Grant Hardy (13 points), Will Marshall (12 points) 
Highlights: The Bears finished second in a match on their home course at Nippo Lake Golf Club.
Records: Derryfield 16-2; Coe-Brown 5-6; John Stark 6-11; Monadnock 3-12
05-03-2025 9:33 AM
05-02-2025 8:15 AM
05-01-2025 5:17 PM
05-01-2025 1:41 AM


Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Accessibility


By using this site, you agree with our use of cookies to personalize your experience, measure ads and monitor how our site works to improve it for our users
Copyright © 2016 to 2025 by Concord Monitor. All rights reserved.