She wore a plaid Vivienne Westwood corset and skirt for the occasion.
Every item on this page was chosen by a Town & Country editor. We may earn commission on some of the items you choose to buy.
Taylor Swift is back cheering boyfriend Travis Kelce and his football team, the Kansas City Chiefs, on.
After a two week hiatus—Swift skipped their two previous games, which were in Atlanta and Los Angeles—she has arrived at Arrowhead Stadium for tonight's matchup against the New Orleans Saints. Kelce previewed her attendance this past weekend, telling fans at his Kelce Car Jam charity event, "She's coming in for the game." Swift arrived with her dad, Scott Swift, for the game.
For the occasion, Swift wore a matching red check corset and skirt from Vivienne Westwood, and knee-high black platform boots. Swift also accessorized with a Vivienne Westwood bag.
This may be her last Chiefs game for some time, however; the final leg of the Eras Tour kicks off in Miami, Florida soon, and the Chiefs have a bye week next week. (For non football fans, that means they don't have a game.) Three of Eras Tour shows (on October 20, October 27, and December 8) are the same dates as Chiefs games, and four others come the day after an Eras Tour stop (November 4, 10, 17, and 24), per a schedule comparison published in The Athletic.
Swift and Kelce haven't been shy about sharing their support for each other since they began dating at the end of last summer. "When you say a relationship is public, that means I’m going to see him do what he loves, we’re showing up for each other, other people are there and we don’t care," Swift said in her Time person of the year interview. "The opposite of that is you have to go to an extreme amount of effort to make sure no one knows that you’re seeing someone. And we’re just proud of each other."
Emily Burack (she/her) is the Senior News Editor for Town & Country, where she covers entertainment, celebrities, the royals, and a wide range of other topics. Before joining T&C, she was the deputy managing editor at Hey Alma, a Jewish culture site. Follow her @emburack on Twitter and Instagram.
Taylor Swift’s Diamond & Ruby Snake Necklace
Frances Tiafoe on Meeting Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift at the 2025 Super Bowl
Shop Taylor Swift's Game Day Outfits
Taylor Swift in Louis Vuitton at Chiefs Game
Shop Taylor Swift's Canada Goose Gloves
Taylor Swift Wears Chanel Outfit to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips First Chiefs Game of 2025
Taylor Swift Sparkles During Rainy NYC Date Night
Taylor Swift Skipped Travis Kelce's Christmas Game
Taylor Swift Wears Red Jacket to Chiefs Game
Taylor Swift Skips Post-Eras Tour Chiefs Game
A Part of Hearst Digital Media
We may earn commission from links on this page, but we only recommend products we back.
©2025 Hearst Magazine Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.