By GERAINT LLEWELLYN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  13:12, 10 August 2024   |  Updated:  07:49, 11 August 2024   
 160
View  comments
Kylie Jenner celebrated her 27th birthday on Saturday - and was cheekily roasted by her supermodel sister Kendall Jenner.
In celebration of Kylie's big day, Kendall, 28, posted a childhood picture of the pair of them pulling funny faces and wrote: 'guess who's basically 30 now?' 
The jibe was a reference to a viral moment on The Kardashians when Kylie blithely told Kendall, who was then 27: 'I'm 25, you're like 30.'
Kendall recoiled in mock horror at the 'rude' comment, so Kylie said: 'You're basically 30, so when I turn 27 you can call me 30 too. But you'll be 40 by that time.'
Meanwhile, Kylie's mother Kris Jenner, 68, lovingly listed her daughter's 'amazing' attributes alongside a slew of sweet throwback snaps Saturday.
Kylie Jenner celebrated her 27th birthday on Saturday - and was cheekily roasted by her supermodel sister Kendall Jenner
Followers were treated to candid photos of the birthday girl through the years as she posed alongside her mother and elder sister Kendall, 28. 
Kris also shared snaps of Kylie cuddling up to her own kids - daughter Stormi, six, and two-year-old son Aire - declaring the make-up mogul 'the most incredible mommy'.
Writing: 'Happy birthday to my beautiful baby girl @kyliejenner!!!!!! I fell in love with you the moment we met… it was love at first sight!
'I am so incredibly proud of you and thank God for you every single day. You are the most incredible mommy and I love watching you with your kids each and every day'.
She continued: 'You are so kind, gentle, calm, smart, creative, funny, compassionate, thoughtful, loving, generous, sensitive and strong. You amaze and inspire me and so many others to be the very best version of ourselves'. 
'You teach me something new every day about love, life, and resilience, and I am incredibly blessed to be your mommy. May all of your dreams come true!!!!!! I love you more than you will ever know. Mommy'.
Mother-of-six Kris shares Kylie and Kendall with ex-husband Caitlyn Jenner, 74, as well Kim, 43, Kourtney, 45, Khloe, 40, and Robert Jr, 37, with late former husband Robert Kardashian. 
Kourtney marked Kylie's birthday by posting a heart-melting throwback of Kylie as a little girl with Kendall and all four of her Kardashian siblings.
Kylie Jenner celebrated her 27th birthday on Saturday, with mother Kris, 68, leading the tributes with a gushing post on social media 
The momager lovingly listed the billionaire businesswoma n's 'amazing' attributes alongside a slew of sweet throwback snaps (young Kylie pictured)
Followers were treated to candid photos of the birthday girl through the years 
She lovingly wished a happy birthday to her 'tiny goose' Kylie, who was wearing a graduation cap, possibly having just finished kindergarten. 
Meanwhile Khloe uploaded a picture of herself cradling baby Kylie, writing: 'Forever my baby,' and adding: 'Happy Birthday.' 
Kylie's pal Hailey Bieber, who is currently expecting her first child with her husband Justin Bieber, offered her fans a glimpse into the festivities.
She uploaded an Insta Stories snap of a cupcake with cream cheese frosting, topped with a tiny round picture of Kylie in a sparkling silver gown.
The image was followed up with a boomerang that showed Kylie in a plunging black cocktail dress, joyfully holding her birthday cake.
It comes after Kylie and ex Travis Scott, with whom she shares her two children,  slashed the price of their Beverly Hills home again after doing it back in February.
The former couple are now asking for just $15,995,000 after originally asking for $21.9million when it was first listed back in 2022 according to TMZ on Monday.
Kylie and the rapper, 33, had originally snapped up the property at a steal in 2018 for $13.4million.
The seven bedroom and ten bathroom mansion features 9,000-square-feet of living space and many lavish amenities. 
In one snap mother and daughter posed in busty black gowns during a photo shoot 
Another photo showed Kylie as a toddler wearing bunny ears 
Kris also shared snaps of Kylie cuddling up to her own kids, daughter Stormi, six, and two-year-old son Aire
The Kardashian matriarch declared Kylie was  'the most incredible mommy'.
Kris gushed: 'Happy birthday to my beautiful baby girl @kyliejenner!!!!!! I fell in love with you the moment we met… it was love at first sight!'
Mother-of-two Kylie shares her kids with ex Travis Scott, 33
Meanwhile mother-of-six Kris shares Kylie and Kendall with ex-husband Caitlyn Jenner, 74, 
Kris wrote 'You teach me something new every day about love, life, and resilience, and I am incredibly blessed to be your mommy'
Back in February the parents to two children had cut the price to $18million according to TMZ at the time.
The Kylie Cosmetics founder and the rapper purchased the sprawling 9,000-square-foot home for $13.45million in 2018 after their daughter Stormi's birth.
Three months before their January 2023 split, the co-parents put the property on the market for $21.9 million. 
They decided to cut the price to $19.99million in March 2023.
The listing was officially pulled in September and now it's back on market at $17.995million.
The outlet reports that the attractive listing is being held by Adam Rosenfeld of Mauricio Umansky's brokerage The Agency and Million Dollar Listing stars Josh and Matt Altman of Douglas Elliman.
Kylie is currently dating Academy Award nominee Timothee Chalamet, 28. They kicked off their romance in early 2023 but did not go public until September of that year. 
Kylie and Travis' stunning Beverly Hills abode boasts 10 bathrooms and an incredible 2,300 square feet master bedroom.  
She lovingly wished a happy birthday to her 'tiny goose' Kylie, who was wearing a graduation cap, possibly having just finished kindergarten
Meanwhile Khloe uploaded a picture of herself cradling baby Kylie, writing: 'Forever my baby,' and adding: 'Happy Birthday'
Kris pictured with daughters (L-R) Khloe, Kourtney, Kim, Kendall and Kylie
Kylie's pal Hailey Bieber, who is currently expecting her first child with her husband Justin Bieber, offered her fans a glimpse into the festivities
The cupcake image was followed up with a boomerang that showed Kylie in a plunging black cocktail dress, joyfully holding her birthday cake
Kim also shared a birthday tribute to her little sister
She shared a slew of photos she's taken with Kylie through the years
Many of the images showed a teen Kylie with Kim 
'I want to thank the universe for blessing me with a sister as sweet as you,' Kim began
'Your silliness, kindness and love are the greatest gifts I could ever ask for,' she gushed
'Happy Birthday, with all my heart you private little soul you @kyliejenner You’re basically 30 now,' concluded the SKIMS founder
Kylie's older sister Khloe Kardashian shared a photo of Kylie with her birthday cake on Saturday
She called Kylie her 'sweet little baby' in a gushing caption
'Whoever is lucky enough to be in your orbit knows what a beautiful and special soul you are. You truly are magic in a bottle and nothing will ever dispel the beauty and magic that is you,' Khloe penned
Khloe shared a slew of never-before-seen pics from last year's Kardashian-Jenner Christmas Eve bash
The Good American founder continued: 'I wish and hope that you realize that this will be a year of great happiness. Happiness from within that oozes out of your skin. That the smile I see on your face never changes and your bright light only gets brighter'
Kylie thanked her fans, friends and family for all the birthday wishes
She included polaroid photos of herself blowing out the candles on her birthday cake
'27 (basically 30) filled with love and so grateful. thank you God,' she wrote
It also boasts a scenic pool, movie theater, a billiard room, a gym, and a massage room.
The house, which was originally built in 1971, was sold in 2012 for a mere $6.3 million (£4.9million) to a development firm, leading to a rebuild of the property before returning it to the market in 2017.
Property mogul Kylie owns four other lavish properties including a $36.5million estate in the Holmby Hills neighborhood of Los Angeles and a $12million home in Hidden Hills.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group