OG Parker, Benny The Butcher, Planet Asia, Free Party, DC2Trill, and more also unleash new heat.

	Today is Friday, which means there are a ton of new releases to look forward to from some of your favorite Hip-Hop artists. To help you unwind and enjoy the weekend, check out VIBE’s picks of songs and albums you should hear and add to your soundtrack of weekend festivities.

	Cash Cobain’s Play Cash Cobain is finally here in all of its lusty, slizzy glory. The 19-track effort features Quavo, Don Toliver, 4batz, and many more. Admittedly, it is ambitious in its number of songs. The highs are high, like the brooding “Slizzyhunchodon” or the Pop Smoke interpolating single “Act Like.” The sample efforts are admirable, with “Dunk” flipping Soulja Boy’s classic “Donk.”

	










	However, listeners will walk away from certain records feeling like they could have been left on the cutting room floor simply due to being unspectacular or not showing Cobain’s range of skills. It’s widely known that he excels at mid-tempo or uptempo sexy drill records, but this collection is at its best when he takes songs in a different direction like the pop bop “Luv It.” Still, there is a handful of great records in this project and no album is perfect. – Armon Sadler














	Related Story
	



	
		
					Doechii Talks Being Seen As More "Intellectual" Than Her Female Rap Peers		
			







MC Lyte reigns triumphant on her new single, “Thank You,” an inspiring number that recounts her rise from the hardscrabble streets of Brooklyn to being an accomplished cultural icon. Produced by Nottz and Warryn Campbell, “Thank You” includes features from gospel duo Mary Mary and R&B sensation Muni Long, whose vocal contributions help bring home the song’s soul-stirring message of perseverance.

	Lyte, who is preparing for the September release of her ninth studio album, 1 of 1, her first in over a decade, spoke about crafting her new single with both acts’ help. “Working on ‘Thank You’ with Mary Mary and Muni Long has been an incredible experience,” she expressed in a statement. “This song is about celebrating our victories and being grateful for the journey. It’s a message that I believe will resonate with everyone.” – Preezy Brown

Anycia’s “Girls Gone Wild” is a clash of her signature rasp and a very spirited production. She calls out women who don’t have cars or cribs and her vocals make it sound like dismissive slyness. It works, but a more animated delivery would have made it even better. The hook is solid, with the repetitive “Pop that pu**y bi**h.” It’s hard to call this something to go back to, because it may not cut through the other records that are bringing the energy on both the production side and vocal side. There is an element of wildness missing from Anycia on “Girls Gone Wild.” – AS











	It has been ten years since Travis Scott released his seminal mixtape Days Before Rodeo, and it’s aging like fine wine in the days after its anniversary and re-release. “Mamacita” featuring Young Thug and Rich Homie Quan is an all-time classic, “Sloppy Toppy” with Migos and Peewee Longway is a male anthem for those who love fellatio, and “Drugs You Should Try It” is one of the most hauntingly beautiful tracks ever made. In a time where Travis Scott has seemingly exhausted a lot of his creativity on wax, this is a great reminder of the incredible music maker within him. Listening to this production and his autotuned croons sounds like the first time hearing it. – AS

	OG Parker is a name that’s likely familiar to many Hip-Hop and R&B fans thanks to his craftsmanship of multiple hits by various artists across both genres. Now, the boardsman has stepped out from behind the console and into the spotlight with his new EP, Moments. Comprised of a mix of some of the biggest jams he’s credited with scoring over the past few years, Moments serves as a refresher of the producer’s contributions to the game and a welcome victory lap on his part. – PB

	Free Party’s Cut Your Teeth EP is a breath of fresh air. MoCo and Jay Veno bring buttery rap flows to a variety of production efforts throughout the four-track project that clocks in at just under 10 minutes. “ILY” is the standout. With the looping “I love you” vocals in the background, they spit over a smooth beat. They kick the energy up to another level on “EYESPY,” with a fun in-and-out dynamic in the verses. There is a palpable chemistry between these two that isn’t often heard or felt in other collaborations. Needless to say, whatever they do next, people should pay attention. – AS











	After heating up the season with his Summertime Butch project mere weeks ago, Benny doubles back with Buffalo Butch, Vol. 1, a three-song EP that appears to be the latest salvo in an ongoing series of thematic drops. While powered by high-powered collaborations, Buffalo Butch, Vol. 1 is undoubtedly Benny’s show, as the New Yorker remains the central figure amid sterling performances from his costars.

	Teaming up with recurring cohort 38 Spesh, The Butcher compares their chemistry to an iconic ’90s basketball tandem, boasting, “When you think of Benny and Spesh, you think of Penny and Shaq” on the intro cut. Fabolous lyrically cascades on “Hard Way,” the project’s arguable pinnacle and fitting closer, but it’s the song sandwiched in between that’s sure to get the most hype and Benny finally unveils his long-awaited track featuring Drake.

	First teased years ago, “Buffalo Freestyle” finds Drake turning in a verse that’s strong, but falls a bit short of its lofty expectations given the buildup to its release. That said, its presence surely isn’t a detriment to Buffalo Butch, Vol. 1. Benny continues to assert himself as one of the superior wordsmiths in rap today. – PB

	After ten years, Planet Asia’s biggest commercial hit remains a cultural staple; the Cali rep’s artistry has supplanted him from being known as an architect of a stoner anthem. A complete emcee with the respect and props to match, Planet Asia continues to impress on his latest offering, Trust the Chain II, an eight-track affair that captures him plastering his sinewy flow over boom-bap-driven instrumentals. “Checking Traps,” “Crumble Cake,” “Players and Dons,” and the Klass Murda and Tristate-assisted “Illuminati Money,” rank among the project’s most explosive offerings, with Trust The Chain II serving as another admirable addition to Planet Asia’s illustrious catalog. – PB











DC2Trill’s “Alright” sounds like a less animated version of a song Lil Yachty has made in the past. It is the continuation of a trend of rappers spitting their bars slightly offbeat and sounding uninterested in their songs. How are we supposed to be invested if they don’t sound interested themselves? The production is very nice and the repetitive “Alright” is catchy, so that’s good. Ultimately, there aren’t many memorable bars to walk away with or inspire the listener to check out more of DC2Trill’s catalog. Coincidentally, the title of the track describes exactly how the record sounds – “Alright.” – AS

	Just months after the release of her debut album Bare Chat, SadBoi makes a striking return with her latest single, “Fashion Week,” featuring Toronto’s own Smiley. This track, produced by Grammy-nominated Tay Keith, serves as a perfect prelude to the upcoming fashion week, blending high energy with a sharp sense of style. It’s as if SadBoi is making a statement herself—her music is as much a part of the fashion scene as the runway shows it precedes. – PB

Purchase Ka The Thief Next To Jesus
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A post shared by VibeMagazine (@vibemagazine)
Get our latest stories in the feed of your favorite networks
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Sign up for our weekly newsletter
Vibe is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Vibe Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.