Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker's 11-month-old son Rocky Thirteen Barker donned not one, but two Halloween costumes in celebration of spooky season. See the cute photos.
Rocky Barker's Halloween costumes might just be the most interesting to look at.
After all, they've gotten the seal of approval from mom Kourtney Kardashian and dad Travis Barker, who recently shared photos of the 11-month-old dressed in his finest spooky season duds.
One image Travis posted to Instagram Oct. 30 showed Rocky in a black skeleton hooded romper from Posh Peanut, while he was pictured wearing an adorable bat costume in another snapshot.
In a third photo, the tiny tot tapped into the Prince of Darkness himself, rocking a band T-shirt bearing the logo of Ozzy Osbourne's Diary of a Madman album. In keeping up with the spirit of All Hallows' Eve, Rocky was seen holding up a skeleton arm while playing with an inflatable globe.
Travis simply captioned the photos, "October."
This will be Rocky's first Halloween, since he was born at exactly midnight Nov. 1 last year. As documented on The Kardashians, Kourtney endured a three-day labor process before giving birth.
"It's my first natural birth I've experienced," Travis noted—daughter Alabama Barker, 18, son Landon Barker, 21, and stepdaughter Atiana De La Hoya, 25, with ex-wife Shanna Moakler—shared on the show, after Kourtney started having contractions on Oct. 29, 2023. "I'm a little frightened."
But by the following day, nothing progressed and the couple started wondering if Rocky was actually going arrive on the spooky holiday. As the Blink-182 drummer noted, "We said it too much that he was going to be born on Halloween."
Mason Disick, 14, Penelope Disick, 12, and Reign Disick, 9, with ex Scott Disick—ended up being admitted to the hospital on Oct. 31, 2023 and "at 11:45 p.m., my doctor checks me and says, 'It's time.'"
In a stroke of coincidence, Rocky arrived just as Frank Sinatra's "That's Life" was playing in Kourtney's hospital room.
"The way that it all happened is just such a reminder that God's timing is everything," the Poosh founder noted. "It's everything I've ever dreamed of. Everything we've been through to get to this moment, it just feels so surreal."
And for a deep dive into Rocky's first year—including his multiple Halloween costumes—keep reading.
Playtime With Mom
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker's baby boy sported some leopard print while playing with his mother, as seen in this pic the drummer shared on Instagram in honor of his wife's 46th birthday in April 2025.
Beach Vacay
Kourtney Kardashian and her baby boy enjoyed a quiet moment in the shallow ocean.
Celebrating Mom's Birthday
During her 46th birthday trip, Kourtney Kardashian took a break from reviewing some home renovation plans to enjoy the view from their private jet with her baby boy.
Beach Stroller
Kourtney Kardashian and Travis Barker walked hand-in-hand with son Rocky Thirteen Barker while on the beach in a February 2024 Instagram post.
Little Drummer Boy
In January 2025, Travis showed that his son was following in his footsteps when he posted this pic of Rocky behind a mini drum set.
Tiny Learner
Rocky was deep in a book, reading all about the Pixar movie Inside Out 2 in November 2024.
Catching Some Rays
Kourtney took her son for a beach walk, as seen in an Instagram photo she shared in November 2024. 
Disney Dad
On Rocky's first birthday, Travis took his son to meet Mickey Mouse at Disneyland.
House of Mouse
The baby boy got to take home his very own Mickey Mouse balloon during his visit to the Happiest Place on Earth.
Around the World
Rocky played with some unique toys, embracing a globe bouncy ball and a skeleton prop ahead of Halloween.
Bat Baby
For Rocky's first Halloween, Kourtney and Travis dressed him in a sweet bat onesie.
Spook-tacular
At 11 months, Rocky also sported a skeleton outfit for Halloween 2024.
By the Shore
The couple took Rocky to the ocean in an October 2024 snap.
Growing Up Fast
He took in the views in September 2024. 
Spot the Tot
The reality star bundled up in a cheetah print coat as she carried Rocky in this snapshot shared by Travis in September 2024.
Miss You
The Blink-182 drummer kissed his baby boy on the cheek in this September 2024 picture.
Mother-Son Selfie
Say cheese! Kourtney snapped a breastfeeding selfie with Rocky in September 2024.
Tour Life
In August 2024, Kourtney shared photos from the road as the family joined Travis on Blink-182's summer tour, including this snapshot of herself nursing Rocky backstage.
Aliens Exist
Rocky had a blast riding on an UFO buggy backstage at a Blink-182 show.
Father's Day Tribute
"Happy Father’s Day @travisbarker !!" Kourtney wrote to Travis on Instagram on Father's Day 2024, sharing never-before-seen pics of her husband with their son. "Beyond grateful for the Dad that you are to our baby boy, and all of our kids."
Kisses for Baby
Kourtney continued, " You keep us safe and protected and take care of us. Having a family with you is heaven. Happy to celebrate you!"
Sun Day, Fun Day
Kourtney also included this pic of Travis and Rocky in her Father's Day tribute.
The Parenting Show
Travis' daughter Alabama shared this photo of the couple with baby Rocky in June 2024.
Sky's the Limit
Travis played with his baby boy on a private plane.
All the Small Things
The Poosh founder and the rocker shared a sweet kiss while holding their son Rocky, who they welcomed on Nov. 1, 2023.
Mother's Day
Travis commemorated Kourtney's first Mother's Day with Rocky, writing on Instagram in May 2024, "Happy Mother’s Day to my best friend and partner."
Baby Joy
"Our children are so lucky to have you," the musician—who is also dad to step-daughter Atiana de la Hoya, son Landon Barker and daughter Alabama Barker with ex Shanna Moakler—continued in his tribute to Kourtney. "Thank you for filling our home with love, laughter, and joy."
Family Forever
Sharing photos of Kourtney and Rocky, Travis added in his Mother's Day message, "I love you forever and ever my wife @kourtneykardash."
Rock Me to Sleep
Rocky fell asleep during this tender moment with Kourtney, who also shares kids Mason, Penelope and Reign with ex Scott Disick.
Mom Life
Travis shared a sweet look at life with their baby boy, captioning this mother-son photo on Instagram in April 2024, "I love our life together. Thank you for being the most amazing wife a person could ask for."
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.