Filed under:
With the 2024-25 regular season starting in Newark on October 10, the New Jersey Devils announced 20 different theme nights. This post goes over all of them, including a third member being added to the team’s Ring of Honor.
With the regular season starting in New Jersey within the next two weeks, the New Jersey Devils announced their various theme nights for the 2024-25 season this afternoon.  The team even had a video featuring the best mascot in the NHL, N.J. Devil, presenting it on X and other social media platforms. This is a good touch to highlight these nights that the team are highlighting. 
The big highlight among these theme nights is that there will be a third member being added to the New Jersey Devils Ring of Honor.  That will happen on January 22, 2025 when the Devils play Boston. The opponent is likely unrelated to who will be honored.  Last season, Sergei Brylin was honored prior to a game against Dallas.  An absolutely horrible game against Dallas, at that.  This means the possibilities are wide open.  With the listing being for a “member,” I assume it will just be one person. Not necessarily a player. This could be Doc Emrick. It could be a former player, of which you can take your pick of Chico, John MacLean, Jamie Langenbrunner, Travis Zajac, Bruce Driver, Andy Greene, Jay Pandolfo (actually, this one would be game-appropriate, he was on Boston’s staff), John Madden, Scott Gomez, and many, many more. 
The date is also an odd one as this is a Wednesday night.  I am not sure why the team could not find a weekend or a Friday night but if it helps at the gate, then great. I do like the touch that all attendees will get a pin.  
Which is another smaller note I appreciate. Not every giveaway announced is solely limited to the first 9,000 people showing up, which has been the tradition.  Only four (technically five, you’ll see) of them are and they coincide with one of the theme nights the team has announced.  
What I do not appreciate is this part of the announcement from the team.
There will also be several group and heritage nights throughout the season including Jewish Community Night, Ukrainian Heritage Night, Portuguese Heritage Night, Sikh Heritage Night, First Responders Night, ASL Night, and more.
The Devils have done this for years. And it is maddening how bad they are at communicating these smaller nights.  They will make a game (Insert Something) Night, sell tickets to a group associated with it, and tell absolutely nobody else about when it will be.  It may not be much more than an acknowledgment and some things happening on the concourse, but it is still something. Something that can help get some people interested in a game they otherwise would not be. Something that can get some attention beyond the group aware of it. Something that can help make the team some money and add some fans.  The Devils have left money on the table for years by this approach. Which is stupid.  Sure, these nights do not really apply to me personally. But I am already all-in on the sport. Many more are not. Something like this can help them get into the great sport of hockey.  So don’t just bury some of them on this page and not announce it anywhere else! And, yes, I do mean some of them. I’ll bet you didn’t know November 7 is Filipino Heritage Night. Nothing accessible on the Devils’ site will tell you!
Now that I have done my seemingly annual rant about the Devils’ poor marketing, let me make more one more complaint. It does not appear the NHL lifted their No Special On-Ice Warm-up Jerseys stance. A stance they took after Our Hated Rivals, Chicago, and Minnesota pulled the rug on their respective Pride Nights in 2023. There will be specialty jerseys made but you will not see them on the rink. I will continue to say that this is stupid. A lot of the jerseys are well-designed and they are a much more visual outreach than an auction table.  Alas, the softness behind the policy change remains both in the front offices of the league and the fans afraid of seeing something different.
With that all out of the way, let us go over all of the Theme Nights listed by the Devils for the upcoming 2024-25 season.  Out of 40 games, 20 of them are listed on that page. They are:
This year’s slate of Theme Nights is a bit more spread out.  December has a couple more listed compared to last season.  March has more action, albeit all within the second half of the month.  I am surprised that there is only one bobblehead being given away. Maybe the team figures all of the major names have them by now so there is no need to do another one? Or tie one into another theme?  I am not a big bobblehead person myself but some of the People Who Matter absolutely are. They may be disappointed by that.  Still, it is a wide range of themes with a handful of new inclusions or ones with better names.  Will some complain about how there are so many? Sure. This is the Internet. There are complaints about everything.  But some are more warranted than others. 
First, why not bring back Lunar New Year night? It is celebrated across many so it is not an totally obscure night. The Devils host Philly on January 29, which is Lunar New Year in 2025, so it can be done.  The jersey made for that night was really cool. Just bring that back if the team does not want to commission someone else to make a jersey for it.
Second, with all of these heritage nights, why not highlight Portuguese Heritage Night given the team is in Newark rather than just lumped into a list in the announcement? And speaking of misses, where, pray tell, is Italian Heritage Night? Can a marketing and promotion department go through a rebuild? 
OK, I have had my complaints. For the most part, what the Devils did schedule is consistent with what the team did last season and most of them were well-received and appreciated.  Now I turn to you?  Which ones are you most interested in? Do you think the Devils should do more giveaways? Or at least raise the threshold of the first 9,000 fans? Who do you want to be the third member - I presume it is just one person - added to the Ring of Honor? Please leave your answers and other comments about the Devils theme nights in the comments. Thank you for reading.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.