Rapper Travis Scott was released from French police custody without a charge after his arrest at a Paris hotel following an altercation with a security guard, French prosecutors said Saturday. 
In a statement, the Paris prosecutor’s office said, “the police custody order for Travis Scott has been lifted and all proceedings (against him) were terminated because the incident was minor.”
Stream Philadelphia News for free, 24/7, wherever you are with NBC10.
Scott’s US-based representative and his lawyer did not immediately respond to questions from The Associated Press on the development. 
Scott was arrested early Friday after police were called to the Georges V hotel to detain a man “nicknamed Travis Scott for violence against a security guard,” according to the prosecutor's earlier statement. The hotel security guard had intervened in an altercation between the rapper and his bodyguard. 
Get top local Philly stories delivered to you every morning with NBC Philadelphia's News Headlines newsletter.
After Friday's arrest, a representative of the rapper said they were “in direct communication with the local Parisian authorities to resolve this matter swiftly and will provide updates when appropriate.” The representative spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing.
The rapper was in Paris for the Olympics. He watched the United States rally over Serbia in the men's basketball semifinal on Thursday night. 
Scott, one of the biggest stars in hip hop whose birth name is Jacques Webster, has more than 100 songs that made the Billboard Hot 100 and released four singles that topped the chart: “Sicko Mode,” “Highest in the Room,” “The Scotts,” and “Franchise.”
Watch all the action from the Paris Olympic and Paralympic Games live on Peacock
He has two children with his former girlfriend, media personality and businesswoman Kylie Jenner.
In June, Scott was arrested in Miami Beach on misdemeanor charges of trespassing and public intoxication after officers said they had found him at the city’s marina shouting obscenities at people on a yacht and disobeyed their order to leave.
___
Surk reported from Nice, France.