Travis Barker has dished on how his romance with Kourtney Kardashian-Barker blossomed from their shared passion for fitness.
The lovebirds, who tied the knot in 2022 after a whirlwind 18-month romance, were actually tight-knit pals for years. The Blink-182 star revealed to People magazine that their bond was cemented by their mutual love for staying fit and healthy.
He shared: "It's one of the main reasons we were so close. We would always work out together and run together or do stuff like that together before we were ever in a relationship - we were workout buddies forever. It was what started it all." Despite juggling parenting duties with their seven-month-old son Rocky, Travis and Kourtney who is also mum to Mason, 14, Penelope, 11, and nine-year-old Reign with ex Scott Disick still make time to sweat it out together daily, valuing its impact on their overall health.
The rockstar, who is set to headline Reading and Leeds Festival next month explained: "We'll do Pilates together, we'll carve out a half hour or an hour every day to go out." Travis, who also has stepdaughter Atiana, 25, Landon, 20, and Alabama, 18, from his previous marriage, swears by starting and ending his day with a walk, paired with an audiobook or podcast, to maintain a positive mindset and combat sleep issues post-gig.
He said: "[I start the day] by walking 30 minutes while I consume some sort of audiobook or podcast. And I do the same thing at night because I've always struggled with sleeping, especially after shows when I'm wound up and hyper." The Blink-182 drummer said: "I've just found wellness and working out is so critical for everything that I do."
Kourtney "eats a vegan diet probably about 75 percent of the time" and he said he is happy to follow a similar plant-based diet because the Poosh founder "introduced" him to the lifestyle. He added: "She's been great. It's amazing to be with someone that has the same love for wellness."
The musician continued, speaking of his wife's "really good avocado shake": "I stole her shake from her and I've just made that evolve a little bit and I made my own." He concluded: "We're both really into wellness. I introduced her to matcha back in the day. She's introduced me to particular foods."
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.