By SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:38, 8 October 2024   |  Updated:  05:07, 8 October 2024   
 88
View  comments
Travis Kelce failed to impress fans with his outfit as he arrived at Arrowhead Stadium for the Kansas City Chiefs' matchup against the New Orleans Saints on Monday.
The athlete, 34, was supported by superstar girlfriend Taylor Swift, 34, who wowed fans in a Vivienne Westwood off-the-shoulder tartan corset and matching miniskirt, paired with knee-high black leather platform boots. 
But despite the fact that Travis matched the Karma singer in a plaid shirt, he was blasted for looking 'a mess.'
Kelce strolled into the stadium around two hours before kickoff, and paired his oversized short-sleeve shirt with large cream shorts and sunglasses.
He sported a mustache and a hairstyle that was tapered in the back and sides and long on top. 
Travis Kelce, 34, failed to impress fans with his outfit as he arrived at Arrowhead Stadium for the Kansas City Chiefs' matchup against the New Orleans Saints on Monday
TRAVIS KELCE WALKIN’ IN LISTENING TO BOSSMAN DLOW FOR MNF 🔥 📺 #NOvsKC | 8:15 PM ET on ESPN pic.twitter.com/NFXghojyq7
'ok so can taylor’s outfit eat bc travis looks a mess,' one fan wrote. 
'He dressed liked the mighty ducks kids when they wasn't on the ice,' another added. 'Looks like a middle school version of Kelce,' someone else chimed in. 
'He looks like rocky from the mighty morphine power Rangers.'
'Looks like me in 5th grade,' yet another Twitter user added. 
'Walking into the first day of middle school like . . . .'
Some thought the outfit had a vintage vibe to it, writing that Kelce was 'looking like a bully straight out of 1996.' 
'He looks like middle school students when they leave school early to hit the mall lol.'
Yet another person quipped that Travis was the 'Mark Wahlberg of the NFL.'
'Acting this way at 35 years old is embarrassing,' another person wrote underneath an ESPN video of the athlete making his way to the locker room. 
Others took issue with his haircut, with one person writing, 'He needs to get a new haircut,' and another adding, 'Might be the worst haircut in the history of haircuts.'
Last month fans brutally mocked Kelce's 'terrible' new haircut for Chiefs' season opener, saying the 'barber did him dirty.'
The athlete was supported by superstar girlfriend Taylor Swift, 34, who wowed fans in a Vivienne Westwood off-the-shoulder tartan corset and matching miniskirt
He wore a plaid shirt, large shorts and sunglasses, and sported a mustache and a hairstyle that was tapered in the back and sides and long on top, with fans blasting the look 'a mess'
'Ok so can taylor’s outfit eat bc travis looks a mess,' one fan wrote
'He dressed liked the mighty ducks kids when they wasn't on the ice,' another added
'Looks like me in 5th grade,' yet another Twitter user added
'He looks like middle school students when they leave school early to hit the mall lol'
Some thought the outfit had a vintage vibe to it, writing that Kelce was 'looking like a bully straight out of 1996'
'Looks like a middle school version of Kelce,' someone else chimed in
'He looks like rocky from the mighty morphine power Rangers'
Others took issue with his haircut, with one person writing, 'Might be the worst haircut in the history of haircuts'
'He needs to get a new haircut'
'Acting this way at 35 years old is embarrassing,' another person added underneath an ESPN video of the athlete making his way to the locker room
Taylor made her hugely anticipated return to Arrowhead Stadium to cheer on boyfriend Travis, after missing his birthday on Saturday and the last two Kansas City Chiefs games.
Swift made it to the opening two games of the season in Kansas City but then missed the road games at Atlanta Falcons and Los Angeles Chargers.
She has been enjoying a break from her Eras Tour, which starts up again next week in Miami, meaning her absence from Kelce's games was a surprise over the last fortnight.
But she took her seat in the stands, alongside her father Scott, to cheer Kelce on as he bids to lead the Chiefs to a 5-0 start in their pursuit of an historic third straight Super Bowl title. She even had red face glitter on in a subtle show of support for the Chiefs.
Her appearance also silenced fears that the couple may have split after a leaked 'contract' emerged online claiming that they were going to break up in late September.
The document, apparently printed on the headed paper of his US PR company circulated online, Mr Kelce called in the lawyers - and yet, though the break up announcement never materialized, the public hadn't seen them out together since the date listed on the piece of paper.
They were last seen together in New York for the US Open men's final, where they were joined by Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes and his wife, Brittany.
It was also the first time that Swift and Brittany had been seen together since Mahomes publicly backed Donald Trump ahead of the upcoming election - a view at odds with Swift's political allegiance. She has since publicly backed Kamala Harris.
Swift was missing as Kelce celebrated his 35th birthday on Saturday by hosting his charity 'Car Jam' event in Kansas City, raising money for his 87 and Running foundation.
The couple matched in plaid looks
Swift even had red face glitter on in a subtle show of support for the Chiefs
The Bad Blood hitmaker's bejeweled look also included a number of gold accessories
She showed off the magical look on her way to the game
The star waved to fans
She happily cheered her beau on 
She was joined by her father Scott
Last month fans brutally mocked Kelce's 'terrible' new haircut for Chiefs' season opener, saying the 'barber did him dirty'
Kelce has made a stuttering start to the season for the Chiefs but signaled that he is on his way back to his best form in last weekend's hard-fought 17-10 win against the Chargers
But he was caught on camera telling attendees that he anticipated Swift being at the game on Monday to cheer him on against New Orleans Saints.
The tight end at least got to celebrate with his nearest and dearest, with the entire Kelce clan in attendance, including mom Donna, dad Ed, his brother Jason, and Jason's wife Kylie.
Speculation about Taylor heading to Kansas City had swirled all week with a rumor circling about her hiring out a popular barbecue joint Wednesday night for a pre-birthday celebration.
There were no confirmed sightings of the Bad Blood singer, however, who has made considerable efforts to mask her flight details and whereabouts since the foiled terror attack at her Vienna concert in August.
Kelce has made a stuttering start to the season for the Chiefs but signaled that he is on his way back to his best form in last weekend's hard-fought 17-10 win against the Chargers.
He recorded 89 yards with seven receptions in the game - more than he had managed in his first three games combined.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group