Cloudy this evening with showers after midnight. Low 44F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%..
                                
Cloudy this evening with showers after midnight. Low 44F. Winds NNE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 40%.
 Updated: May 3, 2025 @ 5:26 pm
Editor
This story appeared in 'Meeting Minutes & More,' a weekly, six-page special section in the print editions of Friday's News-Gazette reported and written by Editor Jeff D'Alessio and designed by News Editor Joel Leizer. Click here to read an electronic version of this week's section. Click here to subscribe to The News-Gazette.
To subscribe, click here.
To submit a letter to the editor, click here.
To pitch a 'My Turn' guest column, email jdalessio@news-gazette.com.
Want to purchase today's print edition? Here's a map of single-copy locations.
Sign up for our daily newsletter here
Before they decide to shift to remote learning, call off Sunday services, send out the plows or close shop early, where do local decision makers turn first for their weather information?
That’s what we asked a panel of 72 school superintendents, pastors, township road commissioners, public works officials, mayors and village presidents as we wind down the week of the big chill.
— “Also, having 51 years of experience doing this helps,” says Tuscola city services foreman Denny Cruzan, who came aboard one year after what had been known as the United States Weather Bureau changed its name to the National Weather Service.
On one of Urbana schools Superintendent Jennifer Ivory-Tatum‘s screens Tuesday: the district homepage. On the other: the latest from the National Weather Service’s forecast office.
— The majority of area school district heads surveyed are frequent visitors to weather.gov or forecast.weather.gov, with Urbana’s Jennifer Ivory-Tatum and Arcola’s Tom Mulligan frequently using the sites’ customization tools to search by hour and element.
“There seems to be more detail there,” says first-year Superintendent Michael Tresnak, who ordered his first remote learning day at DeLand-Weldon this week, based on the 15-below wind chill the National Weather Service predicted for Piatt County on Tuesday.
— Westville Superintendent Seth Miller monitors the forecast in Vermilion County via the National Weather Service app while Bement’s Mary Vogt, St. Joseph-Ogden’s Brian Brooks and Iroquois County’s David Adriano pore over the automated NWS forecasts delivered to their email inboxes.
“I signed up for that my first year as a superintendent, and it has been extremely helpful,” Brooks says.
Countryside Head of School Krystal Young was on her laptop Tuesday morning checking the latest forecast from her most-visited bookmark of the week — the National Weather Service.
— The day-out forecast at weather.gov may inspire the Rev. Jason Braaten to email congregants at Tuscola’s Immanuel Lutheran Church but never call off services altogether. “I don’t cancel for weather,” he says. “I might send out a note for folks to use their judgment, but usually someone ends up showing up even if your cancellation was announced because they didn’t get the memo.”
Jacob Dickey
— The preferred prognosticator for United Methodist Church pastors and smalltown decision makers, including Hoopeston Mayor Jeff Wise, who says: “They tend to cover our area with more detail than most of the alternatives.”
Jacob Dickey was singled out as the meteorologist worth watching by Josh Eisenmenger, highway commissioner in Pesotum Township, and the Rev. Gail Meyers, pastor of Sadorus and Tolono UMC.
“He seems most reliable and goes deeper on what may possibly lie ahead and the dangers and impacts,” Meyers says.
— “My wife and I grew up watching Mr. Roberts on Channel 3. Always the first place we turned to,” and still is for the Rev. Jeff Stahl, pastor of Urbana Countryside and Ogden UMC.
— “My go-to is WCIA Channel 3. Always,” says the Rev. Susan Schultz, pastor at Fisher, Rantoul and Mahomet Shiloh UMC.
— Among the other local faith leaders in the WCIA weather fan club: the Revs. Willie Comer (Champaign Berean Covenant), Matt Matthews (Champaign First Presbyterian), Robert Freeman (Urbana First United Methodist) and David Almy (Indianola and Ridge Farm UMC), who called off church last Sunday “not just because of the temperature but because it was snowing after dark Saturday. That, with the temperature, made getting the sidewalks safe for Sunday morning (a challenge). We have several mature members that need clear sidewalks.”
— The brainchild of 1957 University of Illinois journalism grad John Coleman launched as a cable TV channel in 1980. But it’s what came much later — The Weather Channel’s app — that earned the top reviews from our panel.
“During a storm, I am probably on the app at least once per hour looking at the radar,” says Eric Crowley, the village of Mahomet’s superintendent of streets and maintenance.
“I use the The Weather Channel app almost exclusively,” says Clinton schools Superintendent Curt Nettles, “but I will match it up to the NWS website sometimes to be sure of consistency.”
— For Shiloh Superintendent Bill Myers‘ money, the $29.99-a-year cost of the app’s premium subscription option — which comes with new forecasts every 15 minutes, “premium radar” and no ads — is well worth it. “I have found it very reliable,” says Myers, who’s also part of a text chain with road commissioners in the district. “They keep me well informed.”
— In the village of Tolono, weather-related decisions frequently don’t happen before public works head
Todd Heath scans the forecast via WAND’s app and The Weather Channel. Then he does several minutes worth of his own on-the-ground reporting. “There are times when I will wake up early to check the roads,” he says. “I personally like to check to better make that call.”
— Other members of The Weather Channel-first club: superintendents Michelle Lindenmeyer (Milford) and Scott Amerio (Rantoul High) and the Rev. Julia Abel, pastor at United Methodist churches in Seymour and White Heath.
— Or, more specifically, Accuweather for Business, the paid service Urbana subscribes to for notifications prepared specifically for the city.
“These reports provide anticipated start and end times along with a thorough description of potential impacts for all anticipated weather events,” says Deputy Director for Operations Vince Gustafson. “A real benefit of this are 24/7 push notifications sent directly to myself and the supervisors responsible for making the decision how to best respond to the conditions.”
That said, come decision time, experience counts as much as even the top-of-the-line technology, Gustafson says: “Understanding the impact of pavement temperatures, wind speed, traffic volumes and all the other variables that come into play is the true key.”
— The commercial weather forecasting service founded by a Penn State grad student in 1962 is a daily destination this time of year for Villa Grove schools Superintendent Carol Munson (also a fan of Weather Underground), Blue Ridge Superintendent Hillary Stanifer, Ludlow Mayor Steve Thomas and LeRoy Mayor Steve Dean, who doesn’t need an internet connection for his other tried and true method: “Sometimes, we just look out the window.”
— When the weather is particularly frightful, Farmer City Trinity Community Fellowship Pastor Dave Ashby follows a look at his phone with a call to his son — recently promoted Urbana fire Battalion Chief Mark Ashby. “As a local first responder, he has access to the weather reporting that they utilize,” Dad says.
— No matter what the Rev. Jeff Mayfield‘s iPhone shows, chances are, church services will go on at LeRoy Christian.
“We feel like people can use their own common sense to make decisions pertaining to their safety and the safety of their family,” he says. “We are not pre-school toddler teachers and they don’t need us to hold their collective hand. In fact, they’re usually more dialed in than we are.
“In addition, I can’t imagine standing before a Creator God who knows we attended ball games in extreme weather, that we went to the grocery stores and the gas stations when it was bad out, but that for some reason, we decided to cancel worship.”
Pritchard
— For a mix of spectacular photography and easy-to-follow local forecasting, chambanaweather.com’s Pritchard is well worth a follow on Facebook. “He is who I rely on most for weather events,” Heritage schools Superintendent Tom Davis says. “The first thing I do each morning is read The News-Gazette on my phone app and check Andrew’s Facebook weather posts.”
— If the plows are out and about in Champaign, it’s a good bet that the subscription service the city contracts with recommended doing so. In addition to offering condition updates and forecasts, the service “allows us to log in and ask specific questions about timing of weather, predictions of accumulation and temperatures,” says Champaign Public Works’ Kris Koester.
Eric Snodgrass
— The Rev. Randy Boltinghouse, pastor at Windsor Road Christian Church, calls Nutrien Ag Solutions’ C-U-based principal atmospheric scientist “my go-to guide for weather, especially as it relates to church gatherings. Eric is a meteorological rock star. He’s been ranked among the top 40 meteorologists in the nation. Ag producers rely on Eric’s expertise for their operations. He crisscrosses the country sharing his scholarship and knowledge of atmospheric science with amazing, engaging presentations.
“And, he’s only a text away. I get to be his pastor!”
— When the long-range forecast shows a storm system could be headed Douglas County’s way, James Hendrix is monitoring multiple services — the NOAA website, Neoweather, The Weather Channel and WCIA — for “a best-case and worst-case plan of action.”
Says Bowdre Township’s highway commissioner: “I have yet to see any one meteorologist be better than 50 percent five to seven days ahead of storms. Several get close at 24 hours, but a system can move 20 miles one direction or another.”
— Muncie Mayor Synthia Lane was monitoring or receiving weather updates from six different sources on the coldest day of 2024 — including her Apple app, which had sent eight separate wind chill advisories by 4 p.m.
— Jeremy Darnell‘s most reliable reading often comes from reaching out to fellow superintendents near Gibson City-Melvin-Sibley. “I do not rely on them because they are weather experts; I rely on them because they all, like me, use multiple sources and personal experiences to make informed decisions.”
— Ditto for Paxton-Buckley-Loda’s Travis Duley, who found himself toggling between three weather sites last week but also seeking insight from trusted school leaders. “The forecasts are helpful,” he says, “but the thoughts and experiences of other superintendents who have made these decisions several times before and my administrative team are irreplaceable.”
After Rita Conerly told the township board “I’ve learned the right way to advocate for people, not necessarily as I have in the past," Mark Medlyn implored members to "do the right thing and find a different candidate for this position."
“If we need to have a cease-fire resolution, let’s work on language for a true cease-fire resolution that remembers this word ‘and’ and has compassion for all who are impacted by this conflict," Sinai Temple Rabbi Alan Cook tells the Urbana city council. PLUS: The latest on Urbana's two new fire stations.
Count Tess Testory, Mayor Scott Testory’s black lab, among the locals happy to see a dog park coming to Farmer City.
After a year of borrowing the driver's ed car for FFA functions and using the Mahomet Area Youth Club's wheels on busy days, Mahomet-Seymour will order a new activity bus and renew the lease on the only current bus in its fleet.
"
The News-Gazette mobile app brings you the latest local breaking news, updates, and more.  Read the News-Gazette on your mobile device just as it appears in print.
 

                            Pick the brain of multimedia reporter Kathy Reiser.
                        

                            Have a question for 25-year Vermilion County beat writer Jennifer Bailey? Submit them here and she'll respond each Thursday.
                        
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers: