Patrick Mahomes is a Swiftie through and through.
Following the Kansas City Chiefs’ big win at the 2024 Super Bowl Sunday night, the famed quarterback participated in a lightning-speed Q&A from Disneyland about his life.
“What’s the last song you sang in the shower?” an ESPN interviewer asked Mahomes Monday.
“‘Love Story’ by Taylor Swift,” he responded after taking a second-long pause to ponder.
The NFL star, 28, also revealed that he has more than 300 unread text messages since defeating the San Francisco 49ers.
“So, I need to catch up,” he quipped.
Swifties flooded the comments section to praise Mahomes for giving his teammate Travis Kelce’s girlfriend‘s 2008 hit a shout-out.
“Awww love story by Taylor swift,” commented one TikTok user.
“Mahomes confirms swiftie status,” added another.
One viewer pointed out that the QB must have had “Love Story” stuck in his head from one of his team’s various Super Bowl afterparties in Las Vegas.
Video showed Kelce and Swift, both 34, dancing and kissing while a techno version of the song blasted throughout XS Nightclub at the Wynn hotel following the big game.
The pair were all smiles as they celebrated the Chiefs’ back-to-back Super Bowl wins, having defeated the 49ers 25-22 in overtime this year.
For more Page Six you love…
It was a big night for the pop star’s music catalog, as the tight end also found himself belting out her hit “You Belong With Me” at Zouk Nightclub as they pointed at each other from across the packed room.
The couple, who have been dating since the summer, looked completely loved-up throughout the night despite her parents, Andrea and Scott Swift, hilariously standing nearby.
“Accidentally going clubbing with your parents is something everyone should try at least once in their life,” Swift captioned a TikTok video Monday.
Fans went wild over the fact that the “White Horse” singer had finally posted Kelce on one of her social media accounts.
“That’s her first relationship to be this public,” one fan gushed. “She’s so in love, so happy for her.”
“Taylor with the hard launch,” another chimed in, while a third added, “Her first time posting anything with Trav in it — I love them.”
Advertisement