Photo: Getty Images
The holiday season is the perfect opportunity for everyone to give back to their communities however they can. Artists like Travis Scott are dedicated to making kids smile during Christmastime every year. Before Santa came to town, La Flame and his Cactus Jack Foundation hosted their fifth annual Winter Wonderland theme park and holiday drive. Scott teamed up with his family HBCU alma mater, Texas Southern University (TSU), and the Houston Food Bank to provide 1,000 families from the Houston community with toys, bikes, sneakers, food and more. They gave away 2,000 toys & bikes, 1,000 bags of food and 200 Nike Cactus Jack sneakers. 
Meanwhile in Atlanta, 21 Savage and his Leading By Example organization hosted their 6th annual Holiday Toy Drive before Christmas. 21 and his team took over the Porter Sanford III Performing Arts & Community Center in Panthersville to give away over 3,000 toys, bicycles, clothes and meals to more than 1,000 families with children. The rapper's efforts were recognized by Georgia's Rep. Hank Johnson and DeKalb County Commissioner Mereda Davis Johnson, who presented the team with four proclamations and two community action awards. One of the proclamations declared December 21 as "21 Savage Leading By Example Day" in DeKalb County, Ga. The official day was presented to 21 for "highlighting his ongoing contributions to the community ahead of the holidays,” according to the foundation's spokesperson.
In addition to Travis Scott and 21 Savage, Yung Miami also hosted a toy drive in her hometown of Miami, Fla. and the TDE squad hosted its annual "TDE Christmas Concert & Toy Drive" at Nickerson Gardens in Watts, Calif. Check out more scenes from other holiday events by DaBaby, Quavo and more below. Yung Miami hosts Caresha Gives in Miami
Kendrick Lamar, Doechii, ScHoolboy Q & more perform at "TDE Christmas Concert & Toy Drive" 
DaBaby holds 4th annual Christmas Drive in Charlotte, N.C. 
Quavo and Quavo Cares host 2nd annual Quavo Farms in Atlanta
Uncle Luke & City of Miami host Toy Giveaway