Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
The family that went viral last year for its Taylor Swift-themed Christmas house has returned to the theme in 2024, this time including references to the singer's latest album.
Amy and Brian Scott found internet fame in 2023 after they decorated their home in Naperville, Illinois, by highlighting four of the singer's eras: Red, Speak Now, 1989 and Evermore.
Swift says the term "eras" refers not only to her album titles but also to the world and atmosphere she creates for each release.
Fans of the pop superstar turned up to the house in droves to soak up the family's impressive handiwork and to identify each of the special nods toward the singer. The venue was so popular, even Google Maps updated the address to "Swiftmas House."
This year, the Scotts have incorporated Reputation, Folklore and The Tortured Poets Department, which was released on April 19, into their lights display.
Newsweek emailed a spokesperson for Swift for comment on Tuesday.
In the Folklore section, a moss-covered cottage replicates a set piece from Swift's Eras Tour. Inside is a chandelier, a stool and a cardigan—a reference to the song "Cardigan." Placed throughout the area are quotes on placards; among them a sign inspired by the album's track "Seven," with the phrase: "Love you to the moon and to Saturn."
In the area dedicated to Tortured Poets, there is a six-foot cardboard cutout of Swift wearing a Vivienne Westwood white dress. A vintage typewriter reminiscent of the one in Swift's Fortnight video takes center stage. Its keys spell out the message: "May you have a holiday season filled with joy, peace, and love."
The Reputation section of the decorations showcases a glass case containing a silhouette of Swift in the striking red-and-black catsuit she wore on tour alongside a red rotary phone. The phone is a nod to the song "Anti-Hero," as a similar phone appears in the music video.
The roof of the Scotts' house features a cutout of Swift's boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, holding a light-up "Taylor's Version" sign. "Taylor's Version" represents the re-recordings of earlier albums that Swift released following a rights dispute with music mogul Scooter Braun. The record executive purchased Big Machine Records, Swift's first label, in 2019, giving him ownership of her first six albums.
In the display, Kelce is dressed in the three-piece suit he wore when he made a surprise appearance on stage at Swift's concert in Wembley Stadium in London, U.K. During a performance of "The Smallest Man Who Ever Lived," Kelce picked up the singer after she appeared to swoon.
Swift has not yet acknowledged the Scotts' house but during an interview with USA Today, Emily, one of the couple's daughters, said she hoped the singer would see photos and videos. "I would hope that she would be in awe and love that we're doing this," she told the publication.
The family was first inspired to go with a Swift theme last year after being inspired by watching the Taylor Swift: The Eras Tour movie. The front lawn in 2023 included large friendship bracelets spelling out "Joy," "Peace" and "Love" wrapped around a tree, signs with the names of Swift's albums, and a metal cutout of the singer wearing a Santa hat.
Every Christmas, the Scotts decorate their house with a theme. In 2016, they honored the Chicago Cubs World Series win. In 2019 and 2020, they created their own Candy Land, and in 2022 they did Toy Story.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on radio. She has extensively covered pop culture, women's rights and lifestyle topics throughout her career and has interviewed numerous celebrities, including Jude Law, Billy Crystal and country singer Lainey Wilson. Originally from Sydney, Australia, Billie moved to London in 2019. She joined Newsweek in 2023 and has previously written for Stylist, Cosmopolitan, Popsugar, Metro.co.uk, The Mirror and Business Insider, just to name a few. She studied Media (Communications and Journalism) at the University of New South Wales. Languages: English. You can get in touch with Billie by emailing b.schwabdunn@newsweek.com, and on X at @billie_sd.
Billie is a Newsweek Pop Culture and Entertainment Reporter based in London who has appeared online, in print and on                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC