Khloe Kardashian was brought close to tears after watching an adorable throwback video of her baby daughter True and sister Kourtney Kardashian.
Kourtney, 44, shared the intimate moment captured on camera on her Instagram stories on Saturday. In the clip, the oldest Kardashian sister chatted away to baby True, who smiled and sneezed cutely. 39-year-old Khloe held her daughter throughout the video, lightly tapping her nose as both sisters beamed at the infant.
"This smile @khloekardashian," Kourtney wrote alongside the video, adding crying and smiling emojis. Khloe quickly reshared the post, asking her sister: "Are you trying to make me cry?"
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Inside Kim and Khloe Kardashian's lavish New Year's Eve family ski trip to Utah with kids
The Good American founder shares five-year-old True and son Tatum Thompson, one, with her on-off boyfriend Tristan Thompson. The couple have had a famously tumultuous relationship, with the 32-year-old NBA star being embroiled in a number of high-profile cheating scandals.
Meanwhile, Kourtney welcomed son Rocky Thirteen Barker, her first child with her husband Travis Barker, on November 1. The Kardashians star also shares Mason, 14, Penelope 11, and Reign, eight, with her ex, Scott Disick, 40.
Despite the sweet social media exchange between the pair, Kourtney and Khloe’s relationship has been somewhat strained in recent months. Kourtney recently called out all of her sisters for their cruel behaviour after they reportedly formed a group chat called ‘Not Kourtney’ in which they complained about her.
Kourtney was also notably absent from Kim and Khloe’s joint New Year celebration ski trip, in which they took their collective six kids to snowy Utah. The family trip included a private jet to travel for their time on the slopes, with both sisters treating fans to pics from the plane and their stunning chalet stay.
Alongside the family drama, Kourtney has been keeping an unusually low profile since the birth of her son, sparking concern that she may be stepping out of the spotlight for good. A source previously told The US Sun: "Friends are worried she'll never return to public life - at least not at the level she was."
Fans have previously suggested the Hulu star is keeping herself and baby Rocky away from the public eye for health reasons considering her famously difficult pregnancy. In September, she endured gruelling surgery to save the life of her unborn baby.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.