KANSAS CITY, Mo. (KCTV) - The Kansas City Chiefs travel into unfamiliar playoffs territory. The Chiefs-Bills game is the first road game for Patrick Mahomes in the playoffs. Follow the live blog below for major game updates from Buffalo and here in Kansas City!
8:42 p.m. - Chiefs win! Kansas City heads to Baltimore for the AFC Championship!
8:38 p.m. - He missed it!!! No way!
8:33 p.m. - Two minutes to go. Drama. Again. What a game.
NEVER WANT THIS GAME TO ENDCBS | @paramountplus pic.twitter.com/N6LriDbw8p
8:31 p.m. - Ain’t this the truth:
America, y’all better be grateful the Chiefs give you the most entertaining game every weekend.  Kansas Citians, make sure you remind all those special people in your lives on heart medication to take their pills.
8:30 p.m. - Wow. Chiefs have two huge opportunities for potential turnovers but can’t come up with either one. Bills pick-up huge 4th and 3.
8:25 p.m. - Big third down pick-up by the Bills. Dawson Knox picks up the first down, but is injured on the play.
8:24 p.m. - It’s officially winning time!
WE ARE HEADING TOWARDS CULMINATION CBS | @paramountplus pic.twitter.com/bYLOpzgy7q
8:20 p.m. - Bills get a big stop after the penalty. Chiefs punt. 24-20 Kansas City with under 9 to play.
8:17 p.m. - A monumental flag. Wow. Chiefs maintain possession after pass interference call against the Bills.
8:15 p.m. - Your thoughts?
Let’s fire up the debate again. 🗳️
8:13 p.m. - Chiefs get a huge stop after Bills can’t come up with big play down the field. Big answer after the Hardman fumble. Chiefs take over after 39-yard punt.
8:10 p.m. - I think a lot of Chiefs fans are asking the same question as KCTV5 anchor/reporter Nathan Brennan.
Pacheco has been BULLYING the Bills defense all game. Why call that play?
8:07 p.m. - Call is overturned. Bills take over. Oh my. KCTV5′s Mark Poulose knew the whole time.
That ball is out.That’s a touchback.Gut check time.
8:06 p.m. - Huge moment. Hardman ruled down by contact as ball goes through the endzone. Currently under review. Game changing call, coming up.
TOUCHBACK???WHAT DO YOU SEE? pic.twitter.com/iDrRMgG0md
8:03 p.m. - It’s a fake! And the Chiefs stop Damar Hamlin short! What an incredible turn of events!
8:02 p.m. - INJURY UPDATE:
G Joe Thuney is questionable to return with a chest injury.
8:00 p.m. - It’s getting rowdy at Power & Light after that Pacheco touchdown!
P&L reacts to the Chiefs taking a 27-24 lead. #ChiefsKingdom pic.twitter.com/1Kxi76FnyV
7:59 p.m. - Fans at Maloney’s in Overland Park LOVED that Pacheco touchdown!
Chiefs take the lead again!! The fans at Maloney’s are LOUD & PROUD! @KCTV5 pic.twitter.com/wnTq5BmHuy
7:56 p.m. - Touchdown Chiefs! Pacheco SLAMS his way into the endzone! Chiefs back in front 27-24!
The Chiefs take the lead pic.twitter.com/kxTDVXwFqM
7:54 p.m. - We are officially underway in the 4th quarter!
7:51 p.m. - That’s the end of the 3rd quarter. Bills lead 24-20 but the Chiefs are driving. Onto the 4th we go in Buffalo!
7:50 p.m. - Good action from the Chiefs offense after the Bills touchdown. Mahomes to MVS has the Chiefs right back in the red zone!
7:45 p.m. - Another look at this incredible throw and catch by the Bills. We’ve got ourselves another classic in the making! 24-20 Bills, late 3rd quarter.
What a dime, what a grab pic.twitter.com/4cUI8hvium
7:43 p.m. - An incredible throw by Josh Allen and an even better catch by Khalil Shakir puts the Bills back on top, 24-20.
THAT WAS INSANE!!!!! pic.twitter.com/gSLaLmYaeG
7:36 p.m. - The Bills continue to be impressive on the ground. Continuing to gash the normally-stout Chiefs defense.
7:32 p.m. - The Chiefs celebrate the historic touchdown from Mahomes to Kelce. The 16th TD connection in the playoffs! Congrats to Patrick and Travis!
A lesson in chemistry. Congrats, @patrickmahomes and @tkelce! pic.twitter.com/QCwuoteA5J
7:29 p.m. - Chiefs take a 20-17 lead on a record-breaking touchdown from Mahomes to Kelce!
.@PatrickMahomes & @tkelce now hold the record for most postseason TDs by a duo 👏 (16)📺: #KCvsBUF on CBS📱: Stream on #NFLPlus https://t.co/FR6a2VkD33 pic.twitter.com/06vZc3hAuZ
KCTV5 Sports Director breaks down notable first half stats.
Notable first-half stats (all related):BUF: 124 rush yardsBUF: 19:07 time of possession KC: ran only 21 (!?!) offensive plays
Josh Allen ends up in the endzone with 27-seconds left in the half. Bills retake the lead.
Many Chiefs fans say the location of the game won’t matter. They are all in saying “in playoff Patrick we trust.”
Fans at Maloney’s Bar in Overland Park go wild after Kelce makes a stunning TD!
TOUCHDOWN KANSAS CITY!! Fans are wild here at Maloney’s in Overland Park! @KCTV5 pic.twitter.com/nbGaKFMaJh
NO. 1 HYPE MAN!!!!@JasonKelce x @newheightshow pic.twitter.com/S9k3shjOf5
No Quarterback - Receiver duo in league history has connected for more postseason Touchdowns than Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelce with 15.This is also Kelce's 20th straight playoff game with 3+ catches, extending his NFL record. #ChiefsKingdom @KCTV5 pic.twitter.com/yJscd1Qdqu
Was thinking this same thing.NFL/Bills need to get this sorted out ASAP.Completely unacceptable. https://t.co/7z6EbS20q9
Willie Gay was in the locker room with a neck injury during the 2nd quarter while defensive back Mike Edwards is out with a concussion.
LB Willie Gay is questionable to return with a neck injury.
Respectfully, no.We are riding the Taylor Swift rocket ship to the Super Bowl whether people like it or not 🚀#ChiefsKingdom https://t.co/at8olJF1v7
Chiefs Kingdom is ready!! Tune in for pre and post-game coverage and watch the Chiefs take on the Buffalo Bills at 5:30 only on @KCTV5! pic.twitter.com/VDB7HHnGfC
I feel like I always make these Hawaiian roll sliders for Chiefs watch parties, but they are incredibly good! 😋 GO CHIEFS! pic.twitter.com/81S7AxhPrM
Copyright 2024 KCTV. All rights reserved.