Travis Kelce still can’t get over Taylor Swift’s “Karma” lyric change.
The NFL star had the best reaction to his girlfriend singing that “karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me” — as opposed to “the guy on the screen” — during the pop star’s second London Eras Tour show.
Kelce, 34, was caught on camera dancing and belting out the hit song on Saturday before putting his hand to his ear to catch the line, per a fan’s TikTok.
the guy on the chiefs showed up during Karma last night! #traviskelce #karmaistheguyonthechiefs #theerastour #londontstheerastour #tstheerastour #traviskelcetaylorswift #karma #taylorswift #swifttok 
When the tight end heard the reference, he high-fived a nearby Swiftie.
Social media users praised Swift’s “proud” partner for “embracing” her fans and “eat[ing] up” the shoutout.
“It was so nice of Tay Tay and Travvy to invite us all on their date at Wembley [Stadium]!!” one joked.
Others called the “Catching Kelce” alum a “good sport” who “gives such dad vibes in the best way.”
The three-time Super Bowl winner, who has been dating Swift since last summer, has attended all three of her London shows since her performances kicked off on Friday.
Travis brought his brother, Jason Kelce, to the first concert and sat with Swift’s parents, Andrea Swift and Scott Swift, during the third.
However, he left his seat for a headline-making surprise appearance on Sunday during the “I Can Do It With a Broken Heart” transition.
Follow Page Six’s coverage of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s whirlwind romance
Fans freaked as Travis took the stage in a suit and top hat, carrying Taylor to a couch after she pretended to faint.
He was all smiles as he assisted two backup dancers in fanning the Grammy winner.
Travis subsequently fanned himself as Taylor shed her long white dress to reveal a matching bralette and high-waisted bottoms.
He beckoned the songwriter to the center of the stage to perform her hit from “The Tortured Poets Department.”
Travis has been a regular at Taylor’s Eras Tour shows, previously watching her perform in Missouri, Buenos Aires, Singapore, Sydney and Paris.
When Taylor made the “Karma” lyric change during a November 2023 show in Argentina, Kelce’s shocked expression was caught on camera.
The lyrics previously referenced Taylor’s ex Joe Alwyn, whom she dated from 2016 to 2023.
The actor, 33, broke his silence on their breakup in an interview with the Times last week, saying it had been “difficult” to navigate in the public eye.
Advertisement