Manage your account
Live Nation has settled with nearly 100 victims related to Travis Scott’s Astroworld Festival tragedy ahead of a scheduled court date.
According to the Dallas Morning News, the settlements come days ahead of the set trial. The outlet reported Scott, Live Nation, and venue operator SMG, a division of ASM Global Parent Inc., were due to stand trial Tuesday (Oct. 22) involving three bellwether plaintiffs.
The plaintiffs suffered from injuries ranging from a collapsed lung to emotional distress. The settlement was agreed to after the Texas Supreme Court denied a petition from Live Nation in an attempt to prevent the deposition of its CEO, Michael Rapino.
Two plaintiffs, Angel Dominguez and Elizabeth Martinez, reached confidential settlement agreements last Friday while a third plaintiff, Henry Nguyen, will have his trial rescheduled. According to the outlet, the settlements resolved the claims of about 100 of nearly 1000 plaintiffs. 
The deadly event in 2021 resulted in the deaths of 10 people during a crowd surge, the youngest victim being nine years old. In the lawsuits, Scott and the festival operators are accused of selling too many tickets, exceeding the venue’s capacity.
Earlier this year, Scott’s legal team argued that the 32-year-old shouldn’t be held responsible for the mass casualty, labeling him as “merely an onstage performer,” in a request to dismiss the rapper from the lawsuits.
“Like any other adrenaline-inducing diversion, music festivals must balance exhilaration with safety and security—but that balance is not the job of performing artists, even those involved in promoting and marketing performances,” detailed lawyer, Daniel Petrocelli. “Which only makes sense: Performing artists, even those who engage in certain promotional activities, have no inherent expertise or specialized knowledge in concert safety measures, venue security protocols, or site-design.”
More from VIBE.com
Travis Scott's Circus Maximus Tour Breaks Ticket Sales Record, Surpassing Drake
GloRilla, Juicy J, Yung Miami, And More To Perform At 2024 BET Hip-Hop Awards
Travis Scott Named 2024 I Am Hip Hop Honoree At BET Hip-Hop Awards
Sign up for Vibe's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.