editions
Copyright © 2025 HipHopDX
All Rights Reserved
AD LOADING...
Not letting Diddy’s legal drama overshadow Hip Hop’s new offerings, this week’s New Music Friday albums spotlight burns bright thanks to Future‘s eagerly anticipated new project Mixtape Pluto.
The mixtape extends the Freebandz boss’ 2024 hot streak following his two chart-topping joint albums with Metro Boomin, but does his current run compare to his 2014-15 spree of Monster, Beast Mode, 56 Nights and DS2?
AD LOADING...
Elsewhere, The Alchemist continues his own prolific purple patch that began, well, two decades ago with his latest (and aptly-titled) solo album The Genuine Articulate, while Lil Tecca gets more personal without sacrificing his earworm melodies or ear for catchy beats on his fourth LP Plan A.
New offerings from MC Lyte, Blu and Exile, Kay Flock, OMB Peezy and Jake One, plus a posthumous compilation from the late Lil Peep, round out this week’s new albums.
See the full list below and be sure to check out this new’s best new singles featuring tracks from GloRilla, 4Batz and Lil Baby, Meek Mill and more.
Featuring: N/A
Production: Southside, Wheezy, ATL Jacob, London On Da Track, Da Honorable C.N.O.T.E.
Label: Freebandz / Epic Records
After dropping two blockbuster albums with Metro Boomin, Future extends his 2024 hot streak with his third project of the year. While We Don’t Trust You and We Still Don’t Trust were star-studded affairs, Mixtape Pluto finds Hendrix riding solo dolo for 18 tracks, despite a rumored appearance from Travis Scott.
The mixtape also pauses Pluto and Metro’s prolific partnership as the Freebandz boss relies on beats from other close collaborators like Southside, Wheezy and ATL Jacob. Despite not appearing in the credits, late Organized Noize legend and Future’s cousin Rico Wade looms large over the tape, with the cover art being a tribute to the Dungeon, the modest basement studio in Atlanta where they both started out.
“My cousin never died in my eyes.. Rico Wade u already know what u mean to me!” Hendrix wrote on X as Mixtape Pluto landed on streaming services. “I Thank the most high for blessin me with the greatest human being that it could Ever b! Billionaire status buz [watch] over us.”
Featuring: ScHoolboy Q, Conway The Machine, Havoc, Action Bronson, Larry June, Big Body Bes
Production: The Alchemist
Label: ALC
Another rap veteran who never stops going in (word to the late Rich Homie Quan), The Alchemist continues to age like fine wine with his ninth project in two years. The Genuin Articulate features usual suspects like ScHoolboy Q, Conway The Machine and Action Bronson, but it also finds the legendary producer occupying the other side of the booth as he spits verse on several tracks, including some that are entirely solo affairs.
AD LOADING...
Featuring: Don Toliver
Production: Taz Taylor, Rio Leyva, Census, Vendr, Noah Mejia
Label: Galactic Records / Republic Records
Lil Tecca continues to prove he’s one of the game’s most quietly consistent rappers with his fourth album Plan A. With Internet Money hitmaker Taz Taylor heavily involved with the production once again, the Queens, New York native invites fans further into his Virgo world.
“Plan A summarizes my plan for life. It’s never a plan B,” Tecca told the Associated Press in a recent interview. “This one is definitely way more personal. I’m speaking about things I’ve never spoken [about] like my mom and stuff like that. So I kind of just wanted to let people take another step closer to me, on the personal side.”
Featuring: Stevie Wonder, Big Daddy Kane, Queen Latifah, Ghostface Killah, Common, Muni Long, Raheem DeVaughn, Lil Mama
Production: Warryn Campbell, Nottz, Easy Mo Bee, DJ Scratch, Koncept
Label: My Block Inc.
From LL Cool J and Rakim, 2024 has seen the surprise return of several rap veterans — and the next to make an unexpected (but no less welcome) comeback is MC Lyte. Her first album in almost a decade, 1 of 1 looks to make a statement as the female rap pioneer is joined by a host of big names including Big Daddy Kane, Queen Latifah, Ghostface Killah and Common, as well as the legendary Stevie Wonder.
AD LOADING...
Featuring: Kurupt, Fashawn, KXNG Crooked, Aloe Blacc, RBX, Georgia Ann Muldrow, Cashus King, Ahmad Anwar
Production: Exile
Label: Dirty Science
17 years after first joining forces for the cult classic Below the Heavens — which Vince Staples recently credited with changing his life — Blu and Exile reunite for their fourth full-length collaboration. Love (the) Ominous World features a few faces that longtime fans of the soulful SoCal duo will be familiar with (Fashawn, Aloe Blacc, Cashus King), as well as a trio of West Coast rap legends in Kurupt, KXNG Crooked and RBX.
Featuring: N/A
Production: Greaf, Kryptik, Haardtek, Fleance, Dylan Ross, mysticphonk
Label: Death Note / AWAL
Featuring: Lil Tjay, B-Lovee, Stunna, Kenzo Balla, TG Crippy, AC Zoe
Production: Project Kidz, Kenoe, Glo Banks, Marcuss Muzik
Label: Capitol
AD LOADING...
Featuring: Killer Mike, YFN Lucci, 21 Lil Harold, Bellygang Kushington
Production: Will A Fool, Westside Boogie, Bsquared, Frankstaxx, Bankroll Got It
Label: An Overkill Ent. / 300 Entertainment
Featuring: Purpose, SoloGem
Production: Purpose
Label: Proverbs Records
AD LOADING...
Featuring: Brain Orchestra, Wiles Martyr
Production: SadhuGold, Brain Orchestra, eets
Label: SadhuGold
Featuring: N/A
Production: Jake One
Label: Snare Jordan
Travis Scott Partners With Soccer Giants FC Barcelona For Custom Jersey
news | May 3, 2025
Will Ferrell's First-Ever Concert Was A Roddy Ricch Show
news | May 3, 2025
Misa Hylton’s Lawyer Says She’d Drop Mary J. Blige Lawsuit If She Fixes Things With Vado
news | May 3, 2025
AD LOADING...
AD LOADING...
Copyright © 2025 HipHopDX
All Rights Reserved