Expert-picked Mother's Day gifts for every type of mom, from $15
Sections
Shows
More
Follow today
More Brands
The Kansas City Chiefs go head-to-head with the Cleveland Browns at Huntington Bank Field on Sunday, Dec. 15. Could Taylor Swift show up to cheer on boyfriend Travis Kelce and his teammates? 
While the "Lover" singer's record-breaking "Eras Tour" wrapped on Dec. 8 in Vancouver, Canada, Swift was not spotted at the Cleveland stadium by kickoff at 1 p.m. ET. 
Her longtime guitarist Paul Sidoti, however, was, and the Cleveland native performed on the field before the game. 
"The special guest everyone has been waiting for, Taylor Swift...’s guitarist, Cleveland native Paul Sidoti!" the official X account for the Cleveland Browns posted Sunday.
So far this season, Swift has attended six of the Chiefs' seven home games at Arrowhead Stadium. She missed the team's last home game against the Los Angeles Chargers on Dec. 8 because it conflicted with her tour's last date. The Chiefs won that game 19-17 after a wacky field goal with one second on the clock.
Swift has missed all six of the team's away games this season in part because of scheduling conflicts with her tour.The 12-1 Chiefs are currently the AFC West's top team. The Browns have won three of their games and lost 10.
Here’s everything to know about the Chiefs-Browns game.
The Kansas City Chiefs take on the Cleveland Browns at Huntington Bank Field in Cleveland on Sunday, Dec. 15. Kickoff is scheduled for 1 p.m. ET.
The game will air live on CBS and stream on Paramount+.
Swift has attended six of the Chiefs' seven home games at Arrowhead Stadium this season. She's missed all of the team's away games. The singer's absences were, in part, because of scheduling conflicts with her sweeping "Eras Tour," which concluded Dec. 8 in Vancouver, Canada.
Swift was last at Arrowhead to cheer on the Chiefs when they defeated the Las Vegas Raiders on Black Friday, Nov. 29. She watched the game alongside her dad, Scott Swift, and Kelce’s mom, Donna Kelce. 
The Chiefs’ next scheduled matchup after this week’s Browns game is at home against the Houston Texans on Saturday, Dec. 21.
Gina Vivinetto is a trending news reporter for TODAY.com
© 2025 NBCUniversal Media, LLCApple®, Apple logo® and App Store® are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.