ATLANTA — Travis d'Arnaud singled off the left-field wall to drive home the winning run in the 10th inning and the Atlanta Braves, who scored twice in the ninth, rallied late to beat the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-5 on Friday night.
The hit by d'Arnaud off Scott McCough (0-2) knocked in pinch-runner Forrest Wall from second base. Wall scored easily as d'Arnaud began celebrating after rounding first.
The Braves trailed 5-3 before scoring two runs off Kevin Ginkel in the ninth. Matt Olson’s double drove in Austin Riley, who reached on shortstop Blaze Alexander's fielding error. Pinch-hitter Jarred Kelenic’s bloop double to shallow left field drove in Olson to tie the game.
Olson also homered for Atlanta.
Pierce Johnson (2-0) pitched a scoreless 10th for Atlanta.
Arizona left-hander Tommy Henry made a bid to keep his spot in the rotation by outpitching Spencer Strider. Henry gave up two runs in five innings. He allowed six hits with two walks and five strikeouts.
Henry's spot could be in question within two weeks. Jordan Montgomery, who agreed to a $25 million, one-year deal only days before the start of the season, is expected to be ready to make his Arizona debut on April 19. Left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez is on the 15-day injured list with a strained left shoulder.
Arizona’s bullpen failed to protect a 5-2 lead. Ronald Acuña Jr. doubled off Miguel Castro in the eighth to drive in Orlando Arcia, cutting it to 5-3.
Ketel Marte hit a leadoff homer against Strider, and Eugenio Suárez added a two-run double in a three-run first inning.
Strider led the majors with 20 wins and 281 strikeouts in 2023, but the right-hander was far from dominant against the defending NL champion Diamondbacks. Strider allowed five runs on seven hits and three walks with four strikeouts in four innings, leaving his ERA at 7.00 after two starts.
The Braves had a sellout crowd of 41,426. They celebrated their string of six straight NL East titles, which includes the 2021 World Series championship, in a pregame ceremony.
TRAINER’S ROOM
Diamondbacks: OF Randal Grichuk, 32, was reinstated from the 10-day injured list. Grichuk, a right-handed hitter, is expected to start in the outfield or as the designated hitter against left-handers. OF Jorge Barrosa was optioned to Triple-A Reno on Wednesday. OF Alek Thomas (strained left hamstring) was placed on the IL on April 1. ... SS Geraldo Perdomo was held out with a sore right knee but participated in agility drills on the field before the game.
Braves: C Sean Murphy (strained left oblique) has not been cleared to swing after landing on the injured list March 30. “It's a tough injury, even as slight as that one was,” manager Brian Snitker said.
UP NEXT
Braves left-hander Max Fried (0-0, 40.50 ERA) will try to bounce back from an ugly 2024 debut when he faces Arizona right-hander Brandon Pfaadt (1-0, 1.80) on Saturday night. Fried gave up three runs on two hits and three walks while getting only two outs in the Braves' 12-4 win at Philadelphia on March 30.