Travis Scott was arrested Friday in Paris after allegedly attacking a security guard. (Amy Harris | Invision)Amy Harris/Invision/AP
Rapper Travis Scott was arrested after allegedly attacking a security guard at a French hotel early Friday morning, officials said.
As reported by The Hollywood Reporter, The “Sicko Mode” superstar was taken into custody by French authorities after the alleged attack occurred at the George V Hotel in Paris.
Scott, 33, reportedly lashed out after the security guard tried to break up an altercation between Scott and Scott’s bodyguard.
”I can confirm that on August 9, 2024, police officers were called to the George V hotel and arrested the rapper nicknamed Travis Scott for assaulting a security guard,” the Paris prosecutor’s officer said in a statement.
Travis Scott seen being arrested and dragged out of a hotel by police in Paris. pic.twitter.com/4J94yUT6xd
French prosecutors said they had opened a criminal investigation on the matter.
This Scott’s second time being arrested publicly in the past few months. He was arrested in Miami and booked on charges of disorderly intoxication and trespassing back in June.
The rapper also made headlines for getting into a physical altercation with rapper Tyga and his business partner A.E. in France in early June.
Scott is set to perform a “One Night Only in Utopia” show at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford in October.
The world-famous rap star is best known for hits like “Sicko Mode,” “Goosebumps,” “FE!N,” and more. He shares two children, Stormi and Aire, with socialite Kylie Jenner.
Our journalism needs your support. Please subscribe today to NJ.com.
Christopher Burch can be reached at cburch@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter: @SwishBurch. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Have a tip? Tell us. nj.com/tips/.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices