Kourtney Kardashian left fans stunned as she admitted to drinking her own breast milk.
The Kardashians star, 44, recently welcomed her first child with Travis Barker, son Rocky, after welcoming three kids – Mason, Penelope and Reign – with ex Scott Disick. And in an attempt to de-stigmatise breastfeeding, Kourtney posed topless with a breast pump over one nipple.
Now she’s taking that even further by admitting she slurps her own milk after feeling sick. Kourtney posted a bed selfie giving the camera a thumbs-up, along with the caption: “This filter is crazy and I just pounded a glass of breast milk because I feel sick. Goodnight.”
READ MORE: Julia Fox seems to flash everything as she slips into bikini showing hairy privates
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
Earlier this week, Kourtney donned sexy black lingerie but slipped the cups down off her boobs to give her access to pump. She donned a pair of lace-up sling-back heels and covered her nipple with one arm, and didn’t skimp on the make-up for her sultry bedroom snap – swiping on deep purple eyeshadow and falsies, along with a natural nude pout.
Kourtney says she attempts to maximise her milk support by using a combination of amaranth, barley, congees, millet, oats and rice. She also uses bone broth and kichari to help her get the nutrition she needs.
Though it might have left fans feeling a little queasy, Kourtney isn’t the only celeb downing pints of her mummy milk. Ferne McCann also follows the trend, while Sisterhood of the Travelling Pants star Amber Tamblyn confessed she sampled her co-star Blake Lively’s breast milk.
It’s not the only slightly creepy part of Kourtney’s body she’s been scoffing, either. After Rocky was born, she decided to tuck into her placenta, sharing a snap of it encased in a pink plastic capsule called Mommy Made Encapsulation.
Taking to her social media, Kourtney branded her placenta “juicy”, explaining to fans: “This is not an ad. Just wanted to share something I found super helpful for postpartum recovery. Some of the benefits people report: Higher energy levels, less chance of baby blues, balanced mood and hormones, increased milk supply, enhanced bonding experience with baby.”
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter.
She and her sister Kim previously decided to cook up ‘placenta’ and serve it for dinner on an episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians, though they later confirmed the mystery meat was just a beef brisket. Kim at the time, however, was set on eating her placenta.
Khloe asked mum Kris Jenner if she’d join in, only to have her fume: “I just snotted myself. I can’t. This is such a beautiful dinner and I just lost my appetite. That’s the most disgusting thing I’ve ever heard.” Kourtney said during the exchange: “Why would you not take it? I want to have a third child just to eat the placenta.”
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.