By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  22:48, 29 February 2024   |  Updated:  23:24, 29 February 2024   
 68
View  comments
Kylie Jenner's pal Yris Palmer addressed the rumors of the reality star using Ozempic in the comments section underneath her recent TikTok video. 
She came to the 26-year-old makeup mogul's defense as trolls flooded the comments, speculating Jenner has lost weight by taking the diabetes drug.
Taken ahead of their glamorous girls' night out in Santa Monica on Wednesday evening, Jenner and her beauty influencer pal were seen dancing and modeling sexy all-black ensembles from her recent clothing drop.
Fans noted that The Kardashians star looked noticeably slimmer as one TikTok user's comment echoed the popular sentiment and read: 'Oxempy [sic] is working over time.'
Palmer dismissed the comment with an amiable response praising Jenner's figure: 'Actually my friend is back to her pre baby weight and looks amazing.'
Kylie Jenner's pal Yris Palmer addressed the rumors of the reality star using Ozempic in the comments section underneath her recent TikTok video.
She came to the 26-year-old makeup mogul's defense as trolls flooded the comments, speculating Jenner has lost weight by taking the diabetes drug
Fans noted that The Kardashians star looked noticeably slimmer than before as one TikTok user's comment echoed the popular sentiment on Jenner's alleged Ozempic usage; seen in November 2022
She seemed to be denying the Ozempic speculation as she claimed Jenner is just back to the weight she was at before having children and not any more skinnier. 
In the two years since Jenner welcomed her second child, son Aire, Jenner has frequently posted photos and videos of herself in the gym.
However, many social media users are still not convinced that diet and exercise are the only factors at play as Jenner's famous sisters Kim and Khloe have also been under scrutiny for alleged Ozempic usage. 
In the clip, Jenner flaunted her fit figure with her midriff-baring tube top and figure-hugging yoga pants.
At her side, Palmer wore a minidress from Jenner's Khy fashion brand as they celebrated her fourth clothing drop.
Jenner was seen with her thumbs hooked into the waistband of her pants and shaking her hips to the music.
The duo were later seen stepping out of Giorgio Baldi after having dinner at the celebrity-frequented hotspot in Santa Monica, California.
The Kylie Cosmetics founder is a young mother of two children — both of whom she shares with her ex, rapper Travis Scott.
Taken ahead of their glamorous girls' night out in Santa Monica on Wednesday evening, Jenner and her beauty influencer pal were seen dancing and modeling sexy all-black ensembles from her recent clothing drop. In the clip, Jenner flaunted her fit figure with her midriff-baring tube top and figure-hugging yoga pants
At her side, Palmer wore a minidress from Jenner's Khy fashion brand as they celebrated her fourth clothing drop. Jenner was seen with her thumbs hooked into the waistband of her pants and shaking her hips to the music
In the two years since Jenner welcomed her second child, son Aire, Jenner has frequently posted photos and videos of herself in the gym. However, many social media users are still not convinced that diet and exercise are the only factors at play as Jenner's famous sisters Kim and Khloe have also been under scrutiny for alleged Ozempic usage
Palmer insisted that Jenner has shed post-baby weight gain without using shortcuts like Ozempic; seen in April 2022
Since then, she frequently posted evidence of herself in the gym and has shown off her dramatic weight loss; seen in May 2023
Jenner welcomed her second child, son Aire, a little over two years ago in February 2022. She had her first child, daughter Stormi, in February six years ago
She shares both kids with her ex, rapper Travis Scott, 32. At the beginning of January, Scott dropped a new song and seemingly called out his baby mama, attributing her drastic weight loss to using Ozempic; seen in August 2019
The former couple are parents to six-year-old daughter Stormi and son Aire — whom Jenner gave birth to over two years ago in early February 2022.
Jenner and the 32-year-old rapper dated on-and-off for five years before they called it quits in early 2023.
At the beginning of January, Scott dropped a new song and seemingly called out his baby mama, attributing her drastic weight loss to using Ozempic.
Fans speculated that his song BACKR00MS, featuring Playboy Carti, was a diss track to his ex when he rapped: 'She doin' Ozempic, tryna be different, tryna be a newer woman.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group