Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce have been supported by fans throughout their romance and it seems they've gained one big supporter - Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson.
The Rock previously worked with Taylor on her music video for her 2019 single The Man and has now shared his thoughts on her new relationship. The wrestler-turned-actor admitted he "loves it" and made sure to praise Travis' football skills.
"I love it. I don't have a problem with it. I feel like it's all part of the game, and it's all the game that we play. Guy starts dating a girl who happens to be the biggest star in the world and he’s a badass SOB on the field," he said during an appearance on CNN.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham Jr. enjoy Las Vegas date night after 'going exclusive'
Dwayne's comments come as Taylor landed in Los Angeles ahead of the Super Bowl after making a mad dash from her Eras Tour show in Tokyo. The singer has been wowing fans in Japan with her Eras Tour, but she's now returned to the US to see the Kansas City Chiefs take on the San Francisco 49ers.
Taylor headed straight from the stage at her last concert to her private jet at Haneda Airport. She then had a 12-hour flight to cover the 9,000 mile journey to see Travis play in the Super Bowl tonight.
Fans had been speculating for weeks if Taylor was going to be able to make it to watch her boyfriend's big game. Luckily, she managed to get on a jet and is making her way to the Allegiant Stadium, where Travis has reportedly arranged a private suite for both their families.
Travis is believed to have spent $1million (£790,000) on the suite. Travis joked about the steep financial choice on his New Heights podcast with his brother Jason, telling his sibling: "I'm not really doing much different other than just counting how much money I'm spending on this damn Super Bowl for family and friends to come."
He added: "Just making sure I'm on top of those finances and losing all this money." It's been revealed that both Travis and Taylor's closest family members will be in the suite together.
For Taylor, this will include her parents, Andrea and Scott Swift, her brother Austin, and Austin's girlfriend Sydney. On Travis' side, there'll be his parents Donna and Ed Kelce, his brother Jason, and his sister-in-law Kylie.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.