By SHARON MAI FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:04, 15 June 2024   |  Updated:  08:44, 15 June 2024   
 62
View  comments
Kylie Jenner is reviving her viral way of singing children's melodies four years after her iconic 'Rise and Shine' song.
The reality TV personality, 26, took to Instagram on Friday evening to share a clip of her and her two-year-old son Aire singing their ABCs together while sitting at a dining table.
In her caption, she referenced the three-worded 'Rise and Shine' song, which she sang to wake up her daughter Stormi, now six, in 2019. 
The Kardashians star — who shared a video of herself sticking her head out of a car window and prompted fan concern earlier this week — wrote in her caption: 'aire was born a little late for rise and shine but he sure knows my beautiful abcs.'
At the beginning and end of the video, her adorable son asked her to repeat the song as he exclaimed: 'Again!' 
Kylie Jenner is reviving her viral way of singing children's melodies four years after her iconic 'Rise and Shine' song. The reality TV personality, 26, took to Instagram on Friday evening to share a clip of her and her two-year-old son Aire singing their ABCs together while sitting at a dining table
In the clip, the Kylie Cosmetics founder belted out the alphabet song and nodded her head as she listened to Aire sing along with her 
In the clip, the Kylie Cosmetics founder belted out the alphabet song and nodded her head as she listened to Aire sing along with her.
Back in October 2019, Jenner went viral when she shared a 16-minute tour of her Kylie Cosmetics office and ended the video with one of her most iconic moments.
Her three-word wake-up call was referenced and sung by other celebrities after she playfully sang to wake up her first child Stormi.
She shares both Stormi and Aire with her ex-boyfriend, rapper Travis Scott, 33.
The former couple were in an on-and-off relationship over five years before they called it quits in late 2022 — the same year they welcomed Aire together.
Her children often make appearances on their family's hit Hulu series as well as her social media page.
She frequently shows off her life in motherhood and receives praise from fans for how she parents her two kids.
Over a year after gave birth to Stormi, Jenner admitted becoming a mother herself made her 'appreciate all the things' her own mother Kris Jenner has done for her over the years. 
In her caption, she referenced the three-worded 'Rise and Shine' song, which she sang to wake up her daughter Stormi, now six, in 2019. The Kardashians star wrote in her caption: 'aire was born a little late for rise and shine but he sure knows my beautiful abcs'
In the clip, the Kylie Cosmetics founder belted out the alphabet song and nodded her head as she listened to Aire sing along with her
She said motherhood gave her a greater understanding of how it feels to be a parent. 
'When I became a mother, my perspective on life completely changed,' she told Harper's Bazaar Arabia in July 2019. 
'And so did how I look at my own mom and appreciate all the things she's done for me,' she continued. 
'Now I can understand the way that she feels about me, the way that she loves me, and how strong her love is for all her kids, because of how obsessed I am with Stormi.' 
The makeup mogul also added: 'For me, I just want her to know that I'm always here to guide her and help her with whatever she needs, rather than it always being, you know, the way it used to be back in the day.' 
In the same interview, the Kardashian-Jenner matriarch also shared her secret to raising children. 
Back in October 2019, Jenner went viral when she shared a 16-minute tour of her Kylie Cosmetics office and ended the video with one of her most iconic moments. Her three-word wake-up call was referenced and sung by other celebrities after she playfully sang to wake up her first child Stormi
Her children often make appearances on their family's hit Hulu series as well as her social media page. She frequently shows off her life in motherhood and receives praise from fans for how she parents her two kids; seen in March 2023
She shares both Stormi and Aire with her ex-boyfriend, rapper Travis Scott, 33; seen in August 2019
'Just listen, pay attention, really talk to them, be a part of their lives,' she said. 
The businesswoman — who is mother to Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and Rob Kardashian as well as Kylie and Kendall Jenner — continued: 'They're all my best friends, so I couldn't be more blessed. 
'I respect my mother as my mother. I definitely don't treat her as a sister or a best friend,' the youngest KarJenner added.
'I feel super blessed that we're so close and I can talk to her about anything like a sister, or like a best friend. But she definitely is a huge mother figure in my life.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group