September 25, 2024
2:59 PM
(Photo by Paras Griffin/Getty Images)
The BET Hip Hop Awards 2024 are set to celebrate the genre’s best, with a mix of fresh faces and seasoned veterans competing for top honors.
Among the nominees are five legendary artists who have undeniably impacted hip-hop, showcasing their longevity and continued relevance in a constantly evolving industry.
Ahead of this year’s ceremony, hosted by Fat Joe, let's take a closer look at these icons who remain at the top of their game. And don’t forget to tune in when the BET Hip Hop Awards 2024 airs on Tuesday, October 15, at 8 PM ET/PT.
Chicago-based emcee Common earned three nominations at this year’s ceremony, including “Lyricist of the Year.” He also secured two nominations alongside Pete Rock for their collaboration on “Fortunate” in the categories of “16 Impact Track” and “Best Duo or Group.”
Multifaceted Missy Elliott made headlines this year when she announced her first-ever headlining tour, This World: The Missy Elliott Experience.
Since bursting onto the scene in the late ‘90s, Missy has continuously reshaped hip-hop. This year, she earned a nomination for “Best Live Performer.”
RELATED: Hip Hop Awards 2023: Here Are This Year’s Winners
Music video director Dave Meyers has been in the industry for over two decades, crafting visual masterpieces for some of the biggest stars in music. This year, he's nominated for "Video Director of the Year" alongside rapper Travis Scott.
Rapper and actor Busta Rhymes secured a “Best Live Performer” nomination at this year’s ceremony. The East Flatbush native is up against several heavy hitters, including Burna Boy, Megan Thee Stallion, Travis Scott, fellow nominee Missy Elliott, and more. 
New Orleans native and legendary emcee Lil Wayne picked up two category nominations, including “Lyricist of the Year” and “Sweet 16: Best Featured Verse.”
BET "Hip Hop Awards 2024" will air on BET on Tuesday, October 15, 2024, at 8 PM ET/PT.
Trending Now
By clicking Subscribe, you confirm that you have read and agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge our Privacy Policy. You also agree to receive marketing communications, updates, special offers (including partner offers) and other information from BET and the Paramount family of companies. You understand that you can unsubscribe at any time.
© 2025 Black Entertainment Television LLC. All rights reserved.