Photos by Kevin Estrada / @KevinEstradaPhotography
Review by Michael Taub
Hailing from Birmingham, England, Judas Priest made a triumphant return to Los Angeles for a balls-out show celebrating its 50th anniversary of recording at the YouTube Theatre in Los Angeles on October 15th.  One of the most influential bands in rock history, they are originators of the heavy metal scene along with Black Sabbath, and have been groundbreaking throughout their five decades.
Judas Priest hit the stage with the powerful sonic-whiplash of “Panic Attack,” from the band’s vibrant new album, Invincible Shield. There has been a new vitality to the seminal band’s performances since they were deservingly inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2022.  The Singer/frontman Rob Halford at 73 years age still has phenomenal vocal range as he did back in the band’s early hit making era of albums British Steel and Screaming For Vengeance.
The leather-clad rock star hailed “the Priest is back,” as they plowed with a machine-gun like attack into the 1980 track, “Rapid Fire.”  Bouncing between albums and decades, Judas Priest had the audience on its feet enthralled with the sheer velocity, driving rhythm, memorable harmonies amplified with a bold light show including lasers and symbolic imagery.
The iconic singer now possesses a long gray beard protruding from his chin, shaved head with a tattoo on each side and matching earrings and nose ring. Halford wails his high-pitched vocals hunched over like an orthodox priest giving a sinister sermon of dark song-craft of Judas Priest. The band’s name is appropriately a euphemism for blasphemy.
The 18-song set included songs from ten albums including their powerful, hit anthems “You’ve Got Another Thing Comin’” and “Breaking The Law” as well as their pummeling, classic cover of the1969 British hit by Fleetwood Mac, “The Green Manalishi (With the Two Prong Crown).” They also performed fan favorites spanning time with “Victim of Changes” from the 1976 album, Sad Wings of Destiny, to the aural-deafening assault of the 1990 album title track, “Painkiller,” which was the final song before the encore.
Priest bassist, Ian Hill, is the only other member to still carry the torch from the band’s infancy, and is actually the only founder playing from the original 1969 lineup. The skilled, veteran bassist stayed locked in his heavy, rhythmic groove with the band’s longtime drummer, Scott Travis.  Joining the band back in 1989, Travis is 6’ 6” with a lengthy wingspan pounding the hell out of his kit.
Guitar virtuoso Ritchie Faulkner shreds his axe with dominance and supreme grander. Born in 1980, his electrifying energy and youthful vigor manifested the stage as he matched the full range of sonic intensity with Halford.  The dynamic Priest vocalist struts around the stage during guitar solos showing admiration for his masterful band-mates. Guitarist, Andy Sneap, who also produced Judas Priest’s last two albums, has been filling in for the bands original guitarist, Glenn Tipton. While playing some infectious rhythmic licks, Sneap did take lead, traded leads and shared leads with Falkner. Famed guitarist and Priest co-founder, Tipton is still in the band officially but is fighting Parkinson’s.  While he was not performing, he respectfully was included in the live and prerecorded video montages that graced the massive video screens at the back of the stage.
Always stylish, the compelling frontman is a metal diva with frequent wardrobe changes between songs with an array of studded-leather jackets, and occasionally alternating with a silver-sequined frock, complimenting the leather-garbed band.
The enthusiastic sold-out audience with numerous old and young fans, as well as parents with their equally passionate children singing along with the robust harmonies and screaming with jocular fervor. Judas Priest did not make their fans wait long to thrust into its encore with 1982’s “The Hellion” and “Electric Eye.” Halford came back on stage on his motorcycle with a mod-style cap and motorcycle jacket for the band’s 1978 classic rocker, “Hell Bent for Leather.” Keeping the bike on stage for the band’s final song, the 1980 hit single, “Living After Midnight,” which had the audience singing along to the timeless anthem.
Credited with influencing Metallica to Slayer, Judas Priest are also attributed to launching subgenres thrash, power and speed metal. Further, Judas Priest has been at the forefront of glam-rock from the 1970s and beyond. Tonight the band verified that they are still vital and demonstrated why they are one of the greatest heavy metal bands of all time.
Setlist:
Encore:

Founded in 1977 on the principle of bridging the gap between “the street and the elite,” Music Connection has grown from a popular print publication into a spectrum of products and services that address the wants and needs of musicians, the music tech community and industry support services.