Kylie Jenner showed how quickly her and Travis Scott's daughter Stormi Webster, 6, has grown with a video of herself flipping the "big girl" upside down.
Stormi Webster is rising and shining fast.
In fact, the 6-year-old stood at chest-height next to her mom Kylie Jenner—who shares Stormi and Aire Webster, 2, with ex Travis Scott—in a TikTok video posted by the Kardashians star Oct. 12.
In a clip set to Jack Johnson's "Upside Down," Kylie picked up her daughter by the waist, before flipping Stormi over on her head and placing her back down onto the floor. As the mother-daughter ran toward the camera, it was clear that Stormi—who was clad in Posh Peanut pajamas—was not-so-little anymore
Even Kylie made a note of just how much Stormi has grown, writing in the caption, "my big girl."
As for Aire? He's getting taller, too.
In another video posted on the same day, the toddler stood almost up to Kylie's hips as she flipped him to again pull pull off the popular TikTok challenge. Meanwhile, Stormi adorably crashed the clip by lip-syncing to the 2006 song in the foreground.
Kylie quipped in the caption of that post, "dont think we did that right."
But her followers didn't mind, with many focused on how "tall" both her kids have grown.
"They are both so big now, and the smiles are priceless," one TikTok user wrote in the comments section, while another added, "They grow up so fast."
But whatever the future will bring for Stormi and Aire, Kylie is ready for it, according to her friend Yris Palmer.
"She's the best mom," the beautician—who is mom Ayla Palmer, 7, and Prince Troy Daniels, 2—recently told E! News of Kylie, adding that the makeup mogul is always "so prepared" for their children's play dates.
As for what those get-togethers entail? According to Yris, "normal stuff" like movie nights.
"If your kids aren't the same age as your best friend’s kids, it is so hard to hang out," she noted. "But also having your community of mom friends, and that mom group is so important and so needed."
To see more cute moments from Stormi and Aire, as well as their cousins, keep reading.
Just Dance
Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian joined with Chicago West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson at their dance recital in June 2024.
Play Ball
Khloe also posted this pic of True Thompson with her little brother Tatum Thompson at the dance recital.
True Thompson and Chicago West honored their respective mothers, Khloe Kardashian and Kim Kardashian, in a mischievous way.
True and Chicago shared a sweet moment.
True and Psalm West showed their casts after breaking their arms in August 2023.
Khloe's daughter and Rob Kardashian's daughter Dream Kardashian posed for pics for St. Patrick's Day 2023.
Khloe shared this photo of her daughter True, plus cousins Penelope Disick, Saint West, North West, Reign Disick, Psalm West and Dream in February 2023. She wrote, "This photo was near a miracle to get lol...a handful of other other cousins were off running and playing."
Penelope Disick, North West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson were all smiles in this February 2023 photo.
Chicago sand her dad Kanye West and XXXTENTACION's song "True Love" while sitting in a vehicle with her little brother Psalm West in October 2022.
...the song references his and Kim Kardashian's four children, but Chicago and Psalm did not perform those parts.
Khloe and True had Dream over for a sleepover in June 2023.
Kylie Jenner, Stormi Webster and Kris Jenner lip-synched one of the momager's confessional lines from The Kardashians in an October 2022 TikTok video.
In August 2022, Kim coined the acronym "best friends forever and ever" to describe True, Chicago and Dream.
Penelope Disick helped North West celebrate her 9th birthday with a "Camp North"-themed getaway to the wilderness with a group of BFFs.
"Today was incredible! Our girls had their first dance recital and they were perfection!!!!" Khloe shared in June 2022. "I am so proud of all four of my girls!"
The cousins celebrated True Thompson's fourth birthday during a cat-themed bash in April 2022.
Penelope and North snapped a video during True's birthday party.
Psalm accompanied True while playing with a furry friend.
The cousins had some fun in a play pen.
True and Dream had an epic dance party to Aqua's '90 hit song "Barbie Girl," which Khloe documented on Instagram.
The BFFs also performed and sang along to the massively popular song from Encanto "We Don't Talk About Bruno."
Could their dance moves be any cuter?!
Chicago, True and Stormi gave each other hugs and kisses in an adorable pic, shared by Kim on Sept. 1. "250 Million followers on IG. I love you guys!" Kim thanked her fans. "I wanted to post this pic because if I could get 250 million kisses from our babies my life would be complete." 
Chicago, True and Stormi showed off their fashion prowess in stylish outfits as they had a hug huddle on Sept. 1. 
Chicago looked back at aunt Khloe as she held hands with True on Aug. 4. 
Dream, Stormi, Chicago and True adorably went window shopping at The Grove on Aug. 4. "Cousins," Khloe captioned with a purple heart emoji.
Reign, Mason, Penelope and North set up a summer lemonade stand also selling custom bracelets. Even Scott received a custom "Lord" bracelet from "pooshalini" Penelope!
"The sweetest girls," Khloe Kardashian captioned a precious moment between cousins Dream Kardashian, True Thompson and Chicago West. 
Former E! star Natalie Halcro's daughter also joined the photo op. 
Dream, True and Chicago posed in matching purple leotards.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.