No, Travis Kelce is not preparing to propose to Taylor Swift…. At least, not yet.
On August 2, a supposed “insider” told Page Six that “the engagement is happening soon,” only for that claim to be shut down by Kelce’s own rep. As the same publication reported, “Kelce’s rep denied Friday that there are any official engagement plans in place.”
For the most part, previous engagement rumors and denials have largely been attributed to anonymous sources. Back in December 2023—yes, just a few months after the NFL player and pop star went public with their relationship—a “source” quickly refuted reports that Kelce had asked Swift’s father Scott for permission to pop the question and received his “blessing.” Tell me you’ve listened to “Love Story” too many times without telling me….
“There are no plans for an engagement anytime soon,” the source told The Messenger, per Elle Magazine. “There is no engagement at this time.”
This according to insiders, and also anyone with eyes.
It’s not surprising that Travis Kelce’s reps have largely stayed out of the discourse in an official capacity. Considering how often engagement rumors pop up, they’d probably have no time to do anything but shut them down otherwise. There’s also the fact that the 34-year-old Kansas City Chiefs player seems to enjoy playing into fan theories rather than curbing speculation.
In March 2024, Jason Kelce practically begged his brother to stop fueling the fire after the tight end said he “can’t wait” to make a lab-grown diamond on their New Heights podcast. “Don’t do this,” Jason warned at the time. “Do not give any of these other conspiracy theorists anything else to latch onto, please.”
Still, the rumor mill has been churning out engagement reports at a incredibly rapid pace since May, when the couple’s romantic Italian boat trip sparked another round of fan speculation. In the months that followed, Kelce’s hairstylist began fielding plus-one requests, Jason Sudeikis asked the football star about their future plans during a comedy sketch, and Kelce’s wedding advice to a New Heights producer sent fans spiraling even further.
He has to know exactly what he’s doing.
Engagement or no engagement, a source recently told People that Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce are “so in love” after one year of dating. However, Kelce’s trip to Germany to see the Eras Tour in mid-July may have been their last reunion for a while as Kelce’s preseason schedule picks up and the pop star rounds out the European leg of her tour.
“Travis’ last few concerts were bittersweet,” an insider told the publication. “They knew their time together like this was coming to an end and he made sure to spend every minute he could with Taylor.”
More from Glamour
See More Stories & Guides
© 2025 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices