Your Kansas City Chiefs are among the few, the elite, the undefeated as Week 4 action reaches its pinnacle. This team has been far from perfect, but being perfect in the win-loss column is a very good spot to be. This week, they open divisional action against the Los Angeles Chargers, a team many preseason vultures circled as a Kansas City stumbling block. 
Yet, this week, the Chiefs are heavy betting favorites thanks to two things: them being the Chiefs and a staggering injury bug in Los Angeles. 14 Chargers appeared on their Thursday injury report, the largest from the team this season. Quarterback Justin Herbert, pass rusher Joey Bosa, and offensive tackle Joe Alt lead a pack featuring several Los Angeles starters.
Do our writers feel those two factors make Kansas City a shoo-in for victory? Or will the Chargers gut out another tough divisional game? Let's find out.
Patrick Allen (3-0)I smell a trap game. The Chiefs haven't been playing their best football and now they go on the road to take on a Chargers team that plays stout defense and runs the football. With Herbert banged up, Taylor Heinicke may get the start. Heinicke is a wild card and likes to take off and run to extend drives. The Chiefs have to get their offense going in this one and finish drives with touchdowns or this could be uncomfortably close. But I'm not betting against Mahomes. Chiefs 20, Chargers 14
Tyler Brown (3-0)Even if the Chargers are without Herbert, Slater, Alt, Bosa and James, I’m not sure the Chiefs have a blowout in them. It could be a get-right game, but emptying the bag in the regular season is not their M-O. Los Angeles’s identity is J.K. Dobbins right now and Kansas City has been stout against the run. I see this as a potential breakout game for Kelce without James on the field and 87 hearing all the noise this week. Chiefs 23, Chargers 10
Maxwell Cashio (2-0)Okay, for real this time. The Kansas City Chiefs will beat the Chargers in convincing fashion, led by a strong air attack and a coming-out party for Travis Kelce who has looked nothing but dormant through 3 weeks. With a battered and bruised Chargers squad, this one should be over in a hurry. Chiefs 42, Chargers 21
Matt Conner (3-0)The Chiefs have every reason to beat the Chargers by 30 points on a day when they’re missing every good player on the team. (Somehow Dobbins is the healthy player on the roster.) That means K.C. will win on a last-second Harrison Butker field goal. Chiefs 24, Chargers 21
Braden Holecek (3-0)The Chargers are obviously banged up. However, most matchups between Patrick Mahomes and Justin Herbert have been tight. Whether Herbert plays or not, a Chiefs pass rush with mixed results will be fascinating to monitor. Can the physical style that the Chargers want to play with allow the KC defensive line to rise up? The performance of George Karlaftis and Mike Danna around Chris Jones is what I’m looking forward to.Chiefs 26, Chargers 16
Scott Loring (2-1)Taylor Heinicke is not a bad quarterback, and the injuries to both offensive tackles will probably put Justin Herbert’s mobile backup on the move early and often. It would be nice to have a comfortable blowout, but the Chiefs will make it interesting. Expect Kelce to hit paydirt for the first time this season.Chiefs 24, Chargers 20
Greg Morse (1-0)Are you going to be shocked (pun intended) if the Chargers keep this game close despite all of their injuries? I won’t be. But I do want to see if Mahomes gets a little more dialed in. It kind of feels like he’s been playing with house money, but if he and the offense aren’t careful the wheels will completely come off. I think this will be a get-right game for Travis Kelce, too. He always has it in for the Chargers.Chiefs 28, Chargers 21
Jacob Milham (3-0)On preseason paper, Kansas City had the edge in this early-season matchup. However, with several hobbled players, Los Angeles is at an even larger disadvantage. Head coach Jim Harbaugh has a steep hill to climb, but a perfect opportunity to prove he is one of the league's best. The Chiefs defense will be the biggest star Sunday, fueling a productive day from Kansas City's rushing attack. I believe the talent deficit is too wide, and Kansas City leaves with another imperfect win. Chiefs 24, Chargers 10
Shawn O'Brate (3-0)Even though the Chiefs have continued to show they aren’t perfect, they still have found a way to win all three games and they will do the same this week against the Chargers. Despite all their injuries, Los Angeles will surely come out guns a-blazing and put up a fight. Mahomes will have another good-not-great game, likely making a mistake or two (he’s not perfect), but the defense and dudes like Rashee Rice will put the Chargers in a hole. Chiefs 30, Chargers 21
Charles Robinson (2-0)I think this week Patrick Mahomes finally finds a way to get Travis Kelce going, and the Chiefs offense has a little bit of a throwback look to it with Kelce being the centerpiece of the gameplan with Derwin James out and the offense as a whole operating from the middle of the field out. I like the Chiefs to take this game and remain undefeated. Chiefs 24, Chargers 19
Stacy D. Smith (3-0)Entering Week 4, the undefeated Kansas City Chiefs venture to SoFi Stadium for a divisional matchup with the Los Angeles Chargers. Much to the chagrin of Bolts Fam, LAC's recently been decimated by injuries. The league added insult by announcing a one-game suspension to safety Derwin James for Sunday's contest. This week should see the best three-phase performance of the season for the Chiefs. Kareem Hunt scores his first touchdown in Chiefs red since 2018, Travis Kelce reminds the world that he's still very much himself, and the Chiefs win by two scores.Chiefs 27, Chargers 17 
Lucas Strozinsky (3-0)Before the season began, I predicted the Chiefs would lose this game, largely due to Jim Harbaugh's influence. However, with the Chargers now dealing with injuries to key players, the Chiefs should have no excuse to lose. If they do lose and their offense continues to struggle, it may be time for some serious discussions at 1 Arrowhead Drive.Chiefs 28, Chargers 19
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.