The things I do for you, dear reader. Last Saturday night I was standing in an increasingly muddy field in Preston as Geordie superstar Sting performed in front of somewhere in the region of 30,000 people (it seemed a lot more). This in spite of the fact that I’ve never much cared for the music of Geordie superstar Sting, either as a member of The Police or as a solo act.


  Nor, for that matter, have I ever been particularly keen on standing in fields surrounded by music fans taking chances with the food on offer (my nephew spent the night throwing up after a dubious burger) or peeing into urinals shaped like anti-tank devices.


  Still, at some point in the proceedings, possibly as Sting encouraged the audience to sing “Ey-yo” for the 1500th time (that’s maybe a slight exaggeration), and probably after I stopped speculating how they would empty said urinals on Monday morning, I did get to thinking about how brilliant a vehicle for brand promotion is the annual Radio 2 in the Park weekend festival.


  The fact that an estimated 60,000 plus people descended on Moor Park near the Deepdale Stadium in Preston last weekend probably says more about audience loyalty than the fact that a lot of people quite like Sting (though these two things are not necessarily mutually exclusive).


Read more


The classic Runrig album that was their U2-Joshua Tree moment


  The fact is Radio 2 is still the country’s most popular radio station. You might not get that impression every time the Daily Mail gleefully reports that the latest listening figures have taken a dip, but it’s true.


  And to watch a crowd of Radio 2 listeners pogoing furiously to Gala’s nineties Eurodance banger Freed From Desire urged on by Jo Whiley at the DJ stage was testament to that popularity.


  But to experience Radio 2 in the Park in the park itself was also to see how adroit the station is at promoting itself on the radio and in person.


  Throughout the weekend there was as much cheerleading from the stage for the station’s DJs as there was for the musical acts who took to the stage (even though the latter were doing most of the heavy lifting).


  And so before Sting appeared whispering Bob Harris and Dermot O’Leary came out to pay tribute to the late Steve Wright. And before that Garry Davis even took to the main stage to play a special Sounds of the 80s DJ set. The fact that he pressed the wrong button and started playing Erasure’s A Little Respect twice in a row didn’t spoil the mood. Well, it is a great song.


  Earlier in the day Rylan even joined Pixie Lott onstage to duet on Cry Me Out. In short, there was never much chance to forget who was putting this weekend on Despite my Sting-and-outdoors concert allergies I have to say I rather enjoyed myself.


The festival was very Radio 2 (Image: free)


  I got to hear Travis singing Aztec Camera’s Somewhere in My Heart, Shaznay Lewis singing George Michael’s Freedom, Kim Wilde overcoming sound problems to nail Kids in America. And absolutely everyone in the park singing along to Snow Patrol’s Chasing Cars. That said, Sugababes turned out to be the real highlight of the Saturday. (There was also a lot of love for Craig David.)


  Driving around on Sunday morning and afternoon, experiencing the second day of the festival via the radio, there was - perhaps inevitably - even more of an emphasis on the Radio 2ness of the event, all filtered through the DJs onsite. That said, it was pretty clear that everyone from Scott Mills to Michael Ball were all indulging in a form of wish-fulfilment in trying to pretend the incessant rain wasn’t having an effect. Messages on social media suggested otherwise.


  That said, there were still a huge number of people present for headliners Pet Shop Boys on Sunday night. If the departure of Ken Bruce to Greatest Hits Radio didn’t derail Radio 2 then what chance did the weather have?


  Over on Radio 4 Loose Ends came from Glasgow on Saturday (repeated on Thursday). At one point Ian Rankin was being asked about the future of Scotland’s favourite policeman John Rebus and his own writing future.


  “There’s a retirement date for police officers, but not for writers,” Loose Ends presenter Clive Anderson reminded Rankin. “Are you going to keep going forever or have you got an ambition to stop and say, ‘I’ve written enough now?’”


  The answer might be bad news for Rebus fans.


  “If my wife has anything to do with it I’m going to slow down drastically,” Rankin admitted. “While we’ve got the use of our legs and knees and we have still got our brains she says let’s go and do some travelling. And she keeps, behind my back, booking more and more holidays, giving me less and less time to write.”


  That said, there’s a new Rebus book out in October.


Listen Out For: A Night at the Musicals, Radio Scotland, Sunday, 7.30am


  Billy Differ concludes his look at the Scottish jukebox musical Sunshine on Leith. Part one is available on BBC Sounds now. I can’t watch the film version because Jane Horrocks looks so much like my late wife in it.


  It should have been a safe space for informed debate, somewhere for readers to discuss issues around the biggest stories of the day, but all too often the below the line comments on most websites have become bogged down by off-topic discussions and abuse. 


  heraldscotland.com is tackling this problem by allowing only subscribers to comment.


  We are doing this to improve the experience for our loyal readers and we believe it will reduce the ability of trolls and troublemakers, who occasionally find their way onto our site, to abuse our journalists and readers. We also hope it will help the comments section fulfil its promise as a part of Scotland's conversation with itself.


  We are lucky at The Herald. We are read by an informed, educated readership who can add their knowledge and insights to our stories. 


  That is invaluable. 


  We are making the subscriber-only change to support our valued readers, who tell us they don't want the site cluttered up with irrelevant comments, untruths and abuse.


  In the past, the journalist’s job was to collect and distribute information to the audience. Technology means that readers can shape a discussion. We look forward to hearing from you on heraldscotland.com


                    Readers’ comments: You are personally liable for the content of  any comments you upload to this website,  so please act responsibly. We do not  pre-moderate or monitor readers’ comments appearing on our websites, but we do post-moderate in response to complaints we receive or otherwise when a potential problem comes to  our attention.  You can make  a  complaint by using the ‘report this post’ link .  We may then apply our discretion under the user terms to amend or delete comments.
                

                    Post moderation is undertaken full-time 9am-6pm on weekdays, and on a part-time basis outwith those hours.
                

                            Last Updated: 

Are you sure you want to delete this comment?
You must verify your phone number before you can comment.
Please enter your phone number below, and a verification code will be sent to you by text message.
Please enter the six-digit verification code sent to you by SMS.

            Your verification code has been sent a second time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            Your verification code has been sent a third time to the mobile phone number you provided.
        

            You have requested your verification code too many times. Please try again later.
        
The code you entered has not been recognised.
Please try again
You have failed to enter a correct code after three attempts.
Please try again later.

                This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's
    Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to
    inaccuracy or intrusion, then please 
    contact the editor here.
    If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can
    contact IPSO here


© 2001-2025.  Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport, Wales, NP20 1DW  | 01676637 |
            
Data returned from the Piano 'meterActive/meterExpired' callback event.
As a subscriber, you are shown 80% less display advertising when reading our
                    articles.
Those ads you do see are predominantly from local businesses promoting local
                        services. 
These adverts enable local businesses to get in front of their target audience – the local
                        community.
It is important that we continue to promote these adverts as our local businesses need
                    as much support as possible during these challenging times.