Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift's dad, Scott Swift, is as proud a father as any.
After videos emerged of the 72-year-old on a Southwest Airlines flight out of New Orleans, Louisiana, his seatmate, Taylor Moore, shared the details of the pair's conversation in a TikTok video on Monday, October 29.
Moore described Papa Swift as a "talker" and that he is "the sweetest man on planet earth." She said he also gushed about how he loves his pop star daughter's boyfriend, Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce.
"He did say out of all of her boyfriends in the last 12 years that Travis has made the biggest impact," Moore shared. The singer-songwriter spent six of those 12 years dating British actor Joe Alwyn — from 2016 to 2023 — before getting together with the NFL superstar sometime in 2023.
The lucky passenger said Scott raved about the Super Bowl champion's entire family, calling them "phenomenal." She said Scott told her he was familiar with the family before the 14-time Grammy winner started her relationship with the New Heights podcaster.
Moore explained, "He actually said that he knew Jason Kelce's wife's dad [Ed McDevitt] before they started dating, so he said, 'I already knew the family; I knew they were amazing,' and he loves them together."
According to Moore, Scott didn't just rave about the singer-songwriter's boyfriend. Like the proud father he is, he showed Moore, the other man in their row, and some of the flight attendants videos of the "Karma" singer onstage at the Eras Tour in New Orleans. Moore noted Scott was "pointing out his favorite parts in the different shows" and that "he was so proud[of his daughter]."
What an experience ❤️ Shoutout to the AMAZING SW flight attendants, Papa Swift, and our other seat buddy 🫶🏼 #foryoupage #viral #fyp #taylorswift #erastour
Scott also reportedly detailed his schedule to Moore, and it seems he is a busy man. "He was also telling me how busy his lifestyle is between going to conferences, going to all of her concerts, going to all of the football games, and he was just saying like he's constantly running," Moore recalled.
Regarding what he is up to, the famous father allegedly admitted he likes to keep his whereabouts private. "He was also saying he doesn't like telling the public where he's going obviously because it can bring negative attention," Moore told viewers.
Taylor, 34, and Travis, 35, have been dating for over a year and are still going strong. The pair have supported each other's careers, with Taylor cheering on her man from the sidelines at the Chiefs games and Travis coming to the Eras Tour to watch his girl perform.
Scott's superstar daughter is on the final leg of the Eras Tour, which is set to end on Sunday, December 8, in Vancouver, Canada.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in depth knowledge of the pop culture landscape. Olivia joined Newsweek in 2024. She is a graduate of Pace University. You can get in touch with Olivia by emailing o.bellusci@newsweek.com. You can find her on Instagram @OliviaBellusci. Languages: English.
Olivia Bellusci is a Newsweek writer based in New York. Her focus is reporting on entertainment news. She has in                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC