Fans at one of Taylor Swift's recent concerts on the Eras Tour were treated to an unexpected gesture from her father Scott Swift, it's been shared by one of the attendees.
The tour returned to London just last week and Taylor, 34, performed three nights at Wembley Stadium. The singer-songwriter is set to take to the stage at the venue again on Monday and then Tuesday night for the final two UK shows.
It's been announced that at one of the concerts just days ago, Taylor's dad Scott, 72, handed out food to fans at the venue in the capital city. Footage shared by fan Stephanie Niemiec on Saturday appeared to show Scott interacting with the crowd in the middle of the concert last week.
The video, which was uploaded to TikTok, shows Scott holding a plate of food and offering it to audience members. Stephanie told her followers that he was handing out chicken during the song Style. She wrote over the clip: "Scott handing out chicken tenders during Style somehow makes sense."
Stephanie could be heard thanking Scott for the gift in the video itself, telling him: "Thank you for the chicken." She was then seen turning the phone around to show herself, before telling viewers in the video: "The chicken is fresh."
Alongside the footage, Stephanie tagged Taylor in the caption on TikTok and expressed gratitude for the gesture from Scott. She wrote in the accompanying caption of the post: "Tell your dad I said thank you, it was just what I needed."
The video now has almost 40,000 views on the platform and it's received more than 10,000 likes. Stephanie reacted to some of the comments, including to one person who had asked where the food came from. She responded: "I think they were in the vip tent/section and they were leftovers!"
Some of her followers appeared to make reference to a viral post about Taylor from last year in their replies. The post, uploaded in September, showed Taylor with a fan whilst supporting Travis Kelce at a Kansas City Chiefs game in the US. She was seen beside a plate of food and the caption shared by one fan account on X, formerly known as Twitter, read: "Taylor Swift was eating a piece of chicken with ketchup and seemingly ranch!" The tweet has more than 35 million views and 54,000 likes.
Taylor's Eras Tour - which launched last year - first visited the UK for a series of concerts in June. It returned last week for the remaining five shows in London, with her having since performed at Wembley Stadium on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. The final two concerts are on Monday and Tuesday.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.