It’s nothing but a good time in Sturgis, where the only thing louder than the roar of motorcycles is the music. Concerts start Aug. 2 as rock stars, rising stars and local fan favorites take the stage.
Sturgis welcomes bikers Aug. 2 with a parade down Main Street at 3 p.m., followed by an opening ceremony at 3:30 p.m. and adrenaline-fueled, death-defying stunts by The All-American Thrill Show. There’s live music at locations around Sturgis all week. This list includes some of the concert highlights.
Puddle of Mudd and Pop Evil perform at The Buffalo Chip on Friday, Aug. 13, 2022 during the 82nd annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally.
For a full schedule of 2024 Sturgis Rally concerts, go to sturgis.com/concerts/.
Aug. 2 through Aug. 10 – Big Skillet’s mix of classic rock, R&B, blues, funk and modern country gets the night started on the Wolfman Jack Stage during the Buffalo Chip’s Official Sturgis Rally Kickoff Party on Aug. 2. Big Skillet will perform all week on the Bikini Beach Stage.
Aug. 2 – Leaving Hope and Bad Wolves are headliners at the Official Sturgis Rally Kickoff Party. Music starts at 8:30 p.m. after the Miss Buffalo Chip Beauty Pageant at 8 p.m. Hard rockers Leaving Hope won the 2024 Sturgis Battle of the Bands. Platinum-certified heavy metal outfit Bad Wolves delivers unapologetic hard rock.
Aug. 3 – ThundHerStruck Music is the Ultimate All Girl Tribute to AC/DC. Music starts at 10:30 p.m. after Bare Knuckle Fighting and the Miss Buffalo Chip Pageant.
Aug. 4 – Newly founded, critically acclaimed country duo War Hippies and country-rock fusion artist Cory Marks open for country superstar Travis Tritt. Music starts at 7:05 p.m.
Aug. 5 – Singer-songwriter Cordell Winter makes his Buffalo Chip debut, followed by heavy metal icons Quiet Riot, and rocker-turned-outlaw-country artist Aaron Lewis. Music starts at 7:05 p.m.
Aug. 6 – “Raunchy Tonk” singer-songwriter Cody Lee Meece and his band, The Poor Excuses, open for rising country star Dasha and the night’s headliner, Southern-rapper-turned-country-star Jelly Roll. Music starts at 7 p.m.
Jelly Roll will be a headliner at the Buffalo Chip during the 2024 Sturgis Motorcycle Rally.
Aug. 7 – Wire walker Blake Wallenda and motorcycle daredevil Kyle Ives join forces for Daredevil Wednesday before the music starts at 8:30 p.m. Hard rockers Hinder open for genre-melding triple-platinum rock and rap band  Theory of a Deadman.
Aug. 8 – Buffalo Chip’s 34th Annual Freedom Celebration, with headliner Kid Rock performing at 10:30 p.m. Music starts at 9 p.m. with Buckcherry, the premier party band of the last two decades.
Aug. 9 – Energetic rockers The Downboys and hard rock legends Great White take the stage ahead of superstar rocker Bret Michaels of Poison. Music starts at 7:05 p.m.
Aug. 10 – Rapid City’s own hard rock quintet, Goodfire, won the inaugural Sturgis Battle of the Bands in 2023. They’ll open the final night of concerts featuring tribute bands. Van Zeppelin delivers a mashup of Led Zeppelin and Van Halen hits. Finally, Mini Kiss, known in the Guinness Book of World Records as "The World’s Shortest Band," charms audiences with KISS-inspired performances. Music starts at 7:05 p.m.
To reserve tickets and more information: buffalochip.com/bands/.
For the complete lineup of entertainment and more, go to buffalochip.com/events/daily-schedule/.
Heavy metal, Southern rock, rap, country and more are on tap at the Full Throttle Saloon’s main stage.
Aug. 3 – Frontman Tom Keifer of Cinderella, and Southern rockers Kentucky Headhunters, 7 p.m.
Aug. 4 – American glam metal band Slaughter, 7 p.m.
Aug. 5 – American progressive metal band Queensryche, 7 p.m.
Aug 6 – High-energy rockabilly and punk from Reverend Horton Heat, with Count 77, 7 p.m.
Aug 7 – Chris Janson with country rap duo Moonshine Bandits, 9:30 p.m.
Aug 8 – Southern hard rockers Jackyl, with DMC of Run DMC and Count 77, 7 p.m.
Aug. 9 – To be announced.
Aug. 10 – Acclaimed country star Lorrie Morgan’s Ruby Anniversary Tour 2024, 7 p.m.
Full Throttle Saloon is located at 19950 S.D. Highway 39 in Vale. For tickets and information visit hometowntickets.com/fts.
For a complete schedule, fullthrottlesaloon.com/main-stage/.
Aug. 2 – The Knuckle Saloon’s eclectic mix of Rally entertainment at the bar’s Pavilion starts at 1 p.m. Listen to the soulful sounds and heartfelt lyrics of Frank Fletcher. At 5 p.m., the energetic, interactive Dueling Pianos show starts, followed by the Flaunt Girls and their electrifying dance routines at 6 p.m. Country rocker Creed Fisher performs at 7 p.m., followed by the return of Dueling Pianos at 9 p.m., topped off with rock and blues by Mojo Gypsy at 10 p.m.
Frank Fletcher, Dueling Pianos and the Flaunt Girls are performing throughout the week. Chart-toppers Asia and Lita Ford highlight the Rally week lineup.
Aug. 3 – High-energy Saliva, 7 p.m.; Framing the Red, 10 p.m.
Aug. 4 – Asia, 7 p.m.; Jasmine Cain, 10 p.m.
Aug. 5 – AC/DC tribute band Noise Pollution, 7 p.m.; Jasmine Cain, 10 p.m.
Aug. 6 – The Greater Good, 1 p.m.; Parmalee, 7 p.m.; Dirty Grass Soul, 10 p.m.
Aug. 7 – Dirty Grass Soul, 1 p.m.; The Greater Good, 3 p.m.; Lita Ford, 7 p.m.
Aug. 8 – Zoso The Ultimate Led Zeppelin Experience, 7 p.m.; Dirty Grass Soul, 10 p.m.
Aug. 9 – Dirty Grass Soul, 1 p.m.; Black Hills fan favorite Judd Hoos, 6 p.m.; Sunny Ledford, 10 p.m.
Aug. 10 – Black Line, 1 p.m.; Mic Utley, 6 p.m.
The Knuckle Saloon is at 931 First St., Sturgis. For a complete entertainment schedule, go to theknuckle.com/events.
Located at the corner of Main Street and Harley-Davidson Way in Sturgis, Rally Point is hosting multiple concerts every day, with music by local bands, up-and-coming regional acts and more. The concert lineup starts Aug. 3 and continues through Aug. 10.
For a complete schedule, go to sturgismotorcyclerally.com/rally-point.
A Black Hills favorite, the Brandon Jones Band, performs at 8 p.m. Aug. 2 through Aug. 7, and Aug. 9 and 10, during the Sturgis Loud Fest at Loud American Roadhouse. The Rally week lineup showcases rock and more from John Scalia and The Dirty Word, Flannel, The Rathco, David Graham and The Eskimo Brothers, Pop Rocks, Dustin Evans, Tripwire, Peach Street, Arcana Kings, Jessica Loobey and more.
Loud American Roadhouse is located at 1305 Main St., Sturgis.
For a complete schedule, go to loudamericansturgis.com/sturgis-rally/.
Rock singer Bret Michaels of Poison returns to the Sturgis Buffalo Chip for the first time in a decade for the 2024 Sturgis Rally.
Iron Horse Saloon’s rally concerts Aug. 2 through Aug. 10 are free; ages 21 and older are welcome. Music begins at 5:30 p.m. nightly on the Dennis Kirk Main Stage.
Aug. 2 – Corey Kent with Chancey Williams
Aug. 3 – Tech N9NE
Aug. 4 – Elle King
Aug. 5, 6, 7 – Hairball  
Aug. 8 -- Brandon Jones Band opens for country singer Easton Corbin
Aug. 9 – Stephen Pearcy of glam metal band Ratt, and Adelita’s Way
Aug. 10 – Yelawolf
Iron Horse Saloon is located at 888 Junction Ave., Sturgis
For a complete schedule, go to ihsturgis.com.
Kickstands Campground’s Rally concert lineup opens at 1 p.m. Aug. 2 with The ShotGunBillys and rocks all week with NITRO NITRA, Vynilyn, Texas Hippie Coalition, Jose Scott, Tim Zach, Bad Boy Leroy, Lone Star Skynrd, The Georgia Thunderbolts, Apricity, STRETCH, Dr. Love, Def Leggend, STEREO TRIP, Eli Howard and The Greater Good, Crimson Love, Scotty Austin, REHAB, Frank Fletcher, 24 Thorns, Surrender To Eden, The Kaleidoscope Project, Richrath Project 3:13 The Music of REO Speedwagon, 24 Thorns, Swaggermouth, Sabbath The Complete Black Sabbath Experience, Jump, Last Train to Juarez, TEN TON MOJO, Jasmine Cain, Touch The Buffalo, Arcana Kings, Whiskey Hangover, Kellen Smith and The Nate Champion Band, and Entrundra.
Kickstands Campground is at 13014 Pleasant Valley Road, Sturgis.
For a complete schedule, go to kickstandsllc.com/events.
Receive the latest in local entertainment news in your inbox weekly!
Arts and Entertainment Reporter
 Sturgis is in the works of diversifying their musical offerings, aimed at attracting a broader audience. 
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. – On the final Sunday of Sturgis 2024, the city's downtown will become a track filled with high stakes and full throttles. 
SILVER CITY, S.D. – On a recent drive through this super scenic area of the Black Hills, Ron Waterland saw with his own eyes the potential ris…
Content by Liv Hospitality. The 84th annual Sturgis Motorcycle Rally is quickly approaching, and Liv Hospitality has compiled a list of must-s…
Pioneer Auto Show – home of the world’s largest Roadster, Elvis’ Harley-Davidson motorcycle, the “Dukes of Hazzard” General Lee and much more …
The Ups of Downs Family Support Group is partnering with American Legion Post 311, 101 Pine St., in Piedmont to serve meals to bikers during t…
The iconic Black Hills concert venue and the long-running music fest were inducted Oct. 19 for indelible contributions they’ve made to the his…
Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device.
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.