Current conditions in Dubuque, IA
Dennis Schroeder
Brent Kilburg
County candidates’ campaign finance reports ahead of Iowa’s June 4 primary show some substantial revenues from county-level fundraisers this election year so far.
The 2024 election year includes some competitive Republican primary races for sheriff in Jackson and Clayton counties, and comes on the heels of a contentious Republican presidential caucus season that contributed to county party revenues. In the region’s population hub of Dubuque County, both county parties received healthy sums in the reporting period of Jan. 1 to May 14, as submitted to the Iowa Ethics and Campaign Disclosure Board.
Among the most contentious area county-level races is the Republican primary for Jackson County sheriff. There, the race between incumbent Sheriff Brent Kilburg and challenger Dennis “Bud” Schroeder gathered a collective $18,234 in the pre-primary reporting period.
Of that, $15,354 was for the challenger, Schroeder. And of his campaign revenues, $1,175 came from individual cash contributions and $14,179 came from a campaign fundraiser. The fundraiser featured an auction of a diverse range of items — including several guns, a gift certificate for a round-trip haul of corn or soybeans and four seats on a hot air balloon ride.
“I had a good turnout that day,” Schroeder told the Telegraph Herald. “I set a budget for about $5,000 for my signs ... I’ve got a lot of signs out. But signs don’t vote. The people who donated were friends of mine and friends of (a friend).”
Schroeder reported spending $5,576 in the period and ending with $17,779.
Kilburg received $2,880 in the period, spent $2,383 and ended with $2,309. He told the TH that he was approaching fundraising much as he has in past election cycles.
“We haven’t gotten a whole lot done on fundraising,” he said. “In a county primary, I don’t like begging for money. I don’t get into raffling off stuff. If people want to donate, I appreciate it. That other stuff seems like gimmicks to me.”
No Democrat has filed for the Jackson County sheriff race.
Republican Jackson County Supervisor Mike Steines is running unopposed, both in the primary and — so far — for the general. He neither received nor spent any campaign funds in the period, but ended with $2,309.
Even with the atypically high county-level fundraising in Jackson County, Dubuque County campaigns received the most in the period.
Only one primary is contested in the county, the Republican race for a seat on the Dubuque County Board of Supervisors. In that race, incumbent Supervisor Harley Pothoff received $1,550 in contributions, spent $10 and ended with $2,540.
His Republican challenger, Scott E. Nelson, received $1,400 in contributions, spent $1,742 and ended with $258.
Incumbent Dubuque County Auditor Kevin Dragotto reported receiving $25 in the period, spending no funds and ending with $8,529. He faces Republican candidate Keith Lucy in the general election, who did not file a campaign finance report for the period.
Incumbent County Recorder Karol Kennedy, who was appointed, is running for election as a Democrat — thus far unopposed. She received $875, spent $45 and ended with $830.
Incumbent Sheriff Joe Kennedy, who also has no challenger, reported neither receiving nor spending funds, and ended with $31.
The Republican primary for Clayton County sheriff is contested.
There, incumbent Sheriff Brent Ostrander received $6,672 in the period, spent $8,374 and ended with $1,988.
Republican challenger Brandon Taylor received $1,860, spent $2,978 and ended with $6.
The unopposed incumbent auditor, Democrat Jennifer Garms, reported receiving no funds, ending with $514.
In Delaware County, the only candidate running for election is incumbent Sheriff Travis Hemesath, who received $800, spent no funds and ended with $2,510.
Dennis Schroeder
Brent Kilburg
ISSN 2993-8384 (Online)ISSN 1041-293X (Print)
Your browser is out of date and potentially vulnerable to security risks.We recommend switching to one of the following browsers:
Account processing issue - the email address may already exist
Sign up with
Thank you .
Your account has been registered, and you are now logged in.
Check your email for details.
Invalid password or account does not exist
Sign in with
Submitting this form below will send a message to your email with a link to change your password.
An email message containing instructions on how to reset your password has been sent to the email address listed on your account.
No promotional rates found.

 Secure & Encrypted

Secure transaction.
Secure transaction. Cancel anytime.


Thank you.
                                    

Your gift purchase was successful!
Your purchase was successful, and you are now logged in.

A receipt was sent to your email.