Jason Kelce’s wife, Kylie Kelce, sank into her seat when she was put on the spot during her husband and brother-in-law Travis Kelce’s “New Heights Live: We Gotta Talk About It” show Thursday.
The Fifth Third Arena at the University of Cincinnati, which both brothers attended as college students, was packed with thousands of fans who came out to support to beloved Kelce family.
However, when cameras at the event caught Kylie sitting on the sidelines, the crowd erupted in cheers.
Video obtained by Page Six shows, though, that the shy mom of three immediately put her hand over her face to cover herself. She then reached for a cardboard cutout of Jason’s face to further shield herself.
While Kylie, 31, has been supportive of Travis’ “amazing” relationship with Taylor Swift — and even formed a bond with the pop superstar — she previously admitted she is not entirely comfortable with the attention that comes along with it.
“I almost feel a little guilty that people are so interested and invested in what I’m doing, and I’m like, ‘I’m trying to scrape apple sauce off the couch,'” she said on “Good Morning America” in January.
“It’s funny to me. I deeply appreciate the support.”
While Kylie is more timid, Jason, 36, and Travis, 34, both have proven they don’t have a shy bone in their body.
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end, for instance, proudly danced around to Swift’s “Shake It Off” in front of thousands of fans at the “New Heights” live show.
Perhaps Kylie is better one-on-one, though, as she graciously posed for photos with fans for a long time after the event wrapped.
“Kylie Kelce has been out here taking photos & signing autographs for #Bearcats fans since the @newheightshow ended,” a person at the taping shared via X Thursday. “That was over 30 minutes ago.”
Follow Page Six’s coverage of Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift’s whirlwind romance
Travis and Jason’s mom, Donna Kelce, was also seen mingling with fans ahead of the live show.
The matriarch kindly passed out sandwiches to hungry guests — similarly to how Swift’s dad, Scott Swift, once did at the Grammy winner’s Eras Tour show in Australia.
Although Taylor’s presence was felt throughout the arena as her songs “22” and “Wildest Dreams” played at various points in the evening, she did not attend the event.
However, she was not expected to be one of the special guests, as she reportedly has been focused on “rest and recuperation” during her much-needed time off from touring.
Fans and Travis kept Taylor in mind, though, by wearing friendship bracelets to the taping in her honor.
Advertisement