Vernon Downs hosted a Memorial Day Matinee harness racing card featuring New York Sire Stakes (NYSS) for 3-year-trotters for both the fillies and the boys on Monday (May 27).
R Melina (Chapter Seven) and driver Tyler Buter win the $59,200 first division of the NYSS for fillies.
Sister Mary Maude (Scott Zeron) took the early lead and led to the quarter in :27.3.  R Melina took over heading for the backstretch.  She led to the half in :57.1 and to three-quarters in 1:26.2.
As they reached the stretch Sister Mary Maude came all out after the leader.  R Melina had plenty in the tank and won in a lifetime best of 1:52.3.  Sister Mary Maude got second money.  Seven Year Itch (John MacDonald) finished third.
R Melina is a 3-year-old filly owned by Alabama Harness Associates and M&L of Delaware LLC.  She is two for two in 2024.  She now has nine career victories.
R MELINA REPLAY
Winning Alliance (Chapter Seven) and driver Todd Ratchford take the $58,100 second division for fillies.
Winning Alliance ($9.90) led to the quarter in :27.4.  She used a :30.1 second quarter to be first to half in :58.0 and first to three-quarters in 1:26.2.
As they entered the stretch Snorita Palema (Ake Svantedt) popped the pocket and came charging at Winning Alliance, but Winning Alliance dug in and won in a lifetime best of 1:53.0.  Senorita Palema had to settle for second.  Date Night Hanover (Dexter Dunn) came on late to finish third.
Winning Alliance is a filly owned by the Bax Stable and Glengate Farms while trained by Matthew Bax.  She is a perfect six for six in 2024.  She now has seven career victories.
WINNING ALLIANCE REPLAY
Situationship (Chapter Seven) and driver Ake Svanstedt cruised to a win in the $39,233 first division of the NYSS for colts & geldings.
Situationship ($4.90) took the lead and led to the quarter in :26.4.  It Wasn’t Me (Dexter Dunn) came flying down the backstretch and got to the half first in :56.2.   He was first to three-quarters in 1:25.2.
As they made the turn for home Situationship came roaring out of the pocket and flew down the stretch to win in a lifetime best of 1:52.1.  It Wasn’t Me had to settle for second.  Thinker Monkey (Scott Zeron) finished third.
Situationship is a colt trained by Svanstedt for Knutson Trotting, Little E LLC, and Tomas Anderson.  It was his first win this season and second career victory.
SITUATIONSHIP REPLAY
Wild Ticket (Chapter Seven) and driver Dexter Dunn win the $39,233 second division for colts & geldings in a driving rainstorm.
Show Me (Andy Miller) took the lead and led to the quarter in :28.2.  Wild Ticket ($2.60) took command going down the backstretch and led to the half in :59.1 and was first to three-quarters in 1:28.1.
As they reached the stretch, he just poured it on as it was pouring rain and breezed to a victory in 1:55.4.  Nottingham (Marcus Miller) was second best.  Victor Laszlo (Mark MacDonald) finished third.
Wild Ticket is a 3-year-old colt trained by Marcus Melander for owners AMG Stable Inc., K Kjellgren, Heights Stable, and Mantorp LLC.  It was his first win this season and third career victory.
WILD TICKET REPLAY
Dame Good Time (Chapter Seven) and driver Scott Zeron set track record for 3-year-old geldings in the $39,233 third division for colts & geldings.
Dame Good Time ($3.80) was first to the quarter in :26.3.  Devastate (Dexter Dunn) came first-up going down the backstretch.  Dame Good Time led to the half in :56.1.  Devastate then took control and led to three-quarters in 1:23.3.
As they reached the stretch, Dame Good Time popped the pocket and surged to the front and exploded down the stretch to set the track record for sophomore trotting geldings in 1:51.1.  Sir Pinocchio (Jason Bartlett) was second best.  Devastate had to settle for third.
Dame Good Time is a gelding owned by John Cummins and trained by Travis Alexander.  It was his second win in 2024.  He now has three career victories.
DAME GOOD TIME REPLAY
﻿
Vernon Downs returns to live racing on Friday (May 31) at 6:05 p,m.
For more information, click here.
For complete race results, click here: US Trotting results.
by John Horne, for Vernon Downs
Harnesslink.com is the only harness racing website dedicated to covering news and events in the Standardbred Industry world-wide.
Contact Us
Disclaimers
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2024 Harnesslink | All Rights Reserved | NV
© 2024 Harnesslink  |  All Rights Reserved  |   NV.