Houston Texans quarterback C.J. Stroud talks to reporters following an NFL football AFC divisional playoff game between the Baltimore Ravens and the Houston Texans, Saturday, Jan. 20, 2024, in Baltimore. The Ravens won 34-10. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez)AP
Not the question everyone would think they’d be asking after C.J. Stroud just had one of the best rookie seasons in NFL history, but is he dating Amber Rose?
The question sparked after Stroud and Rose left Travis Scott’s “Cactus Jack Foundation HBCU Celebrity Softball Classic” in the same car.
#Texans QB CJ Stroud leaving Travis Scott's celebrity softball game in Houston with famous rapper and model Amber Rose.pic.twitter.com/OuuO3qWzsM
For context, Stroud turned 22 years old in October, Rose turned 40 in October.
Rose has been linked to the Kardashian family for years, and also dated Kanye West for around two years. She’s also dated rapper Machine Gun Kelly and NBA player Terrance Ross. She was shortly married to rapper Wiz Khalifa and had a son with him. Rose released a couple of songs, appeared on Dancing with the Stars, launched a clothing line and had her own talk show among other endeavors.
Rose took to her Instagram story to address the rumors after the video of her and Stroud went viral:
“We literally don’t know each other and only met yesterday at a softball game. The sprinter left me and he was nice enough to give me a ride to my hotel thx again @cj7stroud.”
Stroud and Rose participated in Scott’s softball game, and Stroud was named MVP.
If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 1/1/2025).
© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.
Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.
YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.
Ad Choices