MYNORTHWEST NEWS
Jul 11, 2024, 12:15 PM                        | Updated: 12:55 pm
MOD Pizza logos on their restaurant in Leicester Square. (Photo: Dave Rushen, Getty Images)
(Photo: Dave Rushen, Getty Images)
BY BILL KACZARABA
Former MyNorthwest Content Editor
MOD Pizza, a national restaurant chain based in Bellevue, is being acquired by Elite Restaurant Group in Southern California, according to the trade publication Restaurant Business. 
The deal aims to save MOD from impending collapse. The terms of the acquisition were not disclosed.
“MOD has an outstanding culture and passionate, loyal guests and employees,” Elite Restaurant Group President and Owner Michael Nakhleh said in a statement. “We recognize the inherent value this represents and look forward to helping MOD write the next chapter in its history.”
Nakhleh has sought out financially troubled restaurant brands. Their portfolio includes Patxi’s Pizza, Marie Callender’s and Daphne’s.
Business News: Costco membership fees increasing for first time in 7 years
“MOD is a beloved brand with a strong following,” MOD Pizza CEO Beth Scott said in a news release. “We’re excited to work with Elite Restaurant Group to strengthen MOD’s future.”
During the first quarter, the chain closed underperforming locations and provided severance to employees who could not be transferred to another location. According to Restaurant Business, the number of store closures was more than two dozen.
“We have occasionally closed units that are unprofitable, which is the normal course of business for any company our size,” the company said in a statement emailed to Restaurant Dive in April.
Last week, reports suggested MOD was considering a Chapter 11 filing.
The Kroger-Albertsons merger: 124 Washington stores will be impacted 
MOD officials plan to restructure debt. The company is working on a turnaround plan that involves “rightsizing the portfolio” and enhancing the guest experience.
MOD is a pioneer in the pizza niche. It began in 2008 at downtown Seattle’s Union Square building.
Despite raising $345 million from investors, including Nigel Travis and Spencer Rascoff, the chain faced challenges due to rapid expansion. The company generated an estimated $699 million in domestic sales last year, up 5.7%,
Bill Kaczaraba is a content editor at MyNorthwest. You can read his stories here. Follow Bill on X, formerly known as Twitter, here and email him here.
Frank Lenzi

                                    A motorcyclist died in a crash in Bellevue on Friday night, police said. It happened around 9:40 p.m. at the intersection of NE 8th Street and 116th Ave NE. “Bellevue Police was able to confirm the motorcyclist, an 18-year-old male, was traveling northbound on 116th Ave NE at a high rate of speed,” police said […]                                
2 hours ago
Samantha Lomibao, KIRO 7 News

                                    Tacoma families rallied together to put an end to the youth gun violence that happens all too often.
On Friday, crowds gathered in front of First Creek Middle School to show kids and teens that adults are there to support and guide them.                                
2 hours ago
By Brandon Thompson, KIRO7 News and KIRO7 Eyewitness News staff

                                    A fire believed to be intentionally set destroyed a 128-foot railroad bridge owned by Mt. Rainier Scenic Railroad.                                
4 hours ago
Tom Brock

                                    A fire spread across a steep slope behind a home in Bellevue's Newcastle area Friday evening and ignited the back deck of the house.                                
5 hours ago
Frank Sumrall

                                    “Rust" is finally in theaters, but unfortunately, its incapable of escaping the tragedy that was the on-set death of cinematographer Halyna Hutchins.                                
11 hours ago
Frank Lenzi

                                    A man shot a suspected burglar in the leg early Friday morning at an apartment complex in Seattle.                                 
22 hours ago

                                    Home Comfort Alliance goes beyond simply installing a system—it provides long-term peace of mind.                                

                                    Discover how State Roofing and Exteriors is expanding with new offices in Western Washington, enhancing service for homeowners.                                

                                    Struggling with Medicare expenses? Discover programs that can help you save significantly each month on premiums.                                

                                    Deciding when it's time for senior living can be challenging. However, a senior living community can be a positive step toward ensuring safety, health and happiness.                                

                                    Safeway and Albertson’s launched the Nourishing Neighbors program to ensure everyone has access to nourishing food every day.                                

                                    The Museum of Pop Culture (MOPOP), located in Seattle, steps into the realm of folklore and fantasy with its upcoming exhibition, "Asian Comics: Evolution of an Art Form."