Manage your account
Donald Trump’s campaign is shifting its attacks to vice president Kamala Harris amid fears she’ll replace Joe Biden ahead of the election.
The president’s second in command is usually spared the barbs reserved for their boss by rivals, but with pressure mounting on Mr Biden to stand down, there is now serious chatter that Ms Harris could replace him as the Democrat’s presidential nominee.
In a video obtained by Politico that will play next week at the Republican National, Trump’s team rips into Ms Harris.
“If you ever wondered how JOE BIDEN can get the border so screwed up, he had help,” the video starts, followed by images of the VP laughing.
Ms Harris was tasked with controlling immigration at the border from Central America, something Trump says the administration has failed to do.
“This video reminds Americans that standing right next to weak and failing Joe Biden has been his cackling co-pilot Kamala… making our communities less safe,” senior Trump adviser Brian Hughes adds in a statement.
Critics of Ms Harris say she has been largely absent from the spotlight since Mr Biden took office in 2021.
However, seven senior sources told Reuters earlier this month that she is the top candidate to replace him.
Responding to the campaign video, Brian Fallon, a spokesman for the Harris campaign, told Politico, Ms Harris “has stood up to fraudsters and felons like Donald Trump her entire career” and that Trump “is lying about the vice president because she has been prosecuting the case against him on the biggest issues in the race.”
Follow the day’s updates below and join the conversation in the comments section
That’s it for today’s live blog - thanks for following. Here is a rundown of the day’s main stories:
Elon Musk has thrown his weight behind Donald Trump with a “sizeable” donation to a group working on his bid for reelection.
Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky has brushed off Joe Biden’s gaffe in which he mistakenly introduced him as Russian foe Vladimir Putin, saying “we can forget some mistakes.”
Joe Biden said his health is a ‘legitimate concern’ for voters but maintained he would not be leaving the presidential race.
Republicans are set to gather in Milwaukee to select Donald Trump as their presidential nominee at the party’s four-day convention starting on Monday.
President Joe Biden held a rare rally in Detroit on Friday night, telling a cheering crowd he will not leave the election race and warning that Republican Donald Trump poses a serious threat.
Elon Musk has thrown his weight behind Donald Trump with a “sizeable” donation to a group working on his bid for reelection.
The billionaire boss of Tesla has been a vocal critic of Joe Biden and supporter of right wing policies, having become more politically outspoken in recent years.
In May reports surfaced that Mr Musk met Trump to discuss being an adviser to his administration.
On Friday, Bloomberg reported that Mr Musk gave an undisclosed sum - but “a sizable amount” - to a group called America PAC, which is helping Trump retake the White House.
The report added that the group can receive unlimited contributions for political activity, and is next required to disclose its list of donors on July 15.
Donald Trump is reportedly as much concerned about what’s in the heads of his vice presidential candidates as he is what’s on their heads.
As he finalises his choice of running mate, the former president is eyeing the candidate who can not only help his bid for reelection but has an enviable barnet to match.
“He’s very seriously looking at each candidate’s hair,” a Trump source told the website Puck.
JD Vance and Marco Rubio, both senators, as well as Doug Burgum, the North Dakota governor, are said to be the three leading candidates to join Trump on the Republican 2024 ticket.
“Doug’s got great hair; that’s what [Trump] demands in his VP,” said the source.
Click here to read the full story
Smoke and mirrors covered his many gaffes, but now a growing number of Democrats fear the 81-year-old president has made one slip too many, write Ben Wright, Rozina Sabur and Tom Teodorczuk.
Following Joe Biden’s disastrous performance against Donald Trump in their debate on June 27, White House reporters started poring through the visitors log at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. One name kept cropping up again and again: Dr Kevin Cannard.
The neurologist and specialist in movement disorders works at the Walter Reed National Military Medical Center, which serves the president. Eagled-eyed journalists spotted that he visited the White House no fewer than eight times between last July and this March.
The revelation forced a statement from the White House which suggested Dr Cannard had only seen Biden for his three annual physicals and the other visits were related to military personnel. Dr Kevin O’Connor, the White House doctor, added: “President Biden has not seen a neurologist outside of his annual physical.”
But even taken at face value, the statement prompts some additional questions. Firstly, why has the White House press corps taken this long to start investigating the medical comings-and-goings taking place under their noses? And, secondly, if the president really isn’t seeing specialist doctors, why not?
Read the full story
Facebook has lifted restrictions imposed on Donald Trump after the Jan. 6 attack on the Capitol, placing the former president on an equal footing on the platform with Joe Biden just days before the Republican National Convention.
The social media giant had initially banned the former president from using its platforms in 2021 after his supporters stormed the Capitol. Meta, Facebook’s parent company, lifted that ban last year but announced Trump would be subject to “guardrails” such as “heightened suspension penalties” if posts violated its standards.
Now, the company has removed those restrictions, reasoning that while they were put in place following the “extreme and extraordinary circumstances” of the Capitol attack, Trump had not done anything to run afoul of them.
Donald Trump is due to speak in Pennsylvania today where he might unveil his vice presidential pick.
The former president has one last chance to unveil his choice for VP on a rally stage before the Republican National Convention kicks off in Milwaukee next week.
The rally, to be held at the Butler Farm Show just outside Pittsburgh at 5pm, comes as the former reality TV star continues to tease his pick, working to drum up maximum attention and hype.
Trump has made clear in recent days that his preference is to dramatically reveal his pick live at the convention — something the ratings-obsessed former president has said would make the proceedings more “interesting” and “exciting.”
Concerns about the president’s recent performance are escalating in the party, write David Millward and Verity Bowman.
A growing number of Democrats are urging Joe Biden to conclude his bid for re-election and make way for a younger contender after a series of stumbling performances on stage.
Concerns about his recent debate performance have escalated within the party over the past two weeks, drawing criticism from politicians, donors and other insiders.
Critics in the House of Representatives and beyond are now adding their voices to those pushing for a reconsideration of Mr Biden’s candidacy.
Click here to see who they are
Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelensky has brushed off Joe Biden’s gaffe in which he mistakenly introduced him as Russian foe Vladimir Putin, saying “we can forget some mistakes.”
As he began a visit to Ireland, MrZelensky told reporters at Shannon Airport that “it’s a mistake. I think United States gave a lot of support for Ukrainians. We can forget some mistakes, I think so.”
Mr Zelensky will meet Irish leader Simon Harris at the airport later Saturday, their first bilateral meeting on Irish soil.
Asked for his message to Ireland, Zelensky said: “First of all, thank you so much for your support, thanks to Ireland for hosting a lot of Ukrainian refugees, you were with us from the very beginning of the Russian invasion.”
Lunden Roberts would like Navy, her daughter with Hunter, to play a greater role in the life of the president’s family, writes our US correspondent Susie Coen.
Five-year-old Navy Joan Roberts grins as she charges out of her bedroom while proudly cradling a postcard of Joe Biden.
When she visited Washington DC last month, her mother told her she could choose anything she wanted from the White House gift shop.
But rather than picking out a board game, puzzle or soft toy of the president’s dog, Navy chose a headshot of the smiling US president to keep in a birdhouse in her bedroom.
It might seem an unusual choice, but Mr Biden, 81, is more to this little blue-eyed girl with soft blonde curls from rural Arkansas than just the head of state – he is her grandfather.
Read the full story
Democratic Congresswoman Cori Bush said all the phone calls to her office are about Joe Biden dropping his bid for reelection.
Campaigning in downtown St. Louis, she said “100% of the phone calls into our office are asking me to ask the President to step out of the race. And so I’m making it clear: if you have an opinion on it, please call our office and let us know.”
Joe Biden said his health is a ‘legitimate concern’ for voters but maintained he would not be leaving the presidential race.
Mr Biden came under pressure once again yesterday from members of his party to recognise the vulnerability of their position amid questions over his ability to lead.
His recent gaffes at a Nato Summit on Thursday have only fuelled concerns that he is incapable after he mixed up the Ukrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky with Vladimir Putin and his vice president with Donald Trump.
As he held a rally in the battleground state of Michigan, he cut a lonely figure as support from his party drained away and he fielded concerns from California Democrat Mike Levin in a virtual meeting with members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus.
Following calls from Mr Levin to step aside, Mr Biden acknowledged that his achievements are not cutting through with voters like they did before.
‘“That was great when you were feeling good, Biden — are you OK now?’ That’s what’s underlying. That’s what people are worried about,” he told Mr. Levin.
“It’s a legitimate concern for people, but that’s why I think it’s important — I’ve got to get out and show people everything from how well I move to how much I know and that I’m still in good charge.”
Gretchen Whitmer said Detroit was ‘all in’ for President Biden as she bats away rumours she will be running for president.
The Michigan governor has been tipped as a possible contender for the presidential bid, something she has dismissed as “a distraction more than anything” as she rules out a run even if Mr Biden were to step down. .
Speaking after Mr Biden’s rally in Michigan, she said: “It’s always great to have President Joe Biden in Detroit! Motor City is all in for Biden-Harris.”
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump will hold a campaign rally near Pittsburgh in the critical battleground state of Pennsylvania on Saturday.
It comes as suspense builds over who he will choose as his running mate for the Nov 5 US election.
Trump has said he will announce his vice presidential pick shortly before or during the Republican Party’s national convention, which kicks off on Monday in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and where he and his No. 2 will be officially nominated.
Trump mentioned Ohio Senator J.D. Vance, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, North Dakota Governor Doug Burgum and South Carolina Senator Tim Scott as possible running mates during a radio interview on the “The Clay Travis & Buck Sexton Show” on Friday.
Imitation is said to be the sincerest form of flattery, so when Joe Biden gave a rally in Michigan last night, Donald Trump had something to crow about.
As Mr Biden got to the subject of his political rival, the crowd chanted “Lock him up”, a riff on the famous phrase shouted at Trump rallies calling for the imprisonment of his 2016 presidential opponent Hillary Clinton.
Mr Biden also took a swipe at the press, another key feature of the Trump playbook.
“Hopefully with age comes a little wisdom,” Mr Biden added
“Here’s what I know - I know how to tell the truth, I know right from wrong ... and I know Americans want a president, not a dictator.”
Republicans are set to gather in Milwaukee to select Donald Trump as their presidential nominee at the party’s four-day convention starting on Monday.
Milwaukee is a Democrat stronghold, so it didn’t help smooth things over with wary Democrats when Trump used the word “horrible” when talking about Milwaukee just a month before the convention that begins Monday.
Adding to the angst, Milwaukee was supposed to host the Democratic National Convention in 2020, but it didn’t happen due to Covid. Owners of local restaurants, bars and venues say the number of reservations that were promised during the RNC aren’t materialising. And protesters complained the city was trying to keep them too far away from the convention site to have an impact.
“I wish I was out of town for it,” Jake Schneider, 29, said as he passed by the city’s statue of Fonzie, the character played by Henry Winkler in the 1970s sitcom “Happy Days” that was set in Milwaukee. “I’m not super happy that it’s the Republican Party coming to town.”
President Biden’s Nato press conference drew 24.2 Million viewers on Thursday, according to Nielsen data.
The event, in which Mr Biden made two disastrous mixups, still attracted a far smaller audience than the 51 million people who tuned in to watch his terrible debate performance against Donald Trump two weeks before.
Democrat supporters thronged a gym in Detroit yesterday evening to hear Joe Biden speak.
The US president struck a defiant tone as he said “I’m not going anywhere” and hit back at what he said was negative press coverage around him.
“They’ve been hammering me,” he said of the media, eliciting boos from the crowd.
“Guess what, Donald Trump has gotten a free pass,” he added.
President Joe Biden held a rare rally in Detroit on Friday night, telling a cheering crowd he will not leave the election race and warning that Republican Donald Trump poses a serious threat.
Mr Biden, 81, is trying to shift the conversation from his mental sharpness to the impact of another Trump presidency, as his campaign struggles after his shaky debate performance on June 27 and two high-profiles gaffes at the Nato summit on Thursday.
“I am running and we’re going to win,” he said to a crowd that carried “Motown is Joetown” signs and chanted “Don’t you quit” before he spoke.
“I’m the nominee,” he said. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Broaden your horizons with award-winning British journalism. Try The Telegraph free for 3 months with unlimited access to our award-winning website, exclusive app, money-saving offers and more.