Getty (2)
Travis Kelce made sure to take notes when a contestant on Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity? gave parenting advice.
During the Wednesday, November 13, episode of the show, Vanderpump Rules star Lala Kent asked a contestant for parenting advice. At the time, the reality star was pregnant with her second child, Sosa Kent, whom she welcomed in September. Before the contestant revealed her mommy secrets, host Travis, 35, gestured like he was pulling something out of his back pants pocket, saying, “Let me get out my pen and paper.”
A clip of the moment went viral on social media and fans were convinced that Travis and girlfriend Taylor Swift have talked about having kids one day.
“Yeah no one can tell us otherwise kids haven’t been a discussion,” one fan wrote in response to the clip via X.
This isn’t the first time kids have been the topic of conversation between Travis and Taylor, 34, who he started dating in 2023. In fact, Life & Style previously reported that the A-list pop star has “marriage and kids on the brain” with the Kansas City Chiefs tight end.
“One of Travis’ biggest attractions is that he’s so family-oriented,” an insider exclusively told Life & Style in February.
Traylor has since been on an uphill trajectory in their relationship and, despite their grueling schedules, they always have time for each other. On September 5, Taylor kicked off her second season as a WAG while attending the first Chiefs home game of the 2024-2025 NFL season.
In October, Travis revealed that Taylor visited him on the set of Are You Smarter Than a Celebrity?
“Taylor was there and obviously I always love having Taylor’s support,” the Grotesquerie actor told Entertainment Tonight on October 9. “I’ve always had that support from my family and friends. I do the same for them in every way of life that I can, and I’m just very fortunate in that for sure.”
The following month, the Catching Kelce star attended Taylor’s Indianapolis show of the Eras tour, which marked the last time he got to see the concert live.
“I wanted to see Tay one more time before this thing got closed up. I’ll tell you what, man, that thing was rocking. Absolutely rocking,” he gushed during an episode of his “New Heights” podcast.
“With Travis, she doesn’t seem so concerned with what people are or aren’t seeing. It’s refreshing for everyone to witness her being so much more relaxed and authentic,” a source exclusively told Life & Style on November 13. “Taylor’s embracing his unfiltered personality and letting loose herself more, too. Everyone in her life has noticed how different she seems with Travis.”
Taylor and Travis’ love has spread into their families, who are constantly supporting their kids’ partners. The “Lover” singer’s dad, Scott Swift, has had a ball cheering on Travis at Chiefs home games at Arrowhead Stadium. Meanwhile, Travis’ mom, Donna Kelce, sported a Tortured Poets Department bracelet during a Thursday, November 14, appearance on the Today show.
Conversation
All comments are subject to our Community Guidelines. Life & Style does not endorse
						the opinions and views shared by our readers in our comment sections. Our comments section is a place
						where readers can engage in healthy, productive, lively, and respectful discussions. Offensive language,
						hate speech, personal attacks, and/or defamatory statements are not permitted. Advertising or spam is
						also prohibited.
					
Life & Style has affiliate partnerships so we may receive compensation for some links to products and services.
Life & Style is part of the a360media Entertainment Group.Copyright © a360media 2025. All Rights Reserved
By clicking Sign In, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and that you have read our Privacy Policy.
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include:
Sign InUp with your social account
We won't post to any of your accounts
Your password must include: