E-Edition
Sign up for email newsletters
to submit an obituary

To place an obituary Monday through Friday, 8:30am to 4:00pm, please email obits@dailylocal.com or call us at 610-235-2690 for further information.


Saturday & Sunday, please contact obits@dailylocal.com

Sign up for email newsletters
E-Edition

			TRENDING:		
WEST CHESTER — A Chester County judge found a Philadelphia man guilty of fatally ambushing the brother of his estranged girlfriend in a shooting that appeared to be motivated by revenge for a dispute he had with the woman, the sister of the victim.
On Friday, Common Pleas Judge Thomas P. “Tip” McCabe found Lynelle Unique Flowers, a small business owner and graduate of Cheyney University, guilty of first-degree murder in the 2021 death of 22-year-old Tariq Scott Jr., who was shot in the chest and neck outside his family’s Sadsbury Township home.
McCabe, who was hearing the case without a jury, had listened to five days of testimony in the trial, which featured not only eyewitness testimony, but also evidence gathered by the state police including modern technology that helped track Flowers from his home in the city to the neighborhood in which the Scott family lived in western Chester County.
Flowers, 21, who owned a clothing and apparel line at the time of the shooting named “Family, Money, Business,” also was  found guilty of conspiracy, third-degree murder, and aggravated assault on the victim’s girlfriend and her young child, who were sitting in her car outside the valley Road home when he approached and fire five shots through the window.
He now faces a mandatory sentence of life in state prison without parole on the first-degree murder conviction, plus possible additional prison time for the assaults. He was returned to Chester County Prison after McCabe delivered his sentence about 5:30 p.m. Friday.
Formal sentencing will take place at a later date sometime this year.
In addition to the forensic evidence that the prosecution, led by First Assistant District Attorney Erin O’Brien and Assistant District Attorney Joshua Parambath, presented to show Flowers’ presence at the scene of the crime, McCabe watched a statement given by Flowers after his arrest in August 2021 in which he acknowledged his involvement in the shooting — although he claimed he had not meant to kill Scott.
“I know it doesn’t make sense to some people,” Flowers told state Trooper Tyler Albee, the lead investigator in the case. “But this wasn’t my intention. All in all, Tariq didn’t have nothing to do with the situation. My emotions got the better of me.”
When Albee asked Flowers whether he was sorry about what happened, he answered, “Yes, extremely.”
“You fired the shots,” stated Albee. “What did you do next?”
“I really can’t tell you,” Flowers answered. “I really don’t recall.”
Scott, a well-liked graduate of Coatesville Area High School known as “Rico” who dealt in cryptocurrency and lived with his parents on Valley Road, was shot while he sat in the passenger seat of a Kia owned by his girlfriend, Erica Sanchez.  More than a dozen of Scott’s family and friends lined the seats of McCabe’s courtroom listening to testimony every day last week.
According to a criminal complaint filed by Albee, Scott was targeted because of his relationship to Danaeja Buchanan, his sister and Flowers’ estranged girlfriend. The two men, however, had had an earlier confrontation when Scott accused Flowers of stealing money from him while Flowers lived with the family in Coatesville in early 2021.
According to a press release from the D.A.’s Office and Albee’s criminal complaint, Scott, his girlfriend, and her 1-year-old child were sitting in the girlfriend’s car outside the Valley Road home he shared with his father, stepmother, and sister around 2 a.m. on June 22, 2021. The family had allegedly been on the lookout for Flowers during the day because of threats he had made to kill Scott’s father, Travis Scott Sr. The victim was seen checking outside the window through closed curtains in the hours before his death.
Two days earlier, on June 20,2021 Flowers is believed to have physically assaulted Buchanan during an argument in the home they shared on South Alden Street in West Philadelphia after she said she was leaving him and taking their two children with her.
According to authorities, Flowers punched and choked Buchanan and then slammed her against the floor. She sustained a concussion and bruising to her left eye socket. He also threatened to kill her father and stepfather.
That same day, Buchanan’s mother and aunt traveled to Philadelphia to take custody of the children, but Flowers and his family members assaulted them. While Buchanan was at their house to take her belongings, she saw Flowers retrieving what is believed to be a 9 mm handgun he kept on top of a kitchen cabinet.
Buchanan told others, including Scott, about the threats Flowers made. His father also told investigators that Flowers called him numerous times between June 20 and June 21, asking for his address so he could fight him. The victim’s father eventually blocked his harassing phone calls.
After the rest of the household had gone to bed the night of June 21, Scott, who worked late hours, and his girlfriend went out for a trip to Wawa. When they returned around 1:45 a.m., they sat in her car talking with her young child in the rear seat. Unbeknownst to them, Flowers and his friend, Zahir Randall, who had driven Flowers to the house, had arrived at the scene about 45 minutes before and were waiting nearby in the dark for them to return.
According to the release, Flowers approached the car the couple was sitting in and fired five shots into it at point-blank range, striking Scott in the neck and killing him. His girlfriend dove into the backseat to protect her child and called 911. Both men immediately fled from the area. Fired cartridge casings and two projectiles were found there.
In an interview with state Trooper Aaron Botts later that morning, Travis Scott Sr. allegedly told him that he “already knew” who had killed his son, naming Flowers and describing the previous days’ events.
Flowers’ attorney, Michael Noone of West Chester, had argued that the case against his client was based on speculation by Sanchez that the man who fired the shots was Flowers.
“He was not involved in the crime,” Noone told McCabe at the start of the case.
Noone argued that cellphone evidence that showed Flowers’ phone traveling from Philadelphia to the area outside Coatesville where the shooting took place, merely showed the presence of the phone, not Flowers himself.
To contact staff writer Michael P. Rellahan call 610-696-1544.
Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group