celebrity birthdays
Mason Disick is cruising into his milestone 15th birthday in style, thanks to a special gift from his dad, Scott Disick. The eldest son of Scott and ex-Kourtney Kardashian turned 15 on December 14 and celebrated with a luxury present that perfectly fits his budding teenage years: a mini Mercedes-Benz G-Class Wagon.  
Scott proudly shared the heartfelt moment on his Instagram Stories, posting a photo of the pint-sized luxury vehicle parked alongside a lineup of cars. "Happy birthday big boy!" Scott captioned the snap. "Felt like it was only fair 4 you 2 get your first G-Wagon—even if it's a mini G-Wagon, it's still a wagon! Love u son!!!!!! Let the good times roll."  
The 41-year-old dad continued with a sweet note of praise, calling it the "coolest little wagon I have ever seen" and adding, "You deserve every inch of it! Love you more than anything in life."  While Mason won't be hitting the roads just yet, he is approaching the age when he can legally apply for a California state provisional instruction permit. Until then, he can enjoy his stylish new ride and the good vibes that come with turning 15.  
 Mason shares his birthday with his younger brother Reign Disick, who turned 10 on the same day. To make Reign's milestone equally memorable, Scott treated him to his first-ever Los Angeles Rams game last week. "Had 2 much fun with you at your first game you asked me to take you to, and I don't even like sports," Scott joked in a loving Instagram Story tribute to his youngest son. "That's when you know you really love your kid! Just kidding, love u more than life, young blood. Happy bday son."  
Mason and Reign also received much love from their mom, Kourtney Kardashian. The reality star, now married to Blink-182 drummer Travis Barker, took to Instagram to share a joint birthday tribute to her sons. "My birthday boys," Kourtney captioned a carousel of Mason and Reign throwback photos. "So special to me it hurts my heart."  
The birthday festivities were a family affair, with proud aunt Kim Kardashian chiming in on Kourtney's post, writing, "I still can't believe they are born on the same day. Happy Birthday Mason and Reign. I love youuuuuuu."  
Grandmother Kris Jenner also celebrated the occasion with a heartwarming Instagram post dedicated to her "birthday twins." 
 "Our birthday twins! I still can't believe the two of you share the exact same birthday," Kris wrote. "What a special blessing that connects you forever. You are both so deeply loved, and I am endlessly grateful to God for choosing me to be your grandma."  Kris shared heartfelt words for Mason, adding, "Mason, you are so kind, creative, smart, talented, and the best brother, son, grandson, cousin, and friend. Watching you grow up and become such a caring and wonderful young man is pure magic—you make us all so proud."  
© ¡HOLA! Reproduction of this article and its photographs in whole or in part is prohibited, even when citing their source.