Audience members at the New Amsterdam Theatre will receive a commemorative, limited edition Playbill.
The Broadway production of Disney's Aladdin, which celebrated its 10th anniversary at the New Amsterdam Theatre March 20, is marking the occasion with a special performance March 28. 
Director-choreographer Casey Nicholaw has staged a slate of hidden Easter eggs and a surprise in the show’s signature production number, “Friend Like Me.” Audience members will also receive a special commemorative, limited edition Playbill, which can be ordered by clicking here, and will be distributed at the New Amsterdam for performances through April 30.
The long-running production, which reopened September 28, 2021, following the 
pandemic, has played over 3,500 performances and welcomed nearly
 six million theatregoers to the New Amsterdam.
A few trivia facts about the Broadway production—which has been among the top 10 highest-grossing shows nearly every week of its run—and its special effects: Aladdin and Jasmine have flown over 115 miles on the magic carpet while singing the Oscar-winning “A Whole New World”; The Genie has set off more than 131,000 pyrotechnics in “Friend Like Me”; In
 the Act Two opener “Prince Ali,” the cast and wardrobe team have made 
nearly a quarter million lightning-fast costume quick changes; and 850 pounds of custom-mixed glitter have been used to create the Genie’s signature sparkle.
Check out Aladdin merchandise in the Playbill Store
The current Broadway cast of Aladdin is led by Michael Maliakel in the title role, Michael James Scott as Genie, Sonya Balsara as Jasmine, and Dennis Stowe as Jafar.
The cast also features Milo Alosi, Zach Bencal, and Brad Weinstock as Aladdin’s sidekicks, respectively, Kassim, Babkak, and Omar; JC Montgomery as Sultan; and Don Darryl Rivera as Iago. Caleb Barnett, Jeremy Gaston, and Wes Hart stand by for several principals.
READ: All the Actors Who Have Played Aladdin, Jasmine, and the Genie in Aladdin on Broadway
The stage production, which expands the 90-minute film into a two-act format, has music by Alan Menken, lyrics by the late Howard Ashman and Tim Rice and a book and additional lyrics by Chad Beguelin. Nicholaw directs and choreographs.
Aladdin opened at the new Amsterdam March 20, 2014, following previews that began February 26. The musical was nominated for five 2014 Tony Awards, including Best Musical. James Monroe Iglehart won the Tony for his performance as the Genie. Globally, there have been 11 productions of Aladdin on four continents.
Aladdin is designed by Tony-winning scenic designer Bob Crowley, Tony-winning lighting designer Natasha Katz, Tony-winning costume designer Gregg Barnes, and sound designer Ken Travis.
The production team also includes illusion designer Jim Steinmeyer, hair designer Josh Marquette, and makeup designer Milagros Medina-Cerdeira.  The music team is headed by music supervisor and music director Michael Kosarin, who also created the vocal and incidental music arrangements, joined by orchestrator Danny Troob and dance music arranger Glen Kelly. John MacInnis is the associate choreographer, Jason Trubitt is the production supervisor, and Myriah Bash is the general manager. Anne Quart serves as executive producer.
Michael James Scott
JC Montgomery
Brad Weinstock, Milo Alosi, and Zach Bencal
Don Darryl Rivera
Jonathan Weir
Sonya Balsara
Jacob Dickey
Michael James Scott
Michael James Scott and Company
Hilary Kole, John Pagano, and Ta-Tynisa Wilson will perform nearly 50 songs by the late singer-songwriter. 
See clips of the numbers “Daydream,” "Flying Away" and "Jugglin'" from the new musical. 
The play comes on the heels of a broader cultural conversation about Dahl's work and the prejudice that was embedded in many of his most beloved stories.
Pearson will be the first disabled actor to portray Joseph Merrick on screen. 
The musical will play its final performance on Broadway May 18. 
The Harvey Schmidt-Tom Jones musical would go on to play over 17,000 performances at the Sullivan Street Theatre.
The festival pairs American writers and London-based directors
to create new short plays inspired by a unique London locale.
The play began performances April 28 at Audible's Minetta Lane Theatre.
Maltby will also direct the new revue at the Connecticut venue.

                                    Sign up for announcements and exclusive discounts on tickets to your favorite shows!
                                
Blocking belongson the stage,not on websites.
Our website is made possible bydisplaying online advertisements to our visitors.
Please consider supporting us bywhitelisting playbill.com with your ad blocker.Thank you!