RICHMOND, Va. — Gov. Glenn Youngkin announced Wednesday, June 5, that Virginia will abandon California’s stringent vehicle emissions rules aimed at reducing carbon pollution at the end of the year when that state’s current regulations expire, citing an attorney general opinion.
In response to a request from Youngkin and Senate Republican Leader Ryan McDougle, Attorney General Jason Miyares’ opinion issued June 4 states that Virginia isn’t required to comply with new mandates adopted by the California Air Resources Board set to take effect on Jan. 1.
Youngkin, a Republican, said in a statement that Virginians deserve to choose which vehicles fit their needs and called the idea that government should tell people what kind of car they can buy “fundamentally wrong.”
“Once again, Virginia is declaring independence — this time from a misguided electric vehicle mandate imposed by unelected leaders nearly 3,000 miles away from the Commonwealth,” Youngkin said.
The move was quickly condemned by Democrats and environmental groups.
“He seems to think he has more power than Vladimir Putin,” state Senate Majority Leader Scott Surovell said via text message. “The governor is breaking the law and the AG is giving him cover.”
The Southern Environmental Law Center called the decision “illegal, shortsighted, and bad public policy.”
“The Clean Cars standards will help spur the transition to cleaner vehicles and bring significant health and environmental benefits to all Virginians. That is why the General Assembly adopted them,” Trip Pollard, a senior attorney with the center, said in a statement.
“The governor tried to get the legislature to repeal the law and failed; he cannot just dictate a different outcome,” Pollard said.
Miyares said in a statement that the opinion from his office confirms that Virginians are no longer required to follow California’s standards.
“EV mandates like California’s are unworkable and out of touch with reality, and thankfully the law does not bind us to their regulations,” Miyares said. “California does not control which cars Virginians buy, and any thoughts that automobile manufacturers should face millions of dollars in civil penalties rather than allowing our citizens to choose their own vehicles is completely absurd.”
In a memo to the Department of Environmental Quality, the State Air Pollution Control Board and stakeholders, Natural and Historic Resources Secretary Travis A. Voyles said Wednesday that Virginia will default to federal standards at the end of the year. He said Miyares’ opinion confirms that state law doesn’t require the State Air Pollution Control Board to adopt California’s new standards and the board has not acted under its discretionary authority to do so.
Virginia’s “clean cars” law was initially adopted in 2021, when the state government was under full Democratic control. It required that starting in 2024 a certain percentage of new passenger vehicles sold by manufacturers be electric or hybrid electric. Last year, Virginia Senate Democrats defeated several Republican efforts to repeal the law.
The mechanism for reaching the mandated vehicle sales threshold involved adopting California’s vehicle emissions standards. California has had the authority to set its own rules for decades under a waiver from the federal Clean Air Act.
The program applies to manufacturers, not car dealers. Manufacturers who aren’t in compliance can buy credits from others who have surpassed the target.
By Denise Lavoie and Sarah Brumfield. Brumfield contributed to this report from Silver Spring, Maryland.
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. The Trucker Media Group is subscriber of The Associated Press has been granted the license to use this content on TheTrucker.com and The Trucker newspaper in accordance with its Content License Agreement with The Associated Press.
Clark Transfer looking for CDL Drivers in Appleton, WI - Let's get the show on the road
Basin Transportation looking for CDL Drivers in Jefferson City, MO
Oakley Trucking looking for CDL Drivers in Hermann, MO - Owner Operator
Professional truck drivers, motor carriers and other trucking-industry experts turn to The Nation to find the latest on all things trucking in the U.S. The Nation provides updates on federal legislation and regulations affecting the trucking industry, as well as the latest news from the U.S. Department of Transportation and state transportation agencies. Readers discover the latest options for truck parking, amenities available to truck drivers at truck stops and rest areas throughout the nation, and the latest on truck drivers and motor carriers in the news.  The Nation delivers news about upcoming industry events, opportunities to nominate fellow drivers and companies for awards and recognitions, tips for staying safe and healthy on the road, the latest happenings at the U.S.-Mexico and U.S.-Canada borders, and much more.
The Trucker realizes that federal and state regulations impacts trucking companies and their drivers.  While the goals of most new government regulatory programs may be to gain broad public support, in practice regulations usually come down to detailed rules and paperwork that can be highly costly and burdensome to those who have to comply.  These regulations often have a more significant impact on smaller companies who have limited resources and have more difficult time adapting.  For example, new equipment and personnel regulations can create extra expenses for trucking companies and meeting these regulations can be costly.
The Trucker News Staff produces engaging The Nation content for TheTrucker.com, which has served the trucking industry for more than 30 years. With a focus on professional truck drivers, the Trucker News Staff works to provide content that is relevant, objective and engaging pertaining to the trucking segment of the transportation industry. Although we try our best to accomplish this mission every day, if you have any comments, input or feedback, please Contact Us.