By CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:58, 24 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:13, 24 December 2024   
 38
View  comments
Travis Scott gave back to his hometown with the help of his daughter Stormi Webster.
The rapper's non-profit, Cactus Jacket Foundation, held their fifth annual Winter Wonderland Food and Toy Drive over the weekend at Texas Southern University, Houston.
Stormi, six, made an adorable cameo as she joined her father at the toy booth, even getting into the holiday spirit with a 'Cactus Jack' Santa hat. 
The proud father, 33, took a photo of his little girl, whose mother is reality star Kylie Jenner, as she beamed with happiness. 
In collaboration with the Houston Food Bank, Cactus Jack supplied attendees with over 2,000 toys and bikes, according to People.
The donated gear included 200 Nike Cactus Jack sneakers, in addition to dolls and other items from the likes of the Houston Astros, Space Village, Fanatics.
Travis Scott gave back to his community with the help of his daughter Stormi Webster at Cactus Jack's fifth annual Winter Wonderland food and toy drive
Cactus Jacket also offered 1,000 bags of food. 
Prospective students were also presented with an opportunity to sign up for Scott's Waymon Webster Scholarship Program, a scholarship assisting those studying at historically Black universities and colleges. 
Other celebrities in attendance included rapper Don Toliver, Love Island USA alum Serena Page, according to People. 
Even Santa Claus made an appearance. 
Video posted by the non-profit to their Instagram showed off all the fun had by attendees, with families lining up to take part in the winter festivities. 
'Cactus Jack Foundation 5th Annual Winter Wonderland Toy & Food Drive served over 1000 Houston residents on Texas Southern University campus for the first time in honor of the Cactus Jack Waymon Webster HBCU Scholarship Program launched in 2019,' the video was captioned. 
Stormi is the daughter of Travis and his ex-girlfriend Kylie Jenner, with whom he also has son Aire Webster, two.
Travis and Kylie dated on-off since 2017, however split for good in 2022.
The proud father, 33, took a photo of his little girl as she manned the toy booth
Video shared by the foundation showed the rapper giving back to his community 
Since 2023, Kylie has been in a relationship with actor Timothee Chalamet. 
The couple recently enjoyed an early Christmas celebration with Kylie's family, including her two children.
A source shared with Page Six that the couple enjoyed dinner with the Jenner-Kardashian family before going to see the Christmas lights with Kylie's kids. 
'They had a really nice dinner together with Kylie’s family, and they drove around to look at Christmas lights,' the insider stated. 
'The kids had a really magical time, and Kylie and Timothée made some very special memories together,' the insider dished to the outlet.
Santa Claus even made an appearance 
Travis shares Stormi and son Aire Webster with his ex-girlfriend Kylie Jenner; pictured in London in 2022
It was noted that because the two 'aren’t going to be together on Christmas Day this year, they made sure to celebrate beforehand and even exchanged some gifts.'
'Timothée not only got Kylie gifts, but also got some for the kids, which Kylie thought was so sweet and thoughtful,' it was added.
Per the source, 'Kylie and Timothée are both going to be with their families for Christmas, but they’re going to stay connected despite being apart.'
The Hollywood leading man and billionaire businesswoman plan on 'FaceTiming, texting and calling' while they spend December 25 on separate coasts.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group