The Chicago Bears have found a nice little groove heading into their bye week. They have won three games in a row and are now 4-2 on the season. On Sunday, Chicago went to London and dominated the Jacksonville Jaguars with a 35-16 victory.
Despite picking up the win, the Bears lost long-snapper Scott Daly. He suffered a knee injury on Chicago's second punt of the game and was been ruled out. Tight end Cole Kmet had to step up and be the long snapper for the remainder of the contest. 
Daly is listed as week-to-week but that didn't stop the Bears from adding an insurance policy.
#Bears sign Jake McQuaide and Jamree Kromah to practice squad, released Travis Bell
According to Aaron Wilson of KPRC2, the Bears are signing Jake McQuaide and Jamree Kromah to the practice squad. That led to Travis Bell being released. 
McQuaide has played in 190 games in his 13-year career. The 36-year-old is a two-time Pro Bowler, suiting up for the St. Louis/Los Angeles Rams (2011-20), Dallas Cowboys (2021-22), and Detroit Lions (2023). 
Although there is a chance that Daly is healthy, the Bears want to be prepared. They don't want to throw Kmet back out there, which is understandable. His focus solely needs to be on offense, as he's coming off five catches for 70 yards and a season-best two touchdowns. 
McQuaide is a player who could step right in and do the job. Thankfully, their next matchup takes place on Oct. 27 when the Bears travel to play the Washington Commanders at 3:25 CT. 
More Bears news and rumors:
© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.