Just a couple of London boys.
Tessa Petak is a Brooklyn-based writer who helps to cultivate InStyle's illustrious news coverage across a wide range of topics including celebrity, fashion, and entertainment. She also produces and composes celebrity profiles and features for the site and InStyle's digital issues.
Getty Images
 The Kelce brothers have touched down in London and arrived at Miss Taylor Alison Swift's Eras Tour show. And while Travis has quite a few Eras shows under his belt, tonight's London concert marks Jason's first-ever time experiencing the magic.

Getty Images
 In fan photos posted to X, Jason and his wife, Kylie Kelce (this is also her first time seeing the show) were spotted arriving at Wembley Stadium together. Jason stuck to his signature laid-back sense of style in a collared pullover while Kylie chose a black tee and forest green trousers. Travis was spotted entering the VIP section to cheer on his girlfriend in a polo shirt, shorts, sneakers, and a baseball cap while exchanging a handshake with Taylor's dad, Scott Swift.

Getty Images
 Travis is a seasoned Eras Tour concertgoer at this point. Of course, he's attended several of her shows (including one in Paris, which he enjoyed alongside her bestie Gigi Hadid and her boyfriend Bradley Cooper). Not to mention, Swift's concert in Kansas City last year is how their romance was born. After attending the show at Arrowhead Stadium, the NFL star told his older brother Jason on their podcast New Heights that he was bummed he didn't get to talk to her and give her a friendship bracelet with his number on it. (Phone or jersey? According to Travis, "You know which one.")

 The Eras Tour is the hottest show in London this weekend—even for the royal family. Prince William has reportedly put his public duties and royal engagements on pause to celebrate his 42nd birthday with his kids at Swift's show. A fan account post, which has since been deleted, stated that William would be taking Princes George and Louis and Princess Charlotte to tonight's show. Royal expert Rebecca English reposted the tweet, causing fans to think a royal x Swift crossover could be taking place tonight.

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles to personalise content. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content. 
List of Partners (vendors)