Manage your account
The Kansas City Chiefs tight was spotted handing out guitar picks to fans and wearing an assortment of friendship bracelets
Don Arnold/TAS24/Getty; James Gourley/Shutterstock
Taylor Swift welcomed Travis Kelce to Australia the best way she knows how!
Swift, 34, celebrated her boyfriend's arrival by changing the lyrics to "Karma" again during her performance at Accor Stadium in Sydney on Friday.
The NFL star, 34, attended the show with his friend Ross Travis, who stood beside him as Swift sang, "Karma is the guy on the Chiefs coming straight home to me," in a video shared on X, formerly Twitter.
After Swift sang the new lyrics, the crowd let out a loud cheer, and Kelce began dancing with his hands in the air.
James Gourley/Shutterstock
Related: Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce Share a Kiss After Her 1st Sydney Eras Tour Show
The Kansas City Chiefs tight end made the best of his experience by handing out guitar picks to fans and wearing an assortment of friendship bracelets. He made sure to look his best by sporting a noticeably shorter beard and a bright blue outfit from the Louis Vuitton x Yayoi Kusama collaboration.
Swift and Kelce's reunion in Sydney marked the first time the two spent time together since the 2024 Super Bowl, during which the Chiefs beat the 49ers in overtime 25 - 22. A day before the concert, the couple spent time at Sydney Zoo.
It is the first time Kelce was spotted at an Eras Tour show since flying to Argentina to watch Swift perform at Buenos Aires' Estadio River Plate in November 2023.
Related: Taylor Swift Performs 1st Sydney Eras Tour Show After Delays from Rain and Nearby Lightning Strike
Don Arnold/TAS24/Getty
The Buenos Aires show also marked the first time Kelce met Swift's dad, Scott, and the first time Swift performed the lyric change.
Kelce later reacted to the new lyrics on the New Heights with Jason and Travis Kelce (Presented by Wave Sports + Entertainment) podcast, revealing that he had a "clue" about it happening.
"I might have had a little bit of a clue, but definitely when I heard it come out of her mouth, [it] still shocked me," he said.
Being that the first Eras Tour show that Kelce attended was in July 2023 — before the start of their relationship — he told his brother that the concert "was even more electric."
Mike Djordj / Splash
Never miss a story — sign up for PEOPLE's free daily newsletter to stay up-to-date on the best of what PEOPLE has to offer, from celebrity news to compelling human interest stories.
"I was enjoying myself down there in Buenos Aires," he said. "The show was even more electric knowing that I had a little bit more to enjoy it for and yeah. Taylor absolutely ripped it. She killed it. And it looked like she was having some fun up there."
For more People news, make sure to sign up for our newsletter!
Read the original article on People.