Manage your account
A Jackson County judge denied a request to lower the bond for one of the men accused of murder in the Chiefs Super Bowl rally shooting at a hearing Thursday, according to court documents.
Associate Judge R. Travis Willingham denied any changes in the bond for 23-year-old Lyndell Mays of Raytown, finding that there was “clear and convincing evidence” that the current bond conditions were the least restrictive to ensure Mays appearance in court and the public safety, according to court documents.
Mays is one of three men charged with second-degree felony murder and unlawful use of a weapon, as well as two counts of armed criminal action, in the mass shooting on Feb. 14 outside Union Station. Lisa Lopez-Galvan, a 43-year-old Johnson County mother of two and a beloved party DJ, was killed.
Mays is being held in the Jackson County jail on a $1 million cash-only bond.
As one of Mays’ relatives left the courtroom after the hearing, she began yelling. Willingham directed a deputy to place her in handcuffs and had her wait until he finished with other cases.
After she apologized, the judge let her go with a warning against future outbursts. She was not charged or held in contempt, said Scott Lauck, public information officer for the Jackson County Circuit Court.
Meanwhile, at a separate hearing Thursday, Judge J. Dale Youngs set a March 10, 2025, jury trial for 20-year-old Terry J. Young of Kansas City, one of the other men charged with murder in the shooting. Young remains in Jackson County jail on a $1 million cash-only bond.
The third man charged with murder in the shooting, 18-year-old Dominic Miller of Kansas City, remains in the hospital.
Both Miller and Young face identical charges of second-degree felony murder and unlawful use of a weapon, as well as two counts of armed criminal action.
Prosecutors alleged that Mays drew and fired first. Gunfire from Miller’s firearm struck and killed Lopez-Galvan, according to court documents. Young can be seen in surveillance video drawing a gun, and he appears to shoot several times, a detective wrote in court documents.
Under Missouri law, a person who did not pull the trigger can still be charged when someone is killed during the commission of a dangerous felony.
Earlier this week, testimony began in a certification hearing for a 16-year-old boy who has been charged in connection with the rally shooting. The proceedings, which will resume later in May, could end in the boy being prosecuted as an adult.
The teen, referred to throughout Tuesday’s proceedings by his initials, A.M., has been charged with one count of unlawful use of a weapon and one count of resisting arrest.
Another teen, a 15-year-old, also was charged on March 20 with unlawful use of a weapon for shooting at a person and armed criminal action. That youth is due back in court for a detention hearing on May 15 and also may be tried as an adult. A certification hearing for that matter has not yet been set.
A third teen was also detained on gun-related charges that do not rise to the level to be tried as an adult.