Victoria have named a 13-player squad for its clash against South Australia at the CitiPower Centre, its first Marsh Sheffield Shield game of the year starting on Saturday, 3 February.
Scott Boland, Nic Maddinson, Jonathan Merlo and Todd Murphy all come into the squad following the BBL break.
Will Pucovski has been ruled out of selection on medical advice. Pucovski has experienced some delayed concussion symptoms following the match in Adelaide.
Cricket Victoria's Head of Male Cricket, David Hussey, said:
"Will passed the relevant tests following the knock in Adelaide last week but has subsequently experienced symptoms over the following days," Hussey said.
"We've spoken to our medical staff and the advice is clear that he won't be able to play this match. While he's in otherwise good spirits, it's important that Will focuses on recovering with the support of our broader team."
Incumbent captain Will Sutherland and all-rounder Matt Short are also unavailable for the game due to their selection in the Australian ODI squad to take on the West Indies.
Peter Handscomb will captain the side in Sutherland's absence.
Nic Maddinson returns for the first time since a knee injury suffered last season for the Melbourne Renegades in BBL|12 while Travis Dean has been omitted.
"We're excited to welcome Nic back into the squad. It was great to see him back playing cricket in the BBL and now we're keen to see him in action in the Shield," Hussey said.
"His record in the top order for Victoria is impressive, averaging 52 in those top positions, so we're looking forward to having him back.
"We're delighted to see Will Sutherland and Matt Short to get their chance to represent Australia on the national stage.
"It will be great to have Scott Boland back around the group, while Todd Murphy is in line to play his first red-ball game since early December, while Jon Merlo and Tom Rogers earn their recall to the squad after impressing in the 2nd XI and Premier Cricket."
Wicketkeeper Sam Harper is also available for selection, being passed fit to play after he suffered a head knock during the BBL season.
"Sam has completed all stages of the medical return to play. He has no ongoing symptoms and feels confident ahead of Saturday's game."
Victoria and South Australia will play for the David Hookes Trophy, which is currently held by Victoria following their 23-run win in Adelaide last year.
The first day of play will also see Victoria's past players gather to celebrate the 2003/04 Sheffield Season winning team.
Squad
Peter Handscomb (c) (St Kilda)
Scott Boland (Frankston)
Xavier Crone (Carlton)
Sam Elliott (Fitzroy Doncaster)
Marcus Harris (St Kilda)
Sam Harper (Melbourne)
Campbell Kellaway (Melbourne)
Nic Maddinson  (St Kilda)
Jon Merlo (St Kilda)
Todd Murphy (St Kilda)
Fergus O'Neill (Melbourne)
Mitch Perry (Richmond)
Tom Rogers (Ringwood)
Marsh Sheffield Shield
Victoria v South Australia
2 – 5 Feb, 10:30AM
CitiPower Centre, St Kilda
cricket.com.au, Kayo Sports