By TERRY ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  08:06, 1 July 2024   |  Updated:  15:42, 1 July 2024   
 36
View  comments
Kylie Jenner showed off her wild side at sister Khloe Kardashian's 40th birthday bash on Saturday. 
The beauty mogul, 26, took to Instagram to share hilarious footage of herself riding a mechanical bull with her BFF Stassie Karanikolaou at the big Dolly Parton-themed bash.
In the extensive video, showcasing the antics of Khloe, Kim Kardashian, and matriarch Kris Jenner, Kylie and Stassi rocked their 'diamonds and denim' themed outfits before hopping on the bull.
Once saddled up, with Kylie in front of Stassi, the pair bursts into laughter as they're whipped around on the machine. 
It wasn't clear if Timothee Chalamet joined in the lively festivities, given that he and Kylie were seen enjoying a romantic date the previous night. 
Kylie Jenner showed off her wild side at sister Khloe Kardashian 's 40th birthday bash on Saturday
The beauty mogul, 26, took to Instagram to share hilarious footage of herself riding a mechanical bull with her BFF Stassie Karanikolaou at the big Dolly Parton-themed bash 
The reality star and the 28-year-old Dune actor — who were last pictured together in January at the Golden Globes — kept low profiles as they arrived at the TCL Chinese Theatre for a movie night.
The mother of two showcased her toned midriff in a white crop top paired with black baggy pants, complemented by a baseball cap and a facial mask.
She completed her look with simple flip-flops, adding a black jacket and a large black tote as she walked ahead of her matinee idol boyfriend.
Timothée echoed her stylish dark ensemble with his own touch, sporting a sleek black hoodie, comfortable shorts, a casual baseball cap, and a facial mask. 
The couple's outing follows their double date in New York City in May, although they were not photographed together at the time. 
Kylie and Timothee joined another couple at the hotspot called Tatiana by Kwame Onwuachi, per People.
During the relaxing outing, an insider expressed to the outlet that Timothee was 'really chill and so nice' at the casual dinner.
A separate source added that both Jenner and Chalamet prefer to keep their relationship 'low-key' and mainly out of the public eye.
In the extensive video, showcasing the antics of Khloe, Kim Kardashian , and matriarch Kris Jenner , Kylie and Stassi rocked their 'diamonds and denim' themed outfits before hopping on the bull
Once saddled up, with Kylie in front of Stassi, the pair bursts into laughter as they're whipped around on the machine
The women had a blast at the party as the tackled the mechanical bull with ease
The two most likely spent time together in the Big Apple due to Timothee currently filming his upcoming movie, A Complete Unknown, in NYC as he takes on the role of Bob Dylan.
The pair were last pictured together earlier this year in January when they attended the Golden Globes together.
During the awards ceremony, Jenner and Chalamet cozied up as they sat next to each other.
At one point, also shared a sweet kiss inside The Beverly Hilton where the festivities took place.
Kim showed off her wild side as well
Khloe and Kim took over the bash with their fun personalities
Kris Jenner made an appearance in all her hilarious glory
Jonathan Cheban, aka FoodGod, was seen with Laurie Lynn Stark
Shortly after their appearance together at the event, a source told Us Weekly, 'Timothee mingled for a little bit but was otherwise right next to Kylie the whole time.' 
'They were having a very intimate conversation and shared a few kisses. It was obvious they have amazing chemistry.'
The same insider added that the lovebirds 'couldn't keep their hands off each other' throughout the big night.
Sources also told Us Weekly that the couple are 'madly in love.'
It was revealed that the Dune: Part Two actor has already met Kylie's two children, Stormi and Aire - whom she shares with ex Travis Scott. 
'Timothee has met them in group situations where there were other family members or friends around.' 
The source later added that Jenner's family 'adores' the actor and stated, 'They are all for this relationship and really hope it lasts.' 
But in early March, split rumors arose when the pair were not seen together for nearly three months.
It wasn't clear if Timothee Chalamet joined in the lively festivities, given that he and Kylie were seen enjoying a romantic date the previous night . 
The pair were last pictured together earlier this year in January when they attended the Golden Globes together (seen above) 
The couple, who were seen packing on the PDA during a commercial break, have been dating since around January last year, with their love being confirmed in April
The private couple have faced both pregnancy and split rumors in recent months; seen in 2023 at the US Open
However, later that same month, insiders told DailyMail.com that the pair have not ended their relationship and explained the lack of them appearing in the spotlight was to 'protect' their romance. 
'Timothee didn't like all the attention he got with Kylie during the Golden Globes and their kiss took away from the reason he was there.' 
The source said, 'His career is taking off and he wants to protect it and let it thrive based on his talent – not who he is or isn't dating. He also wants to protect his relationship with Kylie.' 
'They are still dating. But Timothee has decided to keep a low profile with Kylie, mainly because he wants Dune 2 to get all the attention and for the movie to speak for itself,' the insider added at the time. 
The source expressed that the Kylie Cosmetics founder 'knows that he thinks the world of her, and she gets the person that he is personally and the person he wants to be professionally.' 
'Maybe a year from now when Dune 2 starts getting nominated for things, he will be more relaxed about being out with her and attending more red carpets together. But as of now, he is keeping the relationship close to his chest and Kylie is fine with that.'
Last month in April, rumors began to swirl on social media that The Kardashians star was expecting her first child with Chalamet.
Comedian Daniel Tosh had alleged during an episode on his podcast that Kylie was pregnant and claimed she revealed the news while filming Hulu's The Kardashians at a market in Malibu. 
However, a source shut down the speculation and claims to DailyMail.com, stating that the rumors were '100% false.' 
It was revealed that the Dune: Part Two actor has also met Kylie's two children, Stormi and Aire - whom she shares with ex Travis Scott. 'Timothee has met them in group situations where there were other family members or friends around'
However, later that same month, insiders told DailyMail.com that the pair have not ended their relationship and explained the lack of them appearing in the spotlight was to 'protect' their romance
Later in April, another insider confirmed to Us Weekly that the TV personality 'is not pregnant' and added that the pair are 'still dating.' 
'Kylie and Timothee have been keeping in touch while he's been in [Manhattan] filming and are still together.' 
The reality star also took to her Instagram account to show off her sculpted midriff to further debunk pregnancy rumors. 
Jenner and Chalamet first sparked romance rumors last year in April 2023 - after first crossing paths a few months earlier during Paris Fashion Week. 
Most recently, Kylie seemingly ruled that Timothee is off limits when it comes to The Kardashians. 
The season five premiere - which aired last week on May 23 - showed Jenner spending time abroad during Paris Fashion Week last year, where she had been spotted with Chalamet at the time.
The Wonka actor did not make any appearance in the episode, and was not mentioned throughout the season premiere as well.
Shortly before the season five premiere, fans had been convinced that Jenner gave a secret nod to Chalamet in a teaser.
In April, rumors began to swirl on social media that The Kardashians star was expecting her first child with Chalamet
However, a source shut down the speculation and claims to DailyMail.com , stating that the rumors were '100% false'; seen in January in Paris 
Most recently, Kylie seemingly ruled that Timothee is off limits when it comes to The Kardashians
While the couple are rarely seen in the public together, Kylie briefly discussed her romance with Chalamet in March during an interview with The New York Times and revealed whether the romance has influenced her evolving style.
The beauty mogul stood in a front of a desert-inspired backdrop - and fans speculated she was referencing to the actor's latest movie, Dune: Part Two - which was released in theaters back in March.
However, her other family members also joined in during the promo, including mother, Kris Jenner, and her sisters.
'I don't know how I feel about that. I  just don't want to talk about personal things,' she told the outlet. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group