Manage your account
All products and services featured are independently chosen by editors. However, Footwear News may receive a commission on orders placed through its retail links, and the retailer may receive certain auditable data for accounting purposes.
More from Footwear News
Supreme Is Releasing a Special Edition of the Nike Air Force 1 Low Exclusively in Shanghai
Karlie Kloss Struts in Corset Style Mach & Mach Shoes on the Pink Carpet for NYC Charity Event
Here's Every WNBA Player Who's Ever Had - Or Will Soon Have - a Signature Sneaker: Dawn Staley, Sabrina Ionescu, A'ja Wilson + More
With the start of the WNBA season and the NBA playoffs well underway, early returns on the sneaker landscape for May are almost entirely coming up basketball.
New signature models from Kevin Durant, his 17th from Nike, and Breanna Stewart, her third form Puma are both slated to launch roughly halfway through the month. Durant will also see the first-ever retro for one of the most heralded sneakers from his career, and new two new colorways will come out of Nike’s Kobe Protro series.
On the collaboration front, LaMelo Ball will link with KidSuper through his Puma MB.03. And away from hoops, Travis Scott will add another take on the Air Jordan 1 Low, Bode’s Nike Astrorgrabber will return for a second chance at purchasing and A$AP Rocky will help revive a Puma running sneaker from 2000 that will fit in well within the wider Y2K running trend.
Below, Footwear News has charted out the best sneaker releases for May. We’ve also prepped dedicated pages Air Jordan, Nike and Adidas releases for the month. This post will be updated as new information becomes available.
$160
Buy Now at nike 
Release Date: May 1Price: $160A second drop for Bode’s Nike debut is scheduled to go down on the Snkrs app. The Astrograbber plays it close to its root as a football turf shoe from the early ’70s while adding charms distinct to each colorway.
Release Date: May 1 Price: $190 Nike celebrates the late Gigi Bryant’s birthday for the third year in a row with a special-edition Kobe sneaker. This year’s Kobe 8 continues the black, white and gold theme while adding a butterfly print.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 1Price: $190 James Harden’s hit signature sneaker gets a blue and white makeup that makes it the closest thing yet to a Los Angeles Clippers colorway.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 1Price: $150 The enigmatic streetwear brand CPFM brings back its Nike Air More Uptempo-inspired AF1 Low in two tonal colorways to close a four-year gap on its last release for the staple sneaker.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 2 Price: $75Salehe Bembury’s third model for Crocs combines elements from his first, the Pollex Clog, and the brand’s Classic Clog in three colorways. Later this month, his fourth silhouette will arrive through the first sneaker.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 2Price: $118Supreme and Nike SB are bringing back the Darwin Low, an outdoor basketball sneaker from 1994, for the very first time. Four colorways — camo, neon green, white and blue, and black — will make for a prolific drop date.
$219.99
Buy Now at new balance 
Release Date: May 2Price: $220The latest assortment from Teddy Santis’ New Balance Made in USA line brings two vivid treatments for the beloved 993.
$150
Buy Now at adidas 
Release Date: May 2 Price: $150A modernized Samba made for indoor soccer in 2009 makes its return and will test the bandwidth for terrace style.
Release Date: May 3Price: $120A$AP Rocky is helping Puma bring back its Inhale running sneaker from 2000, and 150 pairs featuring a custom insole from the rapper will only be available through gifting.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 3Price: $135Nike continues to bring back Dunk Lows originally released as super-rare Japan-exclusives under the Co.JP line more than 20 years ago. With an unofficial “Ultraman” nickname, this iteration from 1999 pays homage to the ’60s Japanese sci-fi character of the same name.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 4 Price: $215The second-biggest Air Jordan release of the year thus far is an Air Jordan 4 colorway that hasn’t been released in 12 years and has never returned with its “Nike Air” branding on a retro release.
$100
Buy Now at adidas 
Release Date: May 4Price: $100The Samba gets a new colorway prime for the summer.
Release Date: May 5Price: $160The NBA’s undisputed sneaker king gets his first Nike collab with the Air Flight ’89, a sister shoe of sorts for the Air Jordan 4, which will release exclusively through PJ Tucker’s Houston sneaker boutique, The Better Generation.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 8Price: $110The shoe Jennie gave the namesake character of “Forrest Gump” makes its return to stores with a premium leather makeup.
$135
Buy Now at puma 
Release Date: May 9Price: $135KidSuper proves a natural fit for LaMelo Ball’s Puma MB.03 colorway, as both have a penchant for can’t-miss graphics.
Buy Now at stockx 
Release Date: May 9Price: $300Alyx founder Matthew M. Williams and Nike made a running shoe specifically for treadmills, and with a greater sense of style than you’re likely to find on any surface, arriving in two monochromatic colorways.
Release Date: May 10 Price: $200The sneaker briefly known as the Jumpman Jack releases with a new moniker and a new color scheme likely to precede an additional release through the Snkrs app.
$296
Buy Now at luisaviarome 
Release Date: May 10 Price: $250First-time Adidas collaborator and former Yeezy designer Dingyun Zhang gives the Samba a luxurious and exaggerated look with patent leather and a plush collar commanding a premium price tag.
Buy Now at nike 
Release Date: May 11Price: $150 Devin Booker’s first signature sneaker gets its second colorway with snakeskin detailing inspired by his love of hiking and the fauna of the state in which he plays for the Phoenix Suns.
Buy Now at puna 
Release Date: May 14Price: $125WNBA superstar Breanna Stewart’s third signature sneaker debuts in a colorway calling out her hometown of Syracuse.
Release Date: May 15Price: $120Korn and Adidas reunite after their debut collaboration last fall and now turn to the Campus 2.0 with grey suede and the same array of branding from the first two sneakers. A red Supermodified will also release along with a run of apparel and accessories.
Release Date: May 15Price: $170The NBA’s surefire Rookie of the Year gets his first-ever sneaker release through a special edition of the GT Hustle 2 embracing his “Alien” nickname. Wembanyama will likely receive a signature sneaker in the next year or so as well.
Release Date: May 15Price: $170All featuring the same grey suede and leather base, Pharrell’s Humanrace x Adidas Samba is dropping in six colorways at once. Red, blue, yellow, green, black or white options form the Three Stripes, mustache and sockliner.
Release Date: May 17Price: $165, $150  New Balance’s month-long celebration of its signature color scheme includes a one-two punch of the retooled 1906R and young Wrpd Runner silhouettes in one day.
Release Date: May 17Price: $150Kevin Durant’s newest signature sneaker releases a month after had been previously reported but still well shy of a year after its predecessor. With its overt inspiration from the Air Max Plus, the KD 17 could be his biggest sneaker in years.
Release Date: May 18Price: $135Futura’s been collaborating with Nike SB for nearly as long as the skateboarding division has existed, and his latest effort will appeal to both longtime and newer sneakerheads as it rollouts out through skate shops and boutiques before hitting the Snkrs app May 22.
Release Date: May 18Price: $190The beloved “Space Jam” arrangement comes to the Air Jordan 11 for the very first time for what will likely be a ubiquitous sneaker this summer.
Release Date: May 18Price: $216Puma’s first sneaker from Puma is also his first entirely original model and features an iridescent look that comes to life when hit with light. A May 18 release date has been confirmed for Europe, but it’s not yet clear if the U.S. will get the shoe on the same day or at a later time.
Release Date: May 18Price: $200Following up on an “Indigo” duo of Asics sneakers from earlier this year, Philly boutique Lapstone & Hammer now turns to the Gel-Kayano with three new colorways taking inspiration from the caffeinated beverages coffee, matcha and ube. Each pair has been dip-dyed by hand, meaning no two sneakers are exactly alike.
Release Date: May 21 Price: $250Wales Bonner played an integral role in making the Samba the trendiest sneaker on the market, and now the label is turning its attention to the version of the sneaker retooled for indoor soccer in 2009. Four colorways of the Samba Millennium will release alongside two new SL72s.
Release Date: May 21Price: $130Another high-profile Durant drop sees one the most iconic sneakers of his career come back for the first time.
Release Date: May 22Price: $250 As a follow-up to the sneaker celebrating his birthplace in Colombia, the J. Balvin x Air Jordan 3 “Rio” now looks to Brazil while flipping black for white while featuring the same gradient detailing.
Release Date: May 24Price: TBD In celebration of its 10-year anniversary, Adidas’ Spezial line is looking back on its archive and bringing back four sneakers with slight updates. Leading the lot is a new version for the Blackburn “Nightsafe,” which saw only 160 pairs release and has sold for up to nearly $70,000 on the resale market, as well as the Ardwick that launched Spezial.
Release Date: May 25 Price: $150Following the launch of his first signature sneaker, Travis Scott returns to his favorite model for collaboration with an AJ1 Low taking on the colors of his high school.
Release Date: May 25Price: $200The original Air Jordan 12 “Taxi” colorway undergoes slight changes including small red midfoot paneling and a switch from gold- to silver-tone eyelets.
Release Date: May 30Price: TBDSalehe Bembury and Crocs’ massively succesful partnership is now turning to sneakers for the first time for the Juniper, which maintains their signature fingerprint motif with an aggresive sole unit.
Release Date: May 31Price: $190The second Nike Kobe release invokes the relationship Bryant had with his four daughters through a new green suede makeup.
Ian Servantes is a Senior Trending News Editor for Footwear News specializing in sneaker coverage. He’s previously reported on streetwear and sneakers at Input and Highsnobiety after beginning his career on the pop culture beat. He subscribes to the idea that “ball is life” and doesn’t fuss over his kicks getting dirty. 
Best of Footwear News
Air Jordan 11 History & Timeline: Everything You Need to Know About the Air Jordan 11
The History of Oxford Shoes: From University Grounds to Red Carpets
Clogs Evolution Through the Years, Photos
Sign up for FN's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.