The Kansas City Chiefs have won Super Bowl LVIII - becoming the first team since the New England Patriots in 2004 and 2005 to win consecutive titles. The Chiefs have now claimed four Super Bowl victories.
The game went to overtime, where it could have gone either way. However, Chiefs star Quarterback Patrick Mahomes found receiver Mecole Hardman for the final touchdown to win a third title in five seasons.
The crowd went wild when the Chiefs cinched the win and confetti launched across the stadium. One reaction many looked for was Taylor Swift's, as ITV1 commentators said she looked close to tears.
The Karma singer showed every emotion throughout the game, from cheering along with friends rapper Ice Spice and actress Blake Lively to biting her nails during the tense game. As the Chiefs won the championship, cameras cut to Swift, who travelled from Japan to see her boyfriend Travis Kelce in action, as the pair locked lips in celebration.
The popstar has been playing four consecutive shows at the Tokyo Dome as part of her Eras Tour this week. The star was piled on by friends and family in her Super Bowl suite amid the 49ers loss.
She was joined by celebrity friends and family members in her private suite, including Travis' mother Donna Kelce, his dad Ed Kelce, as well as his brother and Philadelphia Eagles player Jason Kelce and his wife Kylie.
Taylor's brother Austin Swift and father Scott Swift are also in attendance. The Karma singer was also seen talking to NFL commissioner Roger Goodell. Friends Miles and Keleigh Teller were also in the suite.
Following the game, Taylor was seen cheering on Kelce and the Chiefs as they were given the Lombardi trophy. During the presentation Travis sang a rendition of Viva Las Vegas and even said his signature "you gotta fight, for your right to party."
Taylor met Travis on the field, giving a huge hug and congratulations to her boyfriend. The two were clearly emotional, cuddling up and trying to take a private moment together. Over the clip, commentators said Swift was "near in tears" and that the relationship is "something special."
Taylor and Travis' romance has been credited with generating greater global interest in the National Football League (NFL), particularly from women. Last month photographs of the couple kissing went viral as Swift celebrated on the field after the Chiefs triumphed over the Baltimore Ravens, defeating the team 17-10 at the MT Bank Stadium in Baltimore.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.