Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
 Based on facts, either observed and verified firsthand by the reporter, or reported and verified from knowledgeable sources.
Newsweek AI is in beta. Translations may contain inaccuracies—please refer to the original content.
🎙️ Voice is AI-generated. Inconsistencies may occur.
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce's relationship appears to be getting even more serious.
According to the Daily Mail, Swift and Kelce, both 34, celebrated Easter with his family in Pennsylvania — with the 14-time Grammy winner also meeting her boyfriend's three nieces for the first time. (Travis' brother, Jason Kelce, and sister-in-law Kylie Kelce are the proud parents of daughters Wyatt, 4, Elliotte, 3, and Bennett, 1, who affectionately refer to Travis as "Uncle Trav.")
Kylie, for her part, appeared on The Today Show the next day, where she voiced her support for Travis and Swift's romance.
"Ultimately, if Trav's happy, we're happy. We are always cheering on Uncle Trav," Kylie, who married Jason in 2018, told Savannah Guthrie and Hoda Kotb on Monday, April 1. "It's such a treat to be able to do that on and off the field. It's been amazing."
While Jason, Kylie and their kids live just outside of Philadelphia — Kylie's hometown and where Jason played center for the Eagles for over a decade before retiring in March — Pennsylvania is also Swift's home state, growing up on a Christmas tree farm in Cumru Township before moving to nearby Wyomissing. (Swift and her family moved to Nashville when she was a teen for her career.)
Meeting Travis' nieces on Sunday was undoubtedly a big step in the couple's romance, as the Kansas City Chiefs tight end is extremely close with the girls.
"Uncle Travis is a very animated person around the girls," Travis and Jason's mom, Donna Kelce, told People in December 2023. "He talks to them, gives them quality undivided attention, and plays with them on their level with humor and amazing excitement."
While Swift shares her own tight-knit bond with her family — parents Scott and Andrea and younger brother Austin, 32 — she's also become close with Travis' throughout the football season, cheering alongside his parents at Chiefs games since September 2023.
Earlier this year, a source told Us Weekly that the couple's families are entirely on board with their romance, which began in the late summer of last year.
"Both of their families love them as a couple and Taylor has become even more close with Travis' mom, [Donna]," the insider shared in March. "Taylor has really been integrated into the family. They have fully embraced her. It's a whole new world and chapter for her."
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment news. She has in-depth knowledge of pop music and fandom. Michelle joined Newsweek in 2024 after editorial positions at Us Weekly, iHeartRadio and more. She is a cum laude graduate of Drew University. You can get in touch with Michelle by emailing mmcgahan@newsweek.com. You can find her on X @MichelleMcGahan. Languages: English.
Michelle is a Newsweek editor based in the New York metro area. Her focus is reporting on celebrity and entertainment                                    ...
Read more

Newsletters in your inbox See all
Company
Editions:
Contact
Terms of Use
© 2025 NEWSWEEK DIGITAL LLC