LARAMIE -- Sitting in a spacious office high above the famed Sun Bowl on the outskirts of El Paso, Dana Dimel talked about how he missed the wide-open plains and snowy mountain tops of Wyoming.
He earned his first head-coaching gig in Laramie. He married his wife Julie on the 50-yard line inside War Memorial Stadium. They had natural grass back then, he joked back in April of 2019.
With recruiting season in full swing, Dimel, who was in his second season at the helm, was in the midst of attempting to rebuild a struggling UTEP program. He raved about the incoming rookies and spoke about the passion of Miners fans.
Did he want to eventually join the Mountain West?
The smile that followed said it all.
MORE UW FOOTBALL NEWS VIA 7220SPORTS:
* Dana Dimel: 'I could've left it better'
* Wyoming Volleyball axes upcoming game against San Jose State
* Wyoming Cowboys in the NFL: Week 4
* Mountain West officially welcomes UTEP to conference
* Reports: UTEP set to become newest member of Mountain West
* Wyoming's bye week couldn't have come at a better time
* Tom Burman on realignment: 'Stability was priority one'
* Tuck's Take: Svoboda played 'Cowboy Football' in first-career win
* Rants and Raves: Air Force Edition
* Pokes soar past Air Force in the second half, roll to 31-19 win
* Turning point, unsung hero and what's next for UW Football
* LIVE FILE: Wyoming vs. Air Force
* Hulstrom: 'I wanted to be a Cowboy'
While it didn't happen on Dimel's watch -- he was let go after the 2023 season with a 20-49 overall record in six seasons -- UTEP finally got the invite its fans have been waiting for. That school signed on the dotted line Tuesday and will begin conference play in 2026, reuniting with former WAC rivals Wyoming, New Mexico, Air Force and others.
Dimel pointed out in the distance to what appeared to be white script atop a desert peak. The words are in Spanish. That’s because it’s beyond the dried-up Rio Grande River in a city called Juarez.
"Who would've ever thought," Dimel chuckled," I can see Mexico out of my office window now."
Welcome back, UTEP. Most Wyoming fans are glad you're back. Check it all out right here:
Katharine Lynn Staman: Yay!!! So glad UTEP is back in the fold!!
Katharine Lynn Staman: In 1968, UTEP was in the WAC and Wyoming was conference champions!! Great time in Wyoming football history!!
Dustin Merritt: Love UTEP's logo
Sally Ann Shurmur: Great partner. Just wish Dimel was still there
Michael Cushman: Love this
Travis WebB: This is really good news
Thor Stephenson Jr.: Love it, old WAC rivalry renewed!
Sean Schneidmiller: How bout that...something that makes sense for a change
Barry Matlack: Welcome back UTEP
James Donahue: Make the WAC great again!
Trinidad Gonzales: It's ok if old WAC comes BACK!
Preston Irons: Great addition to the mountain west. Who else is on the radar
Jed Easterbrook: We need to get all the second tier FBS conferences in football and create our own national championship playoffs! This will help coaches recruit, keep players, and also generate some TV (money) for the second tier. The kids will also have something better to play for than the Las Vegas Bowl!
Ed Ricks: Loved “The Bear”. He would often be at the bar the night before games and buy drinks for students. A true icon in college Basketball
Scott Winfield: With some critical thinking can anyone tell me how bringing back a WAC doormat helps the conference
Kenton Franklin: Will be happy to see the basketball rivalry come back!
Chase Appleby: Great add. Now if we can get Toledo, NIU, and TX state.. sheesh
Katherine Crowley: I love this add. Back to the old WAC. Now let’s get Texas State! Go Pokes!!
George DelGrosso: Really like having UTEP back. As they negotiate with other Texas schools are we trying to get the best one’s that will enhance tv contracts, plus have good athletic programs. Hope we aren’t just looking for warm bodies.
Doug Mader: What’s old is new again. No issue with this.
Jody Bagley: well they were a good BB school at times.
David McDonald: Not a fan but fills a spot
James Eggo: WAC 2.5
Miles Williams: They should have been included 25 years ago!
Jake Burch: Not exactly a strong add. They haven’t won a bowl game since 1967……
Mike Sharum: That’s a good fit.
Andrew Tollefson: I am weirdly excited about this. Should the MWC, in your opinion, court NMSU?
Kelly Souther: I remember some awesome games
Neil Blake Hokanson: Always liked the Miners. Nothing but good memories when we competed with them in the WAC…
Daniel Christopulos: Crazy when we had to beat them in 1976 to win WAC and go to Fiesta Bowl. Freak snow storm in El Paso. They wanted to postpone game. We said nah and we're in fir a dog fight. There were 500 people in the stands - 350 Wyoming fans. Sun Bowl turf was like a skating rink. Our feet were freezing. Kicked a PAT late with no feeling in my feet. Their kicker tried a fg to beat us and slipped. Crazy game. We left there WAC champions though!!
Kevin Bommer: This is a good move. I could give a rip about adding NIU or Toledo, but getting and old WAC foe back is just fine with me!
Chris Greene: memories of good old days in the WAC. In basketball at least, you'd pack the place when Don Haskins brought his team to town!
Bruce Pivic: Welcome back!!!
Tyler Trowbridge: Finally some good news. I am old enough to remember us playing UTEP in some great games.
Dan Christensen: You gotta love this move
Robbie Wilson: Are they really rivals when they've been bowl eligible a total of 11 times since 1965? And just 3 times since joining CUSA in 2005?
Nicole N David Calvert: That is some amazing news!!! Welcome home UTEP!
(Editor's note: Dana Dimel is now an offensive analyst at the University of Illinois)
Gallery Credit: 7220Sports.com
 - University of Wyoming’s Top 50 Football Players