CAYCE, S.C. (WIS) - The Cayce Police Department (CPD) announced Wednesday seven people were arrested in connection to a shooting at the Abbott Arms Apartments last month.
One person died in the shooting on Dec. 11 and a second person, a 17-year-old boy, was hospitalized, the police said.
Witnesses reported several people arguing in the parking lot before hearing shots fired and observing a dark-colored vehicle speeding away from the scene, CPD reported.
Officers confirmed the shooting was gang-related. The suspects originally planned to rob Travis Fuller, 19, of drugs and money.
The police said Fuller was shot in the upper body and died from his injuries at Lexington Medical Center, where he was taken after the shooting.
A second gunshot victim, a a 17-year-old boy, was hospitalized at Prisma Health Hospital around the same time. CPD’s investigation found the juvenile was also shot during the robbery.
That teen was later charged with murder in connection to Fuller’s death.
The police department reported four suspects have been arrested and charged.
The 17-year-old gunshot victim was charged with:
Joshua Sanchez, 18, was charged with:
Idrees Xavier Scott, 24, and Jasmine Kiara Golson, 24, were both charged with:
The investigation revealed the robbery was planned.
Three additional people were arrested in connection to the Abbott Arms shooting.
London Spires, 19, Davion Carson, 19 and another 17-year-old were charged with possession with intent to distribute narcotics and unlawful carry of a firearm, the police department said in a news release.
Cayce Police Department said they continue to investigate the case and are working to make more arrests.
Investigators also believe the Abbott Arms shooting is connected to the Nov. 25 shooting on Lucas Street, where a 17-year-old boy was shot in his home.
The Abbott Arms Apartment shooting was the second homicide in Cayce in 2023.
Notice a spelling or grammar error in this article? Click or tap here to report it. Please include the article's headline.
Stay up to date with WIS News 10. Get the app from the Apple App Store or Google Play Store and Stream us on Roku, YouTube, Amazon Fire, or Apple TV.
Copyright 2024 WIS. All rights reserved.