By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:32, 3 December 2024   |  Updated:  19:41, 3 December 2024   
 5
View  comments
Taylor Swift gifted the Kanas City Chiefs heiresses, Ava and Gracie, personalized Eras Tour books along with special handwritten notes ahead of the Christmas holiday. 
The Grammy winner, 34 - who hosted Travis Kelce and his loved ones for a 'special' Thanksgiving celebration last week - released the 256-page book exclusively at Target late last month on November 29. 
Both Ava, 19, and Gracie, 25 - who are the daughters of owner, chairman and CEO of the NFL team, Clark Hunt - jumped to their Instagram stories to show the one-of-a-kind presents sent from the Bad Blood songstress herself. 
In photos reposted to X, Ava uploaded snaps of the book cover as well as a note that Swift had personally written. 
'Oh hi! As we conclude the wildest, most extraordinary adventure of my life, The Eras Tour, I wanted to share with a few friends my memories from it,' she penned. 
'The friendship bracelets, the traditions, the backstage secrets, the costumes, the world travels, the rain shows and sunsets.' 
Taylor Swift, 34, gifted the Kanas City Chiefs heiresses, Ava and Gracie, personalized Eras Tour books along with special handwritten notes ahead of the Christmas holiday; seen in November in Indianapolis 
Taylor added, 'But what truly made this tour what it became was the passion, joy, unbridled emotion and love the fans showed us every night.'
'I hope you'll enjoy this journey through the memories of my proudest moments: The Eras Tour. Love, Taylor.' 
In text added towards the top of the images, Ava simply added, 'Thank you @taylorswift,' followed by an assortment of colorful heart emojis. 
Her older sister, Gracie, also uploaded the same note to her own Instagram stories and wrote, 'The most beautiful woman and most amazing tour.' 
The heiresses and singer are no strangers to giving each other gifts since Swift has attended Chiefs games to cheer on her boyfriend, Travis Kelce. 
Late last year for her 34th birthday, the Hunt family presented the star with a lavish gift - with Ava and Gracie sharing snaps with Swift to commemorate the moment. 
At the time, Ava shared a post to her main Instagram page as Taylor stood next to her while holding a large present in her hand. 
The duo flashed cheerful smiles towards the camera as they sported Chiefs apparel while in a VIP suite during one of the games. 
Both Ava, 19, and Gracie, 25 - who are the daughters of owner, chairman and CEO of the NFL team, Clark Hunt - jumped to their Instagram stories to show the one-of-a-kind presents sent from the Bad Blood songstress herself; seen above with Ava in December 2023 
In photos reposted to X, Ava uploaded snaps of the book cover as well as a note that Swift had personally written
Late last year for her 34th birthday, the Hunt family presented the star with a lavish gift - with Ava and Gracie sharing snaps with Swift to commemorate the moment; Gracie and Taylor seen above
In the caption, Ava had written to her followers, 'Enchanted to meet you @taylorswift,' referencing to the singer's 2010 track titled Enchanted. 
Later that same month, it was revealed that the Hunts gifted Swift a $4,995 Judith Leiber Minaudieres Swarovski microphone purse.  
And last month in November, the Love Story performer was given another gift from Tavia Hunt - the wife of Clark Hunt. 
While sharing photos to social media after the Chiefs defeated the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, she also included snaps of a present wrapped in team colors that was addressed to Swift.
Although what the star was given still remains a mystery, yellow ribbon could be seen wrapped around the red box, with a dazzling silver piece in the middle with the Chiefs symbol. 
On the upper right corner, a sparkling silver '87' was added to reference Kelce's jersey number. 
Swift has been attending Kanas City Chiefs games to proudly support her boyfriend since going public with her relationship with the tight end last year. 
Most recently, she stopped by Arrowhead Stadium last week on Friday to watch the Chiefs defeat the Las Vegas Raiders during a dramatic match.  
And last month in November, the Love Story performer was given another gift from Tavia Hunt - the wife of Clark Hunt
Shortly before the game kicked off, the songstress was seen arriving to the venue - and was accompanied by both Travis' mom, Donna Kelce, and her father, Scott. 
And fans were quick to point out that Taylor and Donna opted to wear matching 87 necklaces during the game.
Swift chose to wear a silver-chained necklace with a glittering 87 pendant, while Kelce's mother donned a flashy, gold version.
Taylor is no stranger to sporting jewelry to cheer on the Chiefs tight end. Earlier this year in February, she notably wore a $4,250 gold '87' necklace at the Super Bowl. 
Also last Friday, her Eras Tour Book was exclusively released at Target stores and priced at $39.99. 
However, some fans pointed out that the book contained a variety of errors, from blurry photos to grammar mistakes. 
Taylor also opened up about the inspiration behind developing the Eras Tour - which began when she was working on her Midnights album. 
'I'll never forget the call when I explained the concept for the Eras Tour to my team,' she wrote. She had come up with the idea to have a tour dedicated to multiple eras, rather than just in support of Midnights. 
'We're going to call it the Eras Tour and each album will have its own chapter, its own world.' 
Most recently, she stopped by Arrowhead Stadium last week on Friday to watch the Chiefs defeat the Las Vegas Raiders during a dramatic match (seen above) 
The Eras Tour Book was exclusively released at Target stores and priced at $39.99. However, some fans pointed out that the book contained a variety of errors, from blurry photos to grammar mistakes
She then explained that after recording Taylor's Version albums, she had 'fallen back in love' with her past songs. 
Swift added that each concert was meant to 'celebrate both new fans and fans who have been there since day one.' 
While on stage, the star gave 'absolutely everything' when performing for her fans and aimed to 'be physically and mentally tougher than ever before' and 'more disciplined and committed to [her] health, fitness and stamina.'
'Thankfully, I'm surrounded by my incredible crew, band, singers and dancers who all matched my dedication to the massive scale and challenges of this show.' 
The book not only contains messages from Taylor, but also 256 pages worth of around 500 pictures from the record-breaking tour which began last year in March 2023. 
However, she is now preparing for the end of her Eras Tour - which is set to conclude with three final concerts in Vancouver from December 6-8. 
As the tour nears its end, a source told DailyMail.com earlier this month that the star is 'leaning on' Travis amid emotional struggles.
'This tour has been her life and the people on the tour have been her family and as it draws to a close, she has been super emotional – leaning on Travis and her family more than ever.'
The insider added, 'She is such a busy body. She knows she must just take some time to enjoy her successes, but she really doesn’t know what to do to fill her time aside from writing songs.'
Taylor also opened up about the inspiration behind developing the Eras Tour - which began when she was working on her Midnights album; seen in November in Toronto 
'Taylor cannot be bored and doesn’t really know what she is going to do with her time.'
The Grammy winner has talked about becoming a mother in the past, but the source noted that she 'has not discussed' the topic recently.
'Her friends believe that she should use this time to take things to the next level with Travis and that it is the perfect time to start a family of her own.'
'She has had everything she has ever wanted and everyone who knows her believes she would make the best mom ever. Taylor has not discussed this with them but has talked about wanting a family in the past.'
Last week, during a short break in her tour schedule, the star also had the chance to celebrate Thanksgiving with her family as well as Travis Kelce and his loved ones. 
A source recently told People, 'Taylor and her family were excited to host the Kelces this year.' 
However, she is now preparing for the end of her Eras Tour - which is set to conclude with three final concerts in Vancouver from December 6-8; seen in November in Kansas City 
Last week, during a short break in her tour schedule, the star also had the chance to celebrate Thanksgiving with her family as well as Travis Kelce and his loved ones; seen in January in Baltimore 
'Taylor and Travis had a great Thanksgiving together with their families,' the insider continued.
The source also added that it was the 'first Thanksgiving they celebrated together' due to Swift being in South America for her Eras Tour last year during the holiday.
'[Travis' brother] Jason was there with his family and kids too. It was very festive and special.'
It came shortly after a separate source also informed DailyMail.com that the couple would have the chance to spend Thanksgiving together before the Kansas City Chiefs game.  

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group