Taylor Swift was spotted with the throngs of Kansas City Chief’s fans at Arrowhead Stadium celebrating Travis Kelce’s big win against the Cincinnati Bengals on New Year’s Eve. 
Swift was cheering on Kelce and his teammates as they came from behind and secured a 25-17 victory to earn the title of the AFC West Champions for the eighth year running. 
She rooted for her beau alongside family and friends of Chiefs players, including the tight end’s mother Donna in her customary suite. 
The “Blank Space” songstress wore a vintage white and black Chiefs jacket over a black shirt, while rocking her signature red lipstick. 
Fans were quick to notice that Kelce, who arrived separately, wore the same Chiefs jacket at his Dec. 25 game. 
The New Year’s Eve match-up marks Swift’s fifth game-day appearance since returning from the South American leg of her Eras Tour.
The singer’s last appearance in the stands was on Dec. 25, when she was seen cheering on her beau and sporting a Santa hat with Kelce’s jersey number stitched on the side. 
At this point, Swift has attended nearly half of Kelce’s games since the two took their relationship public in September. 
And despite the Chiefs losing the Christmas day game — which some football fans decided to blame on Swift — the couple was able to put on a united front and enjoy their holiday together with their respective families. 
For more Page Six you love…
While Swift’s parents, Scott and Andrea, were spotted mingling in the stands with Kelce’s father, the Daily Mail also reported that Swift’s parents spent some quality time with Ed Kelce at Travis’ home as well. 
“Seeing their families together on such a special holiday was the best gift ever for Taylor,” a source told the Daily Mail. 
“She’s never had this happen before and it made the holiday the most meaningful one for her.”
Donna was not at the family gathering, as she spent the holiday supporting her son Jason who plays for the Philadelphia Eagles.
While Taylor has managed to fit in plenty of quality time with Travis’ parents, she has yet to meet the tight end’s brother, his wife, Kylie, or their three children: Wyatt, 3, Elliotte, 2, and their nearly-1-year-old Bennett.
Advertisement