Manage your account
There’s a little election this week that you might have heard about.
The early votes are in and the polls are open for the 2024 presidential showdown between Democratic Vice President Kamala Harris and Republican former President Donald Trump. Now we pivot to The Coverage.
More from Deadline
Election 2024 Media Winners & Losers: How Joe Rogan & Jeff Bezos Blew It & Charlamagne Truly Became A God
Brian Williams’ Amazon Election Night Special Signals Streaming’s Emergence For Live News Moments: “It Might Be The Next Big Thing”
Beyoncé Channels Pamela Anderson In "Bodyguard" Music Video That Urges People To Vote
There’s no shortage of options for how to watch Election Day – and Night, and probably Week – unfold on broadcast and cable TV and streaming services beginning Tuesday. See a rundown of the various networks and platforms’ plans below.
RELATED: Donald Trump Celebrity Endorsements: A List Of Celebrities Supporting The Ex-POTUS
Along with the usual suspects of network news divisions, cable news pundits, pubcaster PBS and political outlet C-SPAN comes a new player: Amazon’s Prime Video, which features former NBC News and MSNBC mainstay Brian Williams in his return to the anchor chair.
So read on to decide on how to watch America decide. Just please be sure to cast your ballot if you haven’t already.
RELATED: Kamala Harris Celebrity Endorsements: A List Of Celebrities Supporting The VP
ABC / ABC NEWS LIVE
ABC News is planning more than 72 hours of coverage across ABC, its streaming channel ABC News Live and digital properties including the ABC News app. Streaming coverage begins Monday at 2 a.m. ET, while the network coverage kicks off Tuesday at 7 p.m. ET. World News Tonight‘s David Muir will anchor ABC’s broadcast coverage joined by ABC News Live Prime and World News Tonight Sunday anchor Linsey Davis; This Week co-anchors Martha Raddatz and Jonathan Karl; correspondents Mary Bruce, Rachel Scott, Terry Moran, Pierre Thomas and Aaron Katersky; D.C. bureau chief and VP Rick Klein; chief legal analyst Dan Abrams; and SCOTUS contributor Kate Shaw. Donna Brazile, Chris Christie and Reince Priebus will provide analysis for the network and streaming coverage, with anchors and correspondents in the field including Whit Johnson covering the Trump-Vance campaign, Eva Pilgrim covering the Harris-Walz campaign, and staffing battleground states Michigan, North Carolina, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Nevada and Arizona among others.
RELATED: “Never Seen Anything Like It”: Networks Prepare For An Election Night Like No Other
ABC News Live will be anchored throughout the day Tuesday by Diane Macedo and Kyra Philips, with an election night preshow at 4 p.m. ET anchored by Kayna Whitworth leading into the simulcast of the network’s coverage. Also providing coverage: ABC News Radio, ABC NewsOne, ABC News Live Social and local analysis/results via the ABC Owned Television Stations’ linear and digital platforms.
AMAZON
Prime Video is getting into the live election-night game with former NBC and MSNBC anchor Brian Williams hosting studio coverage beginning at 5 p.m. ET. (Read our interview with Williams here where he provides details.) Among those scheduled to contribute: Shepard Smith, Douglas Brinkley, James Carville, Mike Murphy, Abby Huntsman, Erin Perrine, Erin McPike, Jessica Yellin, Mother Jones‘ Garrison Hayes, former Rep. Tim Ryan, Puck’s Tara Palmeri, Axios’ Hans Nichols and the Washington Post‘s Jackie Alemany. The program will be produced by awards-show veterans Glenn Weiss and Ricky Kirshner.
CBS / CBS NEWS 24/7 / PARAMOUNT+
Primetime election coverage begins on streaming channel CBS News 24/7 will begin at 4 p.m. ET anchored by Vladimir Duthiers, Ed O’Keefe and Lindsey Reiser. CBS‘ night begins at 7 p.m. ET across the broadcast network, CBS News 24/7 and Paramount+ with CBS Evening News‘ Norah O’Donnell anchoring coverage that includes contributors Margaret Brennan, John Dickerson, Gayle King, Cecilia Vega, Robert Costa and O’Keefe.
RELATED: The Last Push: Hollywood And Media Figures Phone Bank, Take To The Trail And Post Videos In 2024 Campaign’s Final Hours
The network’s coverage will include the CBS News Data Desk, led by executive director of elections and surveys Anthony Salvanto along with Major Garrett, will make projections and characterize races in real-time, while Bill Whitaker and election law contributor David Becker will lead the CBS News Democracy Desk, covering election integrity and potential efforts by foreign and domestic actors to disenfranchise voters and interfere in the election, joined by Nicole Sganga and contributors Chris Krebs, Andrew Boyd and Samantha Vinograd from CBS News’ Washington bureau. Jan Crawford will report from Washington on lawsuits and potential challenges to the election.
Nancy Cordes and contributor Ed Gordon will report from Harris-Walz headquarters, and Tony Dokoupil and Caitlin Huey-Burns will report from Trump-Vance headquarters in West Palm Beach, Fla. Correspondents will be on the ground in all seven battleground states. Maurice DuBois will report on the “Paths to 270” for each presidential candidate, and Scott MacFarlane will report in-studio on the battle for control of the U.S. Senate and House.
CBS News and Stations’ coverage will stream everywhere CBS News 24/7 is distributed including the CBS News app, Paramount+ and Pluto TV. CBS Stations will cover the election live across its 14 owned markets and debut the first-ever augmented and virtual reality presidential election center live from its New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Denver and San Francisco studios.
Also providing coverage: CBS News Radio and affiliate hub CBS Newspath.
CNN / MAX
CNN will provide around-the-clock special coverage from the CNN Election Center in Washington, D.C. Election Day in America coverage begins at 12 a.m. ET on November 5 with Boris Sanchez and Jessica Dean. Erica Hill continues coverage at 3 a.m. ET and Kasie Hunt kicks off the 5 a.m. ET hour, with Omar Jimenez live at the Voting Desk with key voter updates. John Berman anchors Election Day in America from 7-10 a.m. ET, along with Sara Sidner on the ground in Wisconsin and Kate Bolduan live from Pennsylvania. Phil Mattingly will be at the Magic Wall breaking down the latest real-time data as election day gets underway. Anderson Cooper continues coverage at 10 a.m. ET with Paula Reid reporting from the Voting Desk as voters continue to make their way to the polls, and MJ Lee offering analysis on the panel. From 12-4 p.m. ET, Wolf Blitzer and Erin Burnett lead continued Election Day in America coverage, joined by Jamie Gangel, Manu Raju and CNN’s political experts.
RELATED: Few Assurances For Media Giants In Election Wins By Either Trump Or Harris
Starting at 4 p.m. ET, CNN’s Election Night in America special coverage will be anchored by Jake Tapper and Anderson Cooper, who will be joined by Dana Bash, Erin Burnett, Audie Cornish and Chris Wallace. John King will be at the Magic Wall breaking down election results. Pamela Brown will be at the Voting Desk, reporting on voter turnout and the outstanding vote in critical states. David Chalian will be at the Battleground Desk with analysis of exit polling and voting data. Laura Coates will provide legal insights with expertise from election law scholars, and Sanchez will provide the latest on key Senate, House and gubernatorial race results. Kaitlan Collins will anchor live from the Trump campaign headquarters along with Kristen Holmes reporting. At the Harris campaign headquarters, Abby Phillip will anchor live along with Jeff Zeleny reporting.
Starting at 2 a.m. ET, CNN’s Election Day in America Continued coverage will be led by John Berman and Hunt. CNN’s Harry Enten will provide insights and a closer look at the data alongside Mark Preston. Jessica Dean will bring updates on Senate and House races and Omar Jimenez will report from the Voting Desk. Phil Mattingly will be at the Magic Wall breaking down results. Eva McKend will be live with updates from the Harris campaign and Alayna Treene will bring the latest from the Trump campaign.
CNN’s Election Night in America coverage will stream live, without requiring a pay TV login, from 7 p.m.-3 a.m. ET on CNN connected TV and mobile apps and on CNN.com. It will also stream live on Max for Max subscribers.
Live election coverage will be featured 24/7 on CNN’s homepages and live blog, alongside CNN’s Election Center, which provides interactive and real-time results for federal, state and local races across the country. There also will be a live chat feature on CNN.com and the CNN app.
CNN International will carry CNN’s programming beginning at midnight ET on November 5.
CNN en Español will begin its special election night coverage Elecciones 2024: Voto Latino at 5 p.m. ET, led by anchor Juan Carlos López in Atlanta, joined by a panel of political contributors airing live on CNN en Español and on a special, dedicated stream on CNN Max for Max subscribers. Correspondents Gus Valdes and Ione Molinares will be reporting from the Harris and Trump election night headquarters, while reporters Maria Santana, Gonzalo Alvarado, Ana Maria Mejía and Rafael Romo will contribute from locations in four key battleground states: Philadelphia, Las Vegas, Charlotte and Atlanta.
C-SPAN
C-SPAN kicks off its live, 17-hour, commercial-free coverage Tuesday at 7 p.m. ET, with coverage anchored by C-SPAN’s Greta Brawner, Peter Slen, Tammy Thueringer, Pedro Echevarria and John McArdle and reporting from its political news partner Spectrum News; as part of that agreement, Spectrum News+ election coverage will simulcast on C-SPAN2 throughout the night.
Analysts include The Hotline managing editor Kirk Bado and NOTUS reporter Evan McMorris-Santoro, and reporters will weigh in from battleground states and campaign headquarters.
Full victory and concession speeches will post on C-SPAN.org, along with up-to-the-minute voting results.
FOX NEWS / FOX NATION / FOX WEATHER
Fox News Channel‘s Bret Baier and Martha MacCallum will lead election coverage live from the network’s headquarters in New York City. Beginning at 6 p.m. ET, Baier and MacCallum will co-anchor Fox News Democracy 2024. America’s Newsroom’s Bill Hemmer will helm the “Bill”-board, delivering viewers election data county-by-county and state-by-state throughout the evening while America Reports’ Sandra Smith will break down developments from Fox News Voter Analysis, a survey of early and Election Day voters conducted by the nonpartisan research organization NORC at the University of Chicago and the Associated Press. The Faulkner Focus anchor Harris Faulkner will showcase voters’ voices during FNC’s coverage.
During FNC’s eight-hour election special, analysis and commentary will be provided by co-host of The Five and co-anchor of America’s Newsroom Dana Perino, chief political analyst Brit Hume, The Five’s Harold Ford Jr. and Jessica Tarlov as well as contributors Karl Rove and Kellyanne Conway. Additionally, FNC will provide viewers with the latest news and analysis on election legal challenges across the country with its expert panel consisting of FNC’s legal editor Kerri Urbahn and network contributors Andy McCarthy and Jonathan Turley. FNC’s primetime stars Laura Ingraham, Jesse Watters and Sean Hannity will also make appearances to provide analysis during the evening.
FNC’s senior White House correspondent Jacqui Heinrich and correspondent Mark Meredith will provide the latest from Kamala Harris’ campaign headquarters as senior national correspondent Aishah Hasnie and national correspondent Bill Melugin report from Donald Trump’s headquarters. Senior White House correspondent Peter Doocy will report live from the White House.
Fox News @ Night’s Trace Gallagher will anchor overnight coverage beginning at 2 a.m. ET and Fox & Friends will kick off the morning of November 6 an hour early at 5 a.m. ET.
On Fox Network, Fox News Sunday anchor Shannon Bream and America Reports’ John Roberts will co-anchor election-night coverage from 7 p.m.-1 a.m. ET, joined by FNC contributors Mary Katharine Ham, Marie Harf, Guy Benson and senior political analyst Juan Williams. FNC correspondent Rich Edson will be live from Harris’ campaign headquarters while Alexis McAdams will be reporting live from Trump’s. Fox Network will also provide analysis and insight on legal challenges and their impact on the election with guests former Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Thomas Dupree and Constitutional Accountability Center president Elizabeth Wydra. Additionally, correspondent Jonathan Hunt will provide hourly news updates throughout Fox’s programming.
Fox Business Network will present FBN Democracy 2024: Election Coverage from 5-7 p.m. ET led by Charles Payne, Dagen McDowell and Sean Duffy, followed by a simulcast FNC’s Democracy 2024: Election Coverage from 7 p.m.-5 a.m. ET. FBN will feature economy-focused panel segments on FNC’s coverage throughout the night.
Fox News Digital will feature the latest news surrounding the election, results and information. FoxNews.com will also livestream the channel’s special coverage, including race results, election trends and in-depth political analysis.
Fox News Audio will provide nonstop coverage and will kick off its evening programming with a one-hour preview show anchored by FNC’s Bret Baier, Martha MacCallum and Dana Perino. At 7 p.m. ET, Fox News Radio’s Jared Halpern and Jessica Rosenthal will lead state-by-state coverage of the presidential election and balance of power in Congress. Fox News Headlines 24/7 will also deliver Democracy 2024 updates and results surrounding our election night coverage every 15 minutes on SiriusXM Channel 115.
Fox & Friends Weekend co-host Pete Hegseth will host opinion-based election night coverage on Fox Nation live from Nashville beginning at 8 PM/ET for subscribers. UnConventional with Pete Hegseth will include commentary from OutKick’s Tomi Lahren and Clay Travis, Fox & Friends Weekend’s Will Cain and Rachel Campos-Duffy, Fox News Saturday Night’s Jimmy Failla, and more as they react to the updates and results throughout the evening.
Fox Weather will produce special coverage focused on how the weather will impact voters around the country in key battleground states as well as those that are still recovering from Hurricanes Helene and Milton.
Additionally, Fox News International is available in over 40 countries for subscribers abroad to stream FNC’s Democracy 2024 election coverage.
NBC / MSNBC / PEACOCK
NBC News will offer election coverage across NBC, NBC News Now and NBCNews.com, offering 24 hours of consecutive live coverage to viewers on their local NBC stations for the first time beginning at 5 p.m. ET on Tuesday.
On NBC, NBC Nightly News anchor Lester Holt and Today co-anchor Savannah Guthrie lead rolling special coverage at 6:30 p.m. ET, joined by Meet the Press moderator Kristen Welker, Hallie Jackson Now anchor Hallie Jackson and Top Story anchor Tom Llamas, who will be stationed at the Big Board throughout the night to break down the latest numbers and results.
Jackson and Llamas kick off coverage earlier that evening on NBC and NBC News Now, bringing broadcast and streaming viewers key insights from the first wave of exit polls and early analysis. NBC News Now will present live programming for 40+ hours, beginning at 7 a.m. ET.
NBCNews.com and the NBC News app will feature up-to-the-minute results pages for the latest in the race, as well as a comprehensive live blog with the latest race calls, breaking news, live video and on-the-ground reporting.
At 2 a.m. ET on Wednesday morning, NBC News Daily co-anchor Kate Snow and TODAY news anchor Craig Melvin continue anchoring rolling coverage through 6 a.m. ET, with NBC News chief political analyst Chuck Todd at the Big Board and senior White House correspondent Kelly O’Donnell and Capitol Hill correspondent Ryan Nobles on set for insight and analysis.
Today‘s Guthrie and Hoda Kotb will anchor a special 6 a.m. ET election edition Wednesday. At 10 a.m. ET, Melvin picks up special coverage. NBC News Daily continues special coverage at noon ET., anchored by Vicky Nguyen, Morgan Radford, Kate Snow and Zinhle Essamuah. All five hours of NBC News Daily will be made available to local stations across the U.S. and will stream on NBC News Now.
Peacock will expand the multiview experience, its feature from its 2024 Paris Olympics coverage, to Election Night, marking the first time it will be available beyond sports content. Leveraging NBC News coverage, Peacock’s Election Multiview will feature a curated three-view experience featuring NBC News Now for breaking news, a “Kornacki Cam” for Steve Kornacki’s signature data analysis, and a balance-of-power map with real-time results.
The Multiview experience on Peacock will be available starting at 6 p.m. ET on Tuesday and will run until approximately 2 a.m. ET on Wednesday.
NEWSNATION / CW NETWORK
NewsNation will present NewsNation Decision Desk 2024, co-anchored by Chris Cuomo, Elizabeth Vargas and Leland Vittert, on election night from 6 p.m. – 1 a.m. ET. Host of The Hill Sunday and political editor Chris Stirewalt will contribute from Washington D.C. NewsNation Now’s Connell McShane will break down voting results throughout the evening and provide up-to-the-minute reporting from the “Big Board,” and primetime host Dan Abrams will offer insight and analysis. The CW Network will provide a simulcast of NewsNation’s coverage from 8 p.m.-midnight ET. Mr. McShane and NewsNation Live’s Anna Kooiman will anchor overnight coverage from the network’s New York studio.
National correspondents Robert Sherman and Brooke Shafer will report live from the Trump campaign headquarters, while Kellie Meyer and Mills Hayes will cover developments live from the Harris campaign headquarters.
PBS
PBS News will provide live coverage on PBS stations and streaming on PBS News’ digital and social platforms beginning Tuesday at 7 p.m. ET. Amna Nawaz and Geoff Bennett will co-anchor coverage that will include reporting from PBS NewsHour‘s Lisa Desjardins, senior correspondent Judy Woodruff, Laura Barrón-López from Harris campaign headquarters, William Brangham from Trump headquarters, and correspondents in Pennsylvania, Arizona and Georgia among other locales.
Analysis will be provided by Cook Political Report editor-in-chief Amy Walter, Republican strategist Kevin Madden, Democratic strategist Faiz Shakir, Washington Post associate editor Jonathan Capehart and New York Times op-ed columnist David Brooks.
Livestream coverage includes a digital preshow beginning at noon ET on Tuesday and programming until at least 2 a.m. ET, which will extend online to PBS News’ site and its YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and TikTok channels.
SPECTRUM NEWS+
Spectrum News+ will begin election night coverage at at 7 p.m. ET. Coverage will include top races, biggest issues on the ballot, reports from battleground states, and live victory and concession speeches from presidential candidates as well as key senate races. Coverage also will include perspective from Spectrum News’ political analysts on the evening’s results, along with insights from legal experts.
Spectrum News+ reporting on key battleground states, congressional races, and exit poll results also will be featured on C-SPAN, while Spectrum News+’s election night coverage will be simulcast in its entirety on C-SPAN2 for non-Spectrum customers. Spectrum’s election night coverage will be available to the general public, including non-Spectrum customers, via the Spectrum News App. Spectrum News+ is available on the Spectrum News App on mobile, Xumo Stream Box, Roku and Apple devices, and on Xumo Play.
TELEMUNDO
Noticias Telemundo will deliver multiplatform Decisión 2024 coverage across the Telemundo network, streaming channel Noticias Telemundo AHORA and NoticiasTelemundo.com on Election Day. Noticias Telemundo AHORA’s coverage will kick off at 4 p.m. ET, followed by special election coverage on Telemundo network at 7 p.m. ET led by main anchors Julio Vaqueiro and Arantxa Loizaga.
The coverage will also feature in-depth reporting on the impact of the Latino vote, races involving Hispanic candidates plus reaction across the country from Latino voters. Noticias Telemundo’s coverage will be available across all its social and digital platforms, including Noticias Telemundo AHORA.
Noticias Telemundo AHORA’s coverage kicks off at 4 p.m. ET led by anchors Damià Bonmatí and Claudia de la Fuente. Coverage will continue with a simulcast of Noticias Telemundo’s rolling election special starting at 7 p.m.
Telemundo election coverage will pick up Wednesday, Nov. 6 at 6 a.m. ET with Guad Venegas and Claudia de la Fuente on Noticias Telemundo AHORA and later on Telemundo network with Damià Bonmatí at the Big Board.
Election coverage will stream live on NoticiasTelemundo.com.
UNIVISION / VIX
Noticias Univision will provide Destino 2024 programming airing across Univision, streaming via ViX and at UnivisionNoticias.com. Coverage begins at 7 a.m. ET across all platforms, with Noche de Elecciones, led by anchors Ilia Calderón, Enrique Acevedo and Jorge Ramos, airing from 4 p.m.-3 a.m. ET, live from Miami.
Noticias Univision coverage begins with Despierta América and La Voz de la Mañana, anchored by Satcha Pretto, María Antonieta Collins, and Paulina Sodi, alongside Alan Tacher and Karla Martínez. Noticiero Univision Edición Digital will begin at noon ET with Borja Voces and Carolina Sarassa, followed by Primer Impacto at 5 p.m. ET with anchors Pamela Silva and Michelle Galván. Programming will extend to Wednesday starting at 7 a.m. ET.
Notcias Univision analysis will be provided by Democratic analyst Fabián Núñez, former California State Assembly Speaker and partner at Actum, and Republican analyst Carlos Díaz-Rosillo.
Additionally, Noticias Univision will stream special coverage on YouTube’s Noticias Univision channel, Twitter, Instagram and TikTok.
Erik Pedersen contributed to this report.
Best of Deadline
List Of Hollywood & Media Layoffs So Far In 2024: From Paramount To Warner Bros Discovery To CNN
Celebrities Voting And Encouraging Voting In The 2024 Election
Hollywood & Media Deaths In 2024: Photo Gallery & Obituaries
Sign up for Deadline's Newsletter. For the latest news, follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.