Kanye West and Bianca Censori continued to turn heads in bold ensembles as they stepped out for a date night in Tokyo.
The rapper flashed his unusual titanium grills, a procedure that set him back $850,000 (£668k), while wife Bianca flashed her pert derrière in a pair of sheer tights.
Ye and Bianca were seen arriving at a mall in the Japanese capital for an evening out, pulling up in style as Bianca took the wheel.
The Gold Digger hitmaker wore an all-white tracksuit with black trainers, and pulled his hood up as the couple rode the escalator up to Toho Cinemas.
Meanwhile, Bianca, who married Ye in 2022, showcased her figure in a see-through bodysuit with white heels.
She pulled her dark locks back into a sleek bun and covered her eyes with designer shades.
The Australian architectural designer, who met Ye while working for Yeezy, has become known for her risqué outfits over recent years.
She’s bared all in public on several occasions, whether it be in super skimpy dresses, tiny hot pants, or barely-there bikini tops.
Consequently, fans have often expressed concern, given how her husband is always much more covered up in jumpers and baggy trousers in comparison.
Ye and Bianca have been in Japan for several months now, and they’re likely to remain there for a while amid his legal troubles.
Just weeks ago, it was reported that Ye was being sued by his former project manager, Murphy Aficionado, over an intense exchange at a Beverly Hills hotel in November 2022, one month after he was hired.
He is suing the fashion designer for discrimination, a hostile work environment, retaliation, not paying wages, and wrongful termination, as per TMZ.
According to the outlet, the lawsuit alleges that Aficionado, who was fired in 2023, was summoned to the room only to find Ye ‘shirtless and out of breath’ with his pants undone.
It’s been claimed that Bianca, who was Ye’s girlfriend at the time, was also topless with just her hands covering her breasts.
The former employee alleges it was clear they had just had sex.
His lawsuit says Ye called Candace Owens’ former lawyer a ‘Jewish spy’, before running towards the room where Bianca was.
Other allegations include Ye showing him nude photos of ex-wife Kim Kardashian and his ‘antisemitic tirades and conspiracies’ becoming a ‘daily occurence’.
The filing comes after influencer and former OnlyFans star Lauren Pisciotta sued Ye for allegedly raping, sexually harassing, and stalking her.
After working for him from 2021-2022, she has already sued Ye once before, with him denying her previous stalking accusations and branding them ‘baseless’.
While yet to file a defence against the latest suit, he accused Pisciotta of ‘blackmail and extortion’.
In the extensive lawsuit, Pisciotta not only alleges a drugged incident occurred at one of Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs’ parties, but also that Ye assaulted her on other occasions too.
Piscoitta, 36, claims she always refused to have sex with him, so Ye reportedly attempted to force himself on her a second time in a hotel.
The two lawsuits are just two of several filings that have hit the Stronger rapper. Another former employee filed a suit in October.
Remaining anonymous, the worker claims Ye threatened to kill him and got other ‘enforcers’ to send threatening messages as ‘he spiralled into conspiracy theories and erratic, reckless, and dangerous behaviour’.
Among many accusing Ye of creating a hostile working environment, John Doe, a former military member, said that the ‘stress and trauma’ caused by the ‘threats’ against him ‘severely impacted his mental and emotional well-being.’ 
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Babyface’s interview at the Grammys was absolutely shameful
Arrow
MORE: People are only just realising the meaning behind iconic 70s rock band AC/DC’s name
Arrow
MORE: Fans agree Taylor Swift and Kanye West’s feud finally has a clear ‘winner’ after the 2025 Grammys