Kanye West and Bianca Censori are reportedly looking to start a family.
The rapper currently shares four children with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian. Relationship expert Louella Alderson told The Mirror that Kim's past experience with a blended family may affect her outlook on her ex-husband's plans.
She explained: “Kim is from a blended family with half-sisters and step-brothers and sisters. She has an extremely close relationship with Kendall and Kylie, from Kris Jenner's marriage to [Caitlyn], and she also felt like [Caitlyn] was a father figure in her life. This positive experience of growing up in a blended family may help Kim feel more at ease with the idea of Bianca and Kanye starting a family together."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West says wife Bianca Censori will wear 'no pants this year' in worrying new rules
Moreover, The Kardashian stars are known for their large, and often dramatic, family. She's expressed publicly her desires to continue that legacy with a large family of her own. With four children, she's already off to a great start, but her own siblings total six. Kanye's additional children may keep her kids surrounded by an even larger support network. Louella said more siblings could be "a positive step," from Kim's point-of-view.
That being said, Kim is likely to make sure the situation is healthy for her own children. Louella explained: "Kim will put her children first and will want to make sure they are adjusting well to having a stepmother and possibly new half-siblings. Kim will want to ensure Kanye is still investing time and energy into their children's lives and co-parenting with her effectively."
It's possible, according to Louella, that Kim may have "some initial concerns or reservations" with how Bianca will be involved. Plus, Kanye may need to prove "to be a responsible and involved father to their children while starting a new family." While throughout their split Kanye has still kept in touch with his children, especially North West who he supported in her musical endeavors, he is also riddled with legal issues and controversy.
"As long as Kanye is showing up for the children he shares with Kim and being a present father, Kim will probably continue to support their relationship and the positive influence Bianca brings into their lives," Louella added.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.