Sign up for your daily dose of dope.
Kim Kardashian is said to be 'mortified' as Kanye West flaunts wife Bianca Censori in bold, daring outfits.
Nov. 22 2024, Published 9:00 p.m. ET
Newly minted modesty fan Kim Kardashian is said to be "mortified" that ex-husband Kanye West has been strutting his wife, Bianca Censori, all over town in risqué and shocking outfits.
Sources told RadarOnline.com that Kardashian even threatened to restrict the rapper's access to their kids unless he shapes up.
Insiders also snitched the Skims mogul doesn't want her four children exposed to all that – despite her own taste for racy, barely there fashion.
Kardashian is 'mortified' that ex-husband West has been strutting wife Censori all over town dressed in shocking outfits.
A source shared: "Kim has let Kanye know she's going to try and withhold his visitation with the kids if Bianca is around dressed like a cheap tart. They had cross words with each other and the word is they both lost their tempers."
Kardashian, 44, and West, 47, share joint custody of their four children, North, 11; Saint, eight; Chicago, six; and Psalm, five. 
"Kim has her lawyers on standby and will make trouble for Kanye unless he does what he's told", tattled the tipster. "The trouble is, Kanye never does what he's told. He moves to the erratic beat of his own drum. But Kim will follow through with her threats if push comes to shove."
An insider said: 'Kim has her lawyers on standby and will make trouble for Kanye unless he does what he's told.'
According to the insider: "Kim believes Kanye is exploiting his new wife to make Kim jealous.
"She's even considering meeting with her look-alike replacement... to try to talk sense into her."
Others are calling Kardashian a hypocrite, pointing to the racy gown with plunging neckline she wore to a recent gala.
Ex-wife Kim is trying to protect their children from his online rants.
Daily updates from the heart of Hollywood, right to your inbox
By entering your email and clicking Sign Up, you’re agreeing to let us send you customized marketing messages about us and our advertising partners. You are also agreeing to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
The source shared: "Kim is the last person who should be judging Kanye and Bianca. A lot of people think Kim is jealous that Kanye's found a younger clone of herself!"
Have a tip? Send it to us! Email RadarOnline.com at tips@radaronline.com.
Email us at tips@radaronline.com
It's all over all right. On May 14, just one day before news broke that Ben Affleck and Jennifer Lopez are allegedly headed toward a divorce, the singer was spotted house-hunting on her own in Beverly Hills, RadarOnline.com revealed.
BY Aaron Johnson
Clint Eastwood has hit his “frankly, I don’t give a damn” moment in life!
BY Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is living up to his Top Gun image by splashing a fortune choppering his new female “best pal” around Britain – after he “fell in love” with the way she's overcome her disability.
BY Aaron Tinney
More From Radar Online
Opt-out of personalized ads
© Copyright 2025 RADAR ONLINE™️. A DIVISION OF MYSTIFY ENTERTAINMENT NETWORK INC. RADAR ONLINE is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy. People may receive compensation for some links to products and services. Offers may be subject to change without notice.