By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and EVE BUCKLAND FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  23:53, 23 April 2024   |  Updated:  00:18, 24 April 2024   
 63
View  comments
Kim Kardashian may have subtly shaded Taylor Swift by sharing a selfie with the pop star's ex-pal Karlie Kloss, after getting dissed on The Tortured Poets Department.
While she opted to remain mum about seemingly inspiring two tracks on the 34-year-old singer's 11th album, the reality star, 43, opted to stir the pot by sharing a throwback with the model, 31, to wish their mutual friend Derek Blasberg a happy birthday. 
In the snap, the mother-of-two, who was nearly inseparable from Swift during their six-years until they began to drift apart in 2019, can be seen smilin alongside Blasberg, Kim and her younger sister, Khloé Kardashian.
'This is Kim’s attempt to fuel the fire that the song is referring to Karlie instead of her,' one X user speculated. 
Kim Kardashian may have subtly shaded Taylor Swift back by sharing a selfie with the pop star's ex-pal Karlie Kloss, after getting dissed on The Tortured Poets Department
Another wrote: 'Kim Kardashian sharing a two-year-old photo of her and Karlie Kloss to her story four days after Taylor Swift dropped a song about her is SOOOOO rich...we are SOOOOOO back.' 
'Kim Kardashian posting Karlie Kloss right now is truly f**king crazy oh my god,' a third tweeted. 
A Swiftie admitted that 'Karlie Kloss does nothing but disappoint' her 'every time.'
Others expressed shock over seeing the Kode With Klossy founder hanging out with Kim, who began feuding in 2016 over Kanye West's Famous lyrics.
'Karlie Kloss and Kim Kardashian uniting against Taylor Swift in 2024 was definitely not in my bingo card for this year yet here we are,' a perplexed X user admitted. 
Kardashian post comes after failing to address the not-so-subtle diss tracks about her on The Tortured Poets Department (TTPD). 
While appearing on Monday's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live!, the reality star, 43, left fans of the pop star, 34, furious as she dodged any mention of Swift's song, thanK you aIMee, which cleverly spells out her name KIM in all capitalized letters in its title, or Cassandra, a melancholy track that seemingly alludes to their longstanding feud.
In response to the interview, viewers questioned why host, Jimmy Kimmel, did not even attempt to ask about the diss tracks.
In the snap, the mother-of-two, who was nearly inseparable from Swift during their six-years until they began to drift apart in 2019, can be seen smilin alongside Blasberg, Kim and her younger sister, Khloé Kardashian 
'This is Kim’s attempt to fuel the fire that the song is referring to Karlie instead of her,' one X user speculated
Another wrote: 'Kim Kardashian sharing a two-year-old photo of her and Karlie Kloss to her story four days after Taylor Swift dropped a song about her is SOOOOO rich...we are SOOOOOO back'
'Why not ask her about the Taylor Swift song that North will be singing!' one asked, referencing the lyrics in thanK you aIMee, in which the Grammy winner sings about a mean girl whose bullying made her stronger. 
Another wrote: 'Jimmy, I'm 100 percent sure you weren't allowed to speak or ask questions about Taylor or TTPD but you could have least "slipped up" a couple of times and called her aIMee.'
'If cringe was an interview,' a third reacted under a post from Jimmy Kimmel Live!'s official Instagram account.
One Kardashian fan defended her appearance as she promoted her series, American Horror Story: Delicate, with one X user quipping that it was really Swift who was 'pretty much beefing with herself at this point.'
Still, others tweeted that Kimmel was 'so messy' for inviting the mother-of-four on his show to set the record straight on some online rumors about her, but not ask about the alleged diss tracks.
A Swiftie admitted that 'Karlie Kloss does nothing but disappoint' her 'every time'
Others expressed shock over seeing the Kode With Klossy founder hanging out with Kim, who began feuding in 2016 over Kanye West's Famous lyrics
'Karlie Kloss and Kim Kardashian uniting against Taylor Swift in 2024 was definitely not in my bingo card for this year yet here we are,' a perplexed X user admitted
Another wrote: 'Wow I thought this was fake but maybe she does deserve the thank you'
Kimmel mentioned Taylor's new album, The Tortured Poets Department, and her feud with Kardashian's ex-husband Kanye West, 46, but did not bring the topic up with Kim directly.
The two songs - that many believe Swift wrote about Kardashian - were part of the surprise 'double album' version of TTPD, marking the latest broadside in the pop star's explosive long-running feud with the SKIMS founder and her ex-husband Kanye West.
After Kim's Instagram comment section was trolled, her 363million following took a substantial hit - dropping by 120,000.
'When I picture my hometown, there's a bronze spray-tanned statue of you and a plaque underneath it that threatens to push me down the stairs at our school,' Taylor sings at the beginning of the acid-tongued song, with fans convinced that the person she is actually singing about is Kim.
'All that time you were throwin' punches, I was buildin' somethin' / And I can't forgive the way you made me feel / Screamed 'F**k you, Aimee' to the night sky, as the blood was gushin' / But I can't forget the way you made me heal.'
She goes on to add: 'And it wasn't a fair fight, or a clean kill / Each time that Aimee stomped across my gravе / And then she wrote hеadlines/ In the local paper, laughing at each baby step I'd take.'
Taylor concludes by confirming she's changed the name of the woman she's singing about - further fueling speculation the track is about Kim.
She also seems to reference Kim's 10-year-old daughter North West dancing to her 2014 single Shake It Off on TikTok, finding it ironic as the 'song is about you.'
Kardashian post comes after failing to address the not-so-subtle diss tracks about her on The Tortured Poets Department (TTPD) on Monday's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live! 
She sings: 'And so I changed your name, and any real defining clues/And one day, your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you.'
While the references in Cassandra are largely more subtle, that hasn't stopped fans from calling out the way in which Taylor appears to be going after Kim.
Many believe that the title character, Cassandra, is Taylor, while references to 'the call' are meant to allude to a phone call between the singer and Kanye, which Kim secretly recorded and posted online.
Additionally, the references to 'snakes' in the song are being compared to the use of snake emojis throughout the feud between the trio.
Following the release of the album, 'Swifties' flooded onto Kim's Instagram page to fill her comments with the phrase: 'Thank you Aimee,' signaling their loyalty to Taylor. 
Kim had posted a birthday tribute to her older sister Kourtney Kardashian on Thursday, but by Friday morning its comments were deluged with: 'Thank you Aimee' messages from devoted Swift fans. 
Sharing their thoughts on social media platform X, one fan described 'thanK you aIMee' as 'The ultimate f**k you,' while another shocked listener said: 'OMFG thanK you aIMee is about Kim Kardashian. This album is SO unhinged.'
Another chimed in: 'Kim your day of reckoning is here,' while one simply wrote: 'Welcome to your tape.'
The song takes aim at a person named 'Aimee', who fans are convinced is actually Kim
A second track, titled Cassandra, is also being called out for its apparent references to Taylor's feud with both Kim and her ex-husband Kanye
Kim's birthday tribute to her older sister Kourtney Kardashian on Thursday,  was deluged with digs by Swifties
As for the other diss track, one fan wrote, 'ThanK you, aIMee may be about Kim, but Dear Reader, please don’t overlook the fact that Cassandra is a brilliant retelling of how Kanye, Kim, and the extended Kardashian family knew the truth and tried to ruin Taylor’s career anyway. Stay for the jabs at Yeezus/Sunday Sessions.'
'Cassandra is Taylor and she warned everyone about Kim but no one believed her oh taygod,' one person shared on X.
Taylor and Kim's longtime row actually began thanks to the singer's dispute with Kanye in 2009, when he famously stormed the stage at the VMAs when she won the prize for Best Female Video.
A furious Kanye took to the stage to declare that Beyonce should have won the prize, telling Taylor: 'Yo, Taylor, I'm really happy for you. I'mma let you finish, but Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time.'
The moment was quickly slammed by furious viewers, as Taylor was then unable to finish her acceptance speech, though Beyonce later invited her on-stage while she accepted the Video Of The Year prize.
After tying the knot with Kanye in 2014, Kim was proudly at his side when he received the coveted Vangard Award at the VMAs.
Appearing to show their feud was quashed, it was Taylor who presented him with the prize, and the pair appeared to have brought an end to their row.
However, in a later interview, Taylor noted that this was far from the case, as Kanye declared on stage that she was asked to present the award 'for ratings,' and she refused to speak to him backstage.
She told Rolling Stone: 'I'm standing in the audience with my arm around his wife, and this chill ran through my body.
'I realized he is so two-faced. That he wants to be nice to me behind the scenes, but then he wants to look cool, get up in front of everyone and talk s**t. And I was so upset. He wanted me to come talk to him after the event in his dressing room. I wouldn't go.'
Taylor also seems to reference Kim's 10-year-old daughter North West dancing to Shake It Off on TikTok back in January, she writes: 'your kid comes home singin' a song that only us two is gonna know is about you'
Adding an explosive new level to their feud, Kanye shocked the internet when he released his new song Famous.
It featured the vulgar lyrics 'I feel like me and Taylor Swift might still have sex/Why? I made that b***h famous.'
The track sparked a huge backlash from Taylor's fans, and Kanye furiously defended himself in a now-deleted tweet that said: 'I called Taylor and had an hour-long convo with her about the line, and she thought it was funny and gave her blessings.'
Taylor's representative then hit back, telling People: 'Kanye did not call for approval, but to ask Taylor to release his single Famous on her Twitter account.
'She declined and cautioned him about releasing a song with such a strong misogynistic message. Taylor was never made aware of the actual lyric, 'I made that b***h famous.'''
Kim sparked a social media firestorm when she shared a Snapchat video of Kanye during a phonecall with Taylor, where the rapper appeared to ask her for permission to include lyrics about her in his new song.
After rapping the line, West can be heard saying: 'I think this is a really cool thing to have.'
Swift responds: 'I know, it's like a compliment, kind of. Yeah, I mean, what's dope about the line is it's very tongue in cheek either way. And I really appreciate you telling me about it, that's really nice.'
Taylor became the subject of furious backlash when the video was shared online, with many accusing her of being a snake.
After Kim's post made her the subject of multiple 'snake' memes, Taylor stood by her version of events in a furious social media statement.
She wrote: 'That moment when Kanye West secretly records your phone call, then Kim posts it on the Internet.'
The statement read: 'Where is the video of Kanye telling me he was going to call me 'that b****' in his song?
'It doesn't exist because it never happened. You don't get to control someone's emotional response to being called 'that b****' in front of the entire world.'
After being named as TIME's Person Of The Year in 2023, Taylor slammed Kim for 'taking her down psychologically' and forcing her into hiding during their long-running feud - while subtly branding the reality star and her ex-husband Kanye as 'trash' (seen in 2015)
Taylor and Kim's longtime row actually began thanks to the singer's dispute with Kanye in 2009, when he famously stormed the stage at the VMAs
Later, a leaked video appeared to have proven Swift told the truth about her phone call with West.
The clip that surfaced on social media appears to show Kanye didn't consult Taylor about the 'b****' lyric, and only asked her about the other line in the song, which was previously mentioned by Kim.
After hitting back, Taylor took a year-long break from the limelight, and only returned when she released her new single Look What You Made Me Do, in 2017.
In the song, and it's accompanying video, the star took aim at the trolls who had furiously branded her a 'snake' after Kim's phonecall leak.
In her track Miss Americana, Taylor noted that she felt 'alone and bitter' during her fall-out with Kanye and Kim, adding that she was branded 'wicked and evil.'
After being named as TIME's Person Of The Year in 2023, Taylor slammed Kim for 'taking her down psychologically' and forcing her into hiding during their long-running feud - while subtly branding the reality star and her ex-husband Kanye as 'trash.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group