AllHipHop
AllHipHop
The Columbia recording artist reveals the project’s guest features.

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Fivio Foreign will drop Pain & Love 2 on February 9. Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign also plan to release volume one of their Vulture album on that same date.
It appears Fivio Foreign is not afraid to go up against the Hip-Hop/R&B duo collectively known as ¥$. The Brooklyn-raised rapper told his 866,000 X followers to still expect Pain & Love 2 to arrive next week.
“Listen YE is my brother in real life… But I ain’t changing my date for nuffin in the world. I wish gang da best & I kno he feel da same FEB 9 PAIN & LOVE 2,” Fivio tweeted on Wednesday (January 31).
Listen YE is my brother in real life.. But I ain’t changing my date for nuffin in the world. I wish gang da best & I kno he feel da same FEB 9 PAIN & LOVE 2 ❤️‍🩹
Before that post about the release date for Pain And Love 2, Fivio Foreign shared the official tracklist for his upcoming body of work. The project features Vory, Lil Tjay, Swae Lee, Meek Mill, 41, Sheff G, Popcaan, and Rowdy Rebel.
Fivio Foreign’s original Pain And Love EP came out in November 2019. 2022 saw the rhymer release his debut studio LP, B.I.B.L.E., which hosted “City of Gods” with Kanye West and Alicia Keys. That collaboration earned a gold plaque from the RIAA.
Kanye West and Ty Dolla $ign’s long-delayed Vultures will arrive in three parts. Volume 1 is scheduled for February 9. The second and third volumes land on March 8 and April 5, respectively. ¥$ pushed back their collaborative effort several times over the last two months.
A post shared by Ty Dolla $ign (@tydollasign)
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity