Bianca Censori left little to the imagination as she touched down in Los Angeles alongside her husband Kanye West.
The former model has been supporting Ye at his promotional events and listening parties for his new Vultures album. The couple was joined by a surprising guest, Bianca's mum Alexandra and Kanye's rapper friend Ty Dolla $ign.
Pictures show the group landing in California on Wednesday, looking happier than ever departing a private plane. Bianca was wearing a revealing see-through bodysuit, while her mum looked worlds away in a simple black dress and heels.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West shows wife Bianca Censori's 'much purer' side in 'reminder' to fans
They all looked to be enjoying each other's company, laughing as they walked down the aircraft's steps. Ye struck a smile with his titanium teeth on show, Ty appeared to make Bianca laugh at one point as the group walked to their waiting SUVs.
Alexandra put her arm around Bianca as they stood on the tarmac, seeming to get on just fine after previous reports suggesting her parents didn't agree with her whirlwind romance with controversial Bound 2 rapper Kanye and his online antics.
After Ye shared a string of near-naked snaps of Bianca on Instagram, her mum was thought to have been left "distressed", with insiders explaining: "Her family and friends are mortified because it just keeps getting worse and worse."
"Bianca clearly doesn't realize that what she wore isn't only disgusting and setting a bad example, but she is also potentially breaking the law," they told MailOnline. "Meanwhile, Kanye is covered up in five layers of clothes and when his wife looked chilly while naked and wrapped in plastic he didn't so much as offer her one of his capes.
Join the Mirror's SMS news service to get the biggest breaking stories delivered straight to your phone. Click here to subscribe.
"Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognize her. She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled. He continues to lock her in by giving her more stake and ownership over various projects that he has going on, including the clothing," the insider continued, talking about her romance with Kanye.
It comes after Bianca and Kanye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian were spotted exchanging pleasantries at one of his latest listening parties. The pair stood side by side at his Vultures album listening party in San Fransisco, seen nodding along to the music.
An insider claimed Kanye is thrilled the pair seem to be amicable and say the star is "thankful" at their relationship. "It's not like Kim went down the street for this," a source told MailOnline. "She flew to San Francisco and, of course, Kanye was thankful. It was a concerted effort on her part. Kim didn't go there for Bianca, but she knew Bianca was going to be there. They do talk. Kim has accepted that Bianca is the stepmother to her children and that they love her," the insider continued on their relationship.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.