Kim Kardashian is feeling warm and fuzzy while out with her ex.
The Skims founder, 43, took daughter North West and a gaggle of friends to Nobu Malibu on Tuesday evening, where the crew was joined by Kanye West for a special (and stylish) night out.
Kardashian arrived at the celebrity hotspot with her eldest daughter, 10, and several of her friends, including cousin Penelope Disick; the “Donda” rapper showed up minutes later, sans wife Bianca Censori.
While Kanye wore a face-obscuring mask with a leather jacket, gray jeans and chunky black boots, he (accidentally?) coordinated with his ex, who was dressed in head-to-toe Prada fur.
Along with her fuzzy black maxi skirt, Kardashian wore a matching floor-length coat and buckled Miu Miu bra top.
While it doesn’t appear her skirt’s available to shop, Prada does sell a miniskirt version ($3,150); a coat nearly identical to the star’s, meanwhile, could be yours for $13,000.
For more Page Six Style ..
Kim finished off her look with a sparkling silver Balenciaga purse in the shape of a high-heeled pump and, on her feet, a pair of black pointed booties.
It appears the tweens left with a slew of party favors; North and her friends all exited Nobu wearing Kanye West merch, including matching black Yeezy slides and crewneck sweaters emblazoned with the album art from his forthcoming album, “Vultures,” which includes a feature by Miss Westie herself.
While it’s unclear exactly what the group was celebrating at dinner, perhaps they were brainstorming ideas and outfits for the music video Ye teased earlier this week, which was creative directed by North.
West, ever the fashionable diva, even matched her mom with a fuzzy black hat and wore her hair with waist-length braids.
The joint dinner comes after Kimye reunited earlier this month when the couple — who divorced in Jan. 2021 before settling in Nov. 2022 and share four children together — awkwardly interacted at son Saint’s basketball games, where they sat separately after a brief chat.
Advertisement