By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS and JAMES VITUSCKA and NOLA OJOMU FOR DAILYMAIL.COM  
 Published:  18:10, 22 August 2024   |  Updated:  18:33, 23 August 2024   
 673
View  comments
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori made an unexpected stop at a Kentucky  Fried Chicken in Los Angeles, California. 
While enjoying a fast food run together, the 47-year-old rapper and his spouse, 29, turned heads as they ordered at the counter, like an other customer. 
As they entered the popular fast food restaurant, all eyes were on the Australian architect, who left little to the imagination in a tattered grey bra and satin underwear.
In a photo, which appears to be taken from the KFC security camera, the Grammy  winner could be seen sporting a white hoodie and black pants. 
At one point, the Heartless hitmaker looked up at the menu and contemplated what he wanted before making his order. 
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori were recently seen grabbing dinner at a Kentucky Fried Chicken in Los Angeles, California
West's love for KFC has been well documented over the years, and even made it into his track, Lord I Need You, released in 2021.
In a song about his then-wife, Kim Kardashian, he raps: 'We used to do the freak like seven days a week/ It's the best collab since Taco Bell and KFC.' 
While it is unclear when the pair visited the KFC, Censori's sister, Angelina, posted a snap of her wearing the same revealing outfit to her Instagram Story on Saturday. 
Earlier this week, insiders told DailyMail.com that the pair's impromptu stop at a Donald Trump rally left her friends deeply concerned for her safety. 
According to sources, many of her loved ones believe her brief appearance at the demo on Saturday is further proof that the Censori they once knew has been 'lost.' 
'Bianca was not onboard with the idea of stopping at the Trump rally,' the source explained. 'She is clearly not a conservative woman. Her overt display of sexuality and the fact that she believes a woman should be able to do whatever she wants with her own body isn't exactly on board with Republican beliefs.' 
DailyMail.com previously reported that those closest to her are fearful she has turned to alcohol to deal with the stress of her marriage, and now they are 'concerned Kanye is putting her in danger by stopping and winding his car window down at a Trump demo.' 
'This is after he denounced Trump and spoke out against him, and after Trump called Kanye someone who needs help,' the source said, before asking: 'How is this safe?' 
While it is unclear when the pair visited the KFC, Censori's sister, Angelina, posted a snap of her wearing the same revealing outfit to her Instagram Story on Saturday
The insider highlighted how Censori's freedom of expression when it comes to her dress sense and her behavior in public could prove controversial for Trump supporters.
The insider continued: 'For the most part, Trump’s supporters, and some Republicans, believe that it is okay for a man to decide what a woman should do, how she should behave, her role in the family, what she should and shouldn’t wear and how she should and shouldn’t act. 
'This is terrifying to her loved ones as they feel this is how Kanye seems to view women – or at least Bianca.
'But this is the woman she is now, not the person she was before Kanye. Her friends feel like they have lost her.' 
Saturday saw West and Censori interact with Trump's supporters, holding American flags and signs in favor of the Republican presidential candidate who is fighting Democratic candidate, Vice President Kamala Harris in the race for the White House.
The crowd began chanting West's name when they recognized he was behind the wheel. 
Earlier this week, insiders told DailyMail.com that the pair's impromptu stop at a Donald Trump rally left her friends deeply concerned for her safety (West pictured with Trump in 2018)
According to sources, many of her loved ones believe her brief appearance at the demo on Saturday is further proof that the Censori they once knew has been 'lost' (seen on February 23, 2024)
A clip of the brief exchange was posted to TikTok by a user under the handle @ali.aam.06. 
The clip was captioned: 'WE SAW KANYE AT THE TRUMP RALLY IN BEVERLY HILLS WHAT THE F****.' 
West has not publicly addressed the current election cycle, but has previously been an outspoken supporter of Trump in the past.
However, the relationship between Trump and West appeared to falter after the rapper brought white nationalist Nick Fuentes, who has in the past denied the Holocaust, to Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate for a dinner in November of 2022.
Trump took to his Truth Social platform calling West 'seriously troubled' for making headlines over a series of anti-Semitic remarks spread over multiple outlets in the weeks preceding the Mar-a-Lago meeting. 
Censori has seemingly stuck by West despite a furor over his anti-Semitic outbursts and lyrics on his album, Vultures. 
His views were one of many concerns raised by Censori's loved ones since the couple secretly tied the knot in December 2022.
The couple secretly tied the knot in December 2022; pictured earlier this year
She has shocked with her provocative style, with restauranteurs vowing to ban her earlier this year after she dined out braless in a sheer bodysuit. 
Months prior, she engaged in what appeared to be a sexual act with West on a boat in Venice, which sparked calls for the couple to be banned from Italy.
Fears for Censori were renewed last month after West’s ex-chief of staff made a slew of allegations against the rapper in a bombshell affidavit filed to the California  Dental Board.
He claimed the musician is addicted to nitrous oxide – or 'laughing gas' – having allegedly been supplied with the narcotic by his dentist, Thomas P. Connelly, who has vehemently denied the claim.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group