Kanye West and Kim Kardashian have been slammed by some fans who have claimed they have 'forced' their 10-year-old daughter North West into the limelight.
This criticism comes as Kanye has finally released a video for his latest album, and fans say the real star of it is his daughter North West, who the rapper shares with ex-wife Kim Kardashian, is featured in her famous dad's latest video.
Kanye posted the video for Talking / Once Again on his Instagram Story Wednesday before it was put on YouTube. Fans have also recently seen North take to stage with her dad to debut her own new music, which went down a storm.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian's daughter North praised in music debut as dad Kanye West drops music video
But now some fans are questioning whether it is too much too soon for the young girl. They took to social media to complain. One wrote on Reddit: "It's just really sad." Another slammed Kanye for complaining about North making TikToks, 'and then this.' Another agreed: "Ridiculous and unnecessary." And a third added: "She's literally a kid, she's going to end up like Britney Spears."
The music video starts off with North getting her hair done as she mouths along to the words. She then showed off her rapping skills with her own verse that included the lines: "It’s your bestie. Miss, Miss Westie. Don’t try to test me. It’s gonna get messy. It’s gonna get messy. Just just bless me! Bless me!"
North was dressed in all black in the video and besides having her hair done she was seen with her father, who showed off his new titanium mouthpiece. The song is a collab with Ty Dolla Sign and is part of Kanye's newest album, Vultures, out February 9. As many fans have long awaited new music from the rapper the music video has already brought in an astounding two millions views within just 10 hours.
While many bashed Kanye for including his child in the video, others have praised North for her impressive rapping skills. One fan wrote: "This young lady is about to be trouble ! She’s about to take over." Another agreed: "It’s crazy how good her first song is." And a third fan said: "I hate Kanye. I hate Kim. But North, I’d fight for. I love her sm and I don’t even know her."
The album is the first in a reported three-volume collection that will be released at an unknown date. In his Instagram caption, Kanye shared that the video was directed by Damiano and Fabio D'Innocenzo while the cinematography was by Matteo Cocco.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.