This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Factset. Powered and implemented by FactSet Digital Solutions. Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by Refinitiv Lipper.
      
Thirteen-year-old Brayden Miles joined ‘Fox & Friends First’ alongside his mother, Natalie Dubois, to reflect on the memorable experience after performing with the country star on stage. 
Country music singer Zach Bryan is in hot water after he compared Taylor Swift to Kanye West in a now-deleted social media post. 
Earlier this week, Bryan posted on X, formerly known as Twitter, "eagles > chiefs, Kanye > Taylor, who's with me," according to Variety. 
In the social media post, Bryan appeared to target a few elements in Swift’s life — including her NFL boyfriend Travis Kelce, who plays for the Kansas City Chiefs. 
ZACH BRYAN HONORS FALLEN NYPD OFFICER JONATHAN DILLER DURING LONG ISLAND CONCERT
Country star Zach Bryan penned an apology to Taylor Swift after "drunkenly" tweeting. (Getty Images)
Swift additionally has a tense history with West, especially after he interrupted her at the 2009 MTV VMAs, and she’s been the subject of several of his diss tracks. 
Kanye West takes the microphone from Taylor Swift and speaks onstage during the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. (Getty Images)
Since the controversial social media post, the country star deactivated his X account and apologized to Swift fans for his tweet. 
Taylor Swift is currently dating Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce. (Kena Betancur/AFP via Getty Images)
"For the record guys I wasn’t coming for Taylor the other night," Bryan wrote on top of a screengrab of Swift’s song with Post Malone, "Fortnight," on Instagram. "I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong."
Since the controversial social media post, the country star deactivated his X account and apologized to Swift fans for his abrupt tweet.  (Zach Bryan/Instagram)
The "Heading South" singer acknowledged the longtime feud between Swift and West, as he continued to explain, "I know there’s a lot of stuff that clouds around Ye and I was speaking purely musically. I love Taylor’s music and pray you guys know I’m human and tweet stupid things often."
Bryan, 28, added that he hopes one day to explain to Swift about his controversial social media post. He additionally apologized to Swifties and detailed why he deactivated his X account.
"For the record guys I wasn’t coming for Taylor the other night. I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong."
"Twitter gets me in trouble too much and I’d say it’s best I stay off it," he penned. "I’m sorry to any Taylor fans I p---ed off or let down. Love you guys and I’m trying my best!"
Bryan went on to candidly share that he’s currently experiencing a difficult time in his life and pleaded with his fans. 
LIKE WHAT YOU’RE READING? CLICK HERE FOR MORE ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Bryan shared that he’s "going through a hard time" at the moment. (Getty Images)
"I’ve been going through a hard time in my own life and I think I was projecting a little," he wrote.
He acknowledged the social media post may have come off "as rude and desensitized to Taylor."
"I respect her so much as a musician that the last thing I want is people thinking I don’t appreciate and love what she has done for music," Bryan praised Swift.
Bryan shared Swift’s song "The Albatross" and urged, "Don’t drink and tweet. Don’t drink and tweet!!"
CLICK HERE TO SIGN UP FOR THE ENTERTAINMENT NEWSLETTER
Zach Bryan said he plans on taking a break from X. (Christopher Polk/Billboard via Getty Images)
While the "Revival" crooner further explained his actions and vocalized his admiration for Swift, he concluded his lengthy apology with, "This year has been an awful lot on me in personal ways that no one knows and I’ve been trying to cope and balance too many things at once."Bryan added he’s taking a hiatus from X to focus on his tour and "ground" himself. 
"Okay, needed to get this off my chest, yall are the best and I’ll see you at Bourbon and Beyond," he concluded in part.
Reps for Bryan, Swift and West did not immediately respond to Fox News Digital’s request for comment.
CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP
Stephanie Giang-Paunon is an Entertainment Writer for Fox News Digital. Story tips can be sent to stephanie.giang@fox.com and on Twitter: @SGiangPaunon.
Get a daily look at the top news in music, movies, television and more in the entertainment industry.
By entering your email and clicking the Subscribe button, you agree to the Fox News Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and
        agree to receive content and promotional communications from Fox News. You understand that you can
        opt-out at any time.
Subscribed

      You've successfully subscribed to this newsletter!
    

        This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2025 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. Quotes displayed in real-time or delayed by at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by
        Factset. Powered and implemented by
        FactSet Digital Solutions.
        Legal Statement. Mutual Fund and ETF data provided by
        Refinitiv Lipper.