By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  01:45, 8 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:39, 8 October 2024   
 137
View  comments
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori reportedly split a few weeks ago and it seems trouble has been brewing in the relationship for some time.
On Monday, TMZ claimed that the rapper, 47, and his wife, 29, have been on the outs for a while and 'possibly' plan to file for divorce.
While the pair are notoriously private when it comes to discussing their relationship, there are some subtle signs they have parted ways.
In recent months, Bianca has been pictured spending more time with her family amid reports of Kanye's 'controlling behaviour' and concern about the couple's bizarre public displays and her near-naked outfits. 
Bianca's parents flew from Melbourne to China last month to support their daughter at Kanye's Vultures Listening Party.
Her father Leo, mother Alexandra and younger sister Angelina all made the trip after claims Leo's relationship with Kanye was on shaky ground.
Bianca's father reportedly wanted to confront the Jesus Walks rapper about her X-rated outfits earlier this year.
An anonymous source claimed Leo was angry the Kanye had turned his family into a 'trashy commodity'.
Kanye West and his wife Bianca Censori reportedly split a few weeks ago and it seems trouble has been brewing in the relationship for some time 
There have also been frequent claims that Bianca's family has expressed their concerns since she tied the knot with Kanye in December 2022.
Some of her loved ones have reportedly staged an intervention with Bianca over Kanye's alleged 'controlling ways'.
Prior to their trip to China, Bianca's sisters Angelina and Alyssia also spent time with Bianca in Los Angeles.
The siblings were seen sitting near the stage at the Delta Center in Salt Lake City as they joined Bianca at Kanye's Vultures 2 listening party with Ty Dolla $ign in August.
It appears that Bianca and her sisters possibly mingled with two of West's children - North and Chicago - whom he shares with ex Kim Kardashian.
Their mother Alexandra has also been making frequent trips to the US this year.
She was spotted spending time with Bianca in August, with the pair enjoying dinner at the beachfront restaurant Nobu in Malibu.
While the pair are notoriously private when it comes to discussing their relationship, there were some subtle signs they have parted ways
In recent months, Bianca has been pictured spending more and more time with her family. Pictured: Bianca and sister Angelina last month
It comes amid claims Kanye has been in Tokyo while Bianca flew to Australia to be with her family during this tough time.
TMZ also added that the ex-husband of Kim Kardashian has been telling friends he is done with Bianca and wants to be single while spending time in Japan.
No reason for the breakup has been offered yet. The two have not been seen together since September 20.
The couple have been seen separately before so the solo outings may not indicate any hardship in the relationship but merely that Bianca was unable to join Kanye on the current leg of his trip for whatever reason.
The couple were last pictured together on September 20, shopping in Tokyo.
Kanye has been married to Bianca since December 2022.
They wed just one month after his divorce was finalised from Kim Kardashian. Kanye shares four children with the KUWTK alum - daughters North, 11, Chicago, six, and sons Saint, eight, and Psalm, five.
The couple are often unmissable when together - mostly in part because of Bianca's racy outfits 
Bianca's mother Alexandra has also been making frequent trips to the US this year. She was spotted spending time with her in August, with the pair enjoying dinner at the beachfront restaurant Nobu in Malibu
In February, a source revealed to DailyMail.com that the SKIMS founder had asked Kanye to have his wife cover up when around their children.
'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids. She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.'
The insider added: 'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout their marriage. The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through – but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group