Kanye West's lavish new titanium dentures aren't going anywhere as it has been revealed the rapper's expensive experimental dental work is "fixed and permanent."
Last week the Flashing Lights hitmaker unveiled his brand new teeth, showing off his bizarre silver-colored dentures with razor-sharp incisors. What comes as an ever bigger shock than the fact that the implants cost a whopping $850,000 is that they are completely non-removable. Kanye's new specially-made dentures are known as "fixed prosthodontics” and are part of a never-before-seen type of experimental dentistry co-created by the rapper.
A source revealed to Page Six: "They are, as the name suggests, fixed and permanent," and added: "This goes way beyond veneers or grills. And his particular implant is quite unlike anything that has been done before.”
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's daughter North flaunts new diamond grill after rapper gets titanium teeth
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
The source explained that the dental work was partially Kanye's idea as he worked alongside the famous celebrity dentist Dr. Thomas Connelly to help "manufacture" and "fit" the dentures. Dr. Thomas is well-known for working on a number of celebrities in the past including artists Post Malone, Lil Yachty and Odell Beckham.
The shiny new dentures are reported to be made of both palladium and platinum materials and are largely inspired by a James Bond character. On Wednesday, Kanye revealed to his fans that the unique dentures were a reference to the character Jaws who appeared in the action movies The Spy Who Loved Me and Moonraker.
The insider also confirmed that despite ongoing rumours, the Heartless hitmaker's real teeth have not been removed to make room for the new dentures. The rumours, although shocking, did not come as too much of a surprise as Kanye has previously joked about having all of his teeth removed and replacing them with diamonds back in 2010 when he was a guest star on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
As Kanye unveiled his shocking new look, his 10-year-old daughter North West followed in her father's footsteps as she also showcased her brand new dental work. North and her famous mum Kim Kardashian took to TikTok this week to share a lip-syncing video in which North's sparkling new diamond grills were on display.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.