By CHARLOTTE DEAN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  10:00, 12 December 2024   |  Updated:  10:29, 12 December 2024   
Carmen Bryan has recalled how early in her relationship with Jay-Z she woke up with him allegedly kissing her on the lips after falling asleep on the sofa.
The details about Jay-Z, 55, in her book come after Carmen launched an attack against the rapper in the wake of allegations that he raped a 13-year-old girl. 
The musician, 52, who got pregnant with Jay-Z's child during a nine year affair, has detailed their relationship in her autobiography, It's No Secret: From Nas to Jay-Z, from Seduction to Scandal-a Hip-Hop Helen of Troy Tells All.
Carmen describes Jay-Z - whose real name is Shawn Carter - as 'very warm and extremely humble' after first meeting in 1995 while she was in a relationship with fellow rapper, Nas, now 51.
She detailed their long-running affair, explaining that they met through mutual friends and immediately felt like they would be long-term friends.
Sharing an insight into one of their first meetings, she said: 'This Shawn character appeared to be wise beyond his years. Shawn was very warm and extremely humble, with a wonderful sense of humor. 
Carmen Bryan (pictured) has recalled how early in her relationship with Jay-Z she woke up with him kissing her on the lips after falling asleep on the sofa
The details about Jay-Z in her book come after Carmen launched an attack against the rapper on Instagram in the wake of allegations that he raped a 13-year-old girl
'Over dinner I decided he and I would be good friends for a very long time. We went back to Erick's house talking and laughing. I was in no condition to drive home, so I decided to spend the night at Erick's. 
'Shawn and I sat on the couch and pretended to watch television. Before long I drifted off to sleep. I woke up with Shawn kissing me. His lips were so soft and luscious and I began to melt into him.'
Carmen went on to explain how his hands apparently 'began to roam' but claimed he wasn't ready for anything further and put an end to his alleged attempts.
The mother of one, who shares her daughter Destiny with ex Nas, explained in the memoir that she didn't have sex with Jay-Z for around another year.
Detailing another meeting a year later, Carmen said Jay-Z said: 'Come on, Carm. It's been, like, a year. When are we going to do the freshie?'
Explaining that he meant sex, Jay-Z apparently said: 'Okay, when are we going to do it? Is that better?', to which she told him 'when I'm ready'.
Later in the book, Carmen described the first time they had intercourse, revealing that she 'had to make sure his intentions were right' before committing.
She said: 'We started kissing and it was rather intense. Somehow we ended up in his bedroom. He started to undress me and this time I didn’t resist. My clothes were off in a flash and so were his. 
The musician, 52, who got pregnant with Jay-Z's child during a nine year affair, has detailed their relationship in her autobiography, It's No Secret: From Nas to Jay-Z, from Seduction to Scandal-a Hip-Hop Helen of Troy Tells All
'When he leaned in, I suggested immediately that he get a condom. "Don’t move and I mean it," he said as he dashed into the walk-in closet. It had been a long wait. The time before didn’t count. When he re-turned that’s when the lovemaking began.'
The resurfaced quotes from her book come after Carmed shared a post which was seemingly aimed at Jay-Z after he was hit by a rape lawsuit.
She shared a pointed post, writing: 'These days people don't defend what is right, they defend who they like! And that's why we call you "groupie".'
Carmen also made a jibe at the rapper by highlighting how he referred to himself as a 'rapist' in Kanye West's track Monster.
She posted lyrics from the song, highlighting the lines: 'Kill a block, I murder the avenues, I Rape and pillage your village, women and children'. 
Jay-Z has been hit with a civil lawsuit that claims he sexually assaulted a 13-year-old girl on September 7, 2000 after the MTV Video Music Awards with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, but denies the allegation and insists he is the victim of a 'blackmail attempt'.
Carmen, who previously worked as an executive assistant in the record industry, fell pregnant during her affair with Jay-Z, which went on from 1995 to 2004 while she was also dating his arch rival Nas, but sadly suffered a miscarriage. 
Their affair continued even while Carmen was engaged to Nas, the father of her daughter Destiny who was born in 1994, but she finally ended things after being left 'disgusted' by Jay-Z rapping about having sex with her in his song Supa Ugly. 
Breaking her silence on Jay-Z's rape accusations on Monday, Carmen took to Instagram with a screenshot of the lyrics from Jay-Z's verse on Kanye West's track Monster
Carmen also wrote: 'These days people don't defend what is right, they defend who they like! And that's why we call you 'groupie'
Jay-Z released the track in 2004, and rapped about how he'd had sex with Carmen in a Jeep and left behind used condoms in her daughter's baby seat. 
'Wrong move! That was the moment I lost all respect for SC,' she wrote, referring to the rapper by the initials of his real name, Shawn Carter.
Carmen previously confessed about the affair to Nas after the release of Memphis Bleek and Jay-Z's track Is That Your Chick, a highly sexualised song about stealing another man's partner.
She revealed after the release of the song Nas phoned her to ask if it was about her after years of choosing not to believe rumours between the pair. 
In her memoir It's No Secret, Carmen recalled the difficult conversation with Nas. She wrote: 'Nas, it’s true...The rumours are true. I have been seeing Jay-Z.'
During the 3am phone call, Carmen explained she and Jay-Z had been having an affair for five years after they met as friends and began an intimate relationship a year later. 
In an interview with VLAD TV in 2017, Carmen also admitted she fell pregnant with his baby which she later miscarried. 
'I believe I was three months, it was the first trimester. It wasn't anything crazy, it wasn't planned. It wasn't like "Oh we are going to have this baby".' 
Jay-Z, 55, was hit with a civil lawsuit filed on Sunday that claims he sexually assaulted a 13-year-old girl on September 7, 2000. He has denied the allegations
Carmen previously confessed about the affair to Nas (pictured) after the release of Memphis Bleek and Jay-Z's track Is That Your Chick
She also confessed she only told Jay-Z about the pregnancy after the miscarriage had happened.  
Discussing Jay-Z's song Takeover which was released in 2001 and was about Carmen, she explained: 'I had already split up from Nas. I had shipped all my things to LA, I moved I packed Destiny and I up, we were already out. 
'Nas and I weren't together. We were not in a relationship,' yet things weren't completely over as she added: 'We were still going back and forth and seeing each other. The relationship wasn't null and void.' 
Jay-Z is the first celebrity to be named alongside Diddy in one of the myriad lawsuits filed against Combs. Both rappers have denied all allegations.
The victim claims the rape took place at a VMA's afterparty in September 2000, while an unidentified female celebrity watched.
The anonymous victim was previously referred to Jay-Z as 'Celebrity A' in the bombshell filing, with the female star accused of watching anonymized as 'Celebrity B.'
Jay-Z issued a blistering response to the lawsuit via DailyMail.com, accusing the victim of attempting to 'blackmail' him.
The rapper claimed he feared that his three children with Beyoncé would have to 'endure' harassment in the wake of the allegations (pictured on Monday) 
The rapper claimed he feared that his three children with Beyoncé would have to 'endure' harassment in the wake of the allegations.
Jay-Z said he is especially worried about Blue Ivy, 12, and afraid she will face questions from her friends about the lawsuit.  The couple also share twins Rumi and Sir, seven.
'My only heartbreak is for my family,' Jay-Z told DailyMail.com on Sunday.
'My wife and I will have to sit our children down, one of whom is at the age where her friends will surely see the press and ask questions about the nature of these claims, and explain the cruelty and greed of people.'
Jay-Z said he mourned 'yet another loss of innocence' and declared that his 'children should not have to endure' the graphic accusations at their young age.
'It is unfair to have to try to understand inexplicable degrees of malice meant to destroy families and human spirit,' he said.
Beyonce and Jay-Z have been an R&B power couple for more than 20 years. They got married in April 2008, and by April 2014. 
For all the latest updates on this story, listen to The Trial of Diddy - available wherever you get your podcasts now. 
Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group