Ex-NFL star Brandon Marshall claims Taylor Swift had Kanye West removed from Super Bowl 2024 after the rapper allegedly purchased seats right in front of her star-studded suite.
Marshall, who shared a suite with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell at the big game, made the shocking accusation on his “Paper Route” podcast Monday — however, there is no evidence that the retired athlete’s claims are accurate. 
In fact, when telling the story, Marshall notably confused Swift, 34, for Katy Perry, who was not even at the game Sunday night. 
“So Kanye West pulls up to the Super Bowl. Kanye West buys a ticket right in front of Katy Perry’s booth so anytime they are gonna be showing Katy Perry, Kanye’s face was going to be there — he had a mask on with his logo on the mask,” Marshall, who played 13 seasons in the NFL, alleged before correcting himself.  
“So Taylor Swift gets pissed off [and] she makes a call or two — everybody is involved — [and] he gets kicked out the stadium,” Marshall continued, noting that the “Heartless” rapper was trying to “leverage” Swift’s celebrity status to “make some” money whenever she was inevitably shown on TV.
However, Marshall’s allegations were thinly veiled, as West and wife Bianca Censori were photographed at the game, as well as shown in the stands during the CBS broadcast. 
There was no mention of them being kicked out of Allegiant Stadium, a storyline that would have garnered a ton of traction if true. 
“So then you got to go back to the beef, you know, of him cutting her off when she’s winning a Grammy and said Beyoncé should have won it,” the former Denver Broncos player added, referencing the infamous moment West ruined Swift’s speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. 
“So that’s what he tried to do. He tried to sit in front of Taylor Swift yesterday.”
Swift’s rep didn’t immediately respond to Page Six’s request for comment, and a spokesman for the NFL declined to comment. 
However, Kanye’s rep told TMZ, “This is a completely fabricated rumor. It is not true.”
West was seen wearing a head-turning crucifix mask atop a full head covering at the big game, while Censori, 29, also donned a black latex balaclava.
For more Page Six you love…
West’s vintage Alexander McQueen mask featured a three-dimensional white crucifix between the eyes and was likely a tribute to the late fashion designer who died on Feb. 11, 2010 — exactly 14 years earlier.
Photos from the game showed the “Jesus Walks” wordsmith standing next to what appeared to be a security guard nowhere near Swift’s star-studded suite. 
Images also prove that the “Anti-Hero” singer’s VIP box was flanked by no one but fans excited to watch the matchup.
Swift and West’s bad blood began after her interrupted her at the VMAs in 2009 and reached its peak in 2016 when the “Gold Digger” rapper named her in his song “Famous.”
“I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex Why? I made that bitch famous,” he spit on the controversial tune.
Swift claimed she never gave West permission to use her name on the track, prompting his then-wife, Kim Kardashian, to release a phone call proving the pop star actually did give Ye the OK.
It was later proven that the recorded conversation was edited, but the damage was already done and Swift went into hiding for a year after being dubbed a “liar” and “snake.”
The 14-time Grammy winner eventually emerged back into the public eye with “Reputation,” an album thought to be mostly about West and Kardashian. 
“Trash takes itself out every single time,” Swift said pointedly in her Time “Person of the Year” cover story in Dec. 2023. 
Advertisement