ByHugh McIntyre
ByHugh McIntyre,
 Senior Contributor. 
LOS ANGELES, CA - FEBRUARY 02: Kanye West is seen on February 02, 2024 in Los Angeles, California. ... More (Photo by Rachpoot/Bauer-Griffin/GC Images)
Kanye West’s comeback was fraught with legal issues and questions of whether the American public would accept him again after his career was decimated following a string of antisemitic remarks made by the rapper. Once his new album Vultures 1 arrived, it became clear that millions of people across the U.S. were still willing to at least stream his latest offering. All those plays have made the set a hit on a number of rankings, and they’ve helped the controversial musician reach the top spot on a list he’s never ruled before.
Vultures 1 debuts at No. 1 on this week’s Top Streaming Albums chart. The Billboard-run tally lists the full-lengths and EPs that rack up the most plays on platforms like Spotify, Apple Music, Amazon
AMZN
 Music, and many others.
West earns his first No. 1 on the Top Streaming Albums chart as Vultures 1 arrives. There aren’t many Billboard rankings that the rapper would be eligible for that he hasn’t ruled yet, so this is a win for him.
Vultures 1 is one of several new entrants on the Top Streaming Albums chart this time around. Usher collects two of the four titles that debut on the tally. The highest of the two, Coming Home, is brand new to all Billboard rankings. His other win, Confessions, opens at No. 16, spurred by his Super Bowl Halftime Show performance. Close to the bottom of the tally comes Bob Marley and the Wailers with their Legend compilation at No. 44.
While Vultures 1 may mark West’s first No. 1—and top 10—on the Top Streaming Albums chart, he has actually appeared on the ranking before. His album Graduation has now spent a dozen frames somewhere on the tally. This week, it’s up slightly to No. 45.
This new placement marks the debut for Ty Dolla $ign. He joined West in a new superduo called ¥$ last year, and they’re responsible for the project. The two are credited both as a pair and as soloists on the full-length and all of its songs.
Vultures 1 debuts at No. 1 on a variety of Billboard charts this week. In addition to the Top Streaming Songs ranking, it blasts onto the Billboard 200 in first place, giving $ign his initial leader and West his eleventh. The set is also a winner on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums and Top Rap Albums lists as well.