Tones And I makes it two in a row as "Beautifully Ordinary" opens at No. 1 on Australia's albums chart.

													By
												

	Lars Brandle


Tones And I makes it two in a row as Beautifully Ordinary opens at No. 1 on Australia’s albums chart.The five-times ARIA Award winner opens at the top of the ARIA Chart, published Friday, Aug. 9, with Beautifully Ordinary, her sophomore album. 






	
	
		
					Explore		
	

See latest videos, charts and news




















	
		
					Charli xcx		
					






















	
		
					Kanye West		
					






















	
		
					Tones And I		
					





See latest videos, charts and news


See latest videos, charts and news
See latest videos, charts and news

Beautifully Ordinary is the followup to Welcome To The Madhouse, which also debuted at No. 1 in 2021. The one-time busker’s debut EP The Kids Are Coming peaked at No. 3 in 2019. Although it didn’t climb the chart mountain, The Kids Are Coming did house “Dance Monkey,” Tones’ breakthrough hit which reigned over the charts in more than 30 countries, including a record, 24-week stint atop the ARIA Chart. 

	












	
	
		
					Related		
	

















	
	
		
					Ella Langley, Riley Green's 'You Look Like You Love Me' Wins Visual Media of the Year Ahead of 2025…		
	



	05/03/2025	







	Tones owns the second consecutive ARIA No. 1 by an Australian act, following Lime Cordiale’s drought-breaking leader last week with Enough Of The Sweet Talk. 




			Trending on Billboard		






	“Well, when it rains, it pours,” notes ARIA CEO Annabelle Herd. “Tones has given us two Australian No. 1s two weeks in a row. A huge congratulations to Tones and her team on this incredible achievement. We’re absolutely thrilled for you and all of your accomplishments across an outstanding career so far.”

	Also new to the top tier of the national chart is the collaborative project of Bernard Fanning (former frontman of Powderfinger) and Paul Dempsey (Something For Kate). Fanning Dempsey National Park’s The Deluge arrives at No. 3.

	Prior to disbanding in 2010, Powderfinger landed six ARIA No. 1 albums, all consecutive, while Something For Kate bagged two leaders, according to ARIA. Also, two of Fanning’s four solo albums have led the chart (Tea & Sympathy and Departures) while two of Dempsey’s three solo albums have peaked at No. 5.

	Ye, the artist formerly known as Kanye West, and Ty Dolla $ign earn a top 10 debut with Vultures 2, which swoops in at No. 4. 

	Aussie punk rockers Dune Rats drop in at No. 29 with their fifth album, If It Sucks, Turn It Up. It’s the followup to 2022’s Real Rare Whale, which peaked at No. 6. 

	It’s winter in Australia, though Charli XCX’s Brat summer is sweeping through the ARIA Charts. Following the release of a remix featuring Billie Eilish, Brat album track “Guess” debuts at No. 1 on the singles tally, for her first solo leader.

	“Guess” is Charli’s fifth top 10 hit in Australia, after “I Love It” (with Icona Pop) in 2012 and “Fancy” (with Iggy Azalea), “Bloom Clap” and “Break The Rules” in 2014. Charli also takes a bite out of the chart with “Apple” at No. 18, and “360” moves 27-24.
Get weekly rundowns straight to your inbox
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
A daily briefing on what matters in the music industry
Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Billboard is a part of Penske Media Corporation. © 2025 Billboard Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved.