By MARY MRAD FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  04:19, 21 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:15, 21 October 2024   
 65
View  comments
Bianca Censori's mother Alexandra enjoyed a low-key outing on Saturday after her son-in-law Kanye West allegedly made lewd comments about her.
Alexandra sported a lavish Prada handbag worth $6000 as she pumped her own car tyres in Melbourne.
She looked effortlessly stylish for the outing in a dark green leather dress and a pair of black Prada heels.
Alexandra kept a low profile with sunglasses and got her hands dirty as she adjusted the air pressure in her car tyres.
She appears to be following in daughter Bianca's fashion footsteps, who has become known for her very bold ensembles and who often struts her stuff in luxury pieces.
The sighting comes just days after it was claimed in a lawsuit filed by his ex-assistant Lauren Pisciotta that rapper Kanye allegedly told his wife Bianca that he wanted to have sex with her mother while she watched.
The disturbing allegations were made by Lauren in an 88-page updated lawsuit, filed on October 12 and obtained by DailyMail.com.
Among them were claims that Kanye has a 'kink' of wanting to have sex with mothers of his sexual targets, which he frequently talked about.
Bianca Censori's mother Alexandra enjoyed a low-key outing on Saturday after her son-in-law Kanye West allegedly made lewd comments about her
Alexandra sported a lavish designer handbag worth $6000 while pumping her own car tyres in Melbourne
According to the lawsuit, the lewd text Kanye allegedly wrote to Bianca read: 'I wanna f**k your mum. Before she leaves.'
Bianca was in the US on a work visa at the time, and her mother, Alexandra, was visiting Los Angeles from their native Australia.
Lauren claimed Bianca responded to Kanye's texts by declining the offer.
'This is what she wrote... she's [Alexandra] married. I'm going to f**k someone this weekend and tell you the next time you're inside me,' Kanye told Lauren of Bianca's alleged reply minutes later.
She looked effortlessly stylish for the outing in a dark green leather dress and a pair of black heels
Alexandra got her hands dirty as she adjusted the air pressure in her car tyres
Alexandra is mother to three daughters - Kanye's wife Bianca, 29, and her two sisters, Angelina and Alyssia.
She lives in Alphington, a suburb in Victoria Australia, where she raised her three daughters with her husband Leo.
Alexandra is often seen supporting Bianca and has made frequent trips to the US this year amid rumours that Bianca's relationship with Kanye was on the rocks.
Since August, Bianca's Australian family has made a united show of support for the model amid reports of her turbulent relationship with Kanye.
Alexandra has been spotted spending more time with Bianca in recent months, dining and shopping with the brunette architect at celebrity hotspots like Nobu.
She has also chaperoned her internationally to Vultures 2 listening parties alongside younger sister, Angelina.
She appears to be following in daughter Bianca's fashion footsteps, who has become known for her very bold ensembles and often struts her stuff in luxury pieces
The sighting comes just days after it was claimed in a lawsuit filed by his ex-assistant Lauren that rapper Kanye West allegedly told his wife Bianca that he wanted to have sex with her mother while she watched
It's previously been reported that Bianca's relationship with Kanye raised concerns for her parents, who insiders claim found the controversial rapper 'disturbing' and feared their daughter was simply a rebound in the wake of his divorce from ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
The couple secretly married on December 20, 2022 - one month after he finalised his separation from Kim, with whom he has four children - North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six and Psalm, five.
'Bianca's mother and father find Kanye to be slightly disturbing,' a source close to the Yeezy architect told DailyMail.com exclusively last year.
'Her parents found it suspect that he married Bianca one month after his divorce from Kim was finalised. They really didn't want Bianca to be his rebound from such a high-profile marriage.'
According to the lawsuit , the lewd text Kanye allegedly wrote to Bianca read: 'I wanna f**k your mum. Before she leaves'
Alexandra is mother to three daughters - Kanye's wife Bianca, 29, and her two sisters, Angelina and Alyssia
Alexandra is often seen supporting Bianca and has made frequent trips to the US this year amid rumours that Bianca's relationship with Kanye was on the rocks
But Kanye hasn't completely lost the support of his in-laws, who supposedly recognise how much their daughter is in love with the musician.
According to the insider, Bianca's father Leo 'ultimately thinks that Kanye is an okay guy'.
'Bianca's dad appreciates Kanye's power and the fact that, despite his immense fame, he puts Bianca's safety before anything else,' they said. 
'They know that Bianca does love this man and, in the end, that is what is most important to the both of them.'
Alexandra has been spotted spending more time with Bianca in recent months, dining and shopping with the brunette architect at celebrity hotspots like Nobu
It's previously been reported that Bianca's relationship with Kanye raised concerns for her parents, who insiders claim found the controversial rapper 'disturbing' and feared their daughter was simply a rebound in the wake of his divorce from ex-wife Kim Kardashian 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group