Kanye West has admitted to feeling he is the greatest rapper of all time as he hit out at Drake in a now-deleted social media post.
The rant on Instagram followed reports of an argument between Kanye and his wife Bianca Censori. The post saw the rapper also take aim at Kendrick Lamar as he went off on a tangent.
Kanye wrote: "Everyone knows I washed Kendrick on no more parties in LA. Everyone knows I washed Drake at the Free Hoover Concert." The gig he was referring to was his 2021 co-headliner with Drake at the Larry Hoover Benefit Concert which was meant to signal the end of their long-running beef.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori leaves jet with mum in see-through thong bodysuit amid family feud
Kanye then continued as he hit out at sportswear brand Adidas who he famously ended his working relationship with following his antisemitic comments. He continued: "Everyone knows I brought Adidas into this culture and took them out."
Kanye also slammed other names from the world of fashion, including his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, Balenciaga creative direction Demna, and deceased Off-White creator Virgil Abloh. He wrote: "Everyone knows Lotta, Demna, Virgil, Jerry, [and] Kim all worked for me."
He then reeled off a back catalogue of some of his biggest hit records such as My Twisted Dark Fantasy, The Life of Pablo, Graduation, and Watch the Thrones before he claimed he is the "greatest of all time." He concluded: "I am the only person to come back number one after cancellation," before stating, "There is only one GOAT. I stand by me. My friends call me Ye:)."
The rant appeared to have been inspired by Kendrick calling out Drake and J.Cole as he rapped "Mother f**k the Big Three, it’s just Big Me," referring to J.Cole's verse in the First Person Shooter where he named himself, Drake and Kendrick as the GOATs of rap.
Meanwhile, Bianca's sister has slammed reports of a rift between her family members and Kanye. Angelica claimed: "It's all just bulls**t." She also tore down rumours surrounding her family's take on Bianca's new husband, saying that "nothing" reported on their thoughts and feelings about the Vultures musician is true.
"We all support him. We support his new album," she told the Herald Sun. "We support his new clothes he's dropping." Angelina called Bianca her "best friend and confidante" during the tell-all interview, adding: "It's all just bulls**t. There was something about my dad even recently. My dad never talks. Nothing's true," she concluded.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.