Bianca Censori has stepped out in another skimpy ensemble.
In recent pictures alongside her husband Kanye West, Bianca wore a teeny tiny metallic silver bikini top held together by string alone. She barely covered her modesty with triangles of fabric, paired with flesh-coloured hot pants worn high waisted.
Censori accessorised with a khaki camouflage baseball cap and stacks of silver earrings. She styled her black hair in a shaggy crop above her shoulders and appeared to be makeup free as she embraced her natural beauty.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Netflix fans beg streamers to watch steamy series that will 'forever be their favourite' show
To top off her look, Bianca added a pair of clear perspex heels. She was joined by Kanye West who took a more demure approach to his outfit.
The rapper wore a grey hoodie with black basketball shorts, black shoes and black sunglasses. Kanye and Bianca were spotted walking out and about at the cinema in Century City, Los Angeles.
They were seen at Bludso’s BBQ before heading to watch A Quiet Place: Day One. Censori has become a pop culture figure after marrying West and for her incredibly risqué outfits.
She is regularly papped wearing increasingly skimpy looks out in public, while her beau also loves to share pictures of her on his Instagram. Recently she posed in a rather revealing number which sent the internet into speculation.
Over on Kanye’s Instagram, he uploaded a picture of the starlet wearing a black bandeau top that showed a lot of skin underneath. Censori paired it with a matching loincloth on the bottom and covered her legs with thigh-high stockings.
She posed against a white wall and gave a blank expression to the camera while fans on Instagram began to speculate a meaning behind the snaps. West’s followers reckon that they indicate Bianca is helping him with his new album, Vultures 2.
Censori has already posed for West’s first instalment, which means her pictures hint toward the second project. On Reddit, many of the couple’s followers wondered: “So if Kanye is posting her, does that mean we are getting Vultures 2?”
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.