It’s 2019 and some celebs are already expecting some new family members. Yup, that’s right, we’re just into the first week of the New Year and there is already baby news from two celebrity couples.
Kanye West and Kim Kardashian announced that they are expecting baby number 4 (scroll down for MORE info). And so are Kobe and Vanessa Bryant  
It happened yesterday, New Year’s Day, that the couple announced they’re expecting.
“New Year, New Baby! Baby Mamba On The Way 2019,” Kobe posted on Instagram.
He followed up with:
Vanessa and I are beyond excited to announce that we are expecting another #mambacita to go along with Natalia (15), Gianna (12) and Bianka (2).”
Kobe and Vanessa, 40 and 36 respectively, have been married since 2001.
Bryant retired from the NBA in 2016 after 20 years. Since hanging up his basketball jersey, Kobe has been involved in charity work and raising his family.
Up top, we mentioned that Kanye West and Kim Kardashian are having ANOTHER baby! Yep, it true.  Kim Kardashian and Kanye are expecting their fourth child, a boy, via surrogate, multiple sources confirm in the new issue of Us Weekly.
In August, Us reported that the couple, who used a surrogate for their third child, 11-month-old Chicago, had one embryo left, a male. Now he’s due to arrive “in very early May,” says an insider.
In addition to baby Chicago, the couple are also parents to North, 5, and Saint, 3, and another source reveals that 38-year-old Kardashian “always wanted four kids.”
HEAD BACK TO THE BLACKAMERICAWEB.COM HOMEPAGE

Related Tags


									Rest In Power: Notable Black Folks Who We’ve Lost In 2025								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Accuser Released Alleged Audio Of Him Saying He’ll “F-cking Choke The Sh-t Out” Of Her								

									Kanye West Details Oral Sex With His Cousin During Childhood: “It Was My Fault That I Showed Him Those Dirty Magazines”								

									Shannon Sharpe’s Lawyer Says He Offered $10M To Settle Rape Claims Before Accuser Went Public “Without Warning”								

									Trump Endorses A Stephen A. Smith For President & Appears To Confuse Harvard With “Riots In Harlem,” Social Media Reacts								

									Shannon Sharpe Accused of Rape In $50 Million Lawsuit								

									Elon Musk Scaling Back DOGE Role “Significantly As Tesla Profits Plunge, Social Media Vows To Make His Life Miserable								

									Terrence Howard Refused Marvin Gaye Biopic Role Because He Wouldn’t Kiss A Man, Social Media Has Thoughts								

					We care about your data. See our privay policy.				
An Urban One Brand
Copyright © 2025 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved.