Kanye West has had a breakthrough moment that "finally defines" his relationship with his wife Bianca Censori, according to an expert who has analysed the couple's recent pap snaps.
On Wednesday evening, the couple were seen out and about together, with the YEEZY architect dressed in a very provocative way. The husband and wife duo's recent outing was for Ty Dolla $ign's birthday party in West Hollywood, with Bianca, 29, donning an outfit similar to what her 46-year-old husband's ex-wife Kim Kardashian wore in the past.
Kim, Kanye's ex and the mother of his four children, famously wore a very similar-looking dress just months after she married the rapper in March 2014, with the then-couple spotted at the TAO Nightclub in Las Vegas. Kim could be seen in a very daring white ruched dress with a huge plunging V-neckline - with Bianca seemingly now taking inspiration from her husband's ex.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori wears plunging dress as she copies Kim Kardashian's style again
Analysing Bianca and Kanye's body language from their recent outing, Judi James exclusively told The Mirror that the recent display could have been a potential "breakthrough moment" for the pair. Judi said: "Bianca’s plunging white tunic might bear a passing resemblance to Kim’s own plunging version while she was married to Kanye but the spirit of the look is far more twinned with the ‘napkin’ dress Kim wore to the Oscars after-party earlier this year.
"The striking feature of this outing though is the way that Kanye has finally decided to come as a co-ordinated partner that would define him and Bianca as a couple, rather than dressing and using body language that is in direct contrast to anything his wife is doing or wearing."
‌She added: "Postural echo or mirroring like Kanye and Bianca are doing here suggests like-minded thinking and a desire to be seen as exclusive. Kanye has opted for a matching white look here and a matching, wide-eyed, blank facial expression to suggest togetherness rather than shuffling around behind or in front of his wife wearing top-to-toe baggy black."
‌Concluding her analysis of the new snaps, Judi added that this "might be a breakthrough moment for the pair", with them wanting to be seen "as more of an even-status and fully-formed couple rather than looking like a reclusive, camera-phobic star and his over-revealing muse".
She noted: "Another first here is that Bianca seems to be revealing one of her tricks of the trade in terms of dressing in such a plunging style. There appears to be a section of tit-tape hanging off her right breast, showing what appear to be daring, gravity-defying or revealing outfits might actually be more cautiously constructed than they look."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.