21 August 2024

Julia Fox has "sworn off" dating.
Julia Fox is happy being single
The 34-year-old actress attained global fame when she struck up a brief relationship with rap star Kanye West, 47, for a matter of weeks in early 2022 following his split from Kim Kardashian but has now decided that being single is the way to go.
Speaking on 'The Drew Barrymore Show', she said: "Oh, no, no no, I have sworn off men. It's like...if it ain't broke, don't fix it. I'm happy. Why would I wanna throw anything in the mix that might mess up my Feng shui, so to speak?" 
The 'Uncut Gems' star - who has three-year-old son Valentino with her former husband Peter Artemiev - declared just weeks ago that she is a lesbian when a video by TikTok comedienne Gracin went viral.
In the viral TikTok, Gracin said: "I love when I see a lesbian with their boyfriend. It's like 'Aww, you hate that man. You literally hate him."

In response, Julia  gave a brief response where she noted that she could relate to the sentiment in the clip and claimed that she will never have a boyfriend again.

She said: "Hey, that was me. I was that lesbian. So sorry, boys. Um, won’t happen again."

Julia recently admitted that she has often struggled with her confidence and didn't believe others when they said she could achieve things.

Speaking to Variety about her struggles, Julia shared: "I always had people telling me that I could do so much more and I didn’t have that same level of confidence.

"Like everyone around me was always like, ‘You could be a writer, you should write a book about your life, you cold be a movie star,’ and I was just like, ‘You guys are crazy.’ Like I definitely did not have the self-esteem to even see that for myself.

"I guess always saw myself in the art world in some way, but I had a very myopic view of what the art world meant.

"I definitely did not picture it being on this very large scale with the world as a stage."


Tagged in  Kanye West
Kim Kardashian
Julia Fox


© 2025 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved.
duration : 0.12666s v4.2 - 2025-05-04 11:29:23