The Kardashian kids are making moves—and memories.
Khloe Kardashian and ex Tristan Thompson's daughter True Thompson, 6, Kim Kardashian and ex Kanye West's second-youngest child Chicago West, 6, Kylie Jenner and ex Travis Scott's daughter Stormi Webster, 6, and Rob Kardashian and ex Blac Chyna's little girl Dream Kardashian, 7, capped off their third year of dance classes with a recital June 22. And their families could not be prouder.
"My girls had their dance recital yesterday! Year 3 done," Khloe wrote on Instagram June 23 alongside photos of the cousins with herself and Kim, including shots of the dancers wearing matching sparkly pink tutus and red and white pinstriped baseball uniform dresses while holding bouquets. "I can't believe they already have done three years of dance. Life is moving quickly. They did two dances this year- Ballet and hiphop."
The Good American founder continued, "I am so so proud of them! They were absolutely perfect."
Khloe initially included a group pic that showed Stormi, with a red heart emoji obstructing her face. When a fan asked why she hid it, the Kardashians star responded, "because her mommy asked." The photo was later removed entirely.
A post shared by Khloé Kardashian (@khloekardashian)
Tristan also attended the show and shared a pics of True backstage as well as several videos of the performance on his Snapchat.
Chyna, real name Angela White, posted photos of Dream in her pink dress, including one showing the two outside. "Dream's the Queen," the Lashed Cosmetics founder wrote on her Instagram. "These are the moments I live for."
Rob, who was not seen in any pics shared on social media and has long stayed out of the spotlight, liked both his ex's post and Khloe's.
Khloe included in hers—which was also liked by proud grandmother Kris Jenner—several pics and videos of Dream, True and Chicago all looking glammed up. "Obviously none of our girls wear makeup like this regularly," she added. "This was for the recital only. They are beautiful just as they are."
She added, "Yesterday was super special," Khloe continued. "Memories for a lifetime."
The reality star's post earned a seal of approval from Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller, who commented, "Beautiful!!!!"
Read on to see more pics of the Kardashian kids' cutest moments over the years...
Just Dance
Kim Kardashian and Khloe Kardashian joined with Chicago West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson at their dance recital in June 2024.
Play Ball
Khloe also posted this pic of True Thompson with her little brother Tatum Thompson at the dance recital.
True Thompson and Chicago West honored their respective mothers, Khloe Kardashian and Kim Kardashian, in a mischievous way.
True and Chicago shared a sweet moment.
True and Psalm West showed their casts after breaking their arms in August 2023.
Khloe's daughter and Rob Kardashian's daughter Dream Kardashian posed for pics for St. Patrick's Day 2023.
Khloe shared this photo of her daughter True, plus cousins Penelope Disick, Saint West, North West, Reign Disick, Psalm West and Dream in February 2023. She wrote, "This photo was near a miracle to get lol...a handful of other other cousins were off running and playing."
Penelope Disick, North West, Dream Kardashian and True Thompson were all smiles in this February 2023 photo.
Chicago sand her dad Kanye West and XXXTENTACION's song "True Love" while sitting in a vehicle with her little brother Psalm West in October 2022.
...the song references his and Kim Kardashian's four children, but Chicago and Psalm did not perform those parts.
Khloe and True had Dream over for a sleepover in June 2023.
Kylie Jenner, Stormi Webster and Kris Jenner lip-synched one of the momager's confessional lines from The Kardashians in an October 2022 TikTok video.
In August 2022, Kim coined the acronym "best friends forever and ever" to describe True, Chicago and Dream.
Penelope Disick helped North West celebrate her 9th birthday with a "Camp North"-themed getaway to the wilderness with a group of BFFs.
"Today was incredible! Our girls had their first dance recital and they were perfection!!!!" Khloe shared in June 2022. "I am so proud of all four of my girls!"
The cousins celebrated True Thompson's fourth birthday during a cat-themed bash in April 2022.
Penelope and North snapped a video during True's birthday party.
Psalm accompanied True while playing with a furry friend.
The cousins had some fun in a play pen.
True and Dream had an epic dance party to Aqua's '90 hit song "Barbie Girl," which Khloe documented on Instagram.
The BFFs also performed and sang along to the massively popular song from Encanto "We Don't Talk About Bruno."
Could their dance moves be any cuter?!
Chicago, True and Stormi gave each other hugs and kisses in an adorable pic, shared by Kim on Sept. 1. "250 Million followers on IG. I love you guys!" Kim thanked her fans. "I wanted to post this pic because if I could get 250 million kisses from our babies my life would be complete." 
Chicago, True and Stormi showed off their fashion prowess in stylish outfits as they had a hug huddle on Sept. 1. 
Chicago looked back at aunt Khloe as she held hands with True on Aug. 4. 
Dream, Stormi, Chicago and True adorably went window shopping at The Grove on Aug. 4. "Cousins," Khloe captioned with a purple heart emoji.
Reign, Mason, Penelope and North set up a summer lemonade stand also selling custom bracelets. Even Scott received a custom "Lord" bracelet from "pooshalini" Penelope!
"The sweetest girls," Khloe Kardashian captioned a precious moment between cousins Dream Kardashian, True Thompson and Chicago West. 
Former E! star Natalie Halcro's daughter also joined the photo op. 
Dream, True and Chicago posed in matching purple leotards.
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.