Support independent journalism, free from the trades and other publications that are part of the tinsel town machine.
For 12 years, Showbiz411.com has been covering Hollywood, Broadway, the music business and the business of celebrity. Ads are our main source of funding, but contributions (not tax exempt) from readers who enjoy the scoops, exclusives, and fact based reports are always welcome and very appreciated. To inquire about ads, email us at showbiz411@gmail.com.
Share
Bella Hadid is the pro-Palestinian model and sister of model Gigi Hadid. Their father, Mohammed Hadid, has also been extremely vocal and adamant about denouncing Israel since Hamas attacked on October 7th. So have the young women.
Recently, Bella Hadid was featured in an Adidas ad campaign showing off classic sneakers from the Munich 1972 Olympics. That was the Olympics in which 11 Israeli athletes were murdered by a Palestinian terrorist group called Black September.
When the news of this offensive campaign hit, Adidas immediately removed the ads. They’d already been involved with Kanye West when he declared himself an antisemite. After hesitating, Adidas had to discontinue their entire business relationship with him.
Now Bella Hadid is throwing Adidas under the bus, blaming them for their insensitivity and her stupidity. She’s so uneducated that she says she’s never heard of the Munich massacre even though Steven Spielberg made an award winning movie about it called “Munich.”
Hadid now says there is no place for antisemitism in her pro Palestinian posts. But she says nothing about the Israeli hostages taken, raped, and or killed on October 7th. She is silent on the subject of the 12 Israeli children killed by Hezbollah this week.
Hadid’s apology falls on deaf ears. Yes, Adidas — a German company, which makes this so much worse —  is to blame for creating the campaign. But they’re also responsible for seeking out Hadid, who was notably antisemitic long before the ad. Their insensitivity is easily traceable to the Kanye West scandal. No one at the company made the connection between the Munich massacre and promoting sneakers in the first place?
As for Hadid, her Instagram account prominently features pro-Palestinian posts. Her apology is hidden passive aggressively in her Instagram Stories. Her father and sister have toned down their accounts, but the reality is, these people are indeed antisemitic and they doth protest too much. She also spells ‘waver’ wrong.
Showbiz411 is now in its 13th year of providing breaking and exclusive entertainment news. This is an independent site, unlike the many Hollywood trades that are owned by one company. To continue providing news that takes a fresh look at what's going on in movies, music, theater, etc, advertising is our basis. Reader donations would be greatly appreciated, too. They are just another facet of keeping fact based journalism alive.Thank you
Read more
Hollywood to the Hudson
Company
Trending
Categories
©	Showbiz411.com