With an upcoming album on the way, Kanye West was raging with Travis Scott.
During Travis Scott's CIRCUS MAXIMUS concert in Orlando, Florida, Kanye decided to surprise fans and hit the stage. The rapper performed My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy's Runaway, The Life of Pablo's Father Stretch My Hands Pt. 1, Graduation's Can't Tell Me Nothing, and MBDTF's All of the Lights. He was seen wearing a black puffer jacket with black pants and shoes and a Jason inspired mask.
Ty Dolla Sign was also there to perform The Life of Pablo's Fade and their new song, Vultures. Before going on stage, Travis posted on X, formerly known as Twitter, that "Orlando tonight is gonna be special."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: EXCLUSIVE: 'Emotional' Kanye West 'may be feeling angry' after furious bust-up with reporter
Fans of Ye were happy to see their favourite performing on stage again. One person wrote: "I was so shocked when he came out. It was fr amazing!!" Another person wrote in Spanish: "Imagine going to see Travis Scott and seeing that Kanye West was also there, The Goat did it again." Some fans even came at Kanye's defense and said that he would sell out shows, despite all the drama he has going on.
Kanye recently just wiped out his Instagram after posting about his new album and explicit photos of his wife Bianca Censori. The first part of the new Vultures album is to release on February 9. Kanye and Ty's album made headlines when they gave fans a sneak peek to the album at a listening party in Miami. the album will hopefully feature collaborations with Charlie Wilson, Freddie Gibbs, Quavo, Playboi Carti, Chris Brown, YG, Future, James Blake, Bump J, Lil Durk, Young Thug, Leon Bridges, Kid Cudi, Metro Boomin, India Love and his oldest daughter North.
Kanye has four children with his ex-wife and businesswoman Kim Kardashian. He married Bianca in December 2022 and have been seen with Kanye's kids. When she is alone with the rapper, Bianca is seen posing in close to nothing clothing. She was recently seen modeling a brown see through body suit, showing off her breast. Kanye declared 2024 to be the year of "no pants" as Bianca wore a black micro thong. In some of her outfits, she kept up the no-bottoms look as she posed with an black corset that only barely covered up anything.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.