By JAMES VITUSCKA FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  13:12, 7 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:14, 7 February 2024   
 1.5k
View  comments
Bianca Censori's parents are said to be in a state of 'distress' after seeing images of their nearly-naked daughter in public – further adding to their fears that she is being 'controlled' by her husband Kanye West.
The 29-year-old Australian architect struggled to protect her modesty while dressed in nothing but a transparent raincoat and knee-high black boots as she accompanied her rapper husband, 46, to a Los Angeles music studio on Monday.
While Bianca risked breaking California's indecent exposure laws, Kanye was layered up in a black top and joggers under his large cape and thick leather gloves. He completed his look with a black face mask featuring a leather panel slapped across the middle.
The couple's latest outing has further exacerbated concerns for her friends and family, according to insiders, who claim her parents barely even recognize their daughter anymore.
Bianca Censori struggled to protect her modesty as she arrived at an LA studio with Kanye West on Monday
The 29-year-old Australian architect wore nothing beneath her raincoat, going completely naked, bar a pair of knee high black boots
'Her family and friends are mortified because it just keeps getting worse and worse,' an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'Bianca clearly doesn't realize that what she wore isn't only disgusting and setting a bad example, but she is also potentially breaking the law.
'Meanwhile, Kanye is covered up in five layers of clothes and when his wife looked chilly while naked and wrapped in plastic he didn't so much as offer her one of his capes.'
In Californian law, the California Penal Code 314 PC defines the sex crime of 'indecent exposure.'
This statute prohibits willfully exposing your private parts in a public place in the presence of another person who might be annoyed or offended. 
The source continued: 'Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognize her.
'She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled.
'He continues to lock her in by giving her more stake and ownership over various projects that he has going on, including the clothing.'
According to a source close to Bianca, this latest outing has sparked serious concern amongst her loved ones, who are said to barely even recognize her
The pair walked hand in hand as they endured the Pineapple Express storm pummeling the West Coast with their waterproof attire
Bianca's dad Leo Censori (pictured) is said to be 'distressed' and 'doesn't recognize' his daughter 
Her mother Alexandra Censori (pictured in Australia), is also believed to be worried Bianca is being 'controlled' 
Kanye was previously accused of issuing his wife a set of rules to live by, which allegedly included not speaking, and eating only specific foods, as well as restrictions on what she can wear.
The couple secretly married on December 20, 2022 - just one month after he finalized his divorce from his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, with whom he has four children. 
Bianca's mother Alexandra and father Leo have previously voiced their concerns about their daughter's relationship with the musician and fashion designer.
In December, they were said to have been fearful that their daughter was simply a rebound in the wake of his divorce. 
'Bianca's mother and father find Kanye to be slightly disturbing,' a source close to the Yeezy architect told DailyMail.com at the time.
'Her parents found it suspect that he married Bianca one month after his divorce from Kim was finalized.
'They really didn't want Bianca to be his rebound from such a high-profile marriage.'
Bianca's family do not come without their own controversies, with her father having served time in jail following a conviction for possessing a prohibited heroin import and a loaded pistol.
Bianca and Kanye secretly married on December 20 last year - just one month after he finalized his divorce from his ex-wife Kim Kardashian
Kanye and wife Bianca were accused of public indecency by Italian authorities last August
Described as a 'heavy criminal figure' by a relative, Leo was reportedly marked for assassination in the 1990s and, aware that a threat often results in deadly reality, accepted a police guard.
Leo's former wife Faye Glascott claimed in an interview from 1991 that he had been involved in a cartel which controlled a large portion of the underworld gambling industry in the 1980s - and from which he had made a fortune.
Bianca has not spoken publicly about her family's history.
This also isn't the first time Bianca and Kanye have had brushes with law.
In September, the couple were banned for life by a Venetian boat rental company following an indecent exposure scandal in Venice, Italy.
They had been spotted enjoying an amorous moment on a water taxi which saw Kanye expose his bare buttocks in front of gawking tourists.
The American rapper was seated at the back of the boat while Bianca placed her head in his lap.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group