He’s protecting Swift’s reputation.
Music producer and frequent Taylor Swift collaborator Jack Antonoff is slamming Kanye West for his continued unprovoked attacks against the “Fearless” singer.
“I’m a little b–ch sometimes,” Antonoff, 39, told the Los Angeles Times prior to the 2024 Grammy Awards. “But you come after my friend Taylor, you’re toast to me.”
When asked about West, who has seemingly tried to reignite his feud with Swift, Antonoff laughed and said West, 46, “just needs his diaper changed so badly.”
“It’s been a long time since I would’ve taken Kanye’s call,” Antonoff said when  asked if he’s worried about roasting a potential collaborator. “I’m so incredibly bored when someone doesn’t have the sauce anymore, so they go elsewhere to shock. It’s just a remarkable waste of space.”
The “Bleachers” frontman, who is a very close friend of the singer, noted that anyone who doubts the “Blank Space” singer’s talent “is like challenging someone’s faith in God.”
He added: “You just don’t go there.”
Antonoff and Swift, 34, have worked together since 2013, when the pair worked on her fifth studio album “1989.”
Following its massive success, Swift continued working with the New Jersey native on “Reputation” and has remained by his side ever since. Antonoff is expected to play some role in the songstress’ upcoming record “The Tortured Poets Department,” which was announced at the Grammy Awards.
West attempted to restart his one-sided war with Swift when he name-dropped her in his brand-new and controversial album “Vultures 1.”
“Why she say she sucked my d–k / Then she say she ain’t sucked my d–k / She gon’ take it up the a– like a ventriloquist / I made six Taylor Swift since I had the Rollie on the wrist,” West raps.
West later changed his tune when he slammed Swifties, the name for the singer’s legion of fans, for purposefully attempting to deny his album the No. 1 slot on the Billboard charts.
The accusation came after one of Swift’s fans declared a “Swiftie emergency” on X (formerly Twitter).
“SWIFTIE EMERGENCY,” read the tweet from the now-private account. “Beyonce’s new single ‘Texas Hold ‘Em’ is challenging Kanye West for #1 debut on Billboard Hot 100.”
“Let’s buy and stream Texas Hold ‘Em to block him from the top spot,” the die-hard fan continued. “Remember, he dragged Taylor on his latest Instagram story.”
West later shared a screenshot of the tweet blasting the user.
“When I said that I’m the new Jesus b–ch I wasn’t even thinking about Taylor Swift,” West ranted on Instagram. “That was a whole line before but I appreciate the free promo.”
“Lil Wayne actually mentions Travis Kelce on ‘Vultures 2,’” continued the rapper, who claimed his new music is actually “super positive and fun” and “triumphant.”
“Last year was incredibly challenging for me, my wife, my children, friends and family,” he went on, referring to the fallout after his antisemitic rants. “I’ve been banned from hotels, kicked out of companies, and even not allowed to eat in some restaurants.”
The “Heartless” singer argued that he was on Swift’s side during her spat with her former manager Scooter Braun and even claimed that Swift and Beyoncé, 42, served as musical inspirations.
“I’m sure I’ve been far more helpful to Taylor Swift’s career than harmful,” West proclaimed. “To all Taylor Swift fans, I am not your enemy uuum I’m not your friend either though lol.”
West and Swift started having bad blood in 2009 when West infamously hopped onto the MTV Video Music Awards stage during her acceptance speech and declared that Beyoncé “had one of the best videos of all time.”
West later stirred up controversy when he said he “made that bitch famous” in his 2016 song “Famous,” referring to Swift. He claimed he didn’t mean to diss Swift and that the duo “had an hourlong convo with her about the line, and she thought it was funny and gave her blessings.”
Swift later refuted the allegation.
Tensions were further heightened when Kim Kardashian, who was married to West at the time, posted what appeared to be the entire conversation on her Snapchat, which seemed to indicate that Swift was lying.
According to Swift, the incident was among the “horrendous things that happened” to her and called the experience “getting canceled within an inch of my life and sanity.”
“You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar,” Swift told Time magazine after being named 2023’s Person of the Year. “That took me down psychologically to a place I’ve never been before.”
In 2020, the real version of the call was leaked online by an unknown party and vindicated Swift.
Advertisement