By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:43, 20 March 2024   |  Updated:  18:58, 10 August 2024   
 1.6k
View  comments
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori stunned onlookers as she stepped out in Los Angeles on Tuesday wearing a racy look inspired by his ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
The Yeezy employee, 29, and the rapper, 46 — who is behind Bianca's X-rated makeover — were spotted exiting a building together in West Hollywood.
She had on a metallic silver micro miniskirt and thong underwear that exposed her bare butt cheeks as well as a busty triangle bikini top. 
Bianca's outfit looked straight out of Kim's closet.
Kim, 43, is an avid wearer of silver bikinis and her clothing brand SKIMS famously released a metallic swimwear line in the summer of 2022. 
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori (left) stunned onlookers as she stepped out in Los Angeles on Tuesday wearing a racy outfit inspired by his ex-wife Kim Kardashian (right in 2018)
The Yeezy employee, 29, and the rapper, 46, were spotted exiting a building together in West Hollywood
She had on a metallic silver micro miniskirt and thong underwear that exposed her bare butt cheeks 
Bianca strolled the pavement in sandals and rocked silver eyeshadow with her hair was slicked back in a bun.
Bianca did not have a purse with her but she did keep her iPhone in hand. 
She led the way out of the LA office building as Kanye trailed behind her. 
In contrast to his wife, the hitmaker was bundled up in a baggy all-black outfit.
He had on a long-sleeve top, oversized joggers, Yeezy boots and sunglasses.
The couple — who wed in December 2022 — slipped into the backseat of a chauffeured SUV and made their way to a new destination.
They grabbed ice-cream at a local ice-cream shop and Bianca emerged with a cone.
Kanye and Bianca ended their errands with a stop at a tanning salon on Melrose Avenue.
The day prior, Bianca shocked diners at a local Cheesecake Factory restaurant by wearing a see-through, neon green tights and a beige tube top to lunch.
Earlier that same day, Kanye was seen pulling down the model's tights after he wrapped a meeting in Beverly Hills.
She also wore a busty triangle bikini top
In contrast to his wife, the hitmaker was bundled up in a baggy all-black outfit 
The couple — who wed in December 2022 — slipped into the backseat of a chauffeured SUV and made their way to a new destination
Kanye has been parading Bianca around in the world in X-rated looks after secretly tying the knot in December 2022 — just weeks after he finalized his divorce from Kim.
She shocked last month by wearing sheer stockings for pants in Paris after going nude under a see-through raincoat in LA. 
A source previously told DailyMail.com that Bianca's parents are 'mortified' at seeing their daughter in racy looks and that they just seems to be 'getting worse and worse.'
'Her parents are so distressed over this because they do not recognize her. She would not be doing this unless she was being controlled,' the insider said.
Some of her loved ones even reportedly staged an intervention with Bianca over West's alleged 'controlling ways'.
Just last week Bianca's mother Alexandra reportedly flew out from their native Australia to Los Angeles in the hopes of 'saving' her daughter, according to sources close to the family.
A source told DailyMail.com that Alexandra is taking time 'to see for herself' if Bianca really does have everything 'under control' as she claims.
'This has been a wonderful opportunity for Alexandra to get to spend time with Bianca and assess the situation for herself.'
Her fears have reportedly been eased during this time with Bianca and West as an insider claimed the rapper 'knows how to sweet talk a mom'.
'Right now is a pivotal time and Alexandra was low-key believing she would come to save her daughter,' the source said.
They grabbed ice-cream at a local ice-cream shop and Bianca emerged with a cone
Kanye and Bianca ended their errands with a stop at a tanning salon on Melrose Avenue
Bianca rocked silver eyeshadow with her hair was slicked back in a bun
'But this is not the case. Kanye has started to turn things around since the release of [his new album] Vultures in the sense that he is not going off on as many unhinged rants.
'He also knows how to sweet talk a mom,' the source added. 'This has been really a good experience, and everyone is so relieved to see her with Alexandra.'
The insider claimed that a desire to be involved in the lives of any future grandchildren may also be a driving force.
Recently, insiders claimed to DailyMail.com that Bianca's father Leo is keen on confronting the rapper over his daughter's X-rated makeover and how he's paraded her around like a 'trophy pony.'
'Leo honestly wants to just sit Kanye down to let him know that he is hurting her family by turning his beloved daughter into a trashy-looking marketable commodity,' they said.
'No man should ever encourage the woman that he loves to walk out in public and present herself like this. That isn't love. That is control.'
Bianca's family have also questioned how Kanye would feel in the future if a man was treating his daughters with Kim Kardashian in the same way.
'He knows that there is no way in hell that Kanye would allow this for his daughters so it makes no sense why he would encourage this for his own wife.'
Kim filed for divorce from Kanye in February 2021 after six years of marriage and four children together; seen in 2019
Kanye and Bianca tied the knot in December 2022 - weeks after his and Kim's divorce was finalized; the couple seen in February
As for Bianca's relationship with Kim, a source previously told DailyMail.com exclusively that the pair are 'amicable' but that Kim has taken issue with Bianca dressing provocatively in front of her and Kanye's four children.
The exes share North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four. 
Kim allegedly warned Kanye to tell Bianca to 'cover up' around the kids, which the 29-year-old brunette has seemingly obliged. 
‘Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids,’ a source dished. ‘She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.’ 
Last week, Kim was spotted with Bianca along with her kids Chicago and Psalm in the audience during Kanye's Vultures listening party in San Francisco.
It marked the first time that the women were photographed together. 
Sources told DailyMail.com that Kim's appearance was part of a 'concerted effort' by the reality star to put on a 'united front' with her ex-husband and his new wife.
A clip of Bianca and Kim standing side-by-side at the event went viral on social media, with fans wondering 'what' the women could have been speaking about.
Allowing them to continue with this form of dressi...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group