By CONNIE RUSK and REBECCA LAWRENCE FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:34, 28 February 2024   |  Updated:  16:41, 28 February 2024   
 131
View  comments
Bianca Censori has finally covered up after shocking Europe with her X-rated outfits. 
On Tuesday night, the Yeezy architect, 29, wore her most explicit outfit to date as she went underwear free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing.
But as Bianca stepped out in Paris on Wednesday with the rapper, 46, she decided to ditch her typically skimpy looks in favour of a leather trench. 
The rare move came after reports Bianca could face prison or a fine of €15,000 after testing the laws of exhibitionism in the city with Tuesday's racy outfit. 
Kanye, meanwhile, covered his face in a black mask and an all black waterproof outfit as the couple left The Ritz and headed for lunch. 
Bianca Censori covered up as she stepped out in Paris with husband Kanye West on Wednesday, after wearing her raciest look to date 
Bianca wore the oversized trench over fishnet tights and black kitten heels
On Tuesday night, Bianca wore her most explicit outfit to date as she went underwear free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing 
Bianca wore the oversized trench over fishnet tights and black kitten heels. She accessorised with earrings showing the middle finger which Kanye had worn as a necklace a day prior. 
While she was covered up, it appeared Kanye's 'muse' had once again turned to hosiery as part of her look. 
The couple certainly caught the attention from onlookers who battled to try to get an autograph from the Golddigger hitmaker. 
The outfit wasn't too dissimilar from when Kim headed out in Paris back in 2020 with Kanye. 
Bianca's friends have expressed ongoing fears the rapper is manipulating his so-called 'wife' – and many believe his latest actions continue to highlight a pattern of 'controlling' behaviour.
On Tuesday night, Bianca did not attempt to conceal her genitals or bare backside in the garment as crowds of shocked onlookers rushed to take pictures.
She also did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under a cropped fur coat as she returned to the Ritz Hotel with hoodie-clad Kanye after enjoying dinner at Ferdi.
While Kanye's 'muse' may be no stranger to exposing her body in public, her latest act could cause trouble with French officials if she is found in breach of their decency laws. 
Article 222-32 of the new penal code (applicable since 1 March 1994) stipulates: 'Deliberate sexual display in the sight of others in a place accessible to the public gaze is punishable by one year in prison and a fine of one hundred thousand francs. [€15,000]'
As Bianca stepped out in Paris on Wednesday with the rapper, 46, she decided to ditch her typically skimpy looks in favour of a leather trench 
The outfit wasn't too dissimilar from when Kim headed out in Paris back in 2020 with Kanye 
The couple drew quite a crowd as they left The Ritz and headed out for lunch 
While she was covered up, it appeared Kanye's 'muse' had once again turned to hosiery as part of her look
The rare move came after reports Bianca could face prison or a fine of €15,000 after testing the laws of exhibitionism in the city with Tuesday's racy outfit 
The rapper stopped to sign autographs for fans as they left The Ritz and headed to lunch 
Bianca treated the pavement like a catwalk as she left the five star hotel hand in hand with Kanye 
The two appeared in high spirits as they left the fancy hotel for the day in the midst of Fashion Week 
While Kanye's 'wife and muse' may be no stranger to exposing her body in public, her latest act could cause trouble with French officials if she is found in breach of their decency laws
Nudity itself does not equal indecency, however, with the legislator stipulating: 'The charge has been worded in such a way as to rule out any possibility of proceedings against persons practising naturism in places specially designated for this purpose.' 
This isn't the first time, Bianca has risked a run-in with the law due to her wild antics on holiday. 
Last year, Bianca ran the risk of a €10,000 fine and imprisonment during the couple's trip to Italy, where she had been walking around 'virtually naked' in the European nation. 
According to the Italian Constitutional Court, a fine from 5,000 to 10,000 euros can be issued, or whoever exposes in a place or nearby to a place attended by minors, may be sentenced from four months to four years imprisonment. 
For one outing Bianca went braless in a skintight see through all-in-one and at some points was forced to cover her nipples with a black cross-body bag.
Italian locals branded the Kim Kardashian lookalike's outfits 'disrespectful' on social media, with some saying the 'immodest' couple are no longer welcome in a country known for its conservative Catholic heritage. 
Bianca and Kanye were also investigated by police after they were caught on camera in a compromising position during their Italian holiday.
MailOnline has contacted Bianca's representatives and the French embassy for comment. 
She also did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under her cropped fur coat
Bianca's face looked to be free of makeup and she wore her raven locks slicked back 
The tights left nothing to the imagination as she made her way towards the restaurant entrance
Kanye was spotted following closely behind his nearly-nude wife
Last year, Bianca ran the risk of a €10,000 fine and imprisonment during the couple's trip to Italy, where she had been walking around 'virtually naked' in the European nation 
Bianca and Kanye were also investigated by police after they were caught on camera in a compromising position during their Italian holiday 
Bianca has paraded around the world with Kanye in barely there looks since they tied the knot in 2022.
However, insiders recently claimed to DailyMail.com that Kanye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian warned the rapper to tell Bianca to 'cover up' around their children.
Bianca's underwear-free outing in Paris came just one day after she was on stepmum duty with Kanye's eldest daughter North West, 10.
The rapper also shares Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four, with Kim. 
Kim and Bianca are said to have an 'amicable' relationship but the risqué fashion in front of the kids has become an issue for her.
'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids,' a source told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.'
Unlike Bianca's raunchy wardrobe, Kim was asked to change her outfits if Kanye felt she was showing too much skin, with the artist heavily influencing her fashion choices during their seven-year marriage.
'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout heir marriage,' DailyMail.com's source continued. 'The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through – but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into.'
Kim filed for divorce in February 2021 just before what would have been the pair's seventh wedding anniversary.
Bianca's underwear-free outing in Paris came just one day after she was on stepmum duty with Kanye's eldest daughter North West, 10 
Kanye's ex-wife Kim Kardashian warned the rapper to tell Bianca to 'cover up' around their children: North, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four
She was declared legally single March 2022 while in the midst of a hot and heavy romance with now-ex boyfriend SNL alum Pete Davidson.
In November 2022, Kim and Kanye's divorce was finalized, with Kanye agreeing to pay $200,000 a month in child support and equal custody.
Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca in December 2022 in what was thought a non-legal wedding as it appeared they did not file a marriage certificate.
However in mid-October 2023, it was reported that they did in fact get legally married and that it took place last year due to 'religious reasons,' per Us Weekly.
Bianca Censori's outrageous looks as Kanye West's wife shocks Europe once again by going underwear free in most X-rated outfit to date 
Bianca Censori shocked onlookers once again as she wore her most explicit outfit to date in Paris on Tuesday night. 
The wife and 'muse' of Kanye West, 29, went underwear free beneath a pair of sheer stockings during a public outing with the rapper, 46. 
It is not the first time Bianca risked facing prison or a fine of €15,000 for testing the laws of exhibitionism with her looks getting increasingly racier. 
There was also grave concern from Bianca's inner circle, who insisted her behaviour was not a reflection of who she really is, but rather a result of Kanye's influence over her. 
Here we take a look at Bianca's most outrageous looks from barely there bodysuits to wearing nothing underneath sheer raincoats. 
Paris Fashion Week hosiery 
Bianca Censori shocked onlookers once again as she wore her most explicit outfit to date in Paris on Tuesday night 
The Yeezy architect wore her most explicit outfit to date as she went underwear free under sheer tights on Tuesday. 
Bianca did not attempt to conceal her genitals or bare backside in the garment as crowds of shocked onlookers rushed to take pictures.
She also did not appear to be wearing a shirt or bra under a cropped fur coat as she returned to the Ritz Hotel with hoodie-clad Kanye after enjoying dinner at Ferdi.
While Kanye's 'muse' may be no stranger to exposing her body in public, her latest act could cause trouble with French officials if she is found in breach of their decency laws. 
Milan Fashion Week underwear-free bodysuit
Bianca left almost nothing to the imagination as she wore an incredibly risqué outfit to the Marni show during Milan Fashion Week last week
The Australian fashion designer donned a daring black bodysuit that barely contained her curves
Bianca went braless in the revealing garment which also featured a matching strap along the sides as she joined her husband on the front row 
Bianca left almost nothing to the imagination as she wore an incredibly risqué outfit to the Marni show during Milan Fashion Week last week. 
The Australian fashion designer donned a daring black bodysuit that barely contained her curves.
Bianca went braless in the revealing garment which also featured a matching strap along the sides. 
Kanye declares Bianca  will be wearing LESS clothes than ever before 
Last month, Kanye declared his wife Bianca will be wearing even less clothes in 2024, after sharing a slew of racy snaps to his Instagram account
The controversial rapper - known as Ye - posted three separate pictures of Bianca to his 18.4M followers, with one captioned: 'No pants this year
Bianca wore a latex head mask as she posed to the side 
He also posted a picture of her walking out of the shower of lavish hotel room, looking down at her feet dressed in black, knee-high boots and nearly spilling out of her tiny outfit
Last month, Kanye declared his wife Bianca will be wearing even less clothes in 2024, after sharing a slew of racy snaps to his Instagram account.
The controversial rapper - known as Ye - posted three separate pictures of Bianca to his 18.4M followers, with one captioned: 'No pants this year'.
Kanye showed off his wife who donned a skimpy, fur bra top, which revealed her ample assets, and nothing else but a micro thong.
He also posted a picture of her walking out of the shower of lavish hotel room, looking down at her feet dressed in black, knee-high boots and nearly spilling out of her tiny outfit. 
Nearly naked Super Bowl outfit 
Bianca went nearly-naked as she partied after the Super Bowl. The Australian designer flashed her bust and posterior in an ill-fitting tan bodysuit
Bianca went nearly-naked as she partied after the Super Bowl. 
The Australian designer flashed her bust and posterior in an ill-fitting tan bodysuit - forcing her to cover her chest as she suffered continual wardrobe malfunctions.
The garment - which she wore without underwear - revealed nearly all of the star's body as she danced with fellow revelers.
Her locks were worn slicked back from her face and she sported a light touch of make-up.
Bianca was seen constantly readjusting the outfit as she danced, with her sideboob on display. 
Poncho raincoat
Kanye's wife also wore a sheer raincoat with absolutely nothing underneath earlier this month as she made a head-turning arrival to a Los Angeles music studio 
Kanye's wife also wore a sheer raincoat with absolutely nothing underneath earlier this month as she made a head-turning arrival to a Los Angeles music studio alongside her mask-clad husband.
The Australian architect opted to go completely naked beneath her poncho bar a pair of knee high black boots.
Branding across the front of the coat helped shield her ample chest, yet she was forced to place her hand over her groin to protect her modesty.
The bizarre look has been heavily criticised online, with one person writing on X, formerly Twitter: 'What is wrong with this couple? I just don't get it. Why?'
Another questioned: 'This has to be illegal. This is literally public indecency,' while a third individual added: 'No love, this is not fashion.'
Crude details 
Bianca pictured in January turning heads with a top and shorts combo while going braless
The couple did their best to shock onlookers yet again as they headed to a tanning salon in Los Angeles last month. 
Bianca ensured all eyes would be on her as she went braless in a tight white vest with 'wet' emblazoned across the chest.
Yet it wasn't her top that proved to be the most racy part of her ensemble as a closer inspection of her tiny black shorts revealed a very crude element.
A small hole was visible at the front of the pants, which is designed to accommodate sex toys.
The Packer Gear pants can be bought in sex shops for $50 and can be used on both men and women.
Nude bodysuits and stuffed toy animals 
Late last year, Bianca wore a slew of increasingly more bizarre ensembles , including nude sheer tops and a silver string bodysuit – all of which she teamed with oversized stuffed toys (pictured left). Pictured right, Bianca in Italy wearing a nude jumpsuit 
Bianca commanded attention earlier this month in LA when sporting a statement headpiece and matching coat
During their time in Florence, Verona and Rome in 2023, the rapper and his wife shocked with their bizarre outfit choices, with Kanye regularly seen out barefoot and Bianca often barely clothed. 
Yet they took things a step further in Venice, when they were accused of performing a lewd sex act on a river boat, with Kanye seen exposing his bare buttocks while Bianca kneeled in front of him. 
Their bizarre behaviour prompted fury from Italian locals who declared the couple 'banned' from the country, and their antics even sparked a police investigation.
There was also grave concern from Bianca's inner circle, who insisted her behaviour was not a reflection of who she really is, but rather a result of Kanye's influence over her. 
Meanwhile, late last year, Bianca wore a slew of increasingly more bizarre ensembles, including nude sheer tops and a silver string bodysuit – all of which she teamed with oversized stuffed toys.
In January, Kanye shared a series of revealing snaps of his wife on Instagram.  He first posted a trio of pictures of Bianca to his 18.4million Instagram followers, showing her dressed in a black string bikini top and thong.
The rapper declared there will be 'no pants this year,' alongside one image of her in a string thong and fur bralette, while another showing her spilling out of a barely-there top, read: 'Dropped sumn?' 
Kanye's post raised eyebrows as he had previously criticized his ex Kim Kardashian for being 'overly sexualized,' while promoting her SKIMS brand, and once also claimed the wet look Thierry Mugler dress she wore to the 2019 Met Gala was 'too sexy'.
Bianca and Kanye secretly wed in December 2022, just one month after he finalized his divorce from Kim Kardashian, 43. 
Since then, friends have expressed ongoing fears that the rapper is manipulating his so-called 'wife' – and many believe his latest actions continue to highlight a pattern of 'controlling' behaviour.
In his latest stunt, Kanye is said to have banned Bianca from using social media to protect her from negative comments, according to insiders, who claim her friends believe it's really another tactic to further 'isolate' her.
Despite the architectural designer's loved ones staging an intervention concerning her relationship with the rapper and his 'controlling ways,' her husband appears to have changed her attitude towards social media.
Bianca's earlier outfits showed her going braless in crop tops and leggings 
'Bianca has always had social media and she was active on it – until she married Kanye,' an insider exclusively told DailyMail.com.
'He doesn’t want her to have it because he thinks that it will hurt her if she had to read the nasty things that people say. 
'He convinced her that, since she is a star now, she has to remain a mystery and it is creepy to those who know her as it feels like another form of control.'
However, friends have taken issue with the fact Kanye is posting racy images of his wife on his own Instagram account – despite allegedly claiming she needs protection.
The insider added: 'He is pushing her nakedness all over his own [account] so that he can control her narrative. It is disturbing, and by shutting her off from the world he is causing her to become more and more isolated.'
Friends are said to be stunned to see the usually assertive designer going along with Kanye's demands as the source stressed: 'This strong Bianca that was not going to deal with his s*** anymore has seemingly vanished once again.
'She is wearing what he wants, going where he wants and doing what he wants because she really has no other choice. She went from being his designer to his wife, which is unfortunately, not a paid position. She’s trapped.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group