By CARLY JOHNSON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  04:43, 19 September 2024   |  Updated:  07:25, 19 September 2024   
 115
View  comments
Kim Kardashian turned heads as she stepped out in her hometown of Calabasas on Wednesday rocking a skimpy outfit.
The SKIMS founder, 43, pulled up to a building in the area in her one-of-a-kind custom Tesla Cybertruck.
She was joined by her elite entourage, including high-fashion photographer Indiana 420.
Kim nearly spilled out of a tiny tan Miu Miu tube top styled with a matching pencil skirt.
The sexy coord showed off her famous hourglass curves and chiseled abs.
Kim Kardashian turned heads as she stepped out in her hometown of Calabasas on Wednesday rocking a skimpy outfit
Kim gave her petite 5foot2inch frame a boost by strutting down the sidewalk in clear platform heels.
The reality TV star's long raven hair looked incredibly shiny and healthy as it flowed past her waist.
As for her makeup, Kim rocked her go-to natural glam look courtesy of celebrity makeup artist Ariel Tejada.
She coated her lashes with black mascara, sculpted her features with a radiant contour powder and drew eyes to her plump pout with a nude-tone lipstick.
Kim exuded confidence as she made her way in and out of a nearby office building her sexy outfit.
Despite wearing six inch heels, Kim climbed into the driver's seat of her pricey Tesla vehicle.
It's just one of the many custom luxury cars sitting in the driveway of Kim's $60million mansion in LA's Hidden Hills.
She got her first Cybertruck in February 2024 and introduced a matte black Cybertruck to her car collection in May.
Kim nearly spilled out of a tiny tan Miu Miu tube top styled with a matching pencil skirt
The SKIMS founder, 43, pulled up to a building in the area in her one-of-a-kind custom Tesla Cybertruck
The Cybertruck she was seen driving Wednesday has been customized with an eye-catching metallic silver wrap. 
Kim's outing in LA with her crew comes days after she sent her four kids back to school after an idyllic summer break.
She shares North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five, with ex-husband Kanye West, 47. 
On Tuesday, she uploaded snaps of all four of her children on the first day of the new academic year.
The entrepreneur showed her brood in their uniforms before sending them off for a day of learning. 
She wrote in a caption to her 360 million followers: 'School daze are upon us.' 
One photo showed her oldest child North snapping a selfie with her mom and three younger siblings.
Kim was casually dressed in a black sports bra, leggings, and an oversized jacket with a white graphic print.
Kim's custom Tesla Cybertruck is just one of the many custom luxury cars sitting in the driveway of Kim's $60million mansion in LA's Hidden Hills; seen in August
The Cybertruck she was seen driving Wednesday has been customized with an eye-catching metallic silver wrap.
For her return to classes, North wore her dark and curly hair in long box braids, styling them in a half-up/half-down style with two space buns.
She threw up a peace sign and smiled big in the trio of images posted by her famous mother.
She and her sister Chicago — who also rocked box braids — wore matching uniforms that included navy blue shirts and matching plaid skirts.
Saint wore a navy blue uniform of shorts, a shirt, and a gray zip-up sweatshirt.
Meanwhile, Psalm, the youngest of the bunch, wore khaki shorts and a red shirt.
Kim's post has so far racked up more than 1.6 million likes from her loyal fanbase, and she received a slew of comments praising her for being such a proud parent.
Comments on the post included: 'This is why I love you.. [YOU'RE] A GREAT MOM!'
'Kimberly how is everyone so grown uppp; These kids are adorable, just like mom;
Kim's outing in LA with her crew comes days after she sent her four kids back to school after an idyllic summer break
She shares North, 11, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five, with ex-husband Kanye West, 47
On Tuesday, she uploaded snaps of all four of her children on the first day of the new academic year
'I'm sorry WHEN DID THEY GET SO BIG; Northie looks so grown up she looks like you Kim.'
And others reacted to how much the tots have grown.
'It's like chi grew in 24 seconds. she's a little lady,' a fan wrote about Kim's third child.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group