Getty Image / Arnold Jerocki
Kanye West‘s failed Donda Academy was abruptly shut down in October 2022 in the wake of West making antisemitic remarks and in the time since, the stories of school have been wild like how there were no classes on the 2nd floor of the building because, according to two former teachers, Kanye “afraid of stairs.”
On Tuesday, a lawsuit was filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court with some truly wild allegations made against Kanye West.
The allegations include Kanye West comparing himself to Hitler “minus the gas chambers” in a text message to a former Donda Academy employee.
The 47-page lawsuit also claims that Kanye West wanted to shave the kids’ heads and lock them in cages at school.
Other allegations include Kanye claiming employees could be fired for being fat, that he used $2 million of the school’s budgeted money for a trip to Paris, and that employees were forced to do renovations on the property without proper permits.
An NBC News article from Tuesday lays out many of the horrible new allegations made against Kanye West during his disastrous time with the Donda Academy. As a side note coming from a parent’s perspective, has anyone heard Kanye West apologize for the major life disruption kids went through having to change schools to Donda Academy and then change again after it quickly failed? Stability is crucial to early childhood development and education.
The lawsuit was filed by former employee Trevor Phillips who claims he was fired during a Sunday service at the school due to some issue with the school’s garden. The NBC News article excerpt on the firing is quite disturbing:
When a tearful Phillips told Ye that his daughter attended Donda and that he was grateful for the job because of a potentially serious medical condition, Ye allegedly responded with an expletive-laden “tantrum” in which the musician disparaged Phillips and his child, according to the suit. Ye then allegedly told Phillips: “I was going to punch you in the face.”
The new lawsuit against Kanye West is seeking $35,000 in damages. 
The lawsuit also includes previous allegations made in other lawsuits such as kids were only fed sushi, no outside books were allowed, and windows were left empty because Kanye allegedly doesn’t like glass, chairs, and artwork.