Kanye West returned to Instagram with a bang on Wednesday as he shared a string of revealing snaps of wife Bianca Censori.
While the pair had been pictured out and about in provocative attire in recent months, the latest social media uploads were her raciest look yet, leaving very little to the imagination. It had many of his fans in uproar as they slammed his two-faced approach in recent year - with many also accusing him of trying to convert her into a Kim Kardashian lookalike.
The micro thong look Bianca was photographed wearing even came from Kim's shapewear brand SKIMS to further enhance the accusations. However, for the pair's next move, a PR expert branded Ye "unpredictable" ahead of Bianca's 29th birthday bash.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West 'blames new wife Bianca Censori for not being pregnant' after a year together
PR expert Matt Yanofsky told the Mirror: "Kanye is unpredictable always and even more so lately. Given his New Year's post that Bianca will not wear pants this year, all we can predict is she will just be wearing underwear [at her birthday]."
He continued: "From a PR POV, Kanye needs to be seen with celebrities more than he needs to flaunt a big party. Co-signs from major rappers and celebs after his issues would help him more than anything. The problem is, given how Nicki Minaj rejected him, nobody major wants to support him or his wife right now. Given all his business issues, he should save his money before blowing out millions to have Z listers attend to pad his ego."
Matt added that Kanye's "apology" over the holidays wasn't well received, either. The star had penned a statement regarding his vile antisemitic comments and opinions after he was threatened by an Israeli MMA fighter with a missile with his name.
In an Instagram post, Ye made a statement that was written in Hebrew. The post translated: "I sincerely apologise to the Jewish community for any unintended outburst caused by my words or actions, it was not my intention to hurt or disrespect, and I deeply regret any pain I may have caused."
However, Matt said people joked the statement was produced by ChatGPT. "If he really wants to rebound, he should cancel all events, fly to Israel, and volunteer to help injured IDF soldiers alongside Jerry Seinfeld - that would get people talking," Matt said. "He needs to put actions behind his words and show that his apology was real. Only actions are going to save him."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.