You can go too far in fashion. 

When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Here’s how it works.

Bianca Censori has turned heads multiple times in recent months for her provocative fashion choices that range from wearing nothing but body tape to small underwear to ring in the "year of no pants." These bold looks have come with consequences for Kanye West's new wife, such as a request from Kim Kardashian not to dress that way in front of her children, but it's looking like her latest ensemble could result in a fine or even jail time. 
Paris Fashion Week is a time to try new things, but I would also argue it's a time when wearing less clothing might indicate you're doing it wrong. TMZ reported that Bianca Censori was shopping around the town rocking a fur coat and leggings that were entirely see-through. Furthermore, Censori was not wearing any underwear and was exposing her full butt and genitals to onlookers and the cameras of the paparazzi.
Kanye West and Bianca Censori had to know they'd make headlines for this latest clothing stunt, but what they might not know is that France has decency laws. While the country does have nude beaches and "naturist vacation destinations," the Explore France website lays out the law that has been applicable since 1994 pretty clearly. It reads that any "deliberate sexual display in the sight of others in a place accessible to the public gaze is punishable by one year in prison and a fine of one hundred thousand francs." 
For those in the United States, that equates to $113,703 and some change. I'm assuming that's not a fine Kanye West would like to pay anytime soon, as he spent yesterday on Instagram complaining in a now-deleted post about a massive lawsuit Adidas filed against him tied to the Yeezy line of shoes. 
As for whether or not Censori will actually face consequences from the French authorities, that remains to be seen. It's possible she may skate away with a warning and an instruction to have the alleged in-house fashion team that chooses Bianca Censori's clothes start picking stuff that covers up genitalia, at the very least. 
Is Bianca Censori really not allowed to have social media?
Bianca Censori potentially seeing jail time or a fine for public indecency is just the latest legal trouble for Kanye West. The rapper is also facing pressure from Ozzy Osbourne, who didn't appreciate him using a sample from the Black Sabbath song "Iron Man" after he declined his initial request to use it. 
There are still chances for Bianca Censori and Kanye West to stir up drama overseas as the rapper is promoting his latest album, Vultures 1. Perhaps if they have to pay an indecency fine now, it could prevent them from landing in more trouble on their next stop, but who can say? It's getting progressively harder to guess what West and his wife may do, which plays into the amount of publicity they've gotten so far this year. 
Your Daily Blend of Entertainment News
Readers can trust CinemaBlend to track the newsworthy moments from Kanye West and Bianca Censori, and they can get back to checking out what's up next on the 2024 TV Schedule. We're on the verge of peak television season for the start of the year, so check out what all is available and start scheduling those DVRs!
Mick Joest is a Content Producer for CinemaBlend with his hand in an eclectic mix of television goodness. Star Trek is his main jam, but he also regularly reports on happenings in the world of Star Trek, WWE, Doctor Who, 90 Day Fiancé, Quantum Leap, and Big Brother. He graduated from the University of Southern Indiana with a degree in Journalism and a minor in Radio and Television. He's great at hosting panels and appearing on podcasts if given the chance as well.
Paget Brewster Shared The Story Behind A Wardrobe Mishap She Had While Working With Matthew Perry On Friends, And The 'Gentlemanly' Way He Handled It
Christopher Meloni Revealed F-Bomb-Filled Things People Yell At Him While Filming Law And Order On The Streets Of NYC: 'That Kind Of Blew That Take'
Star Wars: Tales Of The Underworld Reveals How Asajj Ventress Came Back To Life, And I Had To Ask About The Major Moment

Cinemablend is part of Future US Inc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site.

©
Future US, Inc. Full 7th Floor, 130 West 42nd Street,
New York,
NY 10036.