Kanye West is reportedly being investigated by police after being accused of punching a man in the face after the stranger ‘sexually assaulted’ Bianca Censori on a night out in Los Angeles.
The 46-year-old rapper, who also goes by Ye, allegedly hit the unnamed man after he ‘pushed or grabbed’ his wife, 29.
However, West’s team fiercely dispute that Censori was simply ‘grabbed’ and claim the man ‘put his hands under her dress’.
This sparked retaliation from the Yeezy founder who punched him, although it’s not believed he needed treatment for any injuries.
The man then filed a battery report with the Los Angeles Police Department as West and Censori left the scene, according to TMZ.
Officers were called to Sunset Boulevard around 12.30am on Wednesday after receiving reports of an incident, LAPD confirmed to NBC News, however West was not there when they arrived.
A police spokesman said that the alleged victim, who has not been identified, told officers that the US star punched him in the face multiple times.
In a statement to Metro.co.uk, West’s team previously claimed: ‘”Grabbed” is grossly inadequate as a description of what happened. Bianca was physically assaulted. 
‘The assailant didn’t merely collide into her. He put his hands under her dress, directly on her body, he grabbed her waist, he spun her around, and then he blew her kisses. 
‘She was battered and sexually assaulted.’
It’s thought the LAPD are planning to reach out to West’s team for their side of the story, as well as any witnesses.
The assault came just hours after the couple was seen walking around Disneyland California, with the architect wearing bandages on her feet but no shoes.
Disney has a strict policy on wearing footwear in the park but the famous pair tested the limits on what is considered acceptable, as always.
The clothing restrictions at the theme park insist on no ‘inappropriate’ outfits, which includes anyone being barefoot.
‘Proper attire, including shoes and shirts, must be worn at all times,’ Disneyland’s Guest Courtesy and Attire Policies reads. 
According to the rules, Disneyland ‘reserves the right to ‘deny admission to or remove any person wearing attire’ that the company considers inappropriate.
Censori, who was more clothed than usual, was barefoot except for wrappings around her ankles, heels, and the centre of her feet.
The Disney trip didn’t appear to include any of West’s children, who he shares with ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Kanye West ‘threatened to lock school children in cages’ claims ex-employee
Arrow
MORE: Kanye West’s ex Julia Fox frees the nipple in naked underwear that would make Bianca Censori envious
Arrow
MORE: Bianca Censori basically naked in most see-through dress ever on date with Kanye West