Manage your account
Kanye 'Ye' West may become some dollars short in an ongoing hostile lawsuit filed by teenagers who worked with his company.
The plaintiffs who worked with him on his last studio album are pressing further in their case against the rapper and are now demanding $1 million in damages.
The teenage staff, ranging between 14 and 17, sued Kanye West, his former chief of staff, Milo Yiannopoulos, and Yeezy LLC for a hostile work environment.
According to court documents, the attorney representing the four teens, along with adult plaintiffs Shemar Dacosta, Pholoso Mofokeng, Miles Jackson-Lea, and Olakunle Olatunji, are asking the court to pronounce a default judgment against Ye's company, Yeezy.
The plaintiffs stated they were hired to work as a team to help the designer build a streaming app for his "Vulture 2" album promotion.
According to In Touch, the former employees described their horrifying experience during the project with claims of bullying due to sexual orientation and ethnicity.
The plaintiffs also claimed the rapper's wife, Bianca Censori, shared vulgar files with the team when her husband was planning to launch an adult studio.
"No guardrails were put in place to prevent the underaged YZYVSN workers from working on Yeezy Porn, or to prevent them from being exposed to and being forced to view pornography to perform their work," the suit alleged.
The former employees then demanded settlement for the alleged emotional distress, anxiety, humiliation, depression, and discomfort they suffered while working with Ye's team.
The plaintiffs noted that Yeezy was served but has yet to respond. Now, the disgruntled team is seeking a default judgment against Yeezy. Each plaintiff is seeking around $300,000 in damages.
Their legal rep also asked for a judgment in the amount of $2,491,984, which will cover the former employees' alleged unpaid wages, emotional damages, and punitive damages. The lawyer argued that punitive damages were warranted to offer relief to the affected parties. The attorney explained:
"An award of punitive damages is warranted to penalize Defendants for their intentional and malicious actions and to deter similar misconduct in the future. Defendants orchestrated a scheme to exploit Plaintiffs for their labor, including recruiting minors, subjecting them to abusive working conditions, and then refusing to pay them for their work."
Yiannopoulos addressed the allegations in the lawsuit at the time of the filing. The former chief of staff confirmed that he was authorized to speak on behalf of Censori.
The former Yeezy employee trashed the claims against the architect, describing them as "offensive, disgusting, abhorrent, and wholly false."
Yiannopoulos called one of the plaintiffs a "tragic, desperate, attention-seeking wannabe Yeezy staffer." He then denied that the employees were exposed to explicit material.
Ye and Milo have yet to file an official response to the lawsuit, which claimed certain employees were called derogatory words such as "slaves" at the company.
The teens identified Yiannopoulos and Ye as the leading cause of their trauma at the company, especially after forcing them to work for long, draining hours.
As reported by The Blast, they were promised $120,000 in pay if they "completed the app" and "agreed to the work conditions" without complaints.
However, the former employees noted that things took a drastic turn when they were forced to sign non-disclosure agreements under the threat of losing their jobs and not being paid.
The employees, who were minors were also mandated to sign "volunteer" agreements, authorizing that they would receive no pay regardless of their contributions to the success of the streaming app.
The developers claimed they mostly worked remotely on building the app and gave Ye and his former chief of staff updates via Slack and other online platforms.
A due period of May 24 was met, which meant they fulfilled their end of the bargain, but it was crickets from Ye's end regarding payments.
The same May marked the exit of the former chief of staff from the company. While not directly connected to the lawsuit, Yiannopoulos's exit was triggered by Ye's decision to venture into adult content production.
The 39-year-old executive had been the point man for Yeezy in the past two years before handing in his notice, expressing his dissatisfaction with Ye's new team and his planned expansion into the porn industry.
"I wish Ye every success in the future. I have some concerns about his new team and hope he proceeds with caution," he declared. In his resignation letter, Yiannopoulos emphasized that he can't be a party to "producing/distributing pornographic material for moral and religious reasons.
He, however, reiterated his readiness to collaborate with the rapper on more impactful projects should he change his mind about going into porn.
In addition to the lawsuit filed by his former employees, Kanye West is also in court for a sexual harassment case brought by his former assistant!