Daily Wire host Candace Owens on Thursday dropped a lengthy screed claiming there is a “ring” of Jews in Hollywood up to “something quite sinister.”
While much of her rant was focused on celebrity Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, who has slammed Owens for defending Kanye West and attacking Israel, at times she also made more broad comments eluding to a “gang” of sinister Jewish power.
“Kanye West notoriously, obviously, when he tweeted out, I’m about to go Defcon three on some Jews, and the media freaked out and people in the Jewish community were understandably very scared not knowing what he meant. And I very much abstained from speaking much about the issue, because people were so emotional that people couldn’t hear even if I had shared,” Owens began, referring to West’s wildly anti-Semitic meltdown months ago. West also would go on to appear on Alex Jones’s InfoWars and praise Adolf Hitler.
“And even when Kanye did share that he was speaking about specific people in Hollywood that he believed were coming after him and were trying to control him,” Owens continued, adding:
Rabbi Shmuley Boteach was threatening me. And it wasn’t just him, it was also his daughter. They’re messaging me saying, don’t mess with Jews. Very bizarre stuff. And they have not stopped, to be clear.
And so what I believe is something that should be explored is whether or not what’s happening is that just like within all communities, there are gangs, right? Gangs can form. We understand this in the Black community. We’ve got the Bloods, we’ve got the Crips. Well imagine if the Bloods and the Crips were doing horrific things: murdering people, controlling people with blackmail. And then every time a person spoke out about it, the Bloods in the Crips would call those people racist.
We get the media to say those people were racist. Any person that was talking about a specific gang, a small group of people would say, ‘Oh my God, no, no, no, no, that’s like slavery.’ You can’t at all say anything bad about the Bloods and the Crips, and the entire Black community believed it and was scared and thought, ‘Oh my God, like it is slavery actually coming back?’
“What if that is what is happening right now in Hollywood? If there is just a very small ring of specific people who are using the fact that they are Jewish to shield themselves from any criticism, it’s food for thought, right? And I think, again, there have been enough people that are speaking out about a ring in Hollywood, also a ring potentially in DC, that we should start to ask those questions. All of us Black, Spanish, Jewish, Chinese, Japanese, all Americans should want answers because this appears to be something that is quite sinister,” Owens concluded.
A few moments later, Owens doubled down and called the “ring” so potentially “dangerous” that “they will kill people before they allow that ring to be exposed.”
Owens also took to X with similar rhetoric, writing, “Awaken world, to the monsters who have caused immense suffering to others via slander, threats, and coercion. Rabbi Shmuley is one of these monsters and any person who defends him or his hag daughter is immediately suspicious.”
Awaken world, to the monsters who have caused immense suffering to others via slander, threats, and coercion. Rabbi Shmuley is one of these monsters and any person who defends him or his hag daughter is immediately suspicious. https://t.co/1D5GZAdLge
— Candace Owens (@RealCandaceO) March 8, 2024
Last month, Owens accused “political Jews” of creating anti-Semitism – a classic anti-Semitic trope.
Owens and Daily Wire founder Ben Shapiro have feuded in the past over Israel and Owens defending West’s anti-Semitic tirades. Owens has a long history of controversial and outlandish rhetoric including saying Hitler’s “nationalism” inside Germany was “fine” and that parents who take their kids to drag queen story hour should have them “taken away.”
Watch the clip above.
Alex Griffing is a Senior Editor at Mediaite. Send tips via email: alexanderg@mediaite.com. Follow him on Twitter: @alexgriffing

Have a tip or story idea? Email us.
 Or to keep it anonymous, click here.