AllHipHop
AllHipHop
Consequence worked with Kanye West for years but publicly called out Ye in 2023.  

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!

Since 1998, AllHipHop.com has pioneered delivering Hip-Hop news. Get our daily email for exclusive, breaking news, and weekly digests, all curated for the true Hip-Hop enthusiast. Stay connected and informed with the heartbeat of Hip-Hop culture. Subscribe now!
Consequence turned down an offer to appear in TMZ’s Kanye West: Unhinged but Unstoppable documentary, which premiered on Monday (February 5). The longtime Ye collaborator explained his decision on X (formerly known as Twitter) a day after the special aired on FOX.
“Loyalty over Royalties,” Consequence wrote. “I was approached by @TMZ to be featured in their special Kanye West: Unhinged but Unstoppable. I myself have had great interactions with Harvey [Levin] and Charles [Latibeaudiere] but anyone who really knows YE would know that he would feel leveraged and exploited by this move even if you’re speaking on him in a positive light. That being said, even with what has recently transpired, I opted to pass… All Money ain’t G.O.O.D. Money. QUEENS GET THE MONEY.”
Consequence’s post included a screenshot of his texts with Kanye. The messages showed the two briefly discussing the documentary in January.
“TMZ had hit me up about a doc they’re doing on you and asked me to participate,” Consequence wrote to Ye. “I told them I pass because I’m sure this isn’t something you’d want out without authorization especially after Netflix.”
Kanye responded, “That’s love.”
Last year, Consequence criticized Kanye for minimizing years of support. The A Tribe Called Quest affiliate sought an apology.
“I have always lent my love, support and expertise to YE since ConMan Productions circa 2002,” Consequence wrote on Instagram in December 2023. “So @kanyewest NEVER again say in public or to others in private that you are ALONE. That’s the biggest SLAP IN THE FACE you could give to your TEAM … I will always need my RESPECT. If you can apologize to the Jewish community in Hebrew… Then maybe you should apologize to a few of your guys in English.”
Kanye West: Unhinged but Unstoppable is available to stream on Hulu.
Copyright © 2025 AllHipHop.com LLC 2025-Infinity