By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG and SONIA HORON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:59, 2 June 2024   |  Updated:  14:13, 2 June 2024   
 2.2k
View  comments
Bianca Censori flashed her cleavage while donning a very skimpy ensemble as she arrived to meeting in Prato, Italy on Saturday alongside husband, Kanye West.
The architectural designer, 29 - who was recently seen clutching a pillow to her chest with the rapper upon their return to Italy - stepped out of a vehicle as she followed the music artist, 46, into a building.
Earlier this week on Monday, the couple - who tied the knot in December 2022 - were seen arriving to Florence less than a year after they were embroiled in controversy following accusations of indecent exposure in a Venice boat ride.
Upon arriving to the production meeting, Censori was seen leaving very little to the imagination in a skimpy, white bodysuit that was held up with halter-styled straps.
Large cutouts could be seen on both the left and right portions of the outfit, exposing her bare sides for a sultry flare.
Bianca Censori, 29, flashed her cleavage while donning a very skimpy ensemble as she arrived to meeting in Prato, Italy on Saturday alongside husband, Kanye West, 46
Upon arriving to the production meeting, Censori was seen leaving very little to the imagination in a skimpy, white bodysuit that was held up with halter-styled straps
The architectural designer stepped out of a vehicle as she followed Kanye into a building
Her dark locks were pulled back and styled into a sleek up do, preventing any loose strands from falling onto her face. 
The Australian-born designer additionally slipped into a pair of open-toed, nude-colored heels.
Bianca opted to not add any flashy pieces of jewelry to allow the outfit to be the main focal point during the outing. 
As she climbed out of a taxi, Censori easily held a notebook in her hand that had various designs sketched out on the pages. 
The Heartless rapper notably oversees the production of his Yeezy clothing brand in the Italian city. 
West also donned an all-white ensemble that comprised of a pair of loose-fitting trousers as well as a matching hoodie on top. For a final touch, the star wore a pair of white shoes. 
The pair were greeted by another individual that was waiting outside and led both Kanye - also known as Ye - and his wife inside. 
A few months ago in March, West had shared a snap that seemingly teased a possible clothing line inspired by Bianca's racy outfits.  
Large cutouts could be seen on both the left and right portions of the outfit, exposing her bare sides for a sultry flare
The Australian-born designer additionally slipped into a pair of open-toed, nude-colored heels
As she climbed out of a taxi, Censori easily held a notebook in her hand that had various designs drawn on the pages 
Bianca opted to not add any flashy pieces of jewelry to allow the outfit to be the main focal point during the outing
 Her brunette hair was slicked back in a bun
The 1% Club eliminates 27 players with one difficult yoga question
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals it cost him £25,000 to be on RuPaul's Drag Race
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Jacqui Burfoot and Clint Rive reveal when they are tying the knot
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
On Monday, the two were spotted as they made their arrival to Florence - with Censori turning heads in a white, thong bodysuit as she held a pillow to her chest.
She completed the overall look by slipping into a pair of black, over-the-knee heeled boots. 
Bianca appeared to be channeling a similar outfit she wore while in Florence last year where she clutched a purple pillow to her chest while roaming the city streets.   
During the previous Italian trip in 2023, Censori wore a slew of eccentric outfits during the couple's getaway. 
No strangers to scandal, West and Censori continuously raised eyebrows over their choices in clothing, with Bianca's barely-there looks sparking fury from locals.
At the time her sheer and mesh outfits, which left her breasts clearly visible, were described by social media users as 'disrespectful' in a country known for its conservative Catholic heritage.
There were even calls are being made for Kanye and Bianca to be arrested, after they were spotted enjoying an amorous moment on a boat, with West exposing his bare buttocks in front of gawking tourists.
Images of the couple showed the American rapper seated at the back of the river taxi while Bianca placed her head in his lap.
Online critics have argued that the flesh-baring display constituted 'public indecency.'
The Heartless rapper notably oversees the production of his Yeezy clothing brand in the Italian city
The pair were greeted by another individual that was waiting outside and led both Kanye - also known as Ye - and his wife inside
A few months ago in March, West had shared a snap that seemingly teased a possible clothing line inspired by Bianca's racy outfits
The 1% Club eliminates 27 players with one difficult yoga question
Kanye comes out as gay in wild rant about Kim and their kids
Sydney Sweeney gets flirty with MGK & Patrick Schwarzenegger
Young guitarist get through to final as BGT is hit by fix row
Lorraine Kelly reveals secret health battle from hospital bed
Ryan Reynolds dodges questions about Travis Kelce 'unfollowing'
Bianca Censori appears to walk around naked on Kanye West's livestream
Danny Beard reveals it cost him £25,000 to be on RuPaul's Drag Race
Danny Jones returns to the stage with McFly after 'kiss scandal'
Jacqui Burfoot and Clint Rive reveal when they are tying the knot
Sam Fender reveals Adolescence star Owen Cooper starring in new video
Beyonce brings out daughter Rumi during touching Ms. Tina tribute
The trip comes after Bianca's solo getaway to her native Australia. On Saturday she was spotted back home without West. 
The model was seen eating lunch at the trendy Mario's Café in Fitzroy, Melbourne with her parents, per the Herald Sun.
In contrast to her usually racy get ups, Bianca, who works as the head of architecture at Kanye's Yeezy brand, was wearing a khaki Miu Miu sweater dress and 'blended in with the lunch crowd' the Herald Sun claims.
In May, Censori's family and friends expressed concern that the rapper would drag Bianca 'into the adult film world' following Kanye's latest Yeezy Porn venture. 
A source told DailyMail.com, 'Bianca's family was willing to give Kanye the benefit of the doubt after her mom's recent visit to LA.' 
'For Bianca's sake they were willing to overlook his anti-Semitic remarks and inappropriate behavior.' 
'They were even trying to accept that he was not forcing Bianca to do anything. They were aware of Kanye and Bianca's project to create and sell their own brand of clothing,' the insider added. 
'But with two feminist sisters and an equally feminist mother, it is hard to rationalize or accept her involvement in this new venture.'
Earlier this week on Monday, the two were spotted as they made their arrival to Florence - with Censori turning heads in a white, thong bodysuit and clutched a pillow to her chest; seen in February in Milan 
There were even calls are being made for Kanye and Bianca to be arrested, after they were spotted enjoying an amorous moment on a boat, with West exposing his bare buttocks in front of gawking tourists
'The fact that he is dragging her into the adult film world with him and using her as a billboard already to promote sexual indecency is absolutely appalling and very worrying.
'They feel he has convinced her that this is a good idea because it will make them wealthier.'
The source continued, 'Her family and friends are aware of Kanye's history with pornography which makes it even more concerning. What is it going to do to his marriage with Bianca? He is already using her as a walking billboard for indecency.'
Kanye and Bianca's return to Italy also comes shortly after the rapper went silent  amid a battery investigation following an alleged incident at the Chateau Marmont involving his wife and twins Mark and Jonnie Houston.
The star allegedly punched one of twins due to claims that Censori had been 'physically and sexually' by one of them in April at the iconic hotel in Los Angeles.
The music artist became a suspect in the battery case, and it was later revealed that he got physical with the 'wrong' twin.
However, just one month after the altercation allegedly took place, both West and the twins - who own various restaurants and bars in L.A. - have gone completely quiet, law enforcement told TMZ last month in May.
The trip comes after Bianca's solo getaway to her native Australia . On Saturday she was spotted back home without West
Kanye and Bianca's return to Italy also comes shortly after the rapper went silent amid a battery investigation following an alleged incident at the Chateau Marmont involving his wife and twins Mark and Jonnie Houston; seen in February in Milan 
Police informed the outlet that there isn't clear evidence of the alleged assault and added that Kanye and the twins need to cooperate with cops for the investigation.
But the trio have not been responding when law enforcement reach out.
Law enforcement told TMZ that they speculate Kanye - who also goes by Ye - as well as the Houston twins have privately worked out the problem.
And due to lack of evidence as well as receiving no responses from the trio, the police are not able to send the case to the L.A. City Attorney's office - although the case does remain open.
There is something very wrong with this couple.  P...

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group