By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ and CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  18:48, 31 October 2024   |  Updated:  20:33, 31 October 2024   
 983
View  comments
Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori opted to pass on the Halloween costume as she went nearly naked in Tokyo.
The 29-year-old model - who was seen out with her rapper husband, 47, previously -  wore a very revealing outfit while out on the town in Tokyo on Thursday.
She not only failed to dress up for the holiday but also failed to wear much altogether as she left very little to the imagination.
All she seemed to wear are covers over her nipples and pelvic region along with white sleeves.
She did not go barefoot on the outing as she did sport a pair of pointed heels.
Kanye West 's wife Bianca Censori opted to pass on the Halloween costume as she went nearly naked in Tokyo on Thursday
Her short blonde locks were worn down as the fringe hung to just above her eyebrow as she sported natural complementary make-up.
Kanye wore an all white hooded sweatsuit along with black sneakers as he enjoyed a beverage.
The two were not alone on the outing as they posed with a pair of pals.
The previous evening the power couple turned heads once again as they enjoyed a night out in Tokyo.
The couple, who recently put divorce rumors to bed following claims they had 'drifted apart', were spotted arriving to a club on Tuesday, with Bianca in yet another unforgettable look.
While her wardrobe typically consists of risqué looks, this one was far more modest in comparison.
She donned an incredibly glam fur coat that covered up her entire upper body and down to her mid-thigh.
Kanye, 47, emerged from their vehicle first and stood outside waiting for Bianca, 29, as she climbed out of the car.
Just days ago the power couple once again  turned heads once again as they enjoyed a night out in Tokyo on Tuesday 
The blonde beauty carried a small clutch before she and her spouse were ushered inside.
While Bianca was dressed up from head to toe, Kanye kept it more casual in a white hoodie and matching sweats.
Their latest sighting comes amid claims the pair's alleged marital troubles were a publicity stunt manufactured by the rapper to overshadow the bombshell lawsuit brought against him by his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta. 
And insiders have suggested that the stunt was concocted in a desperate bid to distract from claims that West drugged and raped Pisciotta at a party with Sean 'Diddy' Combs, who is currently awaiting trial behind bars on charges of sex trafficking, racketeering conspiracy and transportation to engage in prostitution. 
'Kanye is concerned that his new lawsuit will drag him down to Diddy's level and he has been speaking to his legal reps,' the insider told DailyMail.com.
'He is paying attention to what is going on with Diddy and some believe that the publicity stunt was a way of overshadowing the details of the harrowing lawsuit.'
Influencer and former OnlyFans star Pisciotta sued West in June for allegedly sexually harassing and stalking her while she worked for him between 2021 and 2022.
He dismissed the accusations as 'baseless' and accused her of 'blackmail and extortion.'
She donned an incredibly glam fur coat that covered up her entire upper body and down to her mid-thigh
Kanye, 47, emerged from their vehicle first and stood outside waiting for Bianca, 29, as she climbed out of the car
But in a new lawsuit, she also claimed he relentlessly tried to have sex with her again, and when she always refused he almost raped her a second time.
Pisciotta claimed this was the worst incident in a pattern of extreme sexual harassment including groping, vile texts, and sick fantasies.
She also claimed that after West fired her in October 2022, he choked her when they ran into each other at a concert, and had friends terrorize her at home
Meanwhile earlier this month, Pisciotta filed a 88-page updated lawsuit which detailed the rapper's alleged sick sexual obsessions, and his fetish for wanting to sleep with the mothers of his sexual targets.
He allegedly sent Pisciotta a screenshot on September 28, 2022 – two months before he secretly married Censori – of a text conversation between him and the Australian native about wanting to have sex with her mother Alexandra.
'I wanna f**k your mum,' he allegedly wrote to Censori. 'Before she leaves.'
According to the filing, he asked Pisciotta: 'Should I add I meant I want you to watch me f**k your mom'.
Censori was in the US on a work visa at the time, and her mother was visiting Los Angeles from their native Australia.
Pisciotta claimed Censori, who started working for West's Yeezy brand in 2020, responded to his texts by declining the offer.
Alexandra said she wouldn't be drawn into the latest claims about her son-in-law and asked for privacy when questioned by the Daily Mail in Ivanhoe, Melbourne.
Their latest sighting comes amid claims the pair's alleged marital troubles were a publicity stunt manufactured by the rapper to overshadow the bombshell lawsuit brought against him by his former assistant Lauren Pisciotta (pictured in February 2024)
West allegedly sent a text message to Pisciotta two weeks prior on September 13 about an 'A-list fashion model' he was 'determined' to have sex with, and requested she model for his sunglasses campaign.
The lawsuit also claimed he often had sex with employees and a 'rotating list of guests' in his Yeezy offices-turned-'sexual playground.'
Censori would reportedly act as his 'orgy coordinator' and willingly participated in his 'twisted sexual fantasies.'
Pisciotta also claimed West once grabbed her by the throat in front of an 'unfazed' Censori.
The lawsuit also laid bare the full horror of his neo-Nazi views that included hate-filled rants and forcing staff to draw swastikas.
West, who has four young children with his ex-wife Kim Kardashian, has yet to respond to the updated lawsuit.
In June, Piciotta's initial lawsuit claimed she was hired as the musician's 'Executive Assistant/Personal Assistant' in July 2021 with an annual salary of $1million, on the condition she quit OnlyFans and was available to him '24-7,' which she reportedly accepted.
Influencer and former OnlyFans star Lauren Pisciotta sued Kanye in June for allegedly sexually harassing and stalking her while she worked for him between 2021 and 2022
She also claimed the controversial star hounded her with explicit messages and, in one incident, masturbated in front of her.
Pisciotta claimed she was terminated from the company in October 2022, one month after she claimed she was promoted to Chief of Staff for West's various companies and was informed she would receive an additional $3million - which West allegedly never delivered.
Another unnamed former Yeezy employee claimed in a separate lawsuit that West instructed him to get private investigators to 'tail' his wife while she was abroad and claims excessive use of nitrous oxide led to 'erratic behavior' by the star.
The Vultures rapper married Censori in December 2022, just one month after his divorce from Kardashian was finalized.
Concerns were soon raised for the designer after she was pictured in a string of bizarre and increasingly provocative outfits.
Her parents reportedly felt 'tricked' by their daughter who they truly believed was finally leaving West, before she seemingly reneged on the decision.
'They can't understand what is happening and feel that she is being controlled,' a source told DailyMail.com. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group