Kanye West hit back at Ozzy Osbourne's social media outburst posting a snap of the rocker with his wife Sharon Osbourne as they dressed up as him and Bianca Censori for Halloween.
The 46-year-old rapper took to Instagram on Friday posting a story of an odd text chain with a message of a screenshot of Ozzy's latest Instagram post bashing the rapper. In response, an image of the heavy metal legend dressed up as Kanye and his wife for Halloween last year was sent with the message: "He obviously has a celebrity handler who's on his account" - seemingly implying that Ozzy is a fan and his latest Instagram post didn't come from him.
In the snap, The Prince of Darkness and Sharon were seen in their Halloween costumes from last year as the famous duo dressed up as Kanye and Bianca for the spooky holiday. In the snap, Sharon was seen holding a pink pillow in front of her seemingly naked body - a reference to Bianca who was previously photographed nearly-naked while clutching a purple cushion to cover up her chest during the pair's controversial trip to Italy.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Ozzy Osbourne rages he wants 'no association' with Kanye after he asks to sample song
Kanye's post comes as Ozzy recently slammed Kanye on social media after the rapper sampled one of his famous song Iron Man by Ozzy's band Black Sabbath without his permission. The heavy metal rocker claimed that Kanye asked for permission for the song, but he chose to deny him due to the singer believing Kanye is "an antisemite."
In the Instagram post, the 75-year-old rocker wrote: "Kanye West asked permission to sample a section of a 1983 live performance of 'Iron Man' from the US Festival without vocals & was refused permission because he is an antisemite and has caused untold heartache to many. He went ahead and used the sample anyway at his album listening party last night. I want no association with this man!"
Ozzy's comments come as Kanye previously sparked outrage in the Jewish community as he claimed that he was going to go "death con 3 on JEWISH PEOPLE." And later went on to send praise to Adolf Hitler, saying he "likes" him.
During a guest appearance on Alex Jones' podcast the rapper said: "Well, I see good things about Hitler also. I love everyone, and Jewish people are not going to tell me, ‘You can love us and you can love what we’re doing to you with the contracts, and you can love what we’re pushing with the pornography.’ ... You can’t say out loud that this person ever did anything good and I’m done with that. I’m done with the classifications.”
After these controversial remarks were made, Kanye was dropped from his agency CAA and Universal Music Group. Balenciaga and Gap also dropped their collaboration with the rapper's clothing brand Yeezy.
Last December, Kanye made an apology to the Jewish community with a post on Instagram written in Hebrew. In the post, he wrote: "I sincerely apologize to the Jewish community for any unintended outburst caused by my words or actions," and added: "It was not my intention to offend or demean, and I deeply regret any pain I may have caused."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.