Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori "would leave if she wanted to leave", it has been claimed, amid controlling claims surrounding the rapper and his wife.
Mere weeks after Kanye's divorce from Kim Kardashian was finalised, the 46-year-old dad-of-four married Bianca, 29. The couple were said to have wed in December 2022, with them getting hitched in an intimate and secret ceremony.
Since the news of their relationship made headlines, the couple haven't stayed away from the public eye, with them often spotted together on holidays and outings. But amid their smitten displays, speculation of Kanye being controlling towards his wife has been rife because of the clothing that she wears. This comes after the rapper reportedly dictated what his ex-wife Kim could and could not wear.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's recent street bust-up with reporter left him feeling 'furious and hurt'
And amid controlling claims, which Kayne vehemently denies, celebrity psychic Inbaal Honigman has carried out an exclusive Tarot reading for The Mirror, with her revealing that if Bianca wanted to leave the relationship - she would.
Carrying out her reading, Inbaal pulled the Princess of Swords card for Bianca, which is described as "a card of an intelligent and independent lady". Inbaal added: "She doesn't spend her days worrying what people say about her photos, or about her social media presence. If she wanted to leave, she'd leave."
Meanwhile, for the couple as a whole, Inbaal pulled the Ace of Disks, "a card of good business sense". Looking ahead, Inbaal said: "This week, the actions that were taken were in aid of an upcoming business move. There's a joint release which will make the two of them a lot of money, and the pair are committed to the brand."
This comes after the controversial rapper shared a provocative clip of his wife in the week, who could be seen dressed up in a sheer bodysuit. In the video, the Aussie beauty was wearing a see-through bodysuit and big white fur boots.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.