By T. ZELLER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JOANNA CRAWLEY FOR DAILY MAIL AUSTRALIA 
 Published:  05:04, 26 October 2024   |  Updated:  05:33, 26 October 2024   
 109
View  comments
Taylor Swift fans have ignited a wild rumor, speculating that one of the pop star's exes might be dating a Kardashian.
Swifties suspect British actor Joe Alwyn, who split with the Cardigan singer in April 2023, is sparking up a romance with Kendall Jenner after the two were seen posing together at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures Gala in Los Angeles on Saturday.
In the snapshot shared by Vogue, Alwyn stands with his arm around a beaming Kendall as they pose alongside another of Swift's exes, Patrick Schwarzenegger.
Fans quickly spotted that Alwyn had also liked Jenner's Instagram post from the event, adding fuel to the fire.
'It looks like we're heading to a relationship between Kendall Jenner and Joe Alwyn which would drive so many people crazy,' TikTok user hankatherinee speculated, before alluding to Taylor Swift's infamous feud with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West.
Taylor Swift fans have ignited a wild rumor, speculating that the pop star's ex Joe Alwyn might be dating a Kardashian; the exes seen in 2019
Swifties suspect that Alwyn, who split with the Cardigan singer in April 2023, is sparking up a romance with Kendall Jenner after the two were seen posing together at the Academy Museum of Motion Pictures Gala in Los Angeles on Saturday; (Kendall,Kim and Kylie on Saturday)
'This would be huge because as you know, Swifties would go crazy given the past between Taylor, Kim, and Kanye, and Joe is Taylor's ex, so him dating a KarJenner would be wild,' the user continued.
Kendall and Taylor are also known to have a rocky history, as both dated pop star Harry Styles within months of each other. 
This wasn't lost on Swifties, with one tweeting, 'Oh Kendel [sic] stay away from Joe please, we don't want another Harry Styles fiasco.'
Another wrote, 'Joe with Kendall is wild,' while a third joked, 'Kendall and Joe in one photo was not in my 2024 bingo card.'
The Taylor-Kardashian rivalry traces back to the 2016 release of Kanye West's The Life Of Pablo. In the album's song Famous, Kim's ex-husband raps: 'I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that b**** famous.'
The line, which alludes to when Kanye interrupted Taylor's win at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards, was supposedly passed on to the songstress for approval, but she denies ever giving it the okay.
Taylor said she had been contact about the song, but she was 'never made aware of the actual lyric, 'I made that b**** famous.''
In an effort to prove Kanye's version, Kim shared an edited clip from the studio of him calling up Taylor and seemingly getting her approval.
Fans were left shocked by the new snap of Joe and Kendall with one tweeting: 'Kendall and Joe in one Photo was not in my 2024 bingo card'
In the snapshot shared by Vogue , Alwyn stands with his arm around a beaming Kendall as they pose alongside another of Swift's exes, Patrick Schwarzenegger 
Fans quickly spotted that Alwyn had also liked Jenner's Instagram post from the event, adding fuel to the fire
A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine)
However, the clip shows him conveying the idea, more than the specific lyrics, and when the complete call later leaked it made it clear that the use of 'b****,' which seemed to be a major issue for Taylor, was left out completely.
Things seemed to settle down in subsequent years, and Kim claimed in 2019 on Watch What Happens Live that the trio had 'moved on' from the dispute.
That wasn't how the Blank Space singer saw it, though, and she later said in an interview with Elle that 'It would be nice if we could get an apology from people who bully us.'
Although Taylor's career has never been better or higher profile than in the last few years, she complained in her 2023 TIME Person of the Year profile that the dispute 'took me down psychologically to a place I've never been before.'
'You have a fully manufactured frame job, in an illegally recorded phone call, which Kim Kardashian edited and then put out to say to everyone that I was a liar,' she seethed.
Meanwhile, Taylor didn't end her six year relationship with Joe Alwyn on amicable terms.
In June Joe finally made the decision to break his silence on the split after being left 'emotionally drained' by the endless questions about their six year romance and subsequent split following the release of her latest album.
The actor said he had 'a long, loving, fully committed relationship' with the US pop superstar as he opened up for the first time in an interview with the Sunday Times Style, revealing their breakup was a 'hard thing to navigate.'
Taylor has been locked in a feud with Kendall's sister Kim Kardashian for years. That family rivalry traces back to the 2016 release of Kanye West's The Life Of Pablo 
Alwyn reportedly addressed the speculation in order to 'move forward,' after Swift appeared to make several scathing digs about him on The Tortured Poets Department, which she released in April.
'Joe wanted to get this over with once and for all so he can move forward with his life and his career,' an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'He never wanted to say anything and was hoping it would all blow over, but it hasn't. Taylor has made a fortune off their breakup by forming an entire album around it. Meanwhile he has been cast as "Taylor's ex."'
Fans were left shocked by the new snap of Joe and Kendall with one tweeting: 'Kendall and Joe in one Photo was not in my 2024 bingo card.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group