By DEIRDRE DURKAN-SIMONDS FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  16:06, 25 April 2024   |  Updated:  19:14, 25 April 2024   
 50
View  comments
Julia Fox opened up about her dating life after her highly publicized, short-lived fling with rapper Kanye West in January 2022, following his split from Kim Kardashian. 
While speaking to InStyle, the Uncut Gems star, 34, admitted that she has struggled with be just being seen as just one of the 46-year-old musicians' exes.
The actress stated that dating West 'for a month' and the attention that came with their brief romance has left a 'sour taste in' her 'mouth about dating anyone in this sphere.' 
'I don't ever want to just be known as someone's girlfriend. I know I'm so much more than that. And I feel like that happens so much to women in this industry,' she said. 
Julia Fox opened up about her dating life after her highly publicized, short-lived fling with rapper Kanye West, following his split from Kim Kardashian
She continued: 'They're only as good as their partner or they can make a whole career off being some guy's partner. But regardless, either way, it becomes their identity.' 
Fox, who is set to appear on OMG Fashun, a new design competition series next month on E!, said she is aiming to 'transcend that' and 'break that mold.' 
'I want to just stand on my own two feet and not need a man to back me. I did that for years. I'm good. I have established myself, and I want to keep establishing myself,' the mom-of-one noted. 'And maybe one day I'll even be taken seriously.'
As for whether she googles herself, the performer said 'not at all.'
'The thought of even Googling myself gives me so much anxiety because it's always going to be some bulls**t and then I'm so reactive and I'm just so rowdy that I'll repost it,' Fox said. 'What you don't know can't hurt you. Ignorance is bliss. I don't know what's going on over there.'
As she looked back on her time as a nightlife staple in New York city, Fox said she 'was the party girl' and 'crack head.' 
'I was out all the time. I was homeless,' the Down the Drain author recalled. 'Now that I do have that stability and that safe space, that's where I want to be—home. I'm done. I'm done. I paid my dues. I got my street cred. I'm ready to stay home.' 
Fox went on to explain why she continues to work in the entertainment industry, despite calling it exhausting. 
While speaking to InStyle , the Uncut Gems star, 34, admitted that she has struggled with be just being seen as just one of the 46-year-old musicians' exes 
The actress stated that dating West 'for a month' and the attention that came with their brief romance has left a 'sour taste in' her 'mouth about dating anyone in this sphere'
'I don't ever want to just be known as someone's girlfriend. I know I'm so much more than that. And I feel like that happens so much to women in this industry,' she said
'I'm the type of person where it's like, I have to make the most of that moment. I didn't come all the way here to not f**king kill it,' she explained. 'Because yeah, it sucks, but the feeling of not having slayed is even worse. You know what I mean?'
Still, she says, fame is 'like a double-edged sword.' 
'I don't know, I can't explain it. But I also do have this pressure to prove myself, because I feel like I'm always surrounded by naysayers that are always just underestimating me or not taking me seriously,' she concluded of the subject. 'So, sometimes I just want to pop out and be like, 'I'm here. I'm here and I'm not leaving.'
As she reflected on brushing shoulder with some of Hollywood's biggest stars, Fox recalled meeting Emma Stone at Saturday Night Live.
'She told me she read my book and, literally, I had to leave the room for a second because I was like, I just saw you win an Oscar two weeks ago. What?'' the actress confessed.
She continued: 'They're only as good as their partner or they can make a whole career off being some guy's partner. But regardless, either way, it becomes their identity'
'Then there are the girls that are not at that level, and they're always a little more c**tier, because I guess they're not really secure in their positions, and they're a little more threatened maybe. But the girls that are like, Honey, you will never top this, they're always really nice,' Fox said.
The star also revealed that she moved out of her apartment in the East Village, which went viral for its realness last year. 
'I actually did end up finding a place [in Harlem] that really spoke to me, and me and my best friend bought it together,' she revealed.
As for how it compares to her last apartment, she raved 'it's a proper home.' 
'It's not downtown, and it's in an area where it's really all New Yorkers. So no one really gives a shit about me at all and leaves me alone, which is really nice,' she added. 
OMG Fashun premieres with back-to-back half-hour episodes on May 6 starting at 9:30pm ET/PT. 
Back-to-back episode premieres to follow weekly with shift back to 9:00pm & 9:30pm ET/PT respectively. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group