By ADAM S. LEVY FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  02:28, 31 October 2024   |  Updated:  09:46, 31 October 2024   
 508
View  comments
Kim Kardashian took down a YouTube channel belonging to her eldest son with Kanye West on Wednesday after two posts critical of Vice President Kamala Harris were posted on the account.
The YouTube account for the 8-year-old Saint West - which was under the handle @TheGoatSaint - was 'allegedly taken down' by Kardashian, 44, in the wake of the politically-charged posts, according to The Daily Beast.
'This page isn't available. Sorry about that. Try searching for something else,' a message from YouTube read when clicking on the page. 
Social media posts claimed Saint posted a meme of Kamala's picture on the bottom of a shoe worn by a cartoon character who says, 'I stepped in s***.' 
The reality star said last month that she made Saint agree to a contract if he wanted a channel on the platform. It appeared he breached the terms of the deal just a week before election day.
A YouTube channel belonging to Saint West, the eight-year-old son of Kim Kardashian, 44, and Kanye West, 47, vanished on Wednesday after two posts critical of Vice President Kamala Harris were on the account a day before. Pictured last December in LA 
According to social media posts, Saint had purportedly posted a meme that depicted a picture of Harris in an inflammatory manner
A number of X/Twitter users tied Saint's posts to his father's longstanding support for Trump.
Reactions included: 'Smart like his father;' 'kanye is so proud rn;' 'Kanye so proud of bro;' and 'Like father like son.'
One user said, 'Saint is baby ye i aint worried bout him' while another added, 'That young boy is very intelligent. Raised right!'
Another user said, 'Saint West a Donald Trump fan. 'Kayne smiling rn.'
One user tagged in Kardashian, writing, '@KimKardashian undelete please. Saint West doing right things.'
Said one user: 'I strongly disagree with the decision by Kim Kardashian to delete Saint West's YouTube channel over the shared videos. The censorship of opposing views is concerning and sets a dangerous precedent. Doesn't everyone expose Kamala, What is wrong with it? lol.'
Another added a GIF of West looking glum, writing, 'So, #KimKardashian deleted Saint West's #YouTube channel for posting how he felt politically, and she didn't agree. Got it.'
The contract, posted on September 3 on Kardashian's Instagram Stories, read: 'I, Saint West, agree to follow my mom’s rules in order to have a YouTube channel. I am not allowed to comment any personal family information.'
Kardashian last month posted an image of the contract that on her social media platform with the caption: 'I finally allowed Saint to have a YouTube Channel after signing an extensive contract. Please Subscribe!' 
Kardashian has ties to both candidates amid her criminal justice reform efforts in recent years and had a meeting with Harris at the White House this past April
Kardashian worked extensively with Republican candidate Donald Trump on previous efforts. Pictured in June of 2019 
Saint also agreed to not film any footage containing 'any personal information' or 'while North is recording music.'
It continued: 'I must show my mom or guardian all videos before I post them.
'I give permission to any grown up if mom says to delete my video for any reason. If I don’t listen to all of the rules, mom could make my page private or delete my account.'
She posted an image of the contract that on her social media platform with the caption: 'I finally allowed Saint to have a YouTube Channel after signing an extensive contract. Please Subscribe!'
She added that 'Saint signed a solid contract for this YouTube Channel' and 'he better not breach' the agreed-upon terms.
Kardashian - who shares daughters North, 11, and Chicago, six, and sons Saint, eight, and Psalm, five, with ex-husband Kanye West , 47 - has ties to both presidential candidates amid her criminal justice reform efforts in recent years.
She had a meeting with Harris at the White House this past April and worked extensively with former president and Republican candidate Donald Trump on previous efforts.
Kardashian initially went to the White House in 2018 on behalf of Alice Marie Johnson, a woman who received a life sentence in 1996 over nonviolent drug charges. 
A number of X/Twitter users tied Saint's posts to his father's longstanding support for Trump 
Kardashian met in the Oval Office with Trump in May of 2018 and then again in September of that year, amid her efforts on behalf of Johnson, whose sentence was eventually commuted by Trump.
In her April 2024 meeting with Harris, the focus was a roundtable on the ways in which President Joe Biden was implementing clemency powers, aimed at non-violent drug offenders were lengthy sentences outdated by contemporary standards.
Harris said at the meeting she was a 'big believer in the power of redemption' in regards to the issue.
'It's an age-old concept that transcends religions but is fundamentally about an understanding that everybody makes mistakes, and for some, that might rise to the level of it being a crime,' the vice president said. 'But is it not the sign of a civil society that we allow people a way to earn their way back, and give them the support and resources they need to do that?'
Kardashian said of her relationship with Trump earlier this year on Jimmy Kimmel Live!, 'I don't think he likes me very much. But I'm OK.
'I think he did amazing stuff with prison reform and let a lot of people out, and signed an amazing bill - the First Step Act - and so that's what I'll focus on,' she said.
Dailymail.com has reached out to Kardashian's reps for comment. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
By posting your comment you agree to our house rules.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.
Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline?
Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual
  We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook.
You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group