By JESSICA GREEN FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  09:00, 23 March 2024   |  Updated:  15:25, 25 March 2024   
 453
View  comments
She's synonymous with headline-grabbing X-rated outfits - from barely-there bodysuits and sheer tights to micro shorts.
But just where does Bianca Censori find her outrageous outfits? For her latest appearance, the Australian architect, 29, sported neon green see-through leggings and a tiny, light beige tube top as she visited The Grove in Los Angeles.
Her husband Kanye West, 46, appeared to pull down her sheer attire to expose her buttocks, amid concerns from her family over what they say are the rapper's 'controlling ways'.
The night before, Bianca put on another daring display and nearly risked a wardrobe malfunction in a see-through black jumpsuit with ultra-thin and as good as invisible straps.
Hardly the kind of barely-there ensembles you'd find in your everyday High Street store, the model reportedly has her risqué wardrobe created by a 'secret team of designers' that make anything Kanye wants.
For her latest appearance, Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori sported neon green see-through leggings and a tiny, light beige tube top as she visited The Grove in Los Angeles
The rapper has a 'whole atelier in Italy' working on the scandalous looks for his wife, according to fashion designers who have worked alongside Kanye.
'Anything he wants to make they can make it. He’s really just making it on the spot,' Mowalola Ogunlesi, the Nigerian-born, London-based designer hired by the rapper in 2020 to head his Yeezy Gap collaboration, told Page Six previously.
'They just buy tights and style it and cut it on [Bianca] … Usually they get Wolford. Tights are not safe when they’re around.'
'They design it and have an in-house team that creates everything in a day,' an anonymous second designer who's worked with Kanye before added.
Ogunlesi added that Zurich-based fashion designer Laura Beham is putting together some of the looks.
Beham replied via text with a heart emoji when notified that The Post had been told she is the designer behind Bianca's designs.
Ogunlesi said Bianca 'has a lot of say in what she wants to wear', adding that everything the model is wearing is from her and her husband's brain.
Bianca's outfit of neon green sheer tights isn't the first ensemble of the model's that has raised more than a few eyebrows - with the wife of Kanye often sporting attire that leaves little to the imagination.
Bianca (pictured) is synonymous with headline-grabbing X-rated outfits - from barely-there bodysuits and sheer tights to micro shorts
Hardly the kind of barely-there ensembles you'd find in your everyday High Street store, the model reportedly has her risqué wardrobe created by a 'secret team of designers' that make anything Kanye wants
In January, Kanye shared a series of revealing snaps of his wife on Instagram
During their time in Florence, Verona and Rome in 2023, the rapper and his wife shocked with their bizarre outfit choices, with Kanye regularly seen out barefoot and Bianca often barely clothed. 
Yet they took things a step further in Venice, when they were accused of performing a lewd sex act on a river boat, with Kanye seen exposing his bare buttocks while Bianca kneeled in front of him. 
Their bizarre behaviour prompted fury from Italian locals who declared the couple 'banned' from the country, and their antics even sparked a police investigation.
There was also grave concern from Bianca's inner circle, who insisted her behaviour was not a reflection of who she really is, but rather a result of Kanye's influence over her. 
Meanwhile, late last year, Bianca wore a slew of increasingly more bizarre ensembles, including nude sheer tops and a silver string bodysuit – all of which she teamed with oversized stuffed toys.
Kanye declared Bianca will be wearing less clothes than ever before in 2024 as he posted a slew of racy snaps captioned 'No pants this year'
DailyMail.com exclusively revealed last week that Kanye had been working to 'turn things around' with Bianca's mother.
Last week, she was seen with her daughter after she reportedly flew out from their native Australia to 'save' the model over fears she was being controlled, according to sources close to the family.
Bianca's family have frequently expressed their concerns since she tied the knot with Kanye in December 2022.
Some of her loved ones have even reportedly staged an intervention with Bianca over Kanye's alleged 'controlling ways'.
Recently, insiders claimed that Bianca's father is reportedly keen on confronting the rapper for putting his daughter in X-rated clothing. Sources claim that he is fearful that Kanye is isolating Bianca from her family.
He is also reportedly worried that his son-in-law is turning his beloved daughter into a 'trashy-looking marketable commodity' with the shockingly risqué and half-naked looks.
Insiders have told DailyMail.com that Bianca's family is 'hurting' at watching their loved one being paraded around like a 'trophy pony' and have questioned how Kanye would feel in the future if a man was treating his daughters, North and Chicago, in the same way.
'Bianca's father Leo wants to have a proper sit down with Kanye and ask him what the hell he is thinking when he parades Bianca around like a trashy naked trophy pony,' said a source close to the Yeezy architect — whose father is the brother of a notorious gangland killer.
'He knows that there is no way in hell that Kanye would allow this for his daughters so it makes no sense why he would encourage this for his own wife.'

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group