Bianca Censori has been slammed after wearing a super skimpy outfit at Disneyland.
The architect was seen wandering around the venue alongside her husband Kanye West as they strolled across the park. Bianca wore a flesh-coloured bodysuit with thin straps with what looked to be a yellow dress-like garment on top.
She styled her brunette locks in a sleek bun with her hair pulled back from her face as she walked hand in hand with the Donda hitmaker, who wore a white tracksuit and black sunglasses to cover his face.
READ MORE: Click for more brilliant Daily Star showbiz stories
READ MORE: Camila Cabello goes topless under unzipped leather jacket as coat slips down
They enjoyed some time off at the Los Angeles theme park and appeared to be accompanied by a group of friends. The Sun reported that angry fans flocked to social media after the video was posted to scorn the star’s “inappropriate” get up.
The publication reported that one person wrote: “Doesn’t Disney have a dress code[?],” while someone else added: “Any non-celebrity would not be able to wear that in the parks…”
Someone else quipped: “They let her in like that[?]” with a confused emoji. Another scathing remark read: “If other people dressed like that they’d make her wear Disney clothes to cover up. Booo.”
Bianca Censori has become well known from her marriage to rapper Kanye West and her very revealing style, which has caused some controversy on the internet. She has been spotted out and about wearing see-through outfits, body stockings and very revealing underwear that has ignited haters on social media.
However, the star’s younger sister also seems to be making her way into the spotlight after she recently posted a picture wearing her brother-in-law’s Yeezy collection. Angelina went braless underneath the white tank top, which featured the word “wet” written in capital letters across her bust.
Bianca’s lookalike sibling had a striking resemblance to her sister as she posed with her face to the side and showed off her crystal clear complexion. She kept things simple with subtle makeup, including a flawless base and nude lipgloss.
To top off her look, Angelina added a white shoulder hand bag and a white low cut pencil skirt that hugged her figure.
The Daily Star is now on WhatsApp and we want you to join us!
Through the app, we'll send you the sassiest showbiz stories, some naught headline and a seismic smattering of aliens...along with the latest breaking news of course.
To join our community, all you have to do to join is click on this link, select 'Join Chat' and you're in!
No one will be able to see who has sign up and no one can send messages except for the Daily Star team. We also treat our community members to competitions, special offers, promotions, and adverts from us and our partners.
If you don’t like our community, you can check out any time you like. To leave our community click on the name at the top of your screen and choose Exit group. If you’re curious, you can read our Privacy Notice.
CLICK HERE TO JOIN
Have you joined Threads? Follow Daily Star to keep up to date on all things showbiz here
Want all the biggest Showbiz and TV news straight to your inbox? Sign up for our free Daily Star Showbiz newsletter
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.