The only post on Kanye West's Instagram is now of his wife wearing white lace lingerie.
Ye posted a video of Bianca Censori on his Instagram Thursday with no caption. The video shows Bianca laying on a bed, with white covers and pillows, while she is wearing an all white laced jumpsuit. She is covering her face with her phone while she scrolls through her screen. While laying on the bed, Bianca is wearing strappy heels and the video contains live audio, where fans hear Bianca breathing.
Fans under the comments put two-and-two together and recognized the bed from Ye's Famous music video. Even though it is not confirmed that the post and bed were inspired by the video, fans could not help but point it out.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok, Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori seen sitting on rapper's lap in amorous display at car dealership
One person under the comments wrote: "That bed looks familiar . Scary a** video . Had me tripping." Another person wrote: "Reminds me of the big a** bed from the famous video." Some even poked fun on trying to find bed sheets the size of the bed.
Then there were others who pointed out that Bianca is clothed. Lately, she has been wearing a lot of revealing and tiny sets and fans are happy to see her in something other than that. One person wrote: "Why’s she got more clothes on in bed than when she goes outside?" Another wrote: "AT LEAST SHES DRESSED."
The Yeezy model was seen smiling widely at the dealership in Los Angeles on Wednesday as she got behind the wheel of a shiny new Porsche. While waiting inside the dealership, Bianca sat on Kanye's lap as they joined the saleswoman at her desk. She wore a skintight sheer top and a pair of tan-coloured shorts. She stuck to the pale blue eyeshadow, that she wore earlier this week, and pink lipstick. Kanye wore an all-black outfit with chunky boots.
Earlier this week, Bianca was seen licking an ice cream cone while wearing a matching silver metallic bra and skirt set. The lowrise skirt barely covered her groin area, showing off her underwear, while the top showed off some cleavage. Bianca 's hair was styled in a slicked back bun and wore blue eye shadow, while still embracing a natural look, showing off her core area and pairing the look with strappy heels. Per usual, Kanye was by her side wearing a black long sleeved shirt, black pants and sunglasses.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.