January 30, 2024
Kanye West had to get one paparazzi together after she chased him down and asked about his wife, Bianca Censori. 
Kanye West had to get one paparazzi together after she chased him down and asked about his wife, Bianca Censori. 
The hip-hop/fashion mogul was on Hollywood Boulevard on Monday, Jan. 29, to attend Charlie Wilson’s Walk of Fame ceremony when a woman ran up to him and asked if his wife had free will. A video captured by TMZ shows the moments Kanye snatched the woman’s phone and started lecturing her after she asked the bold question.
“People want to know if Bianca has her free will, some people are saying you’re controlling her…” she said.
The screen on her phone went black as Kanye could be heard yelling about the “dumb a** sh*t” she just asked him.
Kanye snatches the phone of a stupid paparazzi who asked him if Bianca had free will pic.twitter.com/FnmPOo7WsG
“Don’t come at me with that dumbass s–t, I’m a person. Are you crazy?”
He continued, “I’m a legend, I’m here to support Charlie Wilson and you come ask me some dumbass s–t about my wife. That’s my wife.”
“You asked me if my wife had free will. Was that a dumba**, disrespectful question to ask a grown-a** superhero,” West said. “Was that wrong or right? Answer the question, I’m supposed to answer your questions, answer my questions.”
Kanye then asked the paparazzi if she had “free will” or if she “works for the devil.” The woman only asked for her phone back as others walked over and tried to de-escalate the situation. 
The Yeezy founder concluded by offering the woman a job and saying he would pay her twice her current salary. The encounter comes amid new reports that accuse Kanye of banning his wife from using social media to avoid seeing negative comments about the couple.
“Bianca has always had social media, and she was active on it – until she married Kanye,” an insider told DailyMail. “He doesn’t want her to have it because he thinks that it will hurt her if she had to read the nasty things that people say.”
In October, insiders claim Kanye told Bianca that she could “never speak” and implemented a set of rules to live by, including what to wear and eat. The former Yeezy architect turned wife has been going viral for her barely there outfits that many believe are forced upon her.
“She is wearing what he wants, going where he wants, and doing what he wants because she really has no other choice,” the source said. “She went from being his designer to his wife, which is, unfortunately, not a paid position. She’s trapped.”
RELATED CONTENT: Kanye West To Release 40-Minute Apology To Jewish Community Ahead Of Album Release
© 2025 Black Enterprise. All Rights Reserved.