Kanye West appeared to be "in control" in a recent snap of him and his wife, as Aussie beauty Bianca Censori appeared to feel "tense" and "uncomfortable".
The rapper, 46, recently shared a selection of provocative photos online of his wife, who turned 29 on January 6. Sharing one racy snap that saw her sport a g-string and some fur covering her breasts, Ye penned: "No pants this year".
He also shared several other snaps, with Bianca donning sexy attire in each photo. And now Bianca's body language has been analysed by an expert who senses that the model and architect felt "uncomfortable, worried and tense".
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West's wife Bianca Censori 'having doubts' after rapper shared provocative snaps
"Bianca's body language isn't that of a powerful, confident woman standing in her own light," body language Inbaal Honigman revealed exclusively to The Mirror. She added: "Those racy snaps show a very tense lady, in a situation that she doesn't know how to manage."
Inbaal noted that Bianca's shoulders appeared to be "pulled back in quite an extreme way". She said: "This pose isn't new, we've seen this in previous shots, and she may do the shoulder thing if she finds it flattering in photos, or she may do it because Kanye asks her to.
"Regardless of the reason, the extreme shoulder pull is a tense pose that requires a lot of effort from her back and arm muscles, she isn't standing at her ease. Bianca's tension is evident."
Touching on how Bianca's expression appeared, Inbaal said it was "not calm or happy either", noting: "Her lowered eyebrows and downwards-turned mouth suggest that she's worried and uncomfortable."
Taking a look at the mirror selfie of the pair, Inbaal concluded her analysis by saying: "In contrast, Kanye's mirror selfie shows a man who's feeling like a guy in charge. His legs are strong and stable, planted shoulder-width apart, his shoulders are even and balanced, telling us that he's perfectly comfortable with himself.
"He's looking at himself in the phone screen, his eyes lowered and forehead knotted, focused, showing us that he's feeling in control."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.