Bianca Censori showed off a drastic change to her appearance as she dined with husband Kanye West.
The 29-year-old has now become infamous for the bizarre outfits she wears while out and about with the rapper, but now she’s decided to revamp her pixie cut hairstyle as she and Kanye travel around Italy. The controversial couple are hosting listening parties across the picturesque country for the rapper’s new album Vultures I, which features a nude Bianca on the front cover.
They surprised onlookers while at the Four Seasons hotel in Milan on Thursday as they sat together and snuggled up to each other while enjoying a meal at the exclusive celeb haunt. Bianca could be seen rocking her new ‘do, ditching her platinum blonde locks for a short, messy cut complete with wet look bangs dyed black. The married couple looked besotted with each other as they dined at the Four Seasons ahead of Kanye’s listening party for his latest album.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kanye West needs to 'pay attention' to unhappy Bianca Censori after 'uncomfortable' outing
However, Bianca decided to stick with her provocative outfit choices and wore a sheer black bodysuit which exposed her breasts and bum as she accompanied her husband to the listening party. Kanye and Bianca will be heading to Bologna for another event where fans and critics can gather to listen to his new album, and the couple will then head to France on Sunday for yet another party in Paris, according to TMZ.
It was recently revealed that Bianca’s racy style has angered Kanye’s ex-wife Kim Kardashian, who shares four children with the Flashing Lights hitmaker - North, 10, Saint, 8, Chicago, 6, and Psalm, 4. The Skims founder has reportedly demanded the Australian architect cover up while around her children, and has instructed Kanye to “never let Bianca dress like that around their kids”.
A source told the Daily Mail that Kim was stunned that Kanye would “let his wife leave the house like that”, after the rapper complained to Kim during their marriage about her skin-baring outfits. He famously hated The Kardashians star’s Thierry Mugler wet-look dress for the Met Gala, as he felt it was too revealing, but has turned a blind eye to Bianca’s avant garde fashion, with his new wife heading out wearing just teddy bears or chainmail thongs.
It’s not known if Kanye will continue his tour of Europe to host listening parties for Vultures I after Apple Music pulled the album from streaming over copyright infringement issues. It was reported that the album will be removed from all streaming services after Kanye uploaded it to the music platforms without permission, according to Billboard.
Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.