After loads of risque outfits that risked fines while in Europe, Bianca Censori is back on U.S. soil–but still keeping her attire on the revealing side for outings with her husband Kanye West. 
The former Yeezy architect caused quite a stir while attending Fashion Week events in Paris, specifically after wearing a pair of sheer tights without underwear and a sheer top that could have landed her in jail.
She continued the trend with another shocking outfit that forced her to cover her privates with a cell phone as she walked outside.
After her father’s public criticisms and outcry over her transformation since she married the rapper, Bianca was at it once again as she stepped out in Los Angeles for a listening party in honor of Kanye’s Vultures 2 album.
The newest look was showcased on Friday night.
Read more: Kanye West's alarming history of trying to change his partners including Kim K
Walking into the party, Bianca sported a sheer black thong bodysuit–putting her bare butt cheeks on full display as a result.
She paired the outfit with only a pair of thigh-high black garter boots, and kept her dark hair slicked back into a bun.
Meanwhile, her husband wore his standard black coat, black pants and shoes, with a light-colored hoodie underneath.
The listening party came on the same day the album was supposed to be released to the public–but was delayed.
DON'T MISSKanye West's wife Bianca Censori 'embarrassed' father's cruel statement [LATEST]Kanye West ignores Bianca cheating rumors in new rant [UPDATE]Kim Kardashian 'fears for kids' safety' after Kanye's angry rant in deleted post [INSIGIHT]
We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. Read our Privacy Policy
The skimpy outfits also arrive on the heels of more alarming behavior from West, which has added to the already-present concerns Bianca’s family and friends had expressed for her.
Most recently, West took to social media to blast ex-wife Kim Kardashian and demand she remove their kids–North, Saint, Chicago and Psalm–from the private school they were attending.
Naming the school in his post prompted new security concerns for the reality star and mogul, because it led to fears that anyone could then approach the school to gain access to the kids.
SEARCH
CONNECT WITH US
TODAY'S PAPER
 See today's front and back pages, download the newspaper, order back issues and use the historic Daily Express newspaper archive.
EXPRESS.CO.UK
Daily Express uses notifications to keep you updated