By JACQUELINE LINDENBERG FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  00:06, 29 March 2024   |  Updated:  00:37, 29 March 2024   
 45
View  comments
Amber Rose claimed that her ex, Kanye West, wanted her to 'dress very sexy' during their two-year relationship, despite her being 'conservative' from a young age. 
The model, 40 - who previously accused the Heartless rapper, 46, of calling her a 'prostitute' and bullying her - opened up about the topic on Thursday's episode of the Just B With Bethenny Frankel podcast. 
The former couple notably dated from 2008 until their messy split took place in 2010. 
'I am conservative actually. I have always been conservative since I was young,' the mother-of-two expressed to the host and RHONY alum.  
When she began to date the music artist, Amber explained that she became 'this sexpot type of girl.'
Amber Rose, 40, claimed that her ex, Kanye West, 46, wanted her to 'dress very sexy' during their two-year relationship, despite her being 'conservative' from a young age'; seen in June 2023 in Anaheim 
'I am conservative actually. I have always been conservative since I was young,' the mother-of-two expressed to the host and RHONY alum; former couple seen in 2010 in Paris 
'That was my first relationship with a celebrity ever but also in the public eye. And he knows a lot about fashion and he always wanted me to dress very sexy,' she said. 
The TV personality added that at the time of the relationship, she was 'young' and went along with it, although it was far from who she was. 
At the start of their relationship, Amber was 24-years-old, while West - also known as Ye - was in his early 30s. 
Rose also explained that the 'sexy' image that she had been pushed into while dating Kanye affected her even after their separation. 
'So when I was out on my own, without my first relationship that kind of brought me to the light, that's what they wanted from me.' 
She recalled, 'I would have producers saying, "We want to do this video for MTV and we want you at the pool, with a bikini on, martini in your hand."'
'And I'm like, "Ugh, I'm so not her." Like, I'm so not her and I get what I come off as but I am so not her. And they're like, "Well I guess you don't want to do it then."' 
Amber has discussed her relationship with West in the past, and earlier this year her past interview on the No Jumper podcast in 2020 resurfaced. 
When she began to date the music artist, Amber explained that she became 'this sexpot type of girl'; seen in 2010 in Paris 
'That was my first relationship with a celebrity ever but also in the public eye. And he knows a lot about fashion and he always wanted me to dress very sexy,' she added; seen in 2009 in Pairs 
'I'm a compassionate person, I have empathy. I'm a good person. That's why people love me. That's why anybody I've ever dated always loved me.'
'You can't really mention anybody who ever says anything bad about me except for him because I got away. I'm not like him at all. I didn't get anything from him,' Amber added. 
She then talked about the rapper bullying her years after their split and s**t-shaming her. 'That's what narcissists do, right?'
'You share two years with someone, you take them around the world, you buy the jewelry, you shout-out to the world how much you love them...'
'And how much fun you have with this person and then the person decides that this is not what they want their life to be. I opted out...' Rose then recalled a past comment West made where he claimed he took '30 showers' after being with her.
'But to s**t-shame me and say you needed 30 showers, it's like, bro. Took me around the world, since when do you need 30 showers? I could see if it was a one-night thing and you want to s**t-shame me, okay. But you've done a lot for me.' 
In regards to ending the relationship after two years, Amber said, 'It's just not my type of people. It's not my down-to-earth cool people. I like cool people.' 
'I like compassionate people. I'm not vindictive. I've been offered book deals to talk about him and just wild s**t. I don't want money from stuff like that,' she expressed, and later added, 'Even if somebody is picking on me, which he has for 10 years. He has bullied me for 10 years.' 
Rose also explained that the 'sexy' image that she had been pushed into while dating Kanye affected her even after their separation; seen in 2014 in Los Angeles 
Amber has discussed her relationship with West in the past, and earlier this year in January, her past interview on the No Jumper podcast in 2020 resurfaced; seen in 2009 in NYC 
She also recalled at the time how he had recently called her a 'prostitute,' and Amber responded by saying, 'Ten years later, just leave me alone. I don't bother you. I don't talk about you.'  
Her latest interview with Frankel comes amid her ex, Kanye, and wife Bianca Censori drawing attention for her very daring and risqué outfits.
Earlier this week, a source informed Page Six that West considers Censori's skimpy wardrobe as 'performance art.' 
'People are confusing Bianca's creativity. She is a phenomenal personality, a phenomenal actor, who can entertain the public. She's a performance artist. Bianca is as much a performer as Ye is.' 
On occasion, Kanye will also take to his main Instagram page to uploaded photos of his scantily-clad wife. Last week, he shared a snap of Bianca laying in a massive bed as she scrolled through her phone.
Ye's musical partner, Malik Yusef, also stated, 'I think it's Ye saying, "My b***h is living in the lap of luxury, I don't know what you all are doing today, but I hope you're all just chilling like me. This is my business." The room is all bed. It's a new context on bedroom.' 
'She makes her own decisions on how to dress. I think [she and West] experiment together and say, "Hey, this is beautiful,"' Malik continued. 
Also last week, Bianca was spotted covering up in a thick, fuzzy coat as she stepped out for dinner with her step-daughter, North West, and Kanye. 
Her latest interview with Bethenny Frankel comes amid her ex, Kanye, and wife Bianca Censori drawing attention for her very daring and risqué outfits; seen in February in Milan 
On occasion, Kanye will also take to his main Instagram page to uploaded photos of his scantily-clad wife. Last week, he shared a snap of Bianca laying in a massive bed as she scrolled through her phone
Earlier this week, a source informed Page Six that West considers Censori's skimpy wardrobe as 'performance art'
Last month, Kim notably warned her ex-husband that Censori needs to 'cover up' when around their children.
Earlier this month, sources told DailyMail.com that both the rapper and Bianca have been asked by her father, Leo, to fly to Australia in order to address concerns over her latest X-rated makeover.
Her loved ones have also expressed concern over the rapper's 'controlling ways' over the Australian-born architect.  
However, a source recently told DailyMail.com that, 'Bianca has talked to her family and she has told her friends the same thing since she was last back home, namely that she knows what she is doing and she has this under control.' 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group