By HEIDI PARKER FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  01:05, 8 February 2024   |  Updated:  01:22, 8 February 2024   
 148
View  comments
Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham are getting serious, it was claimed on Wednesday.
The reality TV star, 43, and the football player, 31, have been happily dating for five months, UsWeekly reported, but are being careful to stay under the radar so as not to invite judgment.
'Odell's personality is much more private than Kardashian's,' a source told the site. 
The athlete is more 'low key,' it was shared, and he doesn't want to be headline news like she was with Kanye West, Kris Humphries as well as Reggie Bush, and, more recently, Pete Davidson.
Now the SKIMS founder and the Baltimore Ravens player are 'trying to figure out the next steps' to their romance.
It seems to be an odd connection as her younger sister Khloe Kardashian reportedly dated Odell briefly in 2016. 
Kim Kardashian and Odell Beckham are getting serious, it was claimed on Wednesday. The reality TV star, 43, and the football player, 31, have been dating, UsWeekly reported, but are being careful to stay under the radar so as not to invite criticism
Baltimore Ravens' Odell Beckham Jr. plays during the AFC Championship NFL football game, on January 28, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
Reps for Kardashian and Beckham Jr. didn't immediately return requests for comment from DailyMail.com.
Odell has also worked with Kim's younger half sister Kendall Jenner for the Moon toothpaste campaign in 2021. 
Kim and Odell were rumored to be at the same pre-Grammy party last week with TMZ claiming there was talk they were amorous.
The star-studded pre-Grammy bash was thrown by Jay-Z at the exclusive Bird Streets club and also saw other celebrity attendees including Lil Uzi Vert as well as Kris Jenner's boyfriend Corey Gamble.
An insider exclusively revealed to DailyMail.com last month that Kim is 'fond' of Odell.
But she wants to keep mum as speculation of their romance continue. 
'Kim wants to keep her romantic life as private as she can right now,' an insider told DailyMail.com. 
'Odell's personality is much more private than Kardashian's,' a source told the site. The athlete is more 'low key,' it was shared and he doesn't want to be headline news like she was with Kanye West, Kris Humphries and Reggie Bush, and, more recently, Pete Davidson
Now the SKIMS founder and the Baltimore Ravens player are 'trying to figure out the next steps' to their romance
The source continued: 'She wants to protect her private life a bit more than she has done in the past.'
Kim was first linked to the NFL star in September 2023. They had started 'hanging out' following the wide receiver's split with his longtime girlfriend Lauren Wood.
Odell and his ex share son Zydn — whom they welcomed together in February 2022. 
And in November she even attended his 31st birthday party looking like quite the gift.
Kim shares four children with her ex Kanye West — with whom she was married for around seven years until their split and divorce was finalized in November 2022.
The former couple are parents to North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four. 
Meanwhile, Khloe appears to be single since her last split from basketball star Tristan Thompson.
Together they co-parent daughter True and son Tatum. 
It seems to be an odd connection as her younger sister Khloe Kardashian reportedly dated Odell briefly in 2016
Odell has also worked with Kim's younger half sister Kendall Jenner for the Moon toothpaste campaign in 2021

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group