Kanye West likes to get his own way and this seems to be especially true when it comes to his high-profile romances.
The rapper has faced an intense backlash recently as he's been accused of "controlling" his new wife Bianca Censori. It's believed Kanye, 46, has a set of rules Bianca has to follow including specific foods she can eat and to "never speak".
He's also behind Bianca's fashion transformation, with the 29-year-old told to only wear the clothes her husband wants her to. Unfortunately, this isn't the first time Kanye has altered a partner to suit his wants. Here, we've taken a look at all of the times he has tried to change his partners.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
READ MORE: Kanye West shares throwback clip of daughter North amid new row with ex Kim Kardashian
Bianca Censori has become known for her daring outfits, with the model often ditching her underwear and opting for very revealing clothes to gain headlines. However, she hasn't always dressed this way.
The 29-year-old used to be a big fan of comfy workout gear and when she wanted to get dressed up, her outfits of choice seemed to include plenty of colour and bold prints. Now, she has taken a more Avant Garde approach to fashion, with it reported Kanye picks out each of her looks.
"Kanye has a set of rules for Bianca, which includes never speak and wear what he wants her to wear," a source said. Speaking to the Daily Mail, they added: "She is also required to eat certain food items and to work out even though Kanye doesn’t work out."
They claimed Bianca now has "no mind of her own" and "obeys" her husband because he has "convinced her that they are royal". Her friends are said to have tried staging an intervention to help Bianca, but it seems nothing has worked.
Another source told the publication Bianca's pals find it "creepy" that Kanye has "banned" her from using social media. They added: "This strong Bianca that was not going to deal with his s*** anymore has seemingly vanished."
Bianca's dad Leo Censori is also believed to be furious by Bianca's transformation and wants to have a "proper sit down with Kanye and ask him what the hell he is thinking," adding that the rapper "parades Bianca around like a trashy naked trophy pony." A source told the Daily Mail : "He knows that there is no way in hell that Kanye would allow this for his daughters so it makes no sense why he would encourage this for his own wife."
Julia Fox may have only dated Kanye for a month, but the romance seems to have had a lasting impact on her. After just two dates, Kanye bought the actress a completely new wardrobe and started to advise her on how to style her hair and what makeup to wear.
Writing in her memoir Down the Drain, Julia said: "I don't know how he did it, or how he got all of it there in time. But I was so surprised. Like, who does things like this on a second date? Or any date!"
She said clothes were Kanye's "love language". And it seems it wasn't just Julia's clothes he wanted to change. In her book, she accused Kanye of offering to pay to get her a boob job.
Julia said no and began eyeing up the exit from the relationship. She described feeling like a "puppet" during her relationship with Kanye and said he "weaponised" her against his ex-wife Kim Kardashian.
Kanye introduced his ex-wife Kim to high-fashion and he completely changed her wardrobe when they first started dating. Not only that, but Kanye happily told the reality star how much he disapproved of her look.
"I always thought I had really good style—until I met my husband and he told me that I had the worst style. He was really nice about it and cleaned out my whole closet," Kim recalled at the Business of Fashion's inaugural BoF West summit.
However, Kim admitted she had been reduced to tears when Kanye got rid of her favourite items. She said he got rid of more than 200 pairs of her shoes.
Kim came to rely on Kanye and he even continued to style her for months after she filed for divorce. On an episode of The Kardashians, Kim told her sister Kourtney Kardashian that she became so reliant on Kanye's opinion that she ended up asking his advice on "everything".
Amber Rose dated Kanye West for two years, from 2008 until 2010, and their relationship was often in the headlines. Their romance was rocky and they had a highly-publicised split, with Amber going on to label Kanye a "bully".
She revealed how Kanye would style her for events and once even decided what she would wear for an Elle magazine photoshoot. After their split, Kanye publicly criticised his ex-girlfriend and cruelly joked he needed "30 showers" after their breakup.
Appearing on the No Jumper podcast, Amber shot back: "He has picked on me for 10 years. He has bullied me for 10 years." She added: "I'm a compassionate person. I have empathy. I'm a good person.
"That's why people love me. That's why anybody I've ever dated loved me. You can't really mention anyone that says anything really bad about me - except for him, because I got away."
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on TikTok , Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.