Kanye West’s former assistant’s 88-page lawsuit details second assault attempt after alleging that he drugged and raped her while at one of Sean ‘Diddy’ Combs’s parties.
The disturbing claims have been made by influencer and former OnlyFans star Lauren Pisciotta, who has already sued West once before.
In June, the social media star alleged that he sexually harassed and stalked her while she worked for him from 2021 until 2022.
The rapper denied the previous claims and branded them ‘baseless’. While yet to file a defence, he accused Pisciotta of ‘blackmail and extortion’.
In the extensive lawsuit, Pisciotta not only alleges the drugged incident at a Combs party but also that West, 47, harassed and assaulted her on other occasions too.
Piscoitta, 36, claims she always refused to have sex with him so West reportedly attempted to force himself on her a second time in a hotel.
In what Pisciotta describes as the worst incident in his pattern, West allegedly banged on her door at 6am when the group were staying at the St Regis Hotel in San Francisco in 2021.
According to the lawsuit, the rapper said he needed to use her shower as his ‘was out of order’ and immediately began undressing and Pisciotta retreated to the separate bedroom.
Minutes later, the water stopped running and West is said to have walked into the bedroom with nothing but a towel covering himself; which he then dropped.
‘Ye then stepped onto the bed and stood tall, straddling himself over [Pisciotta’s] body and looking down on her,’ the lawsuit alleged.
‘[Pisciotta], in a shocked state, somewhat braced herself for what might happen next.’
He then leaned closer, bracing himself on the headboard and ‘attempted to forcefully thrust his naked body onto and penis into [her] face.’
The lawsuit continued: ‘[Pisciotta] started to move her body to get up, pleading with West to stop. West removed his hand from the wall behind the headboard, forcing [Pisciotta] to stay in place.
‘At first, [West] ignored [Pisciotta’s] pleas to stop, [she] stated over and over again to West “I don’t want to do this, I don’t want to do this.’
According to the documents, he ‘grew annoyed and tired’ of her refusal and pleading so climbed off the bed and said ‘sorry’, assuring Pisciotta it wouldn’t happen again.
Another incident detailed by the lawsuit states West once trapped Pisciotta in his bedroom during a flight, masturbating until he fell asleep.
She claims she had already declined his requests for a ‘hug’, after which he allegedly sent a picture of a couple embracing and stated: ‘When I say I need a hug this is what I mean’.
The bedroom door lock was broken so could only be opened from the outside, so Pisciotta could not leave after West shut the door, having asked to speak to her inside.
Pisciotta sat on a chair in the room as West masturbated under the covers. Once he was asleep she texted others on the plane to free her but received no response.
The lawsuit claims she ‘pulled her knees up under her sweatshirt, cradled her face into her knees, and hugged her legs close to her chest and silently cried so she would not wake [West]’.
Eventually, a male colleague came on a ‘rescue mission’ to open the door and allow her to leave the room.
The bombshell lawsuit makes a string of unsettling accusations, including West having sick sexual obsessions and fantasising about wanting to sleep with his targets’ mothers, including the family of his wife Bianca Censori.
Former Yeezy employee Pisciotta has said she first met the Gold Digger hitmaker when he invited her and a client to a studio session and party co-hosted by himself and Combs.
According to legal documents obtained by DailyMail.com, she was handed a drink by West himself, after which she ‘started to feel disorientated’ before she slipped into ‘a highly impaired state’.
‘She felt less in control of her body and speech, and that is where [her] memories of the night escape [her],’ it has been claimed.
The next day, Pisciotta felt ‘ashamed and embarrassed’ that she couldn’t recall the evening’s events while her musician client, who attended with her, refused to discuss what happened.
Pisciotta has said she only discovered the truth years later in West’s final weeks as her boss, understanding why her client felt ‘too traumatised’ to speak out until then.
After originally believing she had been drugged by a studio assistant but managing to get home without being attacked, Pisciotta learnt the extent of the night’s events from West himself.
West’s ex-wife – not named in the lawsuit but believed to be Kim Kardashian, who is his only former spouse – allegedly commented on him and Pisciotta having an affair in November 2022, to which Pisciotta said she wanted to contact her to set the record straight.
Pisciotta believed Kardashian, 43, who married West in 2014, was ‘under the wrong impression’ about their working relationship.
However, she has claimed West told her she couldn’t send a message to clear the air, because of what happened at the Santa Monica party.
‘We did, kind of, hook up a little one time,’ the lawsuit claimed West told Pisciotta. 
‘[West] then immediately proceeded to reminisce about the time he was referring to… where he “hooked up” with [Pisciotta] after she had been drugged,’ the lawsuit added.
Pisciotta claimed West had told Kardashian they ‘hooked up’ but ‘left out the true nature and severity of what he did to [her]’.
Had Kardashian ‘been told the truth and known [Pisciotta] was, in fact, drugged and sexually assaulted by Kanye West’ she would never have made the comment, the lawsuit states.
Pisciotta allegedly told West that she did not remember anything from the party, to which he laughed in response.
He is said to have told her: ‘Women love to say they don’t remember’, before changing the subject.
Elsewhere in the lawsuit, Pisciotta claimed West’s true nature was ‘predatory, aggressive, compulsive, vulgar, perverse, and frighteningly calculative’.
He has been labelled a ‘premeditative and sadistic groomer’ who has taken advantage of his superstardom to fuel his ‘insatiable sexual gratification’ and ‘animalistic desires’ with ‘little boundaries’.
West married Censori, 29, two years ago. The Australian architectural designer met him when she began working at Yeezy in November 2020.
Their relationship has been a hot topic ever since they were first spotted together, with Censori frequently seen in public wearing extremely revealing outfits while her spouse is fully clothed.
In her lawsuit, Piscotta claims West sent her a screenshot on September 28, 2022, of a text chain between him and his wife, talking about having sex with her mother.
‘I want to f**k your mom. Before she leaves,’ he wrote, as per the suit.
He asked Pisciotta: ‘Should I add I meant I want you to watch me f**k your mom?’
West also messaged Pisciotta on September 13, 2022, asking about an ‘A-list fashion model’ who he was ‘determined’ to have sex with, requesting for her to work on his sunglasses campaign.
‘Is [young A-list fashion model] better for me than [different A-list fashion model]? How do I tell her I need to f**k her mom baaad’.
While shooting for the campaign, West headed for breaks, during which he instructed wife Censori and other female guests to perform oral sex on him and fellow men in the changing rooms.
He later boasted about this to Pisciotta, as well as the time in June 2022 when he allegedly drank a bottle of wine with a model before inserting it into her vagina.
‘I feel like you could be a spectator… I just feel like she needs an audience. A beautiful audience lol,’ he wrote, the lawsuit claimed.
Other disconcerting texts sent from West to Piscotta include the time she was delayed with travel due to work visas.
Saying he wanted to go back to Los Angeles, he wrote: ‘Aaaaaaaaand there’s soooo much p***y in LA I may rent a room, take the honey pack, drink some tequila and just take appointments…
‘I’m a great guy and dad. But I love bad b***hes and I love the f*k the s**t outa bad b***hes and make them fall in love too.’
Pisciotta makes several other claims about West abusing his connections at high-profile brands, such as Adidas and Gap, to get women into the US on work visas so he could sleep with them.
They were given ‘obscure job titles’ at his companies and made to sign non-disclosure agreements.
However, he is believed to have been ‘brazenly open’ with Pisciotta and other staff about what happened, divulging ‘grotesque details’, including telling them that he filmed his sexual encounters to ‘get the full picture’.
The lawsuit also claims West often ‘offered up’ his sexual partners, employees, and women he trafficked as ‘gifts’ to his friends and colleagues.
Pisciotta claimed he tried to ‘gift’ her too, but was unsuccessful.
It’s believed West would host sex parties at hotels including Nobu Ryokan Malibu, Beverly Hills Waldorf Astoria, and San Ysidro Ranch in Montecito, California. 
He also, according to the suit, was insistent on having sex with Pisciotta, which she claims became a ‘game’ to him.
Pisciotta has said many of West’s friends and fellow A-listers expressed concern about his behaviour towards her and asked if she needed help.
Reps for Kanye West have been contacted for comment.
Got a story?
If you’ve got a celebrity story, video or pictures get in touch with the Metro.co.uk entertainment team by emailing us celebtips@metro.co.uk, calling 020 3615 2145 or by visiting our Submit Stuff page – we’d love to hear from you.
Arrow
MORE: Justin Bieber ‘disgusted’ by Diddy allegations and has been ‘warned to stay away’ from him
Arrow
MORE: Beyonce and Jay-Z’s lawyer reveals ‘blunt ultimatum’ he gave Piers Morgan over Diddy remark