By JUSTIN ENRIQUEZ FOR DAILYMAIL.COM and JASON CHESTER FOR MAILONLINE 
 Published:  15:11, 11 December 2024   |  Updated:  18:03, 11 December 2024   
 371
View  comments
Kim Kardashian has reportedly started dating someone new and is attempting to keep it private for now just eight months after ending her relationship with NFL star Odell Beckham Jr.
The 44-year-old reality star - who fans are begging to work with CEO shooter suspect Luigi Mangione - is currently being courted in a low-key way according to UsWeekly on Wednesday.
A source for the weekly told the publication that Kim 'has started dating someone new' and is 'keeping it very under wraps.' 
Kim is no stranger to a high profile romance as her dating history includes the aforementioned Odell, Pete Davidson, and a marriage to Kanye West, however, it is claimed that she may be doing something different this time around.
The insider said: ' She’s said the next person she dates will be someone who isn’t famous.
It has been said that since her most recent split, her main focus was not on dating but on her mogul and acting careers along with parenting 
Kim Kardashian has reportedly started dating someone new and is attempting to keep it private for now
 Kim shares four children with her ex-husband Kanye West - North, 11, Saint, ten, Chicago, six, and Psalm, five.
Back in March it was revealed that Kim and Odell had split - a year after they were romantically linked.
The TV personality began dating the American football player, 32 - currently playing for the Miami Dolphins - last spring.
But the couple have not been seen together since March 10 and a joint appearance at the the Vanity Fair Oscars viewing party in Los Angeles.
It was recently reported that Kim 'liked the idea' of having a fifth baby with Odell, however it's understood that reveal they have parted ways and are 'no longer seeing one another.' 
The split may come as a shock to some as it was reported by Life and Style magazine that Kim was even hoping to welcome a baby with Odell. 
As Kim is a mother to four, Odell also already has a child - a son Zydn, two, with his ex-girlfriend Lauren Wood. 
The wideout had dated fitness entrepreneur and influencer Lauren for four years, taking their relationship public in 2019.
A source for UsWeekly said that Kim 'has started dating someone new' and is 'keeping it very under wraps.; she is pictured in New York back in September 
This comes eight months after her reported split from NFL star Odell Beckham Jr, who is seen in Miami last month
They welcomed Zydn in February 2022 before splitting last year with the break-up confirmed in September when Odell began 'hanging out' with Kim.
Kim and Odell added to growing speculation about their romance by heading to Chateau Marmont for Jay-Z and Beyonce's post-Oscars party earlier this month.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star had earlier graced the red carpet at the Vanity Fair party before zipping to the superstar bash.
As she left the party, she was followed Odell, who looked dashing in a leather blazer for the evening of the stars.
A week prior to the split, Kim set tongues wagging when she posted her latest selfie, where she penned a cryptic caption reading: 'miss u'. 
Many believed she could have been referring to missing her new flame Odell, to whom she has been linked since last September.
The speculation-sparking post came after her momager Kris Jenner said Kim would not be getting married anytime soon.
The Kardashians matriarch, 68, revealed her daughter Kim does not have plans to get married 'yet' amid her romance with Odell.
The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star had earlier graced the red carpet at the Vanity Fair party before zipping to the superstar bash 
At the event, she said that there will not be any weddings in her family soon as she and Kim 'have no marriage plans...yet,' according to People.
'All of us are just having fun,' she said about herself as well as daughter Kendall Jenner, who is rumored to be reconciling with her ex, NBA star Devin Booker.
Kim was first romantically linked to Odell in September 2023. They were spotted out in public for the first time last month and later labelled their relationship as exclusive.
They were seen at a luxury hotel together ahead of the Super Bowl in Las Vegas in early February.
It was recently claimed that Odell was eyeing up a move from Baltimore Ravens to Taylor Swift's boyfriend Travis Kelce's beloved team in  Kansas City Chiefs in a bid to be 'closer' to Kim, who lives in Los Angeles.
A week prior to the split, Kim set tongues wagging when she posted her latest selfie, where she penned a cryptic caption reading: 'miss u' 
Insiders claimed the sportsman was planning a 'future' with the SKIMS founder and she was part of his reason to move to the Chiefs.
'Odell is a free agent and is looking to sign with a team that will get him closer to LA to be closer to Kim,' an insider told DailyMail.com exclusively.
'He loved his time with Baltimore and may sign with them again, but he has many more options and he is now going to use his personal life as a means of supporting his professional life.'
The insider continued: 'Kim and Odell are firing on all cylinders and it is very simple right now between them because she can still do her thing, be a mom and he can do his thing.
'There is no wedding bells to consider, it is just fun and physical right now. He would love to be closer to Kim as he sees a future with her.'
It was recently claimed that Odell was eyeing up a move from Baltimore Ravens to Taylor Swift's boyfriend Travis Kelce's beloved team in Kansas City Chiefs in a bid to be 'closer' to Kim, who lives in Los Angeles (pictured with Chiefs star Travis) 
Prior to her romance with Odell, Kim was in a nine month relationship with comedian Pete Davidson (pictured at the Met Gala in 2022)
Kim and and Pete were first linked in October 2021 weeks after Kim made her hosting debut on Saturday Night Live , where the now ex-couple shared an on-screen kiss 
They finished: 'Odell might sign with the Chiefs, and we all know what that would mean. Kim and Taylor in the same building – talk about fireworks.' 
Prior to her romance with Odell, Kim was in a nine month relationship with comedian Pete Davidson.
Kim and and Pete were first linked in October 2021 weeks after Kim made her hosting debut on Saturday Night Live, where the now ex-couple shared an on-screen kiss.
However after less than a year together, an insider revealed the pair decided to just be friends - citing  demanding schedules and the long distance as Pete works on a project in Australia while Kim is based in the U.S.

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group