Kanye West has shocked fans after sharing new photos of his wife Bianca Censori on social media.
The Stronger rapper often shares snaps of his wife - including one of her in a catsuit and another of her cooking while wearing a black leather mask, knee-high heeled boots, and a sheer barely there body suit. Just hours after publishing a photo and a video of Bianca wearing black shorts and a white top with the writing 'WET', Ye posted a very different snap where his wife is almost fully covered, and her body can only just be seen.
The latest snap shows Bianca wearing a long leopard print coat, that even covers her head. Only one foot, with black high heels, and part of her chest can be seen as she walks in her long coat.
READ MORE: Kanye West 'asserting control' over 'sad' Bianca Censori by giving her role in his empire
The snap, captioned "DRY", appears to be in response to the singer's previous posts which he captioned "DRY". Commenting on the post, a person wrote: "This one about to be deleted after he realizes we notice she has clothes on lol."
Someone else commented: "Much more modest Ye!!! Proud of you!" Another added: "She has clothes on, someone check on Kayne."
But a concerned fan pointed out: "Is it even Ye posting? He turning into the male Britney." Many other fans urged the singer to drop his next album as one asked: "album dropping when?????" Another said: "Good job bro, now drop the album."
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US.
Earlier today, relationship expert Louella Alderson told The Mirror that Kanye is asserting "dominance and control" over his wife, but the 29-year-old model does not seem to be happy about her new role as "muse" in his music and fashion empire. After pictures emerged of Bianca looking downcast as she waited for her husband to pick her up outside a hotel in los Angeles, Louella said: "Bianca's relationship with Kanye could be causing her to be sad.
"The happiest Bianca has been photographed is back in Melbourne with her friends and family. This speaks to a possible disconnect or unhappiness in her marriage with Kanye.
"Bianca's lack of smiling and positive energy could also be a part of the brand that Kanye wants her to give off. Kanye has always been a controversial and polarising figure, and he may have specific expectations for how his wife presents herself in public. This could include being more serious or seductive rather than happy or carefree. Kanye himself doesn't smile in many pictures, so it could be a part of the image he wants to project for himself and his wife."
Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat, Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, YouTube and Threads.
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.