Kim Kardashian and Kanye West seem "icy" in their latest co-parenting outing.
The reality TV star and the rapper came face to face Friday night as they sat in the stands watching their eight-year-old son Saint's basketball game. While the two chatted with their daughter Chicago, six, and sat in the same row, they left ample space between them.
"With two-seat gap between them that neither of them seemed keen to breach, Kim and Kanye both chose to make that icy spacial gap even greater with what looked like a series of ‘ignores’," Body language expert, Judi James. explained.
For all the latest on news, politics, sports, and showbiz from the USA, go to The Mirror US .
READ MORE: Kim Kardashian and Kanye West in tense stand-off as they reunite at son's basketball game
Judi shared her thoughts with The Mirror, elaborating that while the two were communicating, their facial expressions didn't show any kind of pleasantries. "There is some form of communication between them here but none of the kind of facial feature softening or eye smiling that you might get with a more friendly encounter," she said.
"Kim seems to stare coldly at her ex and although we can’t see his face, the suggestion from the angle of his head is that he is staring right back," Judi added.
The formally married couple were also attached to their phones during the game, a telltale sign that they didn't want to talk to each other. Judi said: "Both use their cell phones to complete the ritual of ignoring each other though, tapping into their keyboards to keep them and their attention signals occupied to avoid engaging in a rapport-building chat.
"Kanye’s shoulders look slumped and hunched forward in a look of misery while Kim’s tightened lips as she studies her phone suggests tension,” she added.
Kanye and Kim married in 2014 in Florence, Italy. The two share four kids - North, 10, Saint, eight, Chicago, six, and Psalm, four.
Kim filed for divorce in 2021, but it wasn't finalized until the next year. Since then, Kanye married Yeezy architect Bianca Censori over a year ago.
The newlyweds spent last summer on holiday in Europe angering Italian locals with their risque outfits and actions. Kim was previously linked to Pete Davidson, but since has claimed she's happy being single and is focusing on her kids.
All the latest news, showbiz, lifestyle and sports updates, brought to you by our dedicated American team.
Follow the Mirror US News page on Facebook to make sure you're not missing out.
* Follow Mirror Celebs on Snapchat , Instagram , Twitter , Facebook , YouTube and Threads .
At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data" button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.