By HEIDI PARKER and CHRISTINE RENDON FOR DAILYMAIL.COM 
 Published:  19:28, 7 October 2024   |  Updated:  08:42, 8 October 2024   
 2.6k
View  comments
Kanye West reportedly split from his wife Bianca Censori several weeks ago.
On Monday morning TMZ claimed that the rapper and his wife have been on the outs for a while and 'possibly' plan to file for divorce.
The 47-year-old West has been in Tokyo while Censori, 29, flew to Australia to be with her family during this tough time, it was also claimed.
The site added that the ex-husband of Kim Kardashian has been telling friends he is done with Bianca and wants to be single while spending time in Japan.
No reason for the breakup has been offered yet. The two have not been seen together since September 20.
Kanye West split from his wife Bianca Censori several weeks ago, according to TMZ
The couple have been seen separately before so the solo outings may not indicate any hardship in the relationship but merely that Bianca was unable to join West on the current leg of his trip for whatever reason. 
The couple were last pictured together on September 20, shopping in Tokyo. 
West has been married to Censori since December 2022.
They wed just one month after his divorce was finalized from Kim Kardashian. Kanye shares four children with the KUWTK alum - daughters North, 11, Chicago, six, and sons Saint, eight, and Psalm, five. 
Bianca has been traveling with West as of late, supporting him at his various Vultures Listening Parties around the world. Her family has also attended one of the shows. 
The couple are often unmissable when together - mostly in part because of Bianca's racy outfits. 
Earlier this year in February, a source revealed to DailyMail.com that the SKIMS founder had asked Kanye to have his wife cover up when around their children.
'Kim instructed Kanye to never let Bianca dress like that around their kids. She is truly surprised that Kanye would let his wife leave the house like that.'
In late September, Kanye was also seen arriving to a Hong Kong airport without Bianca
Meanwhile, last week Kanye announced a new album and debuted a new song during his show at Haikou, China; pictured in Los Angeles in March 
The insider added, 'Kanye did the same thing he is doing with Bianca to Kim throughout their marriage. The difference is that when Kanye dressed Kim, he was respected as a person – as an artist.'
'Unfortunately, Kim knows what Bianca is going through – but she feels Bianca should have known what she was getting into.'
Meanwhile, last week Kanye announced a new album and debuted a new song during his show at Haikou, China.
The new album – which follows his two Vultures releases earlier this year – is called Bully.
Fans take photos of West on September 27 in Haikou, Hainan Province of China
The new song is called Beauty and the Beast and he performed it in China rapping over an instrumental background.
'I still think about it every night and day to try to stay away, to keep my audience / Don't take this disrespect, I'm sitting here trying to redirect.' 
During the concert West also debuted a new version of 530, a track off Vultures 2, which fans are calling a finished version as it contained a second verse.
Ye did not give the audience any clue as to when the Bully album would be released but if it follows the same route the two Vultures projects did, it will be plagued with delays.
Vultures was delayed months before finally dropping on February 10. The second Vultures project was initially scheduled for a March 8 release but was pushed until August 3.
Meanwhile, Kim Kardashian looked happy at 2024 ChainFEST Los Angeles VIP Night at Skylight Row on October 5, 2024 
A look at Kim and Kanye's love story 
2004: First meeting  
Kim and Kanye first met on a music video shoot when the KUWTK star was working as Brandy's stylist and Kanye was working on a song with the songstress. 
At the time she was still married to Damon Thomas, who she wed in 2000, and Kanye was dating model Alexis Phifer. 
Kanye was dating model Alexis Phifer
Speaking about their first meeting on the Keeping Up With The Kardashians 10 year anniversary special, Kim said: 'I met him I think in 2002 or 2003. He was recording a song with Brandy, and I was her friend...
'I vividly remember hanging out with him and then they did a video together, so I'd see him a few times...
'He was asking his friends: 'Who is this Kim Kardajan?' He didn't know what my name was'. 
She later told Vogue Arabia in 2019: 'This was before you released your first album and you were known as a music producer. I was really shy...
'You thought I was Brandy’s assistant, which I wasn’t. Ever since you said that, it’s everywhere… like “Kim is Brandy’s assistant.” I was her friend and stylist. [laughs]...
'I thought you were attractive, nice, very charming, really funny, powerful – I was in awe of you, but I was really shy, quiet, and a little nervous, to be honest.'
Later on that year, Kim split from Damon, who she wed when she was just 19 after eloping. She attributed domestic violence for the split - a claim he has always staunchly denied . 
Kim wrote in the divorce papers: 'Before we left out home, Damon hit me in the face and cut my lip open.. I fell into the bed frame and banged my knee hard. I was limping when we went skydiving.'
Sealing the deal: West's crush on Kardashian only grew over the years as the rising star began getting photographed next to her boss-turned-friend Paris Hilton; Paris and Kim pictured in 2006
2006: Heads turned further 
Kanye's huge crush on Kim only grew over the years as the rising star began getting photographed next to her boss-turned-friend Paris Hilton. 
In an interview with Ryan Seacrest in 2013, Kanye revealed that he truly fell for his future wife after he got a glimpse of a certain photo of her next to her pal Paris in Australia. 
He said: 'I just knew I wanted her to be my girl for a long time. 'I remember I saw a picture of her and Paris Hilton, and I remember telling my boy, 'Have you seen that girl Kim Kardijon?'' 
Despite his growing attraction to Kim, Kanye went on to propose to longtime girlfriend Alexis in August of 2006. 
The proposal was slightly more low-key than his eventual proposal to Kim many years later. 
Kanye popped the question to Alexis over a lobster and pasta dinner during a vacation to Capri. 
Tradgedy struck the following year however, when Kanye's beloved mother Donda passed away.
Following a number of procedures for liposuction, a tummy tuck, and a breast reduction, the following day she experienced a sore throat, pain and tightening in her chest, before collapsing. A friend who was with her called 911 and West was taken to the hospital, where she was pronounced dead in the emergency room.
After her death, Kanye seemed keen to honour her wishes of his marriage as he said of tying the knot to Alexis: 'I'm just going to go and get married — I'm not going to make a big deal out of it...
'I wouldn't get married to prove anything to anyone. It's for me, for stability in my life, and I'm so happy that I found someone that I really love, that challenges me, that keeps my life interesting, that's just as crazy as I am.'
Working together: Kanye asks Kim to appear in his infamous hip-hop puppet show Alligator Boots, where she would be playing the part of Star Wars' Princess Leia; Kim and Kanye pictured in 2008
2008: A split, Princess Leia and two new loves 
In April, Kanye calls off his year-and-a-half engagement to Phifer, as confirmed by Phifer in a statement to People, in which she said: 'It's always sad when things like this end, and we remain friends'. 
Shortly after, Kanye asked Kim to appear in his infamous hip-hop puppet show Alligator Boots, where she would be playing the part of Star Wars' Princess Leia.
Although the show was rejected by Comedy Central, Kardashian still had fond feelings for the project as she shared behind the scenes pictures from the set of Alligator Boots to social media in 2018.
Kim wrote on her website: 'We had met before this project (back in 2003), but I would say this is when we first really connected. These pics are SO funny!' 
At the time of filming Alligator Boots, Kim was in a relationship with New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush, who she started dating in 2007. 
Meanwhile, Kanye became involved with model Amber Rose in September of that year. 
Future couple? In February, Kim and Kanye reunite with one another at the Y-3 show in New York City. Kim attended the show with boyfriend Reggie, while Kanye arrived solo and snagged a seat next to the couple and actress Milla Jovovich
2009: A fashionable meet and a mysterious mention 
In February, Kim and Kanye reunite with one another at the Y-3 show in New York City. Kim attended the show with boyfriend Reggie, while Kanye arrived solo and snagged a seat next to the couple and actress Milla Jovovich.
In April, during his appearance on Keri Hilson's hit track Knock You Down, appears to reference his looming crush on Kim and his jealousy over her relationship with Reggie. 
He rapped: 'You were always the cheerleader of my dreams / Seem to only date the head of football teams/...
'And I was the class clown that always kept you laughing / We were never meant to be, baby we just happened'. 
Kanye and Amber also part ways in July of that year
2010: The end of two love stories 
In March, after three years of dating, Kim and Reggie split up for good. Reports at the time blamed the pressures of fame.
They had briefly split in August 2009 before reuniting, however he was unable to reconcile himself to Kim's rising star. 
An insider told e! online: 'They do truly love each other and there's no bad blood... They're even open to the idea of reconciling down the road, but need to be apart right now.'
Kanye and Amber also part ways in July of that year. 
Following their split, Amber blamed Kim for the split, saying: 'Kim is one of the main reasons why me and Kanye are not together. She's a homewrecker!' 
In the years after his split from Amber, Kanye has openly criticised the model - most famously saying in a 2015 interview that he had to take '30 showers' after dating her and reportedly branding her a 'prostitute'. 
In December, as Kim filmed the music video for her single Jam (Turn It Up), Kanye was present on set. Famously, Kardashian's mother Kris Jenner snapped at him for checking out her daughter's famous derriere by bluntly saying, 'Don't be looking at her a**'. 
The songwriter snapped back: 'I've never seen it actually.' 
In August 2011, Kim and Kris wed during a lavish, televised ceremony in Montecito, CA
2011: A Hump(hries) in the road  
In May 2011, Kim got engaged to her NBA star boyfriend Kris Humphries, who she started dating in October of 2010. 
In August that year, Kim and Kris wed during a lavish, televised ceremony in Montecito, CA. The eye-popping nuptials were attended by 450 guests and cost approximately $10million,
In an explosive twist in the tale, after just 72 days of marriage, Kim filed for divorce on October 31.  
Kim later revealed that she had misgivings about the marriage but felt she must go forward due to surrounding pressures. 
She said: 'There was all this attention on the wedding, and I thought 'maybe it was just the pressure of the show giving me this anxiety.' 
'The night before, my mom pulled me aside, off camera, and was like, 'This isn't it for you,''
'I felt like, if I pulled out now, everyone's going to think I just did it for the show. Then afterwards, people were saying, 'You have to stay married for a year,' but I physically couldn't do it. When I made the decision [to divorce], everyone said it was made up for the show. Everyone really wanted to take me down.' 
Kris said of the split: ''It's never easy to go through the embarrassment of something like that — with your friends, with your family …. But when it plays out so publicly, in front of the world, it's a whole other level. It was brutal'.  
During his appearance on Kocktails with Khloe, Kanye revealed to Khloe that he tried to talk Kim out of moving forward with her marriage to Kris.  
Shortly after, rumors began to swirl that Kim had taken her friendship with Kanye to the next level.
Early snap: Kim confirmed her romance with Kanye in June 2012 and they announced they were expecting their first child that December
2012: It's TRUE and there's a baby
They finally got together eight years after meeting. 
In March, The rumored couple let it be known they were spending time with each other when Kim sat front row at Kanye's runway show during Paris Fashion Week. 
The following month, after months of rumors and rumblings, Kim and Kanye made their relationship official as they held hands in New York City. 
In May they took things a step further and make their red carpet debut at the Cannes Film Festival during the premiere for the film Cruel Summer. 
In December, the Stronger rapper joyously reveals that his is expecting his first child with Kim during a New Year's Eve concert in Atlantic City. 
The rapper said 'stop the music', then announced 'make noise for my baby mama right here,' with a wide smile. Kanye's announcement prompted a flurry of excited tweets from the audience 
Taking to her official website, Kim also confirmed the pregnancy, writing: 'It's true!! Kanye and I are expecting a baby...
'We feel so blessed and lucky and wish that in addition to both of our families, his mom and my dad could be here to celebrate this special time with us. Looking forward to great new beginnings in 2013 and to starting a family.' 
2013: A star is born... North West is here and a wedding on the way 
Epic proposal: In October, Kanye made proposal history when he asked Kim for her hand in marriage with a sparkling 15-carat Lorraine Schwartz diamond ring
On June 15, Kim welcomed their daughter North West. 
Weeks later, the KUWTK star showed off a picture of her and Kanye's baby girl, while appearing on her mother Kris' short lived talk show.
In October, Kanye made proposal history when he asked Kim for her hand in marriage with a sparkling 15-carat Lorraine Schwartz diamond ring.
The proposal was a total surprise and went down at the AT&T Park baseball park in San Francisco, which Kanye rented out for the occasion. 
He had arranged for the words 'PLEEESE MARRY MEEE!!!' to flash up on the giant scoreboard at the ballpark. 
Despite his bravado, Kanye admitted prior to the proposal he was nervous, saying: 'I was talking to a cousin, I said, 'What do you think she's gonna say?'...
'I'm not arrogant about love and feelings at all . . . I knew I wanted her to be my girl for a long time
In November, the couple then made headlines around the globe when shortly after their engagement, Kim famously appeared nude while straddling Kanye on a motorbike in his Bound 2 music video.  
2014: The wedding 
In May the following year, the couple tied the knot at the Renaissance fortress in Florence, Italy
In May the following year, the couple tied the knot at  the Renaissance fortress in Florence, Italy. The lavish affair saw 200 people in attendance and Kim walked down the aisle in a stunning Maison Margiela bridal gown.
They were wed under the direction of Rich Wilkerson Jr, a pastor from North Miami. Speaking moments after the ceremony to E! News, Kim's mum Kris said she was 'beyond bursting with happiness for Kim, Kanye and baby North'.
'Such a magical, romantic wedding!' she added. 'I feel blessed to have my new son and his family as part of ours.' And Kanye seemed equally ebullient, with a source telling MailOnline he gave an eight-minute speech to the gathered guests.
'I just wanna stop the music a second 'cos my baby's coming back with a new dress on. Here she is - Kim Kardashian West,' he said, introducing his bride.
After the ceremony, the guests broke bread together sitting family style on a 70-metre-long marble banquet table - a gift from master craftsman Gualtiero Vannelli who used marble from the Tuscan quarry in Carrara, according to Us Weekly. 
During the ceremony Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli serenaded Kim and Kanye with several of his songs, including Con te Partiro. Among the stars at the nuptials were Steve McQueen, Lala Anthony, Jaden Smith and Joe Francis. 
2015: Saint West 
In December, Kim and Kanye welcomed their second child, son Saint West, on December 5, 2015.
In May, in wake of her first wedding anniversary with Kanye, Kim confirmed to Glamour that she was expecting her second child with the Grammy winner. 
'North has taught me patience. There's nothing I wouldn't do for her. And nothing I wouldn't do for my husband. She's empowered us to want to be the best parents and the best spouses,' said the star.
In December, Kim and Kanye welcomed their second child, son Saint West, on December 5, 2015. 
Eager to share her newborn with her massive Instagram following, Kim shared a portrait of Saint to the platform.
Kim later discussed life with two young children, saying of North: 'I don't know if it's because she's the older sister. I don't know what it is. I thought it was a phase. She does not like her brother and it's so hard for me... 
'She would get so jealous when I would breastfeed and all that kind of stuff. And now, the phase isn't going away.' 
Famed and adored for her seeming diva ways, Kim continued to give insight into life with North, saying: 'She thinks she's outsmarting me. 
'Like, she'll have a tea party and say, 'No boys allowed.' Dad can't come too then -- no boys. And she'll slam the door on her brother's face and he'll just start crying.' 
2016: Kim's trauma and trouble in paradise
In 2016, Kim was left traumatised when burglars broke into her Paris apartment during Fashion Week, tied her up and stole $10million of jewellery in October 2016 (pictured before the raid)
In 2016, Kim was left traumatised when burglars broke into her Paris apartment during Fashion Week, tied her up and stole $10million of jewellery in October 2016. 
In 2018, she finally learning to be 'okay' with the horrifying experience because she has 'learned so much from it'.
The reality star was robbed by five armed men wearing ski masks and clothes with police markings in the ordeal.
At around 3am, the robbers entered the building after the concierge let them in.
Handcuffed and at gunpoint, the concierge led them to the starlet's flat. 
Kim reportedly 'begged for her life' and told the gunmen she had children at home when two of them entered her room and held the gun to her head.
The men stole a jewellery box worth €6 million ($6.7 million/ £5.24 million) and a ring worth €4 million ($4.5 million/ £3.5 million), prompting fears that the valuables were personal ones, and not just jewellery Kim was borrowing for fashion week.
Kim also lost two of her prized smart phones – ones that are likely to contain a great deal of personal information. 
As she recovered from the trauma of the robbery, Kim faced further plight when later that year, the couple were faced with allegations of 'friction' due to Kanye's online behaviour.
After Kanye went on a number of Twitter tangents, insiders said: ' What causes friction in the marriage, however, is Kanye's compulsive tweeting. 
'Kim can't stand it. She is all for self-promotion, but doesn't approve of Twitter drama'. 
Despite this, they denied they were having issues with Kim saying 'there's just nothing to really report on'. 
2017: Baby number three
The couple hired a surrogate to carry their third child. It was first reported in July that Kim opted to go the surrogate route due to health complications during her first two pregnancies
The couple hired a surrogate to carry their third child. It was first reported in July that Kim opted to go the surrogate route due to health complications during her first two pregnancies.
Kim, who suffered with life threatening placenta accreta when carrying North and Saint, is said to have been referred 'by an agency' to find the right surrogate.
TMZ claimed the famous duo paid $45,000 for the surrogate to carry their third child, before revealing the lady in question is an African-American college graduate in her Twenties who has been married for five years with two children. 
'The entire family is over the moon. Kim had been looking for a surrogate for months until recently when she found the perfect candidate,' a source told People. 
The singer added: 'They want everything to be perfect and for the baby to be extremely healthy. 
'They don't want any complications and Kim is providing an ideal eating regimen and diet so everyone knows what the baby is consuming before it's born.' 
Prior to hiring their surrogate, Kim spoke to her sister Kourtney about the perks of surrogacy, saying: ''If you use a surrogate, nobody has to know the whole time...
'You could have a baby for a year and nobody would even know.' 
2018: Chicago is here  
In January, their daughter Chicago was born
In January, their daughter Chicago was born. 
Kim delightedly announced the news, confirming in a statement : 'We're so in love. Kanye and I are happy to announce the arrival of our healthy, beautiful baby girl'. 
Three days after the birth, Kim revealed that the couple had decided to call their newborn daughter Chicago.
 She shared a picture of the name, captioned with the date and time of the tot's birth, plus her weight – 7lbs, 6oz.
She shared a post which explains how to pronounce the shortened version of Chicago's name.
 The informative messages said: 'And to everyone who thinks it's literally pronounced as CHI. No. It's 'Shy'.'
When grilled on the unusual name: 'Everyone asks me where we came up with that,' Kim said about her baby girl, whom she regularly calls 'Chi.
'Kanye is originally from Chicago, and the city is really connected to his memory of his mom. So, we went with Chicago.' 
2019: The brood continues to grow and Sunday Service arrives 
In May, they then welcomed another son Psalm West by a surrogate and later renewed their wedding vows 
In May,  they then welcomed another son Psalm West by a surrogate and later renewed their wedding vows.
She announced Psalm's arrival on Mother's Day with a picture of the baby asleep. 
Kris later explained what the name meant, saying: 'The inspiration was the Book of Psalms in the Bible. I think it's just a wonderful way to celebrate how they feel. And he's such a blessing, so it's perfect. He's just adorable.' 
Kim had spoken earlier about moving on to having four children.
She said: 'I think that, [for] anyone that has three, I do recommend going for the fourth. You're already there. You're so close. It feels so balanced. It feels like there's a partner for everyone—no one's left out. Everyone gets along now.'
The biblical name came around the same time as the launch of Kanye's Sunday Service, in which he delivered his own religious service each Sunday at his home since the beginning of 2019.
The biblical name came around the same time as the launch of Kanye's Sunday Service, in which he delivered his own religious service each Sunday at his home since the beginning of 2019
Kim discussed the services and detailed what they meant to Kanye, saying: ''Kanye started this, I think, just to heal himself. It was a really personal thing, and it was just friends and family...
'He has had an amazing evolution of being born again and being saved by Christ...
'For the most part, it's just a musical ministry. Kanye doesn't have his 501 [registered non-profit exempt from federal tax] yet to make it an official church, but it is for God and it is a Christian church. It started off healing for him and it's become something that he really wants to share for everybody else.' 
Kanye himself spoke about Sunday Service, telling David Letterman: 'It was really an idea that we had to open up our hearts and make music that we felt was as pure and as positive as possible... 
'And just do it for an hour every Sunday. And just have somewhere where people can come together and just feel good with their families.' 
On July 4, Kanye announced he was entering the 2020 presidential race and Kim - as well as Elon Musk - backed him 
2020: Kanye's troubles and Kim's birthday
On July 4, Kanye announced he was entering the 2020 presidential race and Kim - as well as Elon Musk - backed him. 
Later that month, on July 19 he held a campaign rally in South Carolina, wearing a bullet-proof jacket marked 'security' and with '2020' shaved into his head. 
In a rambling speech, he revealed he and Kim had considered aborting North and also claimed abolitionist Harriet Tubman 'never actually freed the slaves'. 
On July 22, he fired off a series of tweets claiming Kim was trying to have him locked up on medical grounds, that he had been 'trying to get divorced' since Kim allegedly met rapper Meek Mill at the Waldorf Hotel and called mother-in-law Kris Jenner 'Kris Jong-Un'. 
Kim subsequently released a statement saying Kanye was suffering a bi-polar episode at the time. It was later revealed he was holing up at his Wyoming ranch and Kim was seen in tears as she visited him,
In October, Kim and Kanye through the stunner an elaborate 40th birthday festivities, which included dinner at candlelight with her nearest and dearest on a private island. 
After the event, Kim shed light on some of the precautions she had everyone take in order to safely celebrate her big day, which included a two week quarantine prior to the party. 
She penned: '40 and feeling so humbled and blessed. There is not a single day that I take for granted, especially during these times when we are all reminded of the things that truly matter,' she wrote.
Virtual: Kim Kardashian revealed on Thursday that she received a hologram of her late father Robert from husband Kanye West , in celebration of her 40th birthday 
'For my birthday this year, I couldn't think of a better way to spend it than with some of the people who have helped shaped me into the woman I am today. Before COVID, I don't think any of us truly appreciated what a simple luxury it was to be able to travel and be together with family and friends in a safe environment...
'After 2 weeks of multiple health screens and asking everyone to quarantine, I surprised my closest inner circle with a trip to a private island where we could pretend things were normal just for a brief moment in time. We danced, rode bikes, swam near whales, kayaked, watched a movie on the beach and so much more.
'I realize that for most people, this is something that is so far out of reach right now, so in moments like these, I am humbly reminded of how privileged my life is. #thisis40.'
During the trip, she received a hologram of her late father Robert from husband Kanye. 
Famed attorney Robert Kardashian, who tragically passed away from esophageal cancer in July of 2003 at the age of 59, was brought back to virtual life for the unconventional gift, which a number of fans have branded 'creepy'.
Among the statements made by the virtual incarnation of the late Kardashian patriarch were that his famous daughter was 'all grown up', while he also hailed Kanye, 43, as 'the most genius man in the whole world'.
The two-and-a-half minute video showed the late Kardashian wearing a beige suit jacket layered over a crisp white dress shirt as he seemingly spoke directly to Kim.
'Happy Birthday Kimberly,' greeted the hologram. 'Look at you! You're 40 and all grown up. You look beautiful just like when you were a little girl. 'I watch over you and your sisters and brother and the kids everyday. Sometimes I drop hints that I'm around,' noted hologram Robert, who made reference to something the Kardashians refer to as a 'big peefee'.
2021: The end
The 41-year old reality star officially filed for divorce from the 'Jesus Walks' star in February 2021.
The split followed a rocky year for the couple where they were spotted having 'crisis' talks after Kanye accused Kim of trying to 'lock me up' and said he wanted to divorce her in a series of rambling Twitter posts while he was said to be in the grips of a bipolar episode. 
Kanye also made a failed run for the White House in 2020 and during his first presidential campaign rally told attendees that Kim had considered aborting daughter North. 

	    Share what you think
          
The comments below have not been moderated.

      The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
    
We are no longer accepting comments on this article.
Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group