Kim Kardashian revealed that her four kids—North West, Saint West, Chicago West, and Psalm West, whom she shares with ex-husband Kanye West—make lists of men for her date.
Kim Kardashian doesn’t need a matchmaker—she has four.
The 43-year-old, who noted that she’s not currently seeing anyone, opened up about her four kids—North West, 11, Saint West, 8, Chicago West, 6, and Psalm West, 5, whom she shares with ex-husband Kanye West—trying to influence her dating life.
“It’s so funny because my kids try to set me up,” the reality star revealed on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon Aug. 14. “They’re ready now, and I’m not.”
As for who her kids have in mind, Kim said that it depends on who best suits their interests.
“They’re so particular. They make lists,” the SKIMS founder said. “Saint wants me to be with any basketball player or soccer player and I’m like, ‘If you only knew.’ Some of my kids want me to be with streamers. They have lists, and they try to sneakily set me up. And I’m like, ‘Guys, this just isn’t what I want right now.’”
However, the mom of four has found another way to appeal to her kids’ differing hobbies.
“I love to travel solo with each of my kids because it really is this bonding time,” Kim said, noting that she was on a solo trip to New York with North. “One is heavily into karate, one is just a full princess into everything glitter. North is into art. Saint is into soccer and basketball. I go to all their personal games… We’re going to Spain to see the first Real Madrid game soon. It’s pretty nutty that I travel the world for my kids’ interests, but it’s fun.”
When it comes to her love life, Kim has kept relatively quiet in recent years. Her last public relationship was with comedian Pete Davidson from October 2021 to August 2022. She’s also been linked to NFL star Odell Beckham Jr.
She also previously spoke about what led to a split from a mystery man during the season finale of The Kardashians in July.
“[He] started to tell me, ‘You work so much. Why don’t you just take the week off?’ And I’m like, ‘Get out of here,’” Kim recalled, bleeping out the man’s name. “Take the week off? That was the beginning of the end.”
For more on what Kim has said about being a mom through the years, read on. 
Kim Kardashian on How Mom Kris Jenner Shaped Her Own Parenting Journey:
"Motherhood is a gift and I know after watching my mom do it, it's not easy, especially when trying to balance a career," she wrote in a 2013 blog post. "I'm honored to follow in her footsteps and make her proud like I am of her." 
Kim Kardashian on Talking to Her Kids About Kanye West Divorce:
"Ultimately, what matters is that kids feel loved and heard," Kim—who filed for divorce from the rapper in 2021—told GQ in a November 2023 interview. "You want to be sensitive because they're just kids, and it's hard to go through no matter what age."
Kim Kardashian on Why Daughter North Prefers to Live With Kanye West:
"She'll be like, 'Dad is the best,'" she shared on a November 2023 episode of The Kardashians. "'He has it all figured out. He doesn't have a nanny, he doesn't have a chef, he doesn't have security. He lives in an apartment.' And she'll start crying, 'Why don't you have an apartment? I can't believe we don't have an apartment.'"
Kim Kardashian on North West: 
In a November 2023 episode of The Kardashians, Kim joked her sister Kourtney Kardashian "always says that North is my lesson on this planet."
"I'm supposed to learn even more about patience—she teaches me patience," she quipped of her oldest daughter. "She has taught me a lot about life."
Kim Kardashian on What Worries Her:
"I worry about giving my kids too much," she wrote in a Wealthsimple essay published in July 2018. "We don't do gifts. They have to really earn it. But we talk about it all the time, about not getting too much and just trying to be as grounded and well-rounded as possible."
Kim Kardashian on What Really Matters:
"Being a mom just not makes you give a f--k about anything else but what's immediately going on inside in your home," she said during a Calvin Klein ad campaign photo shoot in 2018. "Sll the other stuff kind of fades away."
The SKIMS mogul added, "Nothing matters but your family, so I think it really helps you center and get grounded."
"It completely changed my life. You have a different set of proprieties," Kim once said in a Mobio Insider Q&A. "Nothing matters except your brand new family."
Kim Kardashian on What Motherhood Taught Her:
"I have such unconditional love for my kids," Kim shared in a 2017 blog post. "No matter what, I will always love them and support them in anything they choose to do in life."
Being a mom also shined new light on her own upbringing.
"My family was so close growing up; now that I'm a mom, I understand the bond my mom and dad felt with us," she added. "There can be ups and downs with kids but no matter what, I always learn so much from them. Being a mom is the most important job I have."
Kim Kardashian on Sharing Family Moments on Social Media:
"I try to share my life. I definitely love doing that, but I think I'm a little bit more cautious these days about what I do share," she explained on The View after her Paris robbery. "I've learned through experience that things in real time I might change up a little bit. I might take a photo, save it, post it when I leave the place or when I'm in a different location because I don't think that worked out for me so well when I was posting every last detail."
"I took a hiatus after I had the baby, and found it challenging to start working again because I didn't want to spend any time away," she revealed to E! News after the birth of North West. "But you adjust and prioritize, and just figure it out!"
Kim Kardashian on Telling Her Kids About Her Surrogate:
"I have to figure that out first before they really see and then if we're celebrating, you know, her, I just want to celebrate the baby," Kim shared on The Real in 2017. "I think I have to explain it to my kids first and figure out how I'm going to explain it to them."
Kim Kardashian on Her Surrogate:
"I'm like really thankful," she shared in a 2017 episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians. "I'm seriously so grateful for her and that someone is just so like selfless and kind to do this."
Kim Kardashian on Breastfeeding in Public:
"I know some people find breastfeeding such a private, personal experience, while other people are very open and even breastfeed in public," she wrote on her app in January 2015. "Now that I'm a mom, I say whatever makes you comfortable goes."
Kim Kardashian's Thoughts on North West Becoming a Big Sister:
"We talk about baby brother all the time," the reality star told E! News in 2015. "She's so sweet and yesterday she said, ‘Mommy, can I give baby brother a kiss on your tummy?' and she kissed my stomach. "
Calling her daughter "super sweet," Kim admitted at the time that North does have "a hard time when I hold other babies but she's been getting a little bit better."
She added, "I'm hoping that with her brother it's a whole new experience."
"I don't take it for granted," Kim said in a 2015 episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians. "The fact that this is a miracle that's happened and I'm just so blessed to be pregnant again." 
Kim Kardashian on Her Pregnancy Attitude:
Then expecting her second baby, Kim wrote on Twitter June 2015, "Pregnant KiKi does not play!!!! *BLOOP!*"
Kim Kardashian's Thoughts on Kanye West Being a Dad:
"Precious moments like this when we were traveling on tour with you are what I live for," Kim wrote in a June 2015 instagram post. "You're such a good daddy to North & you will be the best daddy to our new son too!"
Kim Kardashian on Pregnancy Rumors:
"I secretly loved the rumors I was faking my pregnancy bc I was so skinny!" Kim tweeted in July 2015, while she was pregnant with her son Saint. "LOL Well can't hide it now! 5 month (20weeks) and 20lbs up."
Kim Kardashian's Thoughts on Pregnancy Complications:
"You know it was really hard for me to get pregnant so I do feel really blessed that I am pregnant," she told E! News in November 2015, "and at the end of the day it is a million times worth it." 
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians star fired back at trolls who claimed that she was faking her pregnancy, posting a nude selfie with the caption, "First they said I'm too skinny so I have to be faking it...Now they say I'm too big so I have to be faking it...SMH!"
"Everyone's body is different, every pregnancy is very different!" she continued in an August 2015 Instagram post. "I've learned to love my body at every stage!"
"This pregnancy, I would love a Lorraine Schwartz diamond choker, like the ones I've worn before to the Art + Film Gala," she quipped on her app in November 2015. "Too much? LOL!"
"Having my daughter is my biggest achievement. All the things you used to do, you just don't care about anymore. Your child becomes the #1 priority." -Kim Kardashian, Twitter, February 2015.
Kim Kardashian Reveals Her Biggest Acheivement:
"Having my daughter is my biggest achievement," Kim tweeted in February 2015, before she welcomed her young daughter Chicago and sons Saint and Psalm. "All the things you used to do, you just don't care about anymore. Your child becomes the #1 priority."
"Feeling extra thin with all of the super models!" she joked on Instagram in October 2015. "LOL #InStyleAwards"
Kim recycled the Givenchy gown she wore to the 2013 Met Gala, during which she was pregnant with North, for a Halloween costume amid her pregnancy with Saint. 
"Still fits," she captioned an October 2015 snapshot. "I think I nailed the Kim K costume!"
Your source for entertainment news, celebrities, celeb news, and ​celebrity gossip. Check out the hottest fashion, photos, movies and TV shows!
© 2025 E! Entertainment Television, LLC A Division of NBCUniversal. All rights reserved.